 
 EX-99.1
 9
 a2229408zex-99_1.htm
 EX-99.1

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 99.1 

 ,
2016 

 Dear
Johnson Controls Shareholder: 

 On
July 24, 2015, we announced plans to separate our Automotive Seating and Interiors businesses from the rest of Johnson Controls by means of a spin-off of a newly formed company
named Adient plc, which will contain our automotive seating and interiors businesses. Johnson Controls, the existing publicly traded company, will continue to manage our building efficiency and
power solutions businesses. As two distinct publicly traded companies, Johnson Controls and Adient will be better positioned to capitalize on significant growth opportunities and focus resources on
their respective businesses and strategic priorities. 

 To implement the separation, Johnson Controls will transfer its automotive seating and interiors businesses to Adient, and in return, Adient will issue ordinary shares to Johnson
Controls shareholders, pro rata to their respective holdings. Each Johnson Controls shareholder will receive one Adient ordinary share on October 31, 2016 for every ten shares of Johnson
Controls held as of the close of business on October 19, 2016, the record date for the distribution. The distribution will generally be taxable to Johnson Controls shareholders for U.S. federal
income tax purposes.

 No
vote of Johnson Controls shareholders is required for the distribution. You do not need to take any action to receive Adient ordinary shares to which you are entitled as a Johnson
Controls shareholder, and you do not need to pay any consideration or surrender or exchange your Johnson Controls shares. 

 I
encourage you to read the attached information statement, which is being provided to all Johnson Controls shareholders who held shares of Johnson Controls on the record date for the
distribution. The information statement describes the separation in detail and contains important business and financial information about Adient. 

 I
believe the separation provides tremendous opportunities for our businesses and our shareholders, as we work to continue building long-term shareholder value. We appreciate your
continuing support of Johnson Controls, and look forward to your future support of both companies. 

 Sincerely, 

 Alex A. Molinaroli Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Johnson Controls 

 Table of Contents 

 , 2016 

 Dear
Future Adient Shareholder: 

 I
am pleased to welcome you as a future shareholder of Adient, whose ordinary shares we intend to list on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "ADNT." 

 Adient
is the global leader in automotive seating and interiors. We are an established and trusted partner for all of the world's major automakers, helping them differentiate their
vehicles to consumers. We are the largest supplier of seats in the growing China market, with 17 joint ventures and 60 manufacturing locations. With approximately 230 locations in 33 countries and
approximately 74,000 employees, Adient will deliver 25 million seating systems used on more than 360 nameplates around the globe. 

 We
intend to outpace the growth of the overall automotive industry by leveraging our advantaged global manufacturing footprint, our unique customer mix and strong relationships, our
increased focus on innovation and our experienced management team. Our capabilities will create new growth opportunities within and adjacent to the automotive industry. 

 At
the same time, we will continue to increase profitability through a world-class operating system that is driving leadership in cost, quality, launch execution and customer
satisfaction. 

 Our
business is less capital intensive than other automotive companies, increasing our financial flexibility and returns on capital. The combination of operating and financial discipline
will result in solid and improving cash flow, allowing us to reduce leverage, pay a dividend and support growth investments. However, the timing, declaration, amount of and payment of any dividends
are within the discretion of the Adient board of directors and will depend upon many factors, and, therefore, there is no assurance as to the timing or amount of any such dividends. 

 We
believe our strengths and discipline will translate into an attractive return for you, our shareholders. Our goal is to provide sustainable, top quartile returns versus the automotive
peer group. 

 We
invite you to learn more about Adient and our strategic initiatives by reading the attached information statement. We thank you in advance for your support as a future shareholder of
Adient. 

 Sincerely, 

 R. Bruce McDonald Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Adient 

 Table of Contents 

 Information contained herein is subject to completion or amendment. A Registration Statement on
Form 10 relating to these securities has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

 PRELIMINARY AND SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED SEPTEMBER 20, 2016 

INFORMATION STATEMENT

 Adient Limited 

 This information statement is being furnished in connection with the distribution to Johnson Controls shareholders of 100% of the ordinary shares
of Adient, which will hold directly and/or indirectly the assets and liabilities associated with Johnson Controls' automotive seating and interiors businesses. To implement the
distribution, Johnson Controls will transfer its automotive seating and interiors businesses to Adient, and in return, Adient will issue its ordinary shares to Johnson Controls shareholders, pro rata
to their respective holdings. The distribution generally will be taxable to Johnson Controls shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

 For every ten shares of Johnson Controls held of record by you as of the close of business on October 19, 2016, the record date for the distribution, you will receive one Adient
ordinary share. You will receive cash in lieu of any fractional Adient ordinary shares that you would have received after application of the above ratio. As discussed under "The Separation and
Distribution&#151;Trading Before Distribution Date," if you sell your Johnson Controls shares in the "regular-way" market after the record date and before the distribution, you also will be
selling your right to receive Adient ordinary shares in connection with the separation. We expect the Adient ordinary shares to be distributed to you on October 31, 2016. We refer to the date
of the distribution of the Adient ordinary shares as the distribution date.

 No vote of Johnson Controls shareholders is required for the distribution. Therefore, you are not being asked for a proxy, and you are requested not to send
Johnson Controls a proxy, in connection with the distribution. You do not need to pay any consideration, exchange or surrender your existing Johnson Controls shares or take any other action to receive
your Adient ordinary shares. 

 On January 24, 2016, Johnson Controls, Inc. entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Tyco International plc and certain other parties named therein.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, on September 2, 2016, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Tyco merged with and into Johnson Controls, Inc., with Johnson Controls, Inc.
surviving as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Tyco. The combined company is now named "Johnson Controls International plc" and trades under the ticker "JCI." As a result, former
shareholders of both Johnson Controls, Inc. and Tyco who hold shares of the combined company as of the October 19, 2016 record date will receive Adient ordinary shares in the
distribution. References to "Johnson Controls" in this information statement therefore refer to Johnson Controls, Inc. prior to the merger and refer to Johnson Controls International plc
after the merger.

 There is no current trading market for Adient ordinary shares, although Adient expects that a limited market, commonly known as a "when-issued" trading market, will develop on or shortly
before the record date for the distribution, and Adient expects "regular-way" trading of Adient ordinary shares to begin on the first trading day following the completion of the distribution. Adient
has applied to have its ordinary shares authorized for listing on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "ADNT." Following the spin-off, Johnson Controls will continue to trade on the New York
Stock Exchange under the symbol "JCI."

 In reviewing this information statement, you should carefully consider the matters described under the caption "Risk Factors" beginning on page
21. 

 Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved these securities or determined if this
information statement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

 This information statement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. 

 This document is not a prospectus within the meaning of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland, the Prospectus Directive (2003/71/EC) Regulations 2005 of
Ireland (as amended) or the Prospectus Rules issued by the Central Bank of Ireland. No offer of shares to the public is made, or will be made, that requires the publication of a prospectus pursuant to
Irish prospectus law within the meaning of the above legislation. This document has not
been approved or reviewed by or registered with the Central Bank of Ireland or any other competent authority or regulatory authority in the European Economic Area. This document does not constitute
investment advice or the provision of investment services within the meaning of the European Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2007 of Ireland (as amended) or the
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (2004/39/EC). Neither Johnson Controls nor Adient is an authorized investment firm within the meaning of the European Communities (Markets in
Financial Instruments) Regulations 2007 of Ireland (as amended) or the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (2004/39/EC) and the recipients of this document should seek independent legal
and financial advice in determining their actions in respect of or pursuant to this document. 

 The
date of this information statement is , 2016. 

This information statement will be made publicly available at www.materials.proxyvote.com/G51502 beginning , 2016, and notices of this information statement's availability will be
first
sent to Johnson Controls shareholders on or about , 2016.

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Page 

 Note Regarding the Use of Certain Terms, Trademarks, Trade Names and Service
Marks 

 i 

 Questions and Answers About the Separation and Distribution 

 1 

 Information Statement Summary 

 8 

 Risk Factors 

 21 

 Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 

 47 

 The Separation and Distribution 

 48 

 Dividend Policy 

 54 

 Capitalization 

 55 

 Selected Historical Combined Financial Data of Adient 

 56 

 Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements 

 58 

 Business 

 65 

 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 

 81 

 Management 

 116 

 Directors 

 118 

 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 127 

 Executive Compensation 

 147 

 Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions 

 174 

 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences 

 183 

 Material Irish Income Tax Consequences 

 195 

 Description of Material Indebtedness 

 201 

 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

 206 

 Description of Adient's Share Capital 

 208 

 Where You Can Find More Information 

 227 

 Index to Financial Statements 

 F-1 

 Annex A&#151;List of Relevant Territories for the Purposes of Irish Dividend Withholding
Tax 

 A-1 

 NOTE REGARDING THE USE OF CERTAIN TERMS, TRADEMARKS, TRADE NAMES AND SERVICE MARKS 

 Unless otherwise indicated, references to "Johnson Controls" in this information statement refer to Johnson Controls, Inc. and
its subsidiaries or, after the completion of the merger of Johnson Controls, Inc. with an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Tyco International plc, Johnson Controls
International plc and its subsidiaries. References to "Adient" in this information statement refer to Adient Limited and its subsidiaries or, after the re-registration of
Adient Limited as a public limited company, Adient plc and its subsidiaries. References in this information statement to the "separation" refer to the separation of the automotive
seating and interiors businesses from the rest of Johnson Controls and the creation, as a result of the distribution, of an independent, publicly traded company, Adient, which will hold the assets and
liabilities associated with the automotive seating and interiors businesses after the distribution. References in this information statement to the "distribution" refer to the dividend on Johnson
Controls shares outstanding on the record date that will be satisfied by Adient's issuance of its ordinary shares to the persons entitled to receive the dividend. Adient owns or has rights to use the
trademarks, service marks and trade names that it uses in conjunction with the operation of its business. Some of the more important trademarks that Adient owns or has rights to use that appear in
this information statement include: ADIENT and RECARO, which may be registered or trademarked in the United States and other jurisdictions. Each trademark, trade name or service mark of any other
company appearing in this information statement is, to our knowledge, owned by such other company. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this information
statement are listed without the and &#153; symbols, but we will assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our right to use such trademarks, service marks and trade
names. 

 i 

 Table of Contents 

 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE SEPARATION AND DISTRIBUTION 

 What is Adient and why is Johnson Controls distributing Adient ordinary shares? 
 
 Adient was formed to hold Johnson Controls' automotive seating and interiors businesses. The separation of the automotive seating and interiors businesses from Johnson Controls and the distribution of Adient ordinary
shares are intended to create two separate, publicly traded companies, each of which will be able to focus exclusively on its own businesses and their distinct needs. Johnson Controls and Adient expect that the separation will result in enhanced
long-term performance of each business for the reasons discussed in the sections entitled "The Separation and Distribution&#151;Reasons for the Separation." 

 Why am I receiving this document? 
 
 Johnson Controls is delivering this document to you because you are a holder of Johnson Controls shares. If you are a holder of Johnson Controls shares as of the close of business on October 19, 2016, the record date
of the distribution, you will be entitled to receive one Adient ordinary share for every ten shares of Johnson Controls that you held at the close of business on such date. This document will help you understand how the separation and distribution
will affect your post-separation ownership in Johnson Controls and Adient, respectively. 

 How will the separation of the automotive seating and interiors businesses from Johnson Controls work? 
 
 Johnson Controls will transfer its automotive seating and interiors businesses to Adient, and in return, Adient will issue its ordinary shares to Johnson Controls shareholders, pro rata to their respective holdings. For
the purposes of Irish corporate law, this will be treated as Johnson Controls having declared a dividend in specie, or a non-cash dividend, to its shareholders and satisfying that obligation by procuring the delivery of the Adient ordinary shares to
Johnson Controls shareholders. Immediately following the distribution, the persons entitled to receive Adient ordinary shares in the distribution will own all of Adient's outstanding ordinary shares. 

 Will former Tyco shareholders who are holders of record of the combined company receive Adient ordinary shares in the distribution? 
 
 Yes. On January 24, 2016, Johnson Controls, Inc. entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Tyco International plc and certain other parties named therein. Pursuant to the merger agreement, on
September 2, 2016, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Tyco merged with and into Johnson Controls, Inc., with Johnson Controls, Inc. surviving as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Tyco. The combined company is now named
"Johnson Controls International plc" and trades under the ticker "JCI." As a result, former shareholders of both Johnson Controls, Inc. and Tyco who hold shares of the combined company as of the record date will receive Adient ordinary
shares in the distribution. References to "Johnson Controls" in this information statement therefore refer to Johnson Controls, Inc. prior to the merger and refer to Johnson Controls International plc after the merger. 

 1 

 Table of Contents 

 What is the record date for the distribution? 
 
 The record date for the distribution will be October 19, 2016. 

 When will the distribution occur? 
 
 It is expected that all of the ordinary shares of Adient will be distributed on October 31, 2016 to holders of record of Johnson Controls shares at the close of business on October 19, 2016, the record date for
the distribution. 

 What do shareholders need to do to participate in the distribution? 
 
 Shareholders of Johnson Controls as of the record date for the distribution will not be required to take any action to receive Adient ordinary shares in the distribution, but you are urged to read this entire information
statement carefully. No shareholder approval of the distribution is required. You are not being asked for a proxy. You do not need to pay any consideration, exchange or surrender your existing Johnson Controls shares or take any other action to
receive your Adient ordinary shares. Please do not send in your Johnson Controls share certificates. The distribution will not affect the number of outstanding Johnson Controls shares or any rights of Johnson Controls shareholders, although it may
affect the market value of each outstanding share of Johnson Controls. 

 How will ordinary shares of Adient be issued? 
 
 You will receive Adient ordinary shares through the same channels that you currently use to hold or trade Johnson Controls shares, whether through a brokerage account, 401(k) plan or other channel. Receipt of Adient
ordinary shares will be documented for you in the same manner that you typically receive shareholder updates, such as monthly broker statements and 401(k) statements. 

 If you own Johnson Controls shares as of the close of business on October 19, 2016, the record date for the distribution, including shares owned in certificate form or through the Johnson Controls dividend
reinvestment plan, Johnson Controls, with the assistance of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., or Wells Fargo, the distribution agent, will electronically distribute ordinary shares of Adient to you or to your brokerage firm on your behalf in book-entry form.
Wells Fargo will mail you a book-entry account statement that reflects your ordinary shares of Adient, or your bank or brokerage firm will credit your account for the shares. 

 If I was enrolled in the Johnson Controls dividend reinvestment plan, will I automatically be enrolled in the Adient dividend reinvestment plan? 
 
 Yes. If you elected to have your Johnson Controls cash dividends applied toward the purchase of additional Johnson Controls shares, the Adient ordinary shares you receive in the distribution will be automatically enrolled
in the Adient dividend reinvestment plan sponsored by Wells Fargo (Adient's transfer agent and registrar), unless you notify Wells Fargo that you do not want to reinvest any Adient cash dividends in additional Adient ordinary shares. For contact
information for Wells Fargo, see "Description of Adient's Share Capital&#151;Transfer Agent and Registrar." 

 How many ordinary shares of Adient will I receive in the distribution? 
 
 You will receive one Adient ordinary share for every ten shares of Johnson Controls held by you as of the close of business on the record date for the distribution. Based on approximately 935 million outstanding
shares of Johnson Controls as of September 12, 2016, a total of approximately 93.5 million Adient ordinary shares will be distributed. For additional information on the distribution, see "The Separation and Distribution." 

 2 

 Table of Contents 

 Will Adient issue fractional shares in the distribution? 
 
 No. Adient will not issue fractional shares in the distribution. Fractional shares that Johnson Controls shareholders would otherwise have been entitled to receive will be aggregated and sold in the public market by the
distribution agent. The aggregate net cash proceeds of these sales will be distributed pro rata (based on the fractional share such holder would otherwise be entitled to receive) to those shareholders who would otherwise have been entitled to receive
fractional shares. Recipients of cash in lieu of fractional shares will not be entitled to any interest on the amounts of payment made in lieu of fractional shares. 

 What are the conditions to the distribution? 
 
 The distribution is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by Johnson Controls in its sole discretion) of the following conditions: 

 &#149; the transfer of assets and liabilities from
Johnson Controls to Adient shall be completed in accordance with the separation and distribution agreement; 

 &#149; Adient and its affiliates shall have completed
cash transfers to Johnson Controls totaling $3.0 billion in the aggregate, and Johnson Controls shall be satisfied that it has no liability under the financing transactions entered into by Adient in connection with the separation; 

 &#149; the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
or the SEC, shall have declared effective the registration statement of which this information statement forms a part, and this information statement shall have been made available to the Johnson Controls shareholders; 

 &#149; all actions or filings necessary or
appropriate under applicable U.S. federal, U.S. state or other securities laws shall have been taken and, where applicable, have become effective or been accepted by the applicable governmental entity; 

 &#149; the transaction agreements relating to the
separation shall have been duly executed and delivered by the parties; 

 &#149; no order, injunction, or decree issued by any
court of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of the separation, distribution or any of the related transactions shall be in effect; 

 &#149; the ordinary shares of Adient to be
distributed shall have been accepted for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to official notice of distribution; and 

 &#149; no other event or development shall exist or
have occurred that, in the judgment of the Johnson Controls board of directors, in its sole discretion, makes it inadvisable to effect the separation, distribution and other related transactions. 

 Johnson Controls and Adient cannot assure you that any or all of these conditions will be met and may also waive any of the conditions to the distribution. In addition, Johnson Controls can decline at any time to go
forward with the separation. For a complete discussion of all of the conditions to the distribution, see "The Separation and Distribution&#151;Conditions to the Distribution." 

 3 

 Table of Contents 

 What is the expected date of completion of the separation? 
 
 The completion and timing of the separation are dependent upon a number of conditions. It is expected that the ordinary shares of Adient will be distributed on October 31, 2016 to the holders of record of shares of
Johnson Controls at the close of business on October 19, 2016, the record date for the distribution. However, no assurance can be provided as to the timing of the separation or that all conditions to the distribution will be met. 

 Can Johnson Controls decide to cancel the distribution of Adient ordinary shares even if all the conditions have been met? 
 
 Yes. The distribution is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions. See the section entitled "The Separation and Distribution&#151;Conditions to the Distribution." Until the distribution has occurred,
Johnson Controls has the right to terminate the distribution, even if all of the conditions are satisfied. 

 What if I want to sell my Johnson Controls shares or my Adient ordinary shares? 
 
 You should consult with your financial advisors, such as your stockbroker, bank or tax advisor. 

 What is "regular-way" and "ex-distribution" trading of Johnson Controls shares? 
 
 Beginning on or shortly before the record date for the distribution and continuing up to and through the distribution date, it is expected that there will be two markets in Johnson Controls shares: a "regular-way" market
and an "ex-distribution" market. Shares of Johnson Controls that trade in the "regular-way" market will trade with an entitlement to Adient ordinary shares distributed pursuant to the distribution. Shares that trade in the "ex-distribution" market
will trade without an entitlement to Adient ordinary shares distributed pursuant to the distribution. If you decide to sell any shares of Johnson Controls before the distribution date, you should make sure your stockbroker, bank or other nominee
understands whether you want to sell your shares of Johnson Controls with or without your entitlement to Adient ordinary shares pursuant to the distribution. 

 Where will I be able to trade ordinary shares of Adient? 
 
 Adient has applied to list its ordinary shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "ADNT." Adient anticipates that trading in its ordinary shares will begin on a "when-issued" basis on October 17,
2016 and will continue up to and through the distribution date and that "regular-way" trading in Adient ordinary shares will begin on the first trading day following the completion of the separation. If trading begins on a "when-issued" basis,
you may purchase or sell Adient ordinary shares up to and through the distribution date, but your transaction will not settle until after the distribution date. Adient cannot predict the trading prices for its ordinary shares before, on or after the
distribution date. 

 What will happen to the listing of Johnson Controls shares? 
 
 Johnson Controls shares will continue to trade on the New York Stock Exchange after the distribution under the symbol "JCI." 

 Will the number of Johnson Controls shares that I own change as a result of the distribution? 
 
 No. The number of Johnson Controls shares that you own will not change as a result of the distribution. 

 4 

 Table of Contents 

 Will the distribution affect the market price of my Johnson Controls shares? 
 
 Yes. As a result of the distribution, Johnson Controls expects the trading price of Johnson Controls shares immediately following the distribution to be lower than the "regular-way" trading price of such shares
immediately prior to the distribution because the trading price will no longer reflect the value of the automotive seating and interiors businesses. There can be no assurance that the aggregate market value of the Johnson Controls shares and the
Adient ordinary shares following the separation will be higher or lower than the market value of Johnson Controls shares if the separation and distribution did not occur. This means, for example, that the combined trading prices of ten shares of
Johnson Controls and one Adient ordinary share after the distribution may be equal to, greater than or less than the trading price of ten Johnson Controls shares before the distribution. 

 What are the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the distribution? 
 
 The distribution will be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes. An amount equal to the fair market value of the Adient ordinary shares received by you in the distribution (including any fractional shares deemed
received and any ordinary shares withheld on account of any Irish withholding taxes) will be treated as a taxable dividend to the extent of your ratable share of current and accumulated earnings and profits of Johnson Controls for the taxable year of
the distribution. To the extent that the fair market value of such Adient ordinary shares exceeds your ratable share of such earnings and profits, any such excess will be treated first as a nontaxable return of capital to the extent of your tax basis
in Johnson Controls shares, and thereafter as capital gain recognized on a sale or exchange of such shares. You should consult your own tax advisor as to the particular consequences of the distribution to you, including the applicability and effect
of any U.S. federal, state and local tax laws, as well as any foreign tax laws. For more information regarding the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the distribution, see the section entitled "Material U.S. Federal Income Tax
Consequences." 

 What are the material Irish tax consequences of the separation? 
 
 Johnson Controls shareholders that are not resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland for Irish tax purposes and do not hold their shares in connection with a trade or business carried on by such shareholders through an
Irish branch or agency will not be subject to Irish tax on chargeable gains on the receipt of Adient ordinary shares or cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to the separation. Other Johnson Controls shareholders will not be subject to Irish tax
on chargeable gains on the receipt of new Adient ordinary shares pursuant to the distribution but will be subject to Irish tax on chargeable gains on the receipt of any cash in lieu of fractional shares. It is the established practice of the Irish
Revenue Commissioners to treat any distribution that may arise in connection with a transfer of assets by way of demerger and a related issue of ordinary shares by the transferee entity to holders of shares in the transferring entity as not being a
distribution taxable as income in the hands of the relevant shareholder. Accordingly, the distribution should not give rise to an Irish income tax liability for any holder of Johnson Controls ordinary shares. In addition, there should be no
requirement for Johnson 

 5 

 Table of Contents 

 Controls to account for Irish dividend withholding tax in respect of the distribution. However, Johnson Controls will not seek a specific confirmation from the Irish Revenue Commissioners in respect of the anticipated tax
treatment of the distribution. You should consult your own tax advisor as to the particular tax consequences to you. The Irish tax consequences of the separation are described in more detail under "Material Irish Income Tax Consequences." 

 What will Adient's relationship be with Johnson Controls following the separation? 
 
 Adient has entered into a separation and distribution agreement with Johnson Controls to effect the separation and provide a framework for Adient's relationship with Johnson Controls after the separation and has entered
into certain other agreements, such as a transition services agreement, a tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement and a transitional trademark license agreement. These agreements provide for the separation between Adient and Johnson
Controls of the assets, employees, liabilities and obligations (including its investments, property and employee benefits and tax-related assets and liabilities) of Johnson Controls and its subsidiaries attributable to periods prior to, at and after
Adient's separation from Johnson Controls and will govern the relationship between Adient and Johnson Controls subsequent to the completion of the separation. For additional information regarding the separation and distribution agreement and other
transaction agreements, see the sections entitled "Risk Factors&#151;Risks Related to the Separation" and "Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions." 

 Who will manage Adient after the separation? 
 
 Adient will benefit from a management team with an extensive background in the automotive seating and interiors businesses. Led by R. Bruce McDonald, who will be Adient's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer after the
separation, Adient's management team will possess deep knowledge of, and extensive experience in, its industry. For more information regarding Adient's management, see "Management." 

 Are there risks associated with owning Adient ordinary shares? 
 
 Yes. Ownership of Adient ordinary shares is subject to both general and specific risks relating to Adient's business, the industry in which it operates, the separation from Johnson Controls and Adient's status as a
separate, publicly traded company. These risks are described in the "Risk Factors" section of this information statement beginning on page 20. You are encouraged to read that section carefully. 

 Does Adient plan to pay dividends? 
 
 Adient currently expects that it will pay a regular cash dividend. The declaration and payment of any dividends in the future by Adient will be subject to the sole discretion of its board of directors and will depend upon
many factors. See "Dividend Policy." 

 6 

 Table of Contents 

 Will Adient incur any indebtedness prior to or at the time of the distribution? 
 
 Adient anticipates having approximately $3.5 billion of indebtedness upon completion of the separation. On the distribution date, Adient anticipates that the debt will consist of $1.5 billion of term loans under the
term loan and revolving credit facilities of Adient Global Holdings Ltd, which will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Adient after the separation and which we refer to as AGH, and $2.0 billion dollar equivalent of corporate bonds issued by
AGH. See "Description of Material Indebtedness" and "Risk Factors&#151;Risks Related to the Separation." 

 Who will be the distribution agent, transfer agent and registrar for the Adient ordinary shares? 
 
 The distribution agent, transfer agent and registrar for the Adient ordinary shares will be Wells Fargo. For questions relating to the transfer or mechanics of the share distribution, you should contact Wells Fargo toll
free at 866-927-3880. 

 Where can I find more information about Johnson Controls and Adient? 
 
 Before the distribution, if you have any questions relating to Johnson Controls' business performance, you should contact: 

 Johnson Controls 

 Shareholder Services X-76 

 5757 North Green Bay Ave. 

 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53209-4408 

 (800) 524-6220 

 After the distribution, Adient shareholders who have any questions relating to Adient's business performance should contact Adient at: 

 Adient 

 Attention: Adient Shareholder Services 

 833 East Michigan Street, Suite 1100 

 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 

 (844) 321-4326 

 The Adient investor Web site www.adient.com will be operational on or around the distribution date. 

 7 

 Table of Contents 

 INFORMATION STATEMENT SUMMARY 

 Except as otherwise indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, the information included in this
information statement about Adient assumes the completion of all of the transactions referred to in this information statement in connection with the separation and distribution. Unless the context
otherwise requires, references in this information statement to "Adient" refer to Adient Limited, currently a private limited company organized under the laws of Ireland, and its subsidiaries
or, after the re-registration of Adient Limited as a public limited company, Adient plc and its subsidiaries. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to Adient's historical
business and operations refer to the business and operations of Johnson Controls' automotive seating and interiors businesses as they were historically managed as part of Johnson Controls and its
subsidiaries prior to completion of the separation. References in this information statement to "Johnson Controls" refer to Johnson Controls, Inc., a Wisconsin corporation, and its subsidiaries
or, after the completion of the merger of Johnson Controls, Inc. with an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Tyco International plc, Johnson Controls International plc, a public
limited company organized under the laws of Ireland, and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. References in this information statement to the "separation" refer to the separation
of the automotive seating and interiors businesses from Johnson Controls and the creation, as a result of the distribution, of an independent, publicly traded company, Adient, which will hold the
assets and liabilities associated with the automotive seating and interiors businesses after the distribution. References in this information statement to the "distribution" refer to the dividend on
shares of Johnson Controls outstanding on the record date that will be satisfied by Adient's issuance of its ordinary shares to the persons entitled to receive the dividend. 

Business 

 Adient is the world's largest automotive seating supplier.* Adient has a leading market position in the Americas, Europe and China, and
has longstanding relationships with the largest global original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, in the automotive space. Adient's proprietary technologies extend into virtually every area of
automotive seating solutions, including complete seating systems, frames, mechanisms, foam, head restraints, armrests, trim covers and fabrics. Adient will be an independent seat supplier with global
scale and the capability to design, develop, engineer, manufacture and deliver complete seat systems and components in every major automotive producing region in the world. Adient also participates in
the automotive interiors market primarily through its joint venture in China, Yanfeng Global Automotive Interior Systems Co., Ltd., or YFAI. 

 The
current legal name of Adient is Adient Limited. Adient was incorporated under the laws of Ireland on June 24, 2016 as a private limited company, but will be
re-registered as a public limited company prior to the distribution. 

 Adient
designs, manufactures and markets a full range of seating systems and components for passenger cars, commercial vehicles and light trucks, including vans, pick-up trucks and
sport/crossover utility vehicles. Adient also supplies high performance seating systems to the international motorsports industry through its award winning RECARO brand of products. Adient operates
approximately 230 wholly- and majority-owned manufacturing or assembly facilities, with operations in 33 countries. Additionally, Adient has partially-owned affiliates in China, Asia, Europe and North
America. 

 Adient's
business model is focused on developing and maintaining long-term customer relationships, which has allowed Adient to successfully grow with leading global OEMs, including BMW,
Daimler AG, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, Ford Motor Company, General Motors Company, Honda Motor Company, Hyundai Motor Company, Jaguar Land Rover, Kia Motor Company, Mazda Motor Company, Mitsubishi
Motors, Nissan Motor Company, PSA Peugeot Citroen, Renault, Suzuki, Toyota Motor Corporation, Volkswagen AG and Volvo. Adient also supplies most of the growing regional OEMs such as BAIC
Motor Co., Ltd., Brilliance Auto Group, Changan Automobile (Group) Co., Ltd., 

 * Based
on production volumes. Source: IHS Automotive 
 
 8 

 Table of Contents 

 FAW
Group Corporation, Great Wall Motors Company Limited, SAIC Motor Corporation Limited, Tata Motors Limited and Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co., Ltd and newer auto manufacturers such
as Tesla Motors, Inc. Adient and its engineers work closely with customers as vehicle platforms are developed, which results in close ties with key decision makers at OEM customers. 

 In
fiscal 2015, 50% of Adient's consolidated revenue was derived from the Americas, 39% from Europe and Africa, 8% from Asia Pacific and 3% from China. Adient's unconsolidated revenue
was primarily from joint ventures in China. Adient's regional balance is evident when Adient's consolidated and unconsolidated sales are viewed together. 

 In
fiscal 2015, 29% of Adient's consolidated revenue was attributable to European OEMs, 27% to Japanese and Korean OEMs, 5% to Chinese OEMs and 34% to North American
OEMs. This balanced portfolio has allowed Adient to effectively manage OEM share gains and losses and has provided protection against regional economic cycles. 

 9 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient
has a leading market share position in China with a portfolio of successful joint venture partnerships with key Chinese OEM partners. Adient is the largest supplier of
"just-in-time" seating in China.* Adient operates through 17 joint ventures and has 60 manufacturing locations in 32 cities, which are supported by additional technical centers. Adient participates in
the automotive interiors market through its approximately 30% equity interest in YFAI. YFAI is one of the largest suppliers of automotive interiors, generating revenue through the sale of instrument
panels, floor consoles, door panels, overhead consoles, cockpit systems, decorative trim and other products. YFAI supplies automotive interior products to a majority of the world's major OEMs. For the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, Adient's unconsolidated joint ventures generated approximately $295 million in aggregate equity income and paid cash dividends to Adient of
approximately $193 million in the aggregate. 

 Cash Dividends and Equity Income from Joint Ventures 

 &#134; Includes
$106 million and $3 million of non-cash gains related to fair value adjustments of Adient's existing equity investments in
FY2013 and FY2012, respectively. No such gains existed in FY2015, FY2014 and FY2011. 

 For
the nine months ended June 30, 2016, Adient generated revenue of $12.9 billion, as compared to revenue of $15.9 billion generated for the nine months ended
June 30, 2015. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, Adient generated revenue of $20.1 billion, as compared to revenue of $22.0 billion generated for the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2014. The lower revenue in the first three quarters of fiscal year 2016 and for the full fiscal year 2015 compared to the corresponding prior periods results primarily
from the completion of the YFAI joint venture on July 2, 2015 and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation. 

Competitive Strengths 

 Adient possesses a number of competitive advantages that distinguish it from its competitors, including: 

 &#149; Global Market Leadership. Adient has leading market
shares in the automotive seating markets in North America and Europe, and a leading market share in China, the world's largest and one of the fastest-growing automotive markets. Management estimates
Adient's automotive seating market share to be at least 35% in both North America and Europe. IHS Automotive estimates Adient's automotive seating market share to be approximately 45% in China,
which is greater than any of Adient's competitors. 

 * Based
on production volumes. Source: IHS Automotive 
 
 10 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; Longstanding Customer Relationships with Leading Global
OEMs. Adient does business with all major global OEM customers, and in many cases, works closely with those customers to develop a
seating solution integrated into the overall vehicle appearance and architecture. As a result, the people and businesses of Adient have been recognized for their leadership by many awards from the
industry and from customers, including: 

 &#149; 2015 Hyundai-Kia Technology 5 Star certification to Johnson Controls Automotive Korea for achieving the highest level of
research and development; 
 &#149; 2015 J.D. Power Award Highest Quality Seating in three vehicle segments: the luxury SUV segment for the Land Rover
Evoque, the mass market midsize/large car segment for the Kia Cadenza and the mass market midsize/large SUV segment for the Hyundai Santa Fe; 
 &#149; 2015 Toyota Superior Toyota New Global Architecture Promotion Award for developing a next-generation front seat structure
meeting Toyota's increased safety requirements and reducing weight, complexity of components and costs; 
 &#149; 2015 Automotive Interiors Expo Supplier of the Year (second time), as determined by an independent panel of international
automobile journalists; 
 &#149; 2015 Nissan Japan Regional Quality Award to Johnson Controls Japan (second consecutive year); 
 &#149; 2014 General Motors Supplier of the Year Award and Overdrive Award (fifth time) for, among other things, its
collaboration with General Motors to execute continuous improvement and deliver sustainable value in General Motors' seats; 
 &#149; 2014 FCA US LLC Diversity Supplier Development Supplier of the Year and Technical Cost Reduction Supplier of the
Year; 
 &#149; 2014 J.D. Power Award Highest Quality Seating in three vehicle segments: the luxury SUV segment for the Land Rover Evoque
and the Porsche Cayenne, the mass market truck/van segment for the Ford F-150 Light Duty and the F-250/350 Super Duty trucks and the mass market midsize/large SUV segment for the Honda Pilot; 
 &#149; 2014 J.D. Power Award Highest Quality Seating in the mass market truck/van vehicle segment for the Toyota Tacoma and
Toyota Tundra awarded to Avanzar Interior Technologies, Ltd, a joint venture of Adient; 
 &#149; 25 awards in 2014 from 11 OEM customers in China, including Excellence Supplier Award, Top 10 Supplier Award, Quality
Award, Truck Excellence Supplier Award and Supply Chain Integration Award; 
 &#149; 2013 Minority Manufacturer of the Year award to Bridgewater Interiors, a joint venture of Adient, an award by the U.S.
Department of Commerce's Minority Business Development Agency; 
 &#149; 2013 J.D. Power Award Highest Quality Seating in two vehicle segments: the mass market midsize/large SUVs for the Toyota
Venza and Hyundai Santa Fe and the mass market trucks/vans for the Ford F-250/350 Super Duty; and 
 &#149; 28 awards in 2013 from 20 OEM customers in China, including Excellence Supplier Award, Top 10 Supplier Award, Region
Quality Award, Excellent Quality Award and Logistics Development Award. 
 
 &#149; Extensive Global Manufacturing Footprint and Functional
Expertise. Adient operates a global network of approximately 230 manufacturing plants in 33 countries that supplies automotive
OEMs with complete seats, modules and components. In fiscal 2015, the businesses that will constitute Adient delivered more than 25 million seat systems on a "just-in-time or
in-sequence" 

 11 

 Table of Contents 

 basis
globally. Those businesses supplied seating systems on more than 360 nameplates to 40 different OEMs. 

 &#149; Global Development Network. Adient's worldwide
engineering network includes ten core development centers, which employ more than 5,600 employees who work in focused engineering development teams worldwide. These development centers utilize a
globally consistent approach to the process for developing seating products. By leveraging a network of subject matter technical experts, Adient is able to efficiently implement best practices and
improve product cost and quality. 
 &#149; Strong Platform for Global Growth. Adient's global
platform creates multiple opportunities for growth, including market share expansion in seating and seating components, regional growth opportunities, vertical integration and business expansion.
Adient believes that as a vertically integrated supplier with global scale and strong design, engineering and lean manufacturing capabilities in both complete seat systems and components, it is well
positioned to benefit from these opportunities. 
 &#149; Experienced Leadership Team with Proven Track
Record. Adient has a strong, highly capable global management team with extensive experience both within the industry and with Adient.
Adient's leadership draws experience from several industrial manufacturing industries, including automotive. Senior leadership is also globally diverse and combines regional understanding of the
automotive supply market with a global perspective. 

Business Strategy 

 Adient seeks to grow its business through the following strategies, among others: 

 &#149; Strong Cash Flow Generation. Adient expects to generate
strong cash flows following the separation. It will use this cash flow generation initially to support debt service. The anticipated free cash flow generated by Adient should allow it to pay down debt
and invest in the business to support organic growth. Excess cash flow could also allow Adient to pursue other alternatives, including new capital investment projects, strategic acquisitions and the
return of capital to shareholders through a combination of dividends and/or share repurchases. However, there can be no guarantee that Adient will pay dividends in a timely manner, or at all, or that
Adient will repurchase any of its shares or the price at which any such repurchase may occur. 
 &#149; Maintain Customer Focus and Commercial
Management. Through dedicated customer teams, Adient maintains close relationships with its global OEM customers. These relationships
enable Adient to clearly understand its customers' needs so that it is positioned to meet its customers' requirements. Adient's customer teams lead the new business acquisition process, which ensures
alignment with Adient's product, process and manufacturing strategies. These teams partner with customers in identifying optimal product solutions to meet product demand, and also lead commercial
negotiations with Adient's customers. Adient believes that its commercial teams excel at balancing these commercial topics to find "win / win" solutions for the customer and for Adient and intends to
continue this approach after the separation. 
 &#149; Drive Product Innovation and Process Leadership. Adient
has a strong record for developing winning product and process technologies over many years, which has created a competitive advantage for Adient and its customers. Management expects to increase
investment in innovation following the separation. Recent product innovation examples include: 

 &#149; T3000 recliner, which offers increased seating recliner strength in a smaller, lighter weight package as compared to
Adient's previous generation product; and 
 &#149; Vibratech foam, which provides less vibration transmittance to the occupant which reduces fatigue and results in superior
long- and short-term comfort in the seat, as compared to a 

 12 

 Table of Contents 

 traditional
foam cushion (as measured using the industry's Seating Effective Amplitude Transmissibility test). 

 Adient
utilizes a Global Core Product Portfolio, or CPP, strategy for part and design reuse in all of its product applications. Adient intends to continue investing in its core product portfolio to
sustain and expand its market success and to leverage its existing modular and scalable systems and interchangeable components. Through the CPP strategy, Adient provides high quality products for its
customers with market competitive cost and mass (low weight to improve fuel economy) while meeting their performance requirements. Adient intends to continue using CPP to advance Adient's lean
manufacturing initiatives by providing standard, flexible processes that reduce complexity, inventory and floor space. This will yield reductions in development time, product cost and investment. 

 &#149; Further Strengthen Leadership Position in China. Adient
has an advantaged position in China established through strategic partnerships it developed as an early market entrant. Adient is the largest supplier of "just-in-time" seating in China.* It operates
through 17 joint ventures with 60 manufacturing locations in 32 cities, which are supported by additional technical centers. Adient's strong position with European and American automakers is
complemented by partnerships with all major auto groups in China, which has resulted in Adient's broad market penetration relative to seating competitors and market leadership in the industry's
largest and one of the fastest-growing markets. Adient leverages its operating expertise and innovation capabilities developed worldwide to further support its growth in China. Adient expects revenues
in China to continue to grow as the automotive market there continues to expand. 
 &#149; Leverage Operational Efficiencies. Adient intends to
maintain high capacity utilization and increase its efficiency through continued use of standardized manufacturing processes, which represent a core competency. These standardized manufacturing
processes allow Adient to deliver exceptional quality levels and minimize waste. Adient achieves scale advantages through a global manufacturing footprint and an integrated supply chain. Adient
fosters an environment of continuous improvement and identifies best business practices through the analysis of process and cost metrics, which are then shared globally throughout Adient's
manufacturing network. Adient's focus on global operational efficiencies will also be applied to its corporate cost structure, which Adient expects will produce a lean corporate overhead structure.
Adient believes that maintaining a lean and operationally efficient process throughout the organization will enable it to be a market leader in cost and that this will result in increased customer
satisfaction and margin expansion. Adient also intends to continue streamlining the mechanisms and structures operations, which are capital intensive with long lead times and designs that span
multiple vehicle platforms. Adient has made progress integrating product and process technologies across metal structures and mechanisms; however, opportunities still exist to streamline the product
and process portfolio. 

Industry 

 The Automotive Seating industry provides OEMs with complete seats on a "just-in-time or in-sequence" basis. Seats are assembled
to specific order and delivered on a predetermined schedule directly to an automotive assembly line. The components for these complete seat assemblies such as seating foam, metal structures, fabrics,
seat covers and seat mechanisms are shipped to Adient or competitor seating assembly plants. Adient is the world's largest* in complete seat assembly and one of the largest in all major seating
components, operating manufacturing plants that produce seating foam, metal structures, fabrics, seat covers and seat mechanisms. 

 * Based
on production volumes. Source: IHS Automotive 
 
 13 

 Table of Contents 

 Overall,
Adient expects long-term growth of vehicle sales and production in the OEM market. The industry has experienced growth over the past few years in nearly all geographic regions
with the exceptions being South America and Japan/Korea, where vehicle production has declined over the same period. Vehicle production increased by 3% in Europe, 2% in Greater China, 1% in South Asia
and 4% in North America, and decreased by 16% in South America and 5% in Japan/Korea in fiscal year 2015, in each case as compared to fiscal year 2014. 

 Demand
for automotive parts in the OEM market is generally a function of the number of new vehicles produced, which is primarily driven by macro-economic factors such as credit
availability, interest rates, fuel prices, consumer confidence, employment and other trends. Although OEM demand is tied to actual vehicle production, participants in the automotive supplier industry
also have the opportunity to grow through increasing product content per vehicle by further penetrating business with existing customers and in existing markets, gaining new customers and increasing
their presence in
global markets. Adient believes that, as a company with a global presence and advanced technology, engineering, manufacturing and customer support capabilities, it is well positioned to benefit from
these opportunities. In addition, Adient expects to leverage these capabilities to pursue future growth in adjacent markets. 

Sourcing Patterns by OEMs 

 Most OEMs have adopted global vehicle platforms to increase standardization, reduce per unit cost and increase capital
efficiency and profitability. In seating, three sourcing patterns have emerged over the past five years: 

 1. Core seat structures : By developing common front seat frames and mechanisms across multiple
vehicle platforms, OEMs are reducing costs.
 2. Component sourcing : Several OEMs have shifted from sourcing a complete seating system to
a components approach where the OEM sources each of the different components of the seat and seating assembly as separate business awards.
 3. Engineering "in-sourcing" : Some OEMs are conducting the design and engineering internally
and are selecting suppliers that have the capability to manufacture products on a worldwide basis and adapt to regional variations. 

 Adient
believes that as a supplier with global scale and strong design, engineering and lean manufacturing capabilities in both complete seat systems and components it is well positioned
to benefit from these opportunities. 
 
 14 

 Table of Contents 

Shorter Product Development Cycles 

 As a result of new safety and environmental regulations, as well as a trend of more rapid customer preference changes, OEMs are
requiring suppliers to respond faster with new designs and product innovations. Although these trends are more significant in mature markets, emerging markets are moving rapidly towards the regulatory
standards and consumer preferences of the more mature markets. Suppliers with strong technologies, robust global engineering and development capabilities will be best positioned to meet OEM demands
for rapid innovation. 

Summary of Risk Factors 

 An investment in Adient ordinary shares is subject to a number of risks, including risks relating to Adient's business, risks related
to the separation and risks related to Adient ordinary shares. Set forth below are some, but not all, of these risks. Please read the information in the section entitled "Risk Factors" for a more
thorough description of these and other risks. 

Risks Related to Adient's Business 

 &#149; Adient operates in the highly competitive automotive supply industry. 
 &#149; The cyclicality of original equipment automobile production rates may adversely affect Adient's results of operations. 
 &#149; Adient may incur material losses and costs as a result of warranty claims and product liability actions that may be brought against
Adient. 
 &#149; Risks associated with Adient's non-U.S. operations could adversely affect Adient's business, financial condition and results of
operations. 
 &#149; Risks associated with joint venture partnerships may adversely affect Adient's business and financial results. 
 &#149; Risks related to Adient's defined benefit retirement plans may adversely impact Adient's results of operations and cash flow. 
 &#149; Adient may be unable to realize the expected benefits of its restructuring actions, which could adversely affect its profitability and
operations. 
 &#149; Adient's inability to achieve product cost reductions which offset customer-imposed price reductions could adversely affect Adient's
financial performance. 
 &#149; Increases in the costs and restrictions on the availability of raw materials, energy, commodities and product components could
adversely affect Adient's financial performance. 
 &#149; The loss of business with respect to, or the lack of commercial success of, a vehicle model for which Adient is a significant supplier
could adversely affect Adient's financial performance. 
 &#149; Adient's profitability and results of operations may be adversely affected by program launch difficulties. 

Risks Related to the Separation 

 &#149; Adient has no history operating as an independent company. Adient may be unable to make, on a timely or cost-effective basis, the
changes necessary to operate as an independent company, and Adient may experience increased costs after the separation. 
 &#149; Adient's historical and pro forma financial information is not necessarily representative of the results that it would have achieved
as a separate, publicly traded company and may not be a reliable indicator of its future results. 
 &#149; Adient's accounting and other management systems and resources may not be adequately prepared to meet the financial reporting and
other requirements to which Adient will be subject following the separation and distribution. 

 15 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; It is expected that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the distribution will be taxable to Johnson Controls shareholders. 
 &#149; Adient may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the separation, and the separation may adversely affect Adient's
business. 
 &#149; In connection with Adient's separation from Johnson Controls, Adient will incur debt obligations that could adversely affect Adient's
business, profitability and its ability to meet Adient's obligations. 

Risks Related to Adient Ordinary Shares 

 &#149; Adient cannot be certain that an active trading market for its ordinary shares will develop or be sustained after the separation, and
following the separation, Adient's share price may fluctuate significantly. 
 &#149; A number of Adient ordinary shares are or will be eligible for future sale, which may cause Adient's share price to decline. 
 &#149; Adient cannot guarantee the timing, amount or payment of dividends on its ordinary shares. 
 &#149; Certain provisions in Adient's articles of association, among other things, could prevent or delay an acquisition of Adient, which
could decrease the trading price of Adient ordinary shares. 
 &#149; As an Irish public limited company, certain capital structure decisions will require shareholder approval, which may limit Adient's
flexibility to manage its capital structure. 
 &#149; The laws of Ireland differ from the laws in effect in the United States and may afford less protection to holders of Adient
securities. 
 &#149; The Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") may not agree that Adient is a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes. 
 &#149; Adient's status as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes and its U.S. tax liabilities could be affected by a change in
law. 
 &#149; Future changes to U.S. and non-U.S. tax laws could adversely affect Adient. 
 &#149; Transfers of Adient ordinary shares may be subject to Irish stamp duty, which could increase the cost of dealing in Adient ordinary
shares. 

The Separation and Distribution 

 On July 24, 2015, Johnson Controls announced its intent to separate its automotive seating and interiors businesses into an
independent, publicly traded company&#151;Adient. To implement the separation, Johnson Controls will transfer its automotive seating and interiors businesses to Adient, and in return, Adient
will issue its ordinary shares to Johnson Controls shareholders, pro rata to their respective holdings. 

 On January 24, 2016, Johnson Controls, Inc. entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Tyco International plc and certain other parties named therein.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, on September 2, 2016, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Tyco merged with and into Johnson Controls, Inc., with Johnson Controls, Inc.
surviving as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Tyco. The combined company is now named "Johnson Controls International plc" and trades under the ticker "JCI." As a result, former
shareholders of both Johnson Controls, Inc. and Tyco who hold shares of the combined company as of the October 19, 2016 record date will receive Adient ordinary shares in the
distribution. References to "Johnson Controls" in this information statement therefore refer to Johnson Controls, Inc. prior to the merger and refer to Johnson Controls International plc after the
merger.

 16 

 Table of Contents 

 On September 8, 2016, the Johnson Controls board of directors approved the transfer of Johnson Controls' automotive seating and interiors businesses to Adient in return for Adient
issuing ordinary shares to Johnson Controls shareholders on the basis of one Adient ordinary share for every ten Johnson Controls shares held as of the close of business on October 19, 2016,
the record date for the distribution.

Adient's Post-Separation Relationship with Johnson Controls 

 Adient has entered into a separation and distribution agreement with Johnson Controls, which is referred to in this information
statement as the separation agreement or the separation and distribution agreement. In connection with the separation, Adient has also entered into various other agreements to effect the separation
and provide a framework for its relationship with Johnson Controls after the separation, such as a transition services agreement, a tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement and a
transitional trademark license agreement. These agreements provide for the allocation between Adient and Johnson Controls of Johnson Controls' assets, employees, liabilities and obligations (including
its investments, property and employee benefits and tax-related assets and liabilities) attributable to periods prior to, at and after Adient's separation from Johnson Controls and will govern certain
relationships between Adient and Johnson Controls after the separation. For additional information regarding the separation agreement and other transaction agreements, see the sections entitled "Risk
Factors&#151;Risks Related to the Separation" and "Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions."

Reasons for the Separation 

 The Johnson Controls board of directors believes that the creation of two independent public companies, with Adient operating Johnson
Controls' automotive seating and interiors businesses, and the new Johnson Controls operating the building efficiency and power solutions businesses, is in the best interests of Johnson Controls and
its shareholders for a number of reasons, including that such separation is expected to: 

 &#149; enhance the ability of management of each company to focus on their respective businesses and unique opportunities for long-term
growth and profitability and to allocate capital and corporate resources in a manner that focuses on achieving each company's own strategic priorities; 
 &#149; provide each company with increased flexibility to pursue acquisitions and other strategic alternatives without having to consider the
potential impact on the businesses of the other company; 
 &#149; create two independent capital structures that will afford each company direct access to the debt and equity capital markets to fund
their respective growth strategies and to establish an appropriate capital structure for their business needs, and to enable Adient and its affiliates to transfer to Johnson Controls approximately
$3.0 billion in cash prior to the distribution to fund inorganic and organic growth as needed; 
 &#149; enhance each company's flexibility to establish appropriate compensation policies, including non-cash, equity-based compensation
policies that reflect the performance of its operations and are designed to attract and retain skilled employees; and 
 &#149; allow investors to evaluate the separate investment identities of each company, including the distinct merits, performance and future
prospects of their respective businesses. 

 The
Johnson Controls board of directors also considered a number of potentially negative factors in evaluating the separation, including the potential loss of operational synergies from
operating as a consolidated entity; the potential loss of joint purchasing power; the potential exposure to operating in fewer industries reducing the ability to mitigate downturns in one business
against the others; potential 
 
 17 

 Table of Contents 

 disruptions
to the company's businesses as a result of the spin-off, such as information technology disruptions; the risk that Johnson Controls would not achieve the expected benefits of the
separation; execution risks; the potential impact on both companies' abilities to demonstrate civic and charitable
leadership in their respective communities; and one-time costs. However, the Johnson Controls board of directors concluded that the potential benefits of the separation outweighed these factors. For
more information, see the sections entitled "The Separation and Distribution&#151;Reasons for the Separation" and "Risk Factors" included elsewhere in this information statement. 

Transaction Structure 

Formation of Adient 

 Adient was incorporated under the laws of Ireland for the purpose of holding Johnson Controls' automotive seating and interiors
businesses in connection with the separation and distribution described herein. Prior to the transfer of this business to Adient, which will occur prior to the distribution, Adient will have no
operations other than those incidental to its formation and in preparation for the separation. 

Adient Corporate Information 

 The address of Adient's principal executive offices is 25-28 North Wall Quay, IFSC, Dublin 1, Ireland. Adient maintains
an Internet site at www.adient.com . Adient's corporate offices will be located in Plymouth, Michigan; Milwaukee, Wisconsin; Burscheid, Germany; and
Shanghai, China. Adient's website and the information contained therein or connected thereto shall not be deemed to be incorporated herein, and you should not rely on any such information in making an
investment decision. 

Reason for Furnishing this Information Statement 

 This information statement is being furnished solely to provide information to shareholders of Johnson Controls who will receive Adient
ordinary shares in the distribution. It is not to be construed as an inducement or encouragement to buy or sell any of Adient's securities. The information contained in this information statement is
believed by Adient to be accurate as of the date set forth on its cover. Changes may occur after that date and neither Johnson Controls nor Adient will update the information except in the normal
course of their respective disclosure obligations and practices, except as required by applicable law. 

 This
document is not a prospectus within the meaning of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland, the Prospectus Directive (2003/71/EC) Regulations 2005 of Ireland (as amended) or the
Prospectus Rules issued by the Central Bank of Ireland. No offer of shares to the public is made, or will be made, that requires the publication of a prospectus pursuant to Irish prospectus law within
the meaning of the above legislation. This document has not been approved or reviewed by or registered with the Central Bank of Ireland or any other competent authority or regulatory authority in the
European Economic Area. This document does not constitute investment advice or the provision of investment services within the meaning of the European Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments)
Regulations 2007 of Ireland (as amended) or the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (2004/39/EC). Neither Johnson Controls nor Adient is an authorized investment firm within the meaning
of the European Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2007 of Ireland (as amended) or the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (2004/39/EC) and the recipients of this
document should seek independent legal and financial advice in determining their actions in respect of or pursuant to this document. 
 
 18 

 Table of Contents 

Summary Historical and Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Data 

 The following summary financial data reflects the combined operations of Adient. Adient derived the summary combined income statement
data for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 and summary combined balance sheet data as of June 30, 2016, as set forth below, from its unaudited combined financial statements,
which are included in the "Index to Financial Statements" section of this information statement. Adient derived the summary combined income statement data for the fiscal years ended
September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, and summary combined balance sheet data as of September 30, 2015 and 2014, as set forth below, from its audited combined financial statements, which
are included in the "Index to Financial Statements" section of this information statement. Adient derived the summary combined income statement for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2012 and
2011 and summary combined balance sheet data as of June 30, 2015 and September 30, 2013, 2012 and 2011 from Adient's underlying financial records, which were derived from the financial
records of Johnson Controls and are not included in this information statement. The historical results do not necessarily indicate the results expected for any future period. To ensure a full
understanding of this summary financial data, you should read the summary combined financial data presented below in conjunction with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" and the combined financial statements and accompanying notes included in the "Index to Financial Statements" section of this information statement. 

 The
summary unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial data for the nine-month period ended June 30, 2016 and the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 has been
prepared to reflect the separation and the operating and other agreements to be entered into by Johnson Controls and Adient. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined income statement data assumes
the spin-off occurred on October 1, 2014. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet data assumes the spin-off occurred on June 30, 2016. The assumptions used and pro forma
adjustments derived from such assumptions are based on currently available information and Adient believes such assumptions are reasonable under the circumstances. 

 The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements are not necessarily indicative of Adient's results of operations or financial condition had the distribution and its
anticipated post-separation capital structure been completed on the date assumed. Also, they may not reflect the results of operations or financial condition that would have resulted had Adient been
operating as an independent, publicly traded company during such periods. In addition, they are not necessarily indicative of its future results of operations or financial condition. 

 The combined financial statements have been prepared for the purposes of this registration statement and do not constitute statutory accounts within the meaning of the Companies Act 2014
of Ireland (as amended). Adient will prepare its first statutory financial statements in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended) and these will be filed with
the Irish Registrar of Companies when issued by Adient's directors.

 You
should read this summary financial data together with "Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements," "Capitalization," "Selected Historical Combined Financial Data of
Adient," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the combined financial statements and accompanying notes included in this information statement. 
 
 19 

 Table of Contents 

 As of or for the Nine Months Ended 
June 30, 
 
 As of or for the Fiscal Year Ended 
September 30, 

 Pro forma 
2016 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Pro forma 
2015 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 

 (unaudited) 
 
 (unaudited) 
 
 (unaudited) 
 
 (unaudited) 

 (unaudited) 
 
 (unaudited) 

 Statement of Operations: (dollars in millions) 

 Net sales(1) 

$ 
 12,893 

$ 
 12,893 

$ 
 15,909 

$ 
 20,071 

$ 
 20,071 

$ 
 22,041 

$ 
 20,470 

$ 
 19,986 

$ 
 18,776 

 Gross profit 

 1,244 

 1,244 

 1,470 

 1,852 

 1,852 

 1,953 

 1,575 

 1,501 

 1,496 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

 (589 
 ) 
 
 (820 
 ) 
 
 (906 
 ) 
 
 (1,150 
 ) 
 
 (1,131 
 ) 
 
 (1,308 
 ) 
 
 (1,203 
 ) 
 
 (1,079 
 ) 
 
 (1,065 
 ) 

 Gain (loss) on business divestitures&#151;net 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 137 

 137 

 (86 
 ) 
 
 29 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Restructuring and impairment costs 

 (244 
 ) 
 
 (244 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (182 
 ) 
 
 (182 
 ) 
 
 (158 
 ) 
 
 (280 
 ) 
 
 (143 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Net financing charges 

 (102 
 ) 
 
 (8 
 ) 
 
 (11 
 ) 
 
 (138 
 ) 
 
 (12 
 ) 
 
 (15 
 ) 
 
 (10 
 ) 
 
 (22 
 ) 
 
 (16 
 ) 

 Equity income 

 260 

 260 

 225 

 295 

 295 

 284 

 302 

 211 

 201 

 Income before income taxes 

 569 

 432 

 778 

 814 

 959 

 670 

 413 

 468 

 616 

 Income tax provision(2) 

 1,019 

 1,027 

 134 

 384 

 418 

 296 

 168 

 131 

 172 

 Net income (loss) 

 (450 
 ) 
 
 (595 
 ) 
 
 644 

 430 

 541 

 374 

 245 

 337 

 444 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 61 

 61 

 53 

 66 

 66 

 67 

 58 

 70 

 76 

 Net income (loss) attributable to Adient(3) 

$ 
 (511 
 ) 

$ 
 (656 
 ) 

$ 
 591 

$ 
 364 

$ 
 475 

$ 
 307 

$ 
 187 

$ 
 267 

$ 
 368 

 Balance Sheet Data: (dollars in millions) 

 Total assets 

$ 
 10,800 

$ 
 10,232 

$ 
 11,257 

 n/a 

$ 
 10,437 

$ 
 11,206 

$ 
 11,387 

$ 
 10,669 

$ 
 10,427 

 Working capital(4) 

 322 

 (201 
 ) 
 
 103 

 n/a 

 (205 
 ) 
 
 (436 
 ) 
 
 (430 
 ) 
 
 (51 
 ) 
 
 (290 
 ) 

 Long-term debt 

 3,563 

 29 

 38 

 n/a 

 35 

 46 

 58 

 75 

 84 

 Total debt 

 3,592 

 58 

 98 

 n/a 

 59 

 156 

 138 

 128 

 179 

 Invested equity attributable to Adient 

 2,084 

 4,848 

 5,800 

 n/a 

 5,626 

 5,453 

 5,582 

 5,558 

 5,204 

 Total debt to capitalization(5) 

 63 
 % 
 
 1 
 % 
 
 2 
 % 
 
 n/a 

 1 
 % 
 
 3 
 % 
 
 2 
 % 
 
 2 
 % 
 
 3 
 % 

 Other Data: (dollars in millions) 

 Capital expenditures 

$ 
 312 

$ 
 312 

$ 
 369 

$ 
 478 

$ 
 478 

$ 
 624 

$ 
 659 

$ 
 609 

$ 
 566 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 253 

 253 

 266 

 347 

 347 

 437 

 450 

 416 

 366 

 Employees at period end 

 74,000 

 74,000 

 92,000 

 76,000 

 76,000 

 88,000 

 89,000 

 89,000 

 81,000 

 (1) On
July 2, 2015, Adient completed its global automotive interiors joint venture with Yangfeng Automotive Trim Systems and deconsolidated the
contributed interiors business since that date resulting in lower consolidated net sales in subsequent periods. Refer to "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" for more information on the impact of this transaction on consolidated net sales.
 (2) In
the nine months ended June 30, 2016, $85 million of tax expense relates to a non-recurring non-cash tax charge related to changes in entity tax status
associated with the proposed separation and $778 million of tax expense relates to the one-time non-cash change in assertion over permanently reinvested earnings as a result of the separation. In the
nine months ended June 30, 2015, $75 million of tax expense relates to a non-cash charge for Adient's change in assertion over permanently reinvested earnings associated with the
Interiors joint venture transaction.
 (3) Net
income attributable to Adient includes $6 million, $50 million, $13 million, $37 million and $1 million of net mark-to-market charges on pension
and postretirement plans in fiscal year 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.
 (4) Working
capital is defined as current assets less current liabilities.
 (5) Total
debt to capitalization represents total debt divided by the sum of total debt and invested equity attributable to Adient. 

 20 

 Table of Contents 

 RISK FACTORS 

 You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this information statement in
evaluating Adient and Adient ordinary shares. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect Adient's business, financial condition or results of operations. The risk factors
generally have been separated into three groups: risks related to Adient's business, risks related to the separation and risks related to Adient ordinary shares. 

Risks Related to Adient's Business 

General economic, credit and capital market conditions could adversely affect Adient's financial
performance, Adient's ability to grow or sustain its businesses and Adient's ability to access the capital markets. 

 Adient competes around the world in various geographic regions and product markets. Global economic conditions affect Adient's
business. As discussed in greater detail below, any future financial distress in the industries and/or markets where Adient competes could negatively affect Adient's revenues and financial performance
in future periods, result in future restructuring charges, and adversely impact Adient's ability to grow or sustain its businesses. 

 The
capital and credit markets provide Adient with liquidity to operate and grow its business beyond the liquidity that operating cash flows provide. A worldwide economic downturn and/or
disruption of the credit markets could reduce Adient's access to capital necessary for its operations and executing its strategic plan. If Adient's access to capital were to become constrained
significantly, or if costs of capital increased significantly, due to lowered credit ratings, prevailing industry conditions, the volatility of the capital markets or other factors, Adient's financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

 The
U.K.'s referendum to leave the European Union, which we refer to as "Brexit," has and may continue to cause disruptions to capital and currency markets worldwide. The full impact of
the Brexit decision, however, remains uncertain. A process of negotiation will determine the future terms of the U.K.'s relationship with the European Union. During this period of negotiation,
Adient's results of operations and access to capital may be negatively affected by interest rate, exchange rate and other market and economic volatility, as well as regulatory and political
uncertainty. Brexit may also have a detrimental effect on Adient's customers and suppliers, which would, in turn, adversely affect Adient's revenues and financial condition. 

Adient operates in the highly competitive automotive supply industry. 

 The global automotive component supply industry is highly competitive. Competition is based primarily on price, technology, quality,
delivery and overall customer service.
There can be no assurance that Adient's products will be able to compete successfully with the products of Adient's competitors. Furthermore, the rapidly evolving nature of the markets in which Adient
competes may attract new entrants. Additionally, consolidation in the automotive industry may lead to decreased product purchases from Adient. As a result, Adient's sales levels and margins could be
adversely affected by pricing pressures from OEMs and pricing actions of competitors. These factors may lead to selective resourcing of business to competitors. In addition, any of Adient's
competitors may foresee the course of market development more accurately than Adient, develop products that are superior to Adient's products, produce similar products at a lower cost than Adient, or
adapt more quickly than Adient to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. As a result, Adient's products may not be able to compete successfully with its competitors' products and Adient
may not be able to meet the growing demands of customers. These trends may adversely affect Adient's sales as well as the profit margins on Adient's products. 

 21 

 Table of Contents 

Unfavorable changes in the condition of the global automotive industry may adversely affect Adient's
results of operations. 

 Adient's financial performance will depend, in part, on conditions in the automotive industry. If automakers experience a decline in
the number of new vehicle sales, Adient may experience reductions in orders from these customers, incur write-offs of accounts receivable, incur impairment charges or require additional restructuring
actions beyond its current restructuring plans, particularly if any of the automakers cannot adequately fund their operations or experience financial distress. In addition, such adverse changes could
have a negative impact on Adient's business, financial condition or results of operations. 

The cyclicality of original equipment automobile production rates may adversely affect Adient's
results of operations. 

 The financial performance of Adient's business is directly related to automotive production by its customers. Automotive production and
sales are highly cyclical and depend on general economic conditions and other factors, including consumer spending and preferences. An economic decline that results in a reduction in automotive
production by Adient's customers could have a material adverse impact on Adient's results of operations. 

Adient may incur material losses and costs as a result of warranty claims and product liability
actions that may be brought against Adient. 

 Adient faces an inherent business risk of exposure to warranty claims and product liability in the event that its products fail to
perform as expected and, in the case of product liability, such failure of its products results, or is alleged to result, in bodily injury and/or property damage. If any of Adient's products are or
are alleged to be defective, Adient may be required to participate in a recall involving such products. As suppliers become more integrally involved in the vehicle design process and assume more of
the vehicle assembly functions, auto manufacturers are increasingly looking to their suppliers for contribution when faced with recalls and product liability claims. A recall claim brought against
Adient, or a product liability claim brought against Adient in excess of its available insurance, could have a material adverse impact on Adient's results of operations. In addition, a recall claim
could require Adient to review its entire product portfolio to assess whether similar issues are present in other product lines, which could result in significant disruption to Adient's business and
could have a material adverse impact on Adient's results of operations. 

 Auto
manufacturers are also increasingly requiring their suppliers to guarantee or warrant their products and bear the costs of repair and replacement of such products under new vehicle
warranties. Depending on the terms under which Adient supplies products to an auto manufacturer, an auto manufacturer may attempt to hold Adient responsible for some or all of the repair or
replacement costs of defective products under new vehicle warranties, when the vehicle manufacturer asserts that the product supplied did not perform as warranted. Although Adient cannot assure that
the future costs of warranty claims by its customers will not be material, Adient believes its established reserves are adequate to cover potential warranty settlements. Adient's warranty reserves are
based on Adient's best estimates of amounts necessary to settle future and existing claims. Adient regularly evaluates the level of these reserves, and adjusts them when appropriate. However, the
final amounts determined to be due related to these matters could differ materially from Adient's recorded estimates. 

Any changes in consumer credit availability or cost of borrowing could adversely affect Adient's
business. 

 Declines in the availability of consumer credit and increases in consumer borrowing costs have negatively impacted global automotive
sales and resulted in lower production volumes in the past. Substantial declines in automotive sales and production by Adient's customers could have a material adverse effect on Adient's business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

 22 

 Table of Contents 

Risks associated with Adient's non-U.S. operations could adversely affect Adient's business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

 Adient has significant operations in a number of countries outside the United States, some of which are located in emerging markets.
Long-term economic uncertainty in some of the regions of the world in which Adient operates, such as Asia, South America and Europe and other emerging markets, could result in the disruption of
markets and negatively affect cash flows from Adient's operations to cover its capital needs and debt service requirements. 

 In
addition, as a result of Adient's global presence, a significant portion of its revenues and expenses is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Adient is therefore
subject to foreign currency risks and foreign exchange exposure. While Adient employs financial instruments to hedge some of its transactional foreign exchange exposure, these activities do not
insulate Adient completely from those exposures. Exchange rates can be volatile and could adversely impact Adient's financial results and the comparability of results from period to period. 

 There
are other risks that are inherent in Adient's non-U.S. operations, including the potential for changes in socio-economic conditions, laws and regulations, including import, export,
labor and environmental laws, and monetary and fiscal policies; protectionist measures that may prohibit acquisitions or joint ventures, or impact trade volumes; unsettled political conditions;
government-imposed plant or other operational shutdowns; backlash from foreign labor organizations related to Adient's restructuring actions; corruption; natural and man-made disasters, hazards and
losses; violence, civil and labor unrest; and possible terrorist attacks. 

 These
and other factors may have a material adverse effect on Adient's non-U.S. operations and therefore on Adient's business and results of operations. 

Risks associated with joint venture partnerships may adversely affect Adient's business and
financial results. 

 Adient has entered into several joint ventures worldwide and may enter into additional joint ventures in the future. Adient's joint
venture partners may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with Adient's goals or with the goals of the joint venture. In addition, Adient may compete
against its joint venture partners in certain of its other markets. Disagreements with Adient's business partners may impede Adient's ability to maximize the benefits of its partnerships. Adient's
joint venture arrangements may require Adient, among other matters, to pay certain costs or to make certain capital investments or to seek its joint venture partner's consent to take certain actions.
In addition, Adient's joint venture partners may be unable or unwilling
to meet their economic or other obligations under the operative documents, and Adient may be required to either fulfill those obligations alone to ensure the ongoing success of a joint venture or to
dissolve and liquidate a joint venture. The above risks, if realized, could result in a material adverse effect on Adient's business and financial results. 

The regulation of Adient's international operations could adversely affect its business, results of
operations and reputation. 

 Due to Adient's global operations, Adient is subject to many laws governing international relations, including those that prohibit
improper payments to government officials and commercial customers, and restrict where Adient can do business, what information or products Adient can supply to certain countries and what information
Adient can provide to a non-U.S. government, including but not limited to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), U.K. Bribery Act, the U.S. Export Administration Act and U.S. and international
economic sanctions regulations. Adient has internal policies and procedures relating to such regulations; however, there is a risk that such policies and procedures will not always protect Adient from
the reckless acts of employees or representatives, particularly in the case of recently acquired operations that may not have significant training in applicable compliance policies and procedures.
Violations of these laws, which are complex, may result in criminal penalties, 

 23 

 Table of Contents 

 sanctions
and/or fines that could have a material adverse effect on Adient's business, financial condition and results of operations and reputation. In addition, Adient is subject to antitrust laws in
various countries throughout the world. Changes in these laws or their interpretation, administration or enforcement may occur over time. Any such changes may limit Adient's future acquisitions or
operations. Violations of antitrust laws may result in penalties, sanctions and/or fines that could have a material adverse effect on Adient's business, financial condition and results of operations
and reputation. 

Global climate change could negatively affect Adient's business. 

 Increased public awareness and concern regarding global climate change may result in more regional and/or federal requirements to
reduce or mitigate the effects of greenhouse gas emissions. There continues to be a lack of consistent climate legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty. Such regulatory
uncertainty extends to future incentives for
energy efficient vehicles and costs of compliance, which may impact the demand for Adient's products and Adient's results of operations. 

 There
is a growing consensus that greenhouse gas emissions are linked to global climate changes. Climate changes, such as extreme weather conditions, create financial risk to Adient's
business. For example, the demand for Adient's products and services may be affected by unseasonable weather conditions. Climate changes could also disrupt Adient's operations by impacting the
availability and cost of materials needed for manufacturing and could increase insurance and other operating costs. These factors may impact Adient's decisions to construct new facilities or maintain
existing facilities in areas most prone to physical climate risks. Adient could also face indirect financial risks passed through the supply chain, and process disruptions due to physical climate
changes could result in price modifications for Adient's products and the resources needed to produce them. 

Risks related to Adient's defined benefit retirement plans may adversely impact Adient's results of
operations and cash flow. 

 Significant changes in actual investment return on defined benefit plan assets, discount rates, mortality assumptions and other factors
could adversely affect Adient's results of operations and the amounts of contributions Adient must make to its defined benefit plans in future periods. Generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States require that Adient calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect assumptions about financial markets and interest rates, which may
change based on economic conditions. Funding requirements for Adient's defined benefit plans are dependent upon, among other factors, interest rates, underlying asset returns and the impact of
legislative or regulatory changes related to defined benefit funding obligations. 

Negative or unexpected tax consequences could adversely affect Adient's results of operations. 

 Adverse changes in the underlying profitability and financial outlook of Adient's operations in several jurisdictions could lead to
additional changes in Adient's valuation allowances against deferred tax assets and other tax reserves on Adient's statements of financial position. Additionally, changes in tax laws in the United
States, Ireland or in other countries where Adient has significant operations could materially affect deferred tax assets and liabilities on Adient's statements of financial position and income tax
provision on Adient's statements of income. 

 Adient
is also subject to tax audits by governmental authorities in the United States and in non-U.S. jurisdictions. Negative unexpected results from one or more such tax audits could
adversely affect Adient's results of operations. 

 24 

 Table of Contents 

Legal proceedings in which Adient is, or may be, a party may adversely affect Adient. 

 Adient is currently and may in the future become subject to legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes. These are
typically lawsuits, claims and proceedings that arise in the normal course of business including, without limitation, claims pertaining to product liability, product safety, environmental, safety and
health, intellectual property, employment, commercial and contractual matters and various other matters. The outcome of such lawsuits, claims or proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty and some
may be disposed of unfavorably to Adient. There exists the possibility that such claims may have an adverse impact on Adient's results of operations that is greater than Adient anticipates, and/or
negatively affect Adient's reputation. 

 Adient
is also subject to a risk of product liability or warranty claims if its products actually or allegedly fail to perform as expected or the use of its products results, or is
alleged to result, in bodily injury and/or property damage. While Adient will maintain reasonable limits of insurance coverage to appropriately respond to such exposures, large product liability
claims, if made, could exceed Adient's insurance coverage limits and insurance may not continue to be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. Adient may incur significant costs to
defend these claims or experience product liability losses in the future. In addition, if any of Adient's designed products are, or are alleged to be, defective, Adient may be required to participate
in recalls and exchanges of such products. The future cost associated with providing product warranties and/or bearing the cost of repair or replacement of Adient's products could have a material
adverse effect on Adient's business, financial condition and results of operations. 

A downgrade in the ratings of Adient's debt capital could restrict Adient's ability to access the
debt capital markets and increase Adient's interest costs. 

 Unfavorable changes in the ratings that rating agencies assign to Adient's debt may ultimately negatively impact Adient's access to the
debt capital markets and increase the costs Adient incurs to borrow funds. Future tightening in the credit markets and a reduced level of liquidity in many financial markets due to turmoil in the
financial and banking industries could affect Adient's access to the debt capital markets or the price Adient pays to issue debt. A downgrade in Adient's ratings or volatility in the financial markets
causing limitations to the debt capital markets could have an adverse effect on Adient's business or Adient's ability to meet its liquidity needs. 

 Additionally,
an increase in the level of Adient's indebtedness may increase Adient's vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions and may affect Adient's ability to
obtain additional financing. 

The potential insolvency or financial distress of third parties could adversely impact Adient's
business and results of operations. 

 Adient is exposed to the risk that third parties to various arrangements who owe Adient money or goods and services, or who purchase
goods and services from Adient, will not be able to perform their obligations or continue to place orders due to insolvency or financial distress. If third parties fail to perform their obligations
under arrangements with Adient, Adient may be forced to replace the underlying commitment at current or above-market prices or on other terms that are less favorable to Adient. In such events, Adient
may incur losses, or Adient's results of operations, financial condition or liquidity could otherwise be adversely affected. 

Adient may be unable to complete or integrate acquisitions or joint ventures effectively, which may
adversely affect its growth, profitability and results of operations. 

 Adient expects acquisitions of businesses and assets, as well as joint ventures (or other strategic arrangements) to play a role in its
future growth. Adient cannot be certain that it will be able to identify attractive acquisition or joint venture targets, obtain financing for acquisitions on satisfactory 

 25 

 Table of Contents 

 terms,
successfully acquire identified targets or form joint ventures, or manage the timing of acquisitions due to other capital obligations across its businesses. Additionally, Adient may not be
successful in integrating acquired businesses or joint ventures into its existing operations and achieving projected synergies. Competition for acquisition opportunities in the various industries in
which Adient operates may rise, thereby increasing Adient's costs of making acquisitions or causing Adient to refrain from making further acquisitions. If Adient were to use equity securities to
finance a future acquisition, Adient's then-current shareholders would experience dilution. Adient is also subject to applicable antitrust laws and must avoid anticompetitive behavior. These and other
factors related to acquisitions
and joint ventures may negatively and adversely impact Adient's growth, profitability and results of operations. 

Adient may be unable to realize the expected benefits of its restructuring actions, which could
adversely affect its profitability and operations. 

 In order to align Adient's resources with its growth strategies, operate more efficiently and control costs, Adient may periodically
announce restructuring plans, which may include workforce reductions, global plant closures and consolidations, asset impairments and other cost reduction initiatives. Adient may undertake
restructuring actions and workforce reductions in the future. As these plans and actions are complex, unforeseen factors could result in expected savings and benefits to be delayed or not realized to
the full extent planned (if at all), and Adient's operations and business may be disrupted. 

A failure of Adient's information technology (IT) and data security infrastructure could adversely
impact Adient's business, operations and reputation. 

 Adient relies upon the capacity, reliability and security of its IT and data security infrastructure, as well as its ability to expand
and continually update this infrastructure in response to the changing needs of its business. If Adient experiences a problem with the functioning of an important IT system or a security breach of
Adient's IT systems, including during system upgrades and/or new system implementations, the resulting disruptions could have an adverse effect on Adient's business. 

 Adient
and certain of its third-party vendors receive and store personal information in connection with Adient's human resources operations and other aspects of Adient's business.
Despite Adient's implementation of security measures, Adient's IT systems, like those of other companies, are vulnerable to damages from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access,
cyber-attack and other similar disruptions. Any system failure, accident or security breach could result in disruptions to Adient's operations. A material network breach in the security of Adient's IT
systems could include the theft of Adient's intellectual property, trade secrets, customer information, human resources information or other confidential information. To the extent that any
disruptions or security breach results in a loss or damage to Adient's data, or an inappropriate disclosure of confidential, proprietary or customer information, it could cause significant damage to
Adient's reputation, affect Adient's relationships with its customers, lead to claims against Adient and ultimately harm its business. In addition, Adient may be required to incur significant costs to
protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. 

Regulations related to conflict minerals could adversely impact Adient's business. 

 SEC rules aimed at improving the transparency and accountability concerning the supply of certain minerals, known as conflict minerals,
originating from the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and adjoining countries, impose annual disclosure requirements on companies that use such minerals in their products. There are costs associated
with complying with these disclosure requirements, including for diligence to determine the sources of conflict minerals used in Adient's products and other potential changes to products, processes or
sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. Adient's compliance with these disclosure rules could adversely affect the sourcing, supply and pricing of materials used in
Adient's products. As there may be only a limited number of suppliers 

 26 

 Table of Contents 

 offering
"conflict free" conflict minerals, Adient cannot be sure that it will be able to obtain necessary conflict minerals from such suppliers in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices, or
that Adient will be able to satisfy customers who require Adient's products to be conflict free. Also, Adient may face reputational challenges if Adient determines that certain of its products contain
minerals not determined to be conflict free or if Adient is unable to sufficiently verify the origins for all conflict minerals used in its products through the procedures Adient may implement. 

Adient's business success depends on attracting and retaining qualified personnel. 

 Adient's ability to sustain and grow its business requires it to hire, retain and develop a highly skilled and diverse management team
and workforce. Failure to ensure that Adient has the leadership capacity with the necessary skill set and experience could impede Adient's ability to deliver its growth objectives and execute its
strategic plan. Organizational and reporting changes as a result of any future leadership transition and corporate initiatives could result in increased turnover. Additionally, any unplanned turnover
or inability to attract and retain key employees could have a negative effect on Adient's results of operations. 

Adient's inability to achieve product cost reductions that offset customer-imposed price reductions
could adversely affect Adient's financial performance. 

 Downward pricing pressure by automotive manufacturers is a characteristic of the automotive industry. Adient's financial performance is
largely dependent on its ability to achieve product cost reductions through product design enhancement and supply chain management, as well as manufacturing efficiencies and restructuring actions.
Adient's inability to achieve product cost reductions that offset customer-imposed price reductions could adversely affect Adient's financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

Adverse developments affecting, or the financial distress of, one or more of Adient's suppliers
could adversely affect Adient's financial performance. 

 Adient obtains components and other products and services from numerous automotive suppliers and other vendors throughout the world.
Adient is responsible for managing its supply chain, including suppliers that may be the sole sources of products that Adient requires, which Adient's customers direct Adient to use or which have
unique capabilities that would make it difficult and/or expensive to re-source. In certain instances, entire industries may experience short-term capacity constraints. Additionally, Adient's
production capacity, and that of Adient's customers and suppliers, may be adversely affected by natural disasters. Any such significant disruption could adversely affect Adient's financial
performance. Unfavorable economic or industry conditions could also result in financial distress within Adient's supply chain, thereby increasing the risk of supply disruption. Although market
conditions generally have improved in recent years, uncertainty remains and another economic downturn or other unfavorable industry conditions in one or more of the regions in which Adient operates
could cause a supply disruption and thereby adversely affect Adient's financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

Increases in the costs and restrictions on the availability of raw materials, energy, commodities
and product components could adversely affect Adient's financial performance. 

 Raw material, energy and commodity costs can be volatile. Although Adient has developed and implemented strategies to mitigate the
impact of higher raw material, energy and commodity costs, these strategies, together with commercial negotiations with Adient's customers and suppliers, typically offset only a portion of the adverse
impact. Certain of these strategies also may limit Adient's opportunities in a declining commodity environment. In addition, the availability of raw materials, commodities and product components
fluctuates from time to time due to factors outside of Adient's control. If the costs of raw materials, energy, commodities and product components increase or the 

 27 

 Table of Contents 

 availability
thereof is restricted, it could adversely affect Adient's financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

The loss of business with respect to, or the lack of commercial success of, a vehicle model for
which Adient is a significant supplier could adversely affect Adient's financial performance. 

 Although Adient receives purchase orders from its customers, these purchase orders often provide for the supply of a customer's annual
requirements for a particular vehicle model and assembly plant, or in some cases, for the supply of a customer's requirements for the life of a particular vehicle model, rather than for the purchase
of a specific quantity of products. In addition, it is possible that Adient's customers could elect to manufacture its products internally or increase the extent to which they require Adient to
utilize specific suppliers or materials in the manufacture of its products. The loss of business with respect to, the lack of commercial success of or an increase in directed component sourcing for a
vehicle model for which Adient is a significant supplier could reduce Adient's sales or margins and thereby adversely affect Adient's financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

Shifts in market shares among vehicles or vehicle segments or shifts away from vehicles on which
Adient has significant content could have a material adverse effect on Adient's profitability. 

 While Adient supplies parts for a wide variety of vehicles produced globally, Adient does not supply parts for all vehicles produced,
nor is the number or value of parts evenly distributed among the vehicles for which Adient does supply parts. Shifts in market shares among vehicles or vehicle segments, particularly shifts away from
vehicles on which Adient has significant content and shifts away from vehicle segments in which Adient's sales may be more heavily concentrated, could have a material adverse effect on Adient's
profitability. 

Changes in consumer demand may adversely affect Adient's results of operations. 

 Increases in energy costs or other factors ( e.g. , climate change concerns) may shift
consumer demand away from motor vehicles that typically have higher interior content that Adient supplies, such as light trucks, crossover vehicles, minivans and sports utility vehicles, to smaller
vehicles having less interior content. The loss of business with respect to, or a lack of commercial success of, one or more particular vehicle models for which Adient is a significant supplier could
reduce Adient's sales and harm Adient's profitability, thereby adversely affecting Adient's results of operations. 

Adient may not be able to successfully negotiate pricing terms with its customers, which may
adversely affect its results of operations. 

 Adient will negotiate sales prices annually with its automotive customers. Any cost-cutting initiatives that its customers adopt
generally result in increased downward pressure on pricing. If Adient is unable to generate sufficient production cost savings in the future to offset price reductions, Adient's results of operations
may be adversely affected. In particular, large commercial settlements with Adient's customers may adversely affect Adient's results of operations. 

Adient's profitability and results of operations may be adversely affected by a significant failure
or inability to comply with the specifications and manufacturing requirements of its OEM customers. 

 Adient's business faces the production demands and requirements of its OEM customers, as described in the section of this information
statement entitled "Business&#151;Industry." A significant failure or inability to comply with customer specifications and manufacturing requirements or delays or other problems with existing
or new products (including program launch difficulties, as discussed below) could result in financial penalties, increased costs, loss of sales, loss of customers or potential breaches of customer
contracts, which could have an adverse effect on Adient's profitability and results of operations. 

 28 

 Table of Contents 

Adient's profitability and results of operations may be adversely affected by program launch
difficulties. 

 The launch of new business is a complex process, the success of which depends on a wide range of factors, including the production
readiness of Adient's and its suppliers' manufacturing facilities and manufacturing processes, as well as factors related to tooling, equipment, employees, initial product quality and other factors.
Adient's failure to successfully launch material new or takeover business could have an adverse effect on Adient's profitability and results of operations. 

Work stoppages and similar events could significantly disrupt Adient's business. 

 Because the automotive industry relies heavily on just-in-time delivery of components during the assembly and manufacture of vehicles,
a work stoppage at one or more of Adient's manufacturing and assembly facilities could have material adverse effects on the business. Similarly, if one or more of Adient's customers were to experience
a work stoppage, that customer would likely halt or limit purchases of Adient's products, which could result in the shutdown of the related manufacturing facilities. A significant disruption in the
supply of a key component due to a work stoppage at one of Adient's suppliers or any other supplier could have the same consequences, and accordingly, have a material adverse effect on Adient's
financial results. 

A variety of other factors could adversely affect Adient's results of operations. 

 Any of the following could materially and adversely impact Adient's results of operations: the loss of, or changes in, automobile
supply contracts, sourcing strategies or customer claims with Adient's major customers or suppliers; start-up expenses associated with new vehicle programs or delays or cancellations of such programs;
underutilization of Adient's manufacturing facilities, which are generally located near, and devoted to, a particular customer's facility; inability to recover engineering and tooling costs; market
and financial consequences of any recalls that may be required on products that Adient has supplied or sold into the automotive aftermarket; delays or difficulties in new product development and
integration; quantity and complexity of new program launches, which are subject to Adient's customers' timing, performance, design and quality standards; interruption of supply of certain
single-source components; the potential introduction of similar or superior technologies; changing nature and prevalence of Adient's joint ventures and relationships with its strategic business
partners; and global overcapacity and vehicle platform proliferation. 

Risks Related to the Separation 

Adient has no history operating as an independent company. Adient may be unable to make, on a timely
or cost-effective basis, the changes necessary to operate as an independent company, and Adient may experience increased costs after the separation. 

 Adient's business has historically operated as part of Johnson Controls' corporate organization and Johnson Controls has assisted
Adient by providing certain corporate functions. Following the separation, Johnson Controls will provide some of these functions to Adient, as described in "Certain Relationships and Related Person
Transactions." Adient will need to make investments to replicate or outsource from other providers certain facilities, systems, infrastructure, and personnel to which Adient will no longer have access
after its separation from Johnson Controls. These initiatives to develop Adient's independent ability to operate without access to Johnson Controls' existing operational and administrative
infrastructure will have a cost to implement. Adient may not be able to operate its business efficiently or at comparable costs, and its profitability may decline. 

 29 

 Table of Contents 

Adient's historical and pro forma financial information is not necessarily representative of the
results that it would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company and may not be a reliable indicator of its future results . 

 The historical information about Adient in this information statement refers to Adient's business as operated by and integrated with
Johnson Controls. Adient's historical and pro forma financial information included in this information statement is derived from the consolidated financial statements and accounting records of Johnson
Controls. Accordingly, the historical and pro forma financial information included in this information statement does not necessarily reflect the financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows that Adient would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company during the periods presented or those that Adient will achieve in the future primarily as a result of the factors described
below: 

 &#149; Prior to the separation, Adient's business has been operated by Johnson Controls as part of its broader corporate organization, rather
than as an independent company. Johnson Controls or one of its affiliates performed various corporate functions for Adient, such as accounting, information technology, and treasury. Adient's
historical and pro forma financial results reflect allocations of corporate expenses from Johnson Controls for such functions and may not reflect the expenses Adient would have incurred had it
operated as a separate publicly traded company. Following the separation, Adient will be responsible for the additional costs associated with being an independent, publicly traded company, including
costs related to corporate governance and external reporting; 
 &#149; Generally, Adient's working capital requirements and capital for its general corporate purposes, including acquisitions, research and
development and capital expenditures, have historically been satisfied as part of the corporate-wide cash management policies of Johnson Controls. Following the completion of the separation, Adient
may need to obtain additional financing from banks, through public offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities, strategic relationships or other arrangements; and 
 &#149; After the completion of the separation, the cost of capital for Adient's business may be higher than Johnson Controls' cost of capital
prior to the separation. 

 Other
significant changes may occur in Adient's cost structure, management, financing and business operations as a result of operating as a company separate from Johnson Controls. For
additional information about the past financial performance of Adient's business and the basis of presentation of the historical combined financial statements and the unaudited pro forma combined
financial statements of Adient's business, see "Selected Historical Combined Financial Data of Adient," "Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements," "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the historical financial statements and accompanying notes included in the "Index to Financial Statements" section of this information
statement. 

As an independent, publicly traded company, Adient may not enjoy the same benefits that it did as a
segment of Johnson Controls. 

 Currently, Adient's business is integrated with the other businesses of Johnson Controls. Adient is able to use Johnson Controls' size
and purchasing power in procuring various goods and services and has shared economies of scope and scale in costs, employees, vendor
relationships and customer relationships. Although Adient will enter into transition agreements with Johnson Controls, these arrangements may not fully capture the benefits Adient has enjoyed as a
result of being integrated with Johnson Controls and may result in Adient paying higher amounts than in the past for these services. As a separate, independent company, Adient may be unable to obtain
goods and services at the prices and terms obtained prior to the separation, which could decrease Adient's overall profitability. This 

 30 

 Table of Contents 

 could
have an adverse effect on Adient's results of operations and financial condition following the completion of the separation. 

Adient's accounting and other management systems and resources may not be adequately prepared to
meet the financial reporting and other requirements to which Adient will be subject following the separation and distribution. 

 Adient's financial results previously were included within the consolidated results of Johnson Controls. Although Adient believes that
its financial reporting and internal controls were appropriate for those of a subsidiary of a public company, it was not directly subject to reporting and other requirements of the U.S. Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, or Exchange Act. As a result of the separation and distribution, Adient will be directly subject to reporting and other obligations under the Exchange Act. Beginning with
Adient's Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2016, Adient intends to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which will
require annual management assessments of the effectiveness of Adient's internal control over financial reporting and a report by Adient's independent registered public accounting firm on the
effectiveness of Adient's internal control over financial reporting. These reporting and other obligations may place significant demands on management, administrative and operational resources,
including accounting systems and resources. 

 The
Exchange Act requires that Adient file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to its business and financial condition. Under the Sarbanes Oxley Act, Adient is required to
maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting. To comply with these requirements, Adient may need to upgrade its systems, implement additional
financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures and hire additional accounting and finance staff. Adient expects to incur additional annual expenses for the purpose of addressing
these requirements. If Adient is unable to upgrade its financial and management controls, reporting systems, information technology systems and procedures in a timely and effective fashion, its
ability to comply with financial reporting requirements and other rules that apply to reporting companies under the Exchange Act could be impaired. Any failure to achieve and maintain effective
internal controls could
have a material adverse effect on Adient's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

As Adient builds its information technology infrastructure and transitions its data to its own
systems, Adient could incur substantial additional costs and experience temporary business interruptions. 

 After the separation, Adient will install and implement information technology infrastructure to support certain of its business
functions, including accounting and reporting, manufacturing process control, customer service, inventory control and distribution. Adient may incur temporary interruptions in business operations if
it cannot transition effectively from Johnson Controls' existing transactional and operational systems, data centers and the transition services that support these functions as Adient replaces these
systems. Adient may not be successful in implementing its new systems and transitioning its data, and it may incur substantially higher costs for implementation than currently anticipated. Adient's
failure to avoid operational interruptions as it implements the new systems and replaces Johnson Controls' information technology services, or its failure to implement the new systems and replace
Johnson Controls' services successfully, could disrupt its business and have a material adverse effect on its profitability. In addition, if Adient is unable to replicate or transition certain
systems, its ability to comply with regulatory requirements could be impaired. 

 31 

 Table of Contents 

Johnson Controls may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that have or will be
executed as part of the separation or Adient may fail to have necessary systems and services in place when certain of the transaction agreements expire. 

 In connection with the separation, Adient and Johnson Controls has entered into a separation and distribution agreement and various
other agreements, including a transition services agreement, a tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement and a transitional trademark license agreement. These agreements are discussed in
greater detail in the section titled "Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions." Certain of these agreements provide for the performance of services by each company for the benefit of the
other for a period of time after the separation. Adient will rely on Johnson Controls to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these agreements. If Johnson Controls is unable to
satisfy its obligations under these agreements, including its indemnification obligations, Adient could incur operational difficulties or losses.

 If
Adient does not have in place its own systems and services, or if Adient does not have agreements with other providers of these services when the transaction or long-term agreements
terminate, Adient may not be able to operate its business effectively and its profitability may decline. Adient will be in the process of creating its own, or engaging third parties to provide,
systems and services to replace many of the systems and services Johnson Controls currently provides to it. Adient may not be successful in effectively or efficiently implementing these systems and
services or in transitioning data from Johnson Controls' systems to Adient's. These systems and services may also be more expensive or less efficient than the systems and services Johnson Controls is
expected to provide during the transition period. 

Potential indemnification liabilities to Johnson Controls pursuant to the separation agreement could
materially adversely affect Adient. 

 The separation agreement with Johnson Controls provides for, among other things, the principal corporate transactions required to
effect the separation, certain conditions to the separation and provisions governing the relationship between Adient and Johnson Controls with respect to and resulting from the separation. For a
description of the separation agreement, see "Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions&#151;Separation Agreement." Among other things, the separation agreement provides for
indemnification obligations designed to make Adient financially responsible for substantially all liabilities that may exist relating to its business activities, whether incurred prior to or after the
separation, as well as those obligations of Johnson Controls assumed by Adient pursuant to the separation agreement. If Adient is required to indemnify Johnson Controls under the circumstances set
forth in the separation agreement, Adient may be subject to substantial liabilities.

The distribution will generally be taxable to Johnson Controls shareholders for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. 

 The distribution will be a taxable distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes. An amount equal to the fair market value of the
Adient ordinary shares received by a Johnson Controls shareholder in the distribution (including any fractional shares deemed received and any ordinary shares withheld on account of any Irish
withholding taxes) will be treated as a taxable dividend to the extent of such shareholder's ratable share of current and accumulated earnings and profits of Johnson Controls for the taxable year of
the distribution. To the extent that the fair market value of such Adient ordinary shares exceeds a Johnson Controls shareholder's ratable share of such earnings and profits, any such excess will be
treated first as a nontaxable return of capital to the extent of such shareholder's tax basis in Johnson Controls shares, and thereafter as capital gain recognized on a sale or exchange of such
shares. No cash will be distributed to Johnson Controls shareholders pursuant to the distribution (except for cash paid in lieu of fractional Adient ordinary shares). Accordingly, Johnson Controls 

 32 

 Table of Contents 

 shareholders
will need to have alternative sources of cash from which to pay any resulting U.S. federal income tax liability. For more information, see "Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences." 

If there is any change to Irish tax law or the anticipated tax treatment of the distribution was
challenged by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, certain Irish holders of Johnson Controls ordinary shares may incur a charge to Irish tax as a result of receiving shares in connection with the
distribution. 

 Statements contained in this information statement concerning the taxation of holders of Johnson Controls ordinary shares are based on
current Irish tax law and the published practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners as at the date of this information statement, either of which is subject to change, possibly with retrospective
effect. 

 The
taxation of the distribution depends on the individual circumstances of each Johnson Controls shareholder and the summary of the Irish tax treatment of the distribution set out in
the section entitled "Material Irish Income Tax Consequences" is intended as a general guide only. It does not address the specific tax position of every holder of Johnson Controls ordinary shares and
only deals with rules of Irish taxation of general application. Therefore any investors who are in any doubt as to their tax position (from an Irish perspective) as a result of receiving Adient
ordinary shares in connection with the distribution should consult their own independent tax advisers. 

 No
specific confirmation from the Irish Revenue Commissioners as to the tax treatment of the distribution for Johnson Controls shareholders will be sought by Johnson Controls.
Accordingly, the anticipated tax treatment of the distribution as outlined in the section entitled "Material Irish Income Tax Consequences" may be challenged by the Irish Revenue Commissioners. In the
event of a successful challenge, Johnson Controls shareholders that are resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland for Irish tax purposes or hold their shares in connection with a trade or business
carried on by such shareholders through an Irish branch or agency may incur a charge to Irish tax as a result of receiving Adient ordinary shares in connection with the distribution. 

Adient may not be able to engage in desirable strategic or capital raising transactions after the
separation. 

 Johnson Controls and Adient will engage in various restructuring transactions in connection with the distribution. To preserve the
tax-free treatment of certain such restructuring transactions, for the two-year period following the separation, under the tax matters agreement that Adient has entered into with Johnson Controls,
Adient may be prohibited, except in specific circumstances, from (i) entering into any transaction pursuant to which all or a portion of the Adient ordinary shares would be acquired, whether by
merger or otherwise, (ii) ceasing to actively conduct certain of its businesses or (iii) taking or failing to take any other action that would prevent certain of such restructuring
transactions from qualifying as transactions that are generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code"). These restrictions may limit for a period of time Adient's ability to pursue certain strategic transactions or other transactions that Adient may believe to be in the best
interests of its shareholders or that might increase the value of its business. For more information, see "Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions&#151;Tax Matters Agreement."

After the separation, certain of Adient's executive officers and directors may have actual or
potential conflicts of interest because of their service as executive officers or directors of Johnson Controls. 

 Because of their past service with Johnson Controls, certain of Adient's expected officers and directors own Johnson Controls shares,
options to purchase Johnson Controls shares or other equity awards. Following the separation, even though Adient's board of directors will consist of a majority of directors who are independent, and
Adient's expected executive officers and directors who are currently employees or directors of Johnson Controls will cease to be employees or directors of Johnson

 33 

 Table of Contents 

 Controls,
some Adient executive officers and directors will continue to have a financial interest in Johnson Controls shares. Continuing ownership of Johnson Controls shares and equity awards could
create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest if Adient and Johnson Controls pursue the same corporate opportunities or face decisions that could have different implications for Adient
and Johnson Controls. 

Adient may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the separation, and the separation
may adversely affect Adient's business. 

 Adient may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the separation, or such benefits
may be delayed or not occur at all. The separation and distribution are expected to provide the following benefits, among others: (i) allowing Johnson Controls and Adient to focus exclusively
on their own businesses and their distinct needs, and pursue unique opportunities for long-term growth and profitability; (ii) more efficient allocation of capital for both Johnson Controls and
Adient; and (iii) direct access by Adient to the capital markets. 

 Adient
may not achieve these and other anticipated benefits for a variety of reasons, including, among others: (a) the separation will require significant amounts of management's
time and effort, which may divert management's attention from operating and growing Adient's business; (b) following the separation, Adient may be more susceptible to market fluctuations and
other adverse events than if it were still a part of Johnson Controls; (c) following the separation, Adient's business will be less diversified than Johnson Controls' business prior to the
separation; and (d) the other actions required to separate Johnson Controls' and Adient's respective businesses could disrupt Adient's operations. If Adient fails to achieve some or all of the
benefits expected to result from the separation, or if such benefits are delayed, the business, financial conditions, and results of operations of Adient could be adversely affected. 

Adient may have received better terms from unaffiliated third parties than the terms it will receive
in its agreements with Johnson Controls. 

 The agreements Adient has entered or will enter into with Johnson Controls in connection with the separation, including a transition
services agreement, a tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement and a transitional trademark license agreement, were prepared in the context of the separation while Adient's business was
still operated by and part of Johnson Controls. Accordingly, during the period in which the terms of those agreements were prepared, Adient did not have an independent board of directors or a
management team that was independent of Johnson Controls. As a result, the terms of those agreements may not reflect terms that would have resulted from arm's-length negotiations between unaffiliated
third parties. Arm's-length negotiations between Johnson Controls and an unaffiliated third party in another form of transaction, such as a buyer in a sale of a business transaction, may have resulted
in more favorable terms to the unaffiliated third party. See "Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions."

Challenges in the commercial and credit environment may adversely affect Adient's ability to
complete the separation and Adient's future access to capital. 

 Adient's ability to issue debt or enter into other financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a
material decline in the demand for Adient's products or in the solvency of its customers or suppliers or other significantly unfavorable changes in economic conditions. Volatility in the world
financial markets could increase borrowing costs or affect Adient's ability to access the capital markets. These conditions may adversely affect Adient's ability to obtain targeted credit ratings
prior to and following the separation. 

 34 

 Table of Contents 

In connection with Adient's separation from Johnson Controls, Adient will incur debt obligations
that could adversely affect Adient's business, profitability and its ability to meet Adient's obligations. 

 As of June 30, 2016, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the new financing arrangements that Adient has entered into in
connection with the separation and after giving effect to the application of the net proceeds of such financing, Adient's total combined indebtedness would have been approximately $3.6 billion.

 This
significant amount of debt could potentially have important consequences to Adient and its debt and equity investors, including: 

 &#149; requiring a substantial portion of Adient's cash flow from operations to make interest payments on this debt following the separation; 
 &#149; making it more difficult to satisfy debt service and other obligations; 
 &#149; increasing the risk of a future credit ratings downgrade of its debt, which could increase future debt costs and limit the future
availability of debt financing; 
 &#149; increasing Adient's vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 &#149; reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow Adient's business; 
 &#149; limiting Adient's flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and the industry; 
 &#149; placing Adient at a competitive disadvantage relative to its competitors that may not be as highly leveraged with debt; and 
 &#149; limiting Adient's ability to borrow additional funds as needed or take advantage of business opportunities as they arise, pay cash
dividends or repurchase ordinary shares. 

 In
addition, Adient's term loan and revolving credit facilities require Adient to maintain compliance with a maximum total net leverage ratio tested on a quarterly basis. Events beyond
Adient's control, including changes in general business and economic conditions, may affect its ability to meet this requirement. A breach of the restrictive covenants in Adient's credit facilities or
Adient's inability to comply with the maximum total net leverage ratio could result in an event of default under Adient's debt agreements. If an event of default occurs and is continuing under such
agreements, the lenders
thereunder could elect to declare all amounts outstanding, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable, which could result in acceleration of Adient's other debt. If Adient was
unable to repay any borrowings under the credit facilities when due, the lenders thereunder could proceed against their collateral. 

 To
the extent that Adient incurs additional indebtedness, the risks described above could increase. In addition, Adient's actual cash requirements in the future may be greater than
expected. Adient's cash flow from operations may not be sufficient to repay all of the outstanding debt as it becomes due, and Adient may not be able to borrow money, sell assets or otherwise raise
funds on acceptable terms, or at all, to refinance Adient's debt. 

Risks Related to Adient Ordinary Shares 

Adient cannot be certain that an active trading market for its ordinary shares will develop or be
sustained after the separation, and following the separation, Adient's share price may fluctuate significantly. 

 A public market for Adient ordinary shares does not currently exist. Adient anticipates that on or prior to the record date for the
distribution, trading of its ordinary shares will begin on a "when-issued" basis and will continue through the distribution date. However, Adient cannot guarantee 

 35 

 Table of Contents 

 that
an active trading market will develop or be sustained for its ordinary shares after the separation. Nor can Adient predict the prices at which its ordinary shares may trade after the separation.
Similarly, Adient cannot predict the effect of the separation on the trading prices of its ordinary shares or whether the combined market value of the ordinary shares of Adient and the shares of
Johnson Controls will be less than, equal to or greater than the market value of Johnson Controls shares prior to the separation. 

 The
market price of Adient ordinary shares may fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond Adient's control,
including: 

 &#149; actual or anticipated fluctuations in Adient's operating results; 
 &#149; changes in earnings estimated by securities analysts or Adient's ability to meet those estimates; 
 &#149; the operating and stock price performance of comparable companies; 
 &#149; changes to the regulatory and legal environment under which Adient operates; 
 &#149; the trading volume and liquidity of Adient ordinary shares; and 
 &#149; domestic and worldwide economic conditions. 

 In
addition, when the market price of a company's shares drops significantly, shareholders often institute securities class action lawsuits against the company. A lawsuit against Adient
could cause it to incur substantial costs and could divert the time and attention of its management and other resources. 

A number of Adient ordinary shares are or will be eligible for future sale, which may cause Adient's
share price to decline. 

 Any sales of substantial amounts of Adient ordinary shares in the public market or the perception that such sales might occur, in
connection with the distribution or otherwise, may cause the market price of Adient ordinary shares to decline. Upon completion of the distribution, Adient expects that it will have an aggregate of
approximately 93.5 million ordinary shares issued and outstanding, based on approximately 935 million outstanding shares of Johnson Controls as of September 12, 2016. These shares
will be freely tradeable without restriction or further registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, unless the shares are owned by one of Adient's
"affiliates," as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

 Adient
is unable to predict whether large amounts of its ordinary shares will be sold in the open market following the distribution. Adient is also unable to predict whether a sufficient
number of buyers would be in the market at that time. 

Adient cannot guarantee the timing, amount or payment of dividends on its ordinary shares. 

 Although Adient expects to pay regular cash dividends following the separation, the timing, declaration, amount and payment of future
dividends to shareholders will fall within the discretion of Adient's board of directors. The board's decisions regarding the payment of dividends will depend on many factors, such as Adient's
financial condition, earnings, sufficiency of distributable reserves, capital requirements, debt service obligations, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that the board deems
relevant. For more information, see "Dividend Policy." Adient's ability to pay dividends will depend on its ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and access capital markets. Adient cannot
guarantee that it will pay a dividend in the future or continue to pay any dividend if Adient commences paying dividends. 

Your percentage of ownership in Adient may be diluted in the future. 

 In the future, your percentage ownership in Adient may be diluted because of equity issuances for acquisitions, capital market
transactions or otherwise, including equity awards that Adient will be granting to Adient's directors, officers and employees. Adient's employees will have options to purchase 

 36 

 Table of Contents 

 its
ordinary shares after the distribution as a result of the conversion of their Johnson Controls stock options (in whole or in part) to Adient share options. Adient anticipates its compensation
committee will grant additional stock options or other stock-based awards to its employees after the distribution. Such awards will have a dilutive effect on Adient's earnings per share, which could
adversely affect the market price of Adient ordinary shares. From time to time, Adient will issue additional options or other stock-based awards to its employees under Adient's employee benefits
plans. 

 In
addition, Adient's articles of association will authorize Adient to issue, without the approval of Adient's shareholders, one or more classes or series of preferred shares having such
designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over Adient ordinary shares respecting dividends and distributions, as Adient's
board of directors generally may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred shares could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of Adient ordinary shares. For example,
Adient could grant the holders of preferred shares the right to elect some number of Adient's directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified
transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences Adient could assign to holders of preferred shares could affect the residual value of the ordinary shares. See
"Description of Adient's Share Capital." 

Adient ordinary shares will have rights different from Johnson Controls shares. 

 Upon completion of the distribution, the rights of Johnson Controls shareholders who become Adient shareholders will be governed by the
articles of association of Adient and by Irish law. The rights associated with Johnson Controls shares are different from the rights associated with Adient ordinary shares. Material differences
between the rights of shareholders of Johnson Controls and the rights of shareholders of Adient include differences with respect to, among other things, the election of directors, the removal of
directors, the indemnification of directors and officers, limitations on director liability, the convening of annual meetings of shareholders and special shareholder meetings, notice provisions for
meetings, the exercise of voting rights, shareholder action by written consent, shareholder approval of certain transactions, anti-takeover measures and provisions relating to the ability to amend the
articles of association. See "Description of Adient's Share Capital." 

Certain provisions in Adient's articles of association, among other things, could prevent or delay
an acquisition of Adient, which could decrease the trading price of Adient ordinary shares. 

 The Adient articles of association will include measures that may be found in the charters of U.S. companies and that could have the
effect of deterring coercive takeover practices, inadequate takeover bids and unsolicited offers. These provisions include, among others: (i) the power for the board of directors to issue and
allot preferred shares or implement a shareholder rights plan without shareholder approval in certain circumstances; (ii) a provision similar to Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, which provides that, subject to limited exceptions, persons that acquire, or are affiliated with a person that acquires, more than 15 percent of the outstanding ordinary shares
of Adient shall not engage in any business combination with Adient, including by merger, consolidation or acquisitions of additional shares, for a three-year period following the date on which that
person or its affiliates becomes the holder of more than 15 percent of Adient's outstanding ordinary shares; (iii) rules regarding how shareholders may present proposals or nominate
directors for election at shareholder meetings; and (iv) the ability of the Adient board of directors to fill vacancies on the board of directors in certain circumstances. 

 It
could be more difficult for Adient to obtain shareholder approval for a merger or negotiated transaction after the distribution because the shareholder approval requirements for
certain types of transactions differ, and in some cases are greater, under Irish law than under U.S. state law. 

 37 

 Table of Contents 

 In addition, several mandatory provisions of Irish law could prevent or delay an acquisition of Adient. For example, Adient will be subject to various provisions
of Irish law relating to mandatory bids, voluntary bids, requirements to make a cash offer and minimum price requirements, as well as substantial acquisition rules and rules requiring the disclosure
of interests in Adient ordinary shares in certain circumstances. Also, Irish companies, including Adient, may only alter their memorandum of association and articles of association with the approval
of the holders of at least 75% of the company's shares present and voting in person or by proxy at a general meeting of the company. 

 For
additional information on these and other provisions of Adient's articles of association and Irish law that could be considered to have an anti-takeover effect, see "Description of
Adient's Share Capital&#151;Anti-Takeover Provisions." 

As an Irish public limited company, certain capital structure decisions will require shareholder
approval, which may limit Adient's flexibility to manage its capital structure. 

 Irish law provides that a board of directors may allot shares (or rights to subscribe for or convertible into shares) only with the
prior authorization of shareholders, such authorization for a maximum period of five years, each as specified in the articles of association or relevant shareholder resolution. This authorization
would need to be renewed by Adient's shareholders upon its expiration ( i.e. , at least every five years). The Adient articles of association will
authorize the allotment of shares for a period of five years from the date of adoption of the Adient articles of association, which authorization will need to be renewed by ordinary resolution, being
a resolution passed by a simple majority of votes cast, upon expiration ( i.e. , at least every five years) but may be sought more frequently for
additional five-year terms (or any shorter period).

 Irish
law also generally provides shareholders with preemptive rights when new shares are issued for cash; however, it is possible for the Adient articles of association, or shareholders
in general meeting, to exclude preemptive rights. Such an exclusion of preemptive rights may be for a maximum period of up to five years from the date of adoption of the articles of association, if
the exclusion is contained in the articles of association, or from the date of the shareholder resolution, if the exclusion is by shareholder resolution; in either case, this exclusion would need to
be renewed by Adient's shareholders upon its expiration ( i.e. , at least every five years). The Adient articles of association will exclude preemptive
rights for a period of five years from the date of adoption of the Adient articles of association, which exclusion will need to be renewed by special resolution, being a resolution passed by not less
than 75% of votes cast, upon expiration ( i.e. , at least every five years) but may be sought more frequently for additional five-year terms (or any
shorter period). 

 Irish
law also generally prohibits a public company from repurchasing its own shares without the prior approval of shareholders by ordinary resolution, being a resolution passed by a
simple majority of votes cast, and other formalities. Such approval may be for a maximum period of up to five years. Adient anticipates that, prior to the distribution, an ordinary resolution will be
adopted to permit purchases of Adient ordinary shares. This ordinary resolution will need to be renewed upon expiration ( i.e. , at least every five
years) but may be sought more frequently for additional five-year terms (or any shorter period). 

Irish law will require that Adient meet certain additional financial requirements before it declares
dividends following the distribution. 

 Under Irish law, Adient will be able to declare dividends and make distributions only out of "distributable reserves." Distributable
reserves are the accumulated realized profits of Adient that have not previously been utilized in a distribution or capitalization less accumulated realized losses that have not previously been
written off in a reduction or reorganization
of capital, and include reserves created by way of a reduction of capital, including the share premium account. In addition, no distribution or 

 38 

 Table of Contents 

 dividend
may be paid or made by Adient unless the net assets of Adient are equal to, or exceed, the aggregate of Adient's called up share capital plus non-distributable reserves and the distribution
does not reduce Adient's net assets below such aggregate. Non-distributable reserves include the share premium account, the capital redemption reserve fund and the amount by which Adient's accumulated
unrealized profits that have not previously utilized by any capitalization exceed Adient's accumulated unrealized losses that have not previously been written off in a reduction or reorganization of
capital. 

 Following the distribution, it is expected that Adient will capitalize the reserve created pursuant to the internal restructuring transactions related to the distribution and implement a
parallel court-approved reduction of that capital in order to create a reserve of an equivalent amount of distributable reserves to support the payment of possible future dividends or future share
repurchases. Neither the capitalization nor the reduction will impact shareholders' relative interests in the capital of Adient. The Adient articles of association will permit Adient by ordinary
resolution of the shareholders to declare dividends, provided that the directors have made a recommendation as to its amount. The dividend may not exceed the amount recommended by the directors. The
directors may also decide to pay interim dividends if it appears to them that the profits available for distribution justify the payment. When recommending or declaring the payment of a dividend, the
directors will be required under Irish law to comply with their duties, including considering Adient's future financial requirements. See "Dividend Policy&#151;Creation of Distributable
Reserves."

The laws of Ireland differ from the laws in effect in the United States and may afford less
protection to holders of Adient securities. 

 It may not be possible to enforce court judgments obtained in the United States against Adient in Ireland based on the civil liability
provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws. In addition, there is some uncertainty as to whether the courts of Ireland would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against
Adient or its directors or officers based on the civil liabilities provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws or hear actions against Adient or those persons based on those laws. The
United States currently does not have a treaty with Ireland providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters in Ireland. Therefore, a final
judgment for the payment of money rendered by any U.S. federal or state court based on civil liability, whether or not based solely on U.S. federal or state securities laws, would not automatically be
enforceable in Ireland. 

 A judgment obtained against Adient will be enforced by the courts of Ireland if the following general requirements are met: (a) U.S. courts must have had jurisdiction in relation
to the particular defendant according to Irish conflict of law rules (the submission to jurisdiction by the defendant would satisfy this rule) and (b) the judgment must be final and conclusive
and the decree must be final and unalterable in the court which pronounces it. A judgment can be final and conclusive even if it is subject to appeal or even if an appeal is pending. Where however the
effect of lodging an appeal under the applicable law is to stay execution of the judgment, it is possible that in the meantime the judgment may not be actionable in Ireland. It remains to be
determined whether final judgment given in default of appearance is final and conclusive. However, Irish courts may refuse to enforce a judgment of the U.S. courts which meets the above requirements
for one of the following reasons: (i) if the judgment is not for a definite sum of money; (ii) if the judgment was obtained by fraud; (iii) the enforcement of the judgment in
Ireland would be contrary to natural or constitutional justice; (iv) the judgment is contrary to Irish public policy or involves certain U.S. laws which will not be enforced in Ireland; or
(v) jurisdiction cannot be obtained by the Irish courts over the judgment debtors in the enforcement proceedings by personal service in Ireland or outside Ireland under Order 11 of the Ireland
Superior Courts Rules.

 As
an Irish company, Adient will be governed by the Irish Companies Act 2014, which differs in some material respects from laws generally applicable to U.S. corporations and
shareholders, including, 

 39 

 Table of Contents 

 among
others, differences relating to interested director and officer transactions and shareholder lawsuits. Likewise, the duties of directors and officers of an Irish company generally are owed to
the company only. Shareholders of Irish companies generally do not have a personal right of action against directors or officers of the company and may exercise such rights of action on behalf of the
company only in limited circumstances. Accordingly, holders of Adient's securities may have more difficulty protecting their interests than would holders of securities of a corporation incorporated in
a jurisdiction of the United States. 

 In
addition, the Adient articles of association will provide that the Irish courts have exclusive jurisdiction to determine any and all derivative actions in which a holder of Adient
ordinary shares asserts a claim in the name of Adient, actions asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty of any of the directors of Adient and actions asserting a claim arising pursuant to any
provision of Irish law or Adient's articles of association. Under Irish law, the proper claimant for wrongs committed against Adient, including by the Adient directors, is considered to be Adient
itself. Irish law permits a shareholder to initiate a lawsuit on behalf of a company such as Adient only in limited circumstances, and requires court permission to do so. 

The IRS may not agree that Adient is a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes. 

 For U.S. federal tax purposes, a corporation is generally considered to be a tax resident of the jurisdiction of its organization or
incorporation. Because Adient is a company incorporated under the laws of Ireland, it would be classified as a foreign corporation under these rules. Section 7874 of the Code, or
Section 7874, provides an exception to this general rule under which a foreign incorporated entity may, in certain circumstances, be classified as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal tax
purposes. The rules under Section 7874 are relatively new and complex and there is limited guidance regarding their application. 

 Under
Section 7874, a corporation created or organized outside the United States ( i.e. , a foreign corporation) will nevertheless be
treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes if (i) the foreign corporation directly or indirectly acquires substantially all of the properties held directly or indirectly by a
U.S. corporation (including through an acquisition of the outstanding shares of the U.S. corporation), (ii) the former shareholders of the acquired U.S. corporation hold at least 80% (by either
vote or value) of the shares of the foreign acquiring corporation after the acquisition by reason of holding shares in the acquired U.S. corporation (including the receipt of the foreign corporation's
shares in exchange for the U.S. corporation's shares), or the 80% Ownership Test, and (iii) the foreign corporation's "expanded affiliated group" does not have substantial business activities
in the foreign corporation's country of organization or incorporation relative to such expanded affiliated group's worldwide activities. For purposes of Section 7874, acquisitions of multiple
U.S. corporations (and/or substantially all of the assets of multiple U.S. corporations) by a foreign corporation, if treated as part of a plan or series of related transactions, may be treated as a
single acquisition, in which case all shares of the foreign acquiring corporation received by the shareholders of the U.S. corporations would be aggregated for purposes of the 80% Ownership Test.
Where, pursuant to the same transaction, stock of the foreign acquiring corporation is received in exchange for stock of a U.S. corporation as well as other property, the portion of the stock of the
foreign acquiring corporation received in exchange for the stock of the U.S. corporation is determined based on the relative value of the stock of the U.S. corporation compared with the aggregate
value of such stock and such other property. 

 As
part of the separation, Adient will indirectly acquire assets, including stock of U.S. subsidiaries, from Johnson Controls, Inc., which is a U.S. corporation. It is currently
not expected that Section 7874 will cause Adient or any of its affiliates to be treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. tax purposes as a result of such acquisitions because, among other things,
based on the rules for determining ownership under Section 7874 and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder and certain factual assumptions, (i) the assets acquired from Johnson
Controls, Inc. are not expected to constitute 

 40 

 Table of Contents 

 "substantially
all" of the properties held directly or indirectly by Johnson Controls, Inc. and (ii) the shares received by reason of holding stock in the U.S. subsidiaries of Johnson
Controls, Inc. transferred in the separation are not expected to represent at least 80% (by either vote or value) of the relevant shares. However, whether or not certain of the tests under
Section 7874 are satisfied must be finally determined at the completion of the separation, by which time there could be adverse changes in relevant facts and circumstances. Moreover, the law
and Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 7874 are relatively new, complex and somewhat unclear, and there is limited guidance regarding the application of Section 7874 in
circumstances similar to the separation. For example, there is currently no guidance that expressly defines what constitutes "substantially all" of the properties of a U.S. corporation for purposes of
Section 7874 and it is possible that the IRS may assert that "substantially all" of the properties of Johnson Controls, Inc. (or of a U.S. subsidiary of Johnson Controls, Inc.)
were acquired in the separation. In addition, there is limited guidance on the application of the 80% Ownership Test in circumstances similar to the separation and the IRS may not agree that the
shares held by reason of holding shares in U.S. subsidiaries that (or substantially all of the assets of which) were transferred in the separation represent less than 80% (by either vote or value) of
the relevant shares for purposes of Section 7874. Moreover, the percentage represented by such shares will depend on the relative valuation of the various assets (including stock of
subsidiaries) that are transferred in connection with the separation. Valuation matters can be subjective, and the IRS may also seek to challenge the valuation of such assets. 

 In
addition, on April 4, 2016, the U.S. Department of Treasury (the "U.S. Treasury") and the IRS issued temporary Treasury Regulations under Section 7874 (the "Temporary
7874 Regulations"), which generally increase the likelihood that the relevant ownership percentages under Section 7874 will be exceeded. Although it is presently not expected that the Temporary
7874 Regulations will adversely affect the U.S. federal tax status of Adient or any of its foreign affiliates as a foreign corporation (and although it is possible that the Temporary 7874 Regulations
could cause certain exceptions to the application of Section 7874 to apply to the separation), the Temporary 7874 Regulations are new and complex, and there is limited guidance regarding their
application. 

 Accordingly,
there can be no assurance that the IRS will not challenge the status of Adient or any of its foreign affiliates as a foreign corporation under Section 7874 or that
such challenge would not be sustained by a court. If the IRS were to successfully challenge such status under Section 7874, Adient and its affiliates could be subject to substantial additional
U.S. tax liability. Adient estimates that if it were treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes, its effective tax rate could be approximately 5-7% higher than the effective tax rate
if it were treated as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes. However, this estimate is based on multiple assumptions, including assumptions as to Adient's structure and capitalization
and the expected treatment of Adient's global income under U.S and non-U.S. tax laws. The difference between Adient's actual effective tax rate if it were treated as a U.S. corporation compared to its
effective tax rate if it were treated as a foreign corporation could be higher or lower than this estimate, and there can be no guarantee that Adient's effective tax rate following the distribution
will be consistent with Adient's current estimates. In addition, Adient and certain of its foreign affiliates are expected, regardless of any application of Section 7874, to be treated as tax
residents of countries other than the United States. Consequently, if Adient or any such affiliate is treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes under
Section 7874, Adient or such affiliate could be liable for both U.S. and non-U.S. taxes, which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. 

 Please
see "Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences&#151;U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Separation to Adient&#151;Tax Residence of Adient for U.S.
Federal Income Tax Purposes" for a more detailed discussion of the application of Section 7874 to the separation. 

 41 

 Table of Contents 

Section 7874 may limit the ability of Adient's U.S. affiliates to use certain tax attributes
following the separation or otherwise increase such U.S. affiliates' U.S. taxable income. 

 Following the acquisition of a U.S. corporation by a foreign corporation, Section 7874 of the Code can limit the ability of the
acquired U.S. corporation and its U.S. affiliates to use U.S. tax attributes (including net operating losses and certain tax credits) to offset U.S. taxable income resulting from certain transactions.
Specifically, Section 7874 can apply in this manner if (i) the foreign corporation acquires, directly or indirectly, substantially all of the properties held directly or indirectly by a
U.S. corporation (including through an acquisition of the outstanding shares of the U.S. corporation), (ii) after the acquisition, the former shareholders of the acquired U.S. corporation hold
at least 60% (by either vote or value) but less than 80% (by vote and value) of the shares of the foreign acquiring corporation by reason of holding shares in the acquired U.S. corporation (including
the receipt of the foreign corporation's shares in exchange for the U.S. corporation's shares), or the 60% Ownership Test, and (iii) the foreign corporation's "expanded affiliated group" does
not have substantial business activities in the foreign corporation's country of organization or incorporation relative to such expanded affiliated group's worldwide activities. For purposes of
Section 7874, acquisitions of multiple U.S. corporations (and/or substantially all of the assets of multiple U.S. corporations) by a foreign corporation, if treated as part of a plan or series
of related transactions, may be treated as a single acquisition, in which case all shares of the foreign acquiring corporation received by the shareholders of the U.S. corporations would be aggregated
for purposes of the 60% Ownership Test. Where, pursuant to the same transaction, stock of the foreign acquiring corporation is received in exchange for stock of a U.S. corporation as well as other
property, the stock of the foreign acquiring corporation that was received in exchange for the stock of the U.S. corporation is determined based on the relative value of the stock of the U.S.
corporation compared with the aggregate value of such stock and such other property. 

 As
part of the separation, Adient will indirectly acquire assets, including stock of U.S. subsidiaries, from Johnson Controls, Inc., which is a U.S. corporation, in exchange for
Adient ordinary shares. It is currently not expected that Section 7874 will limit the ability of Adient's U.S. affiliates to use certain tax
attributes because, among other things, based on the rules for determining ownership under Section 7874 and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder and certain factual assumptions,
(i) the assets acquired from Johnson Controls, Inc. are not expected to constitute "substantially all" of the properties held directly or indirectly by Johnson Controls and
(ii) the shares received by reason of holding stock in the U.S. subsidiaries transferred in the separation are not expected to represent at least 60% (by either vote or value) of the relevant
shares. However, whether or not certain of the tests under Section 7874 are satisfied must be finally determined at the completion of the separation, by which time there could be adverse
changes in relevant facts and circumstances. In addition, as discussed above, the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 7874 are relatively new, complex and somewhat unclear and there
is limited guidance regarding the application of Section 7874 in circumstances similar to the separation. Moreover, the percentage of shares held by reason of holding stock of relevant U.S.
subsidiaries of Johnson Controls, Inc. will depend on the relative valuation of the assets transferred in connection with the separation and valuation matters can be subjective. 

 In
addition, the Temporary 7874 Regulations generally increase the likelihood that the relevant ownership percentages under Section 7874 will be exceeded and limit or eliminate
certain tax benefits to so-called inverted corporations and groups, including with respect to access to certain foreign earnings, post-inversion restructuring transactions and the ability to use
certain attributes and deductions. Although it is presently not expected that the Temporary 7874 Regulations will materially adversely affect the benefits of the separation or the ability of Adient's
U.S. affiliates to use certain U.S. tax attributes or deductions (and although it is possible that the Temporary 7874 Regulations could cause certain exceptions to the application of
Section 7874 to apply to the separation), the Temporary 7874 Regulations are new and complex, and there is limited guidance regarding their application. 

 42 

 Table of Contents 

 Accordingly,
there can be no assurance that the IRS would not assert that Section 7874 applies to limit the ability of the U.S. subsidiaries and affiliates of Adient to use
certain U.S. tax attributes or that such challenge would not be sustained by a court. If the relevant tests under Section 7874 are satisfied for any reason, or if changes in applicable law
adversely affect the application of the above rules to Adient, Adient's U.S. affiliates could be limited in their ability to use their U.S. tax attributes, if any, to offset taxable income resulting
from certain transactions, or could otherwise have their U.S. taxable income increased. 

 Please
see "Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences&#151;U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Separation to Adient&#151;Tax Residence of Adient for U.S.
Federal Tax Purposes" for a more detailed discussion of the application of Section 7874 to the separation. 

Adient's status as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes and the U.S. tax liabilities
of the Adient group could be affected by a change in law. 

 Under current law, Adient is expected to be treated as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes and Section 7874 is
not otherwise expected to apply to Adient or its affiliates as a result of the separation. However, changes to the rules contained in Section 7874 and the Treasury Regulations promulgated
thereunder, or other changes in law, could adversely affect Adient's and/or its affiliates' status as foreign corporations for U.S. federal tax purposes, the ability of Adient's U.S. affiliates to use
certain attributes or deductions, the Adient group's effective tax rate and/or future tax planning for the Adient group, and any such changes could have prospective or retroactive application to
Adient, its shareholders and affiliates, and/or the separation and distribution. 

 Recent
legislative and other proposals have aimed to expand the scope of U.S. corporate tax residence, including in such a way as could cause Adient and/or its affiliates to be treated
as U.S. corporations if the management and control of Adient or such affiliates were determined to be located primarily in the United States. In addition, recent legislative and other proposals have
aimed to expand the scope of Section 7874, or otherwise address certain perceived issues arising in connection with so-called inversion transactions. For example, a provision in the Obama
Administration's 2017 budget proposals, which if enacted in its present form, would be effective for transactions completed after December 31, 2016, as well as proposals that have been
introduced by members of Congress which, if enacted in their present form, would be effective retroactively to any transactions completed after May 8, 2014, would, among other things, treat a
foreign acquiring corporation as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes under Section 7874 if the former shareholders of the acquired U.S. corporation own more than 50% of the shares
of the foreign acquiring corporation after the transaction by reason of holding shares in the U.S. acquired corporation (including the receipt of the foreign corporation's shares in exchange for the
U.S. corporation's shares). Such or similar proposals, if made retroactively effective to transactions completed during the period in which the separation occurs, could cause Adient and/or its
affiliates to be treated as U.S. corporations for U.S. federal tax purposes. In such case, the Adient group would be subject to substantially greater U.S. tax liability than currently contemplated.
Other recent legislative and regulatory proposals (including, most recently, proposed legislation introduced by Democratic members of the House of Representatives on February 23, 2016, which,
if enacted in its present form, would be effective with respect to any transactions completed on or after May 8, 2014; proposed legislation introduced by Democratic members of the Senate on
March 10, 2016, which, if enacted in its present form, would be effective with respect to taxable years ending after March 9, 2016; proposed legislation introduced by Democratic members
of the Senate on March 10, 2016, which, if enacted in its present form, would be effective with respect to taxable years beginning after the date of enactment; and proposed Treasury Regulations
under Section 385 of the Code issued by the U.S. Treasury and the IRS on April 4, 2016), if enacted or finalized, could cause Adient's U.S. affiliates to be subject to certain
intercompany financing limitations, including with respect to their ability to deduct certain interest expense, and could cause Adient and its affiliates to 

 43 

 Table of Contents 

 recognize
additional taxable income. It is presently uncertain whether any such legislative proposals or any other legislation relating to Section 7874 or so-called inversion transactions will
be enacted into law or whether such proposed Treasury Regulations will be issued in final form and, if so, what impact such legislation or final Treasury Regulations would have on Adient and its
affiliates. 

 Any
change of law or regulatory action relating to Section 7874 or so-called inversion transactions or inverted groups could adversely impact Adient's and/or its affiliates' U.S.
tax status as foreign corporations as well as their financial position, flexibility and results in a material manner. 

The IRS may assert that Section 7874 applies to the separation as a result of the merger. 

 For purposes of Section 7874, if two or more foreign corporations directly or indirectly acquire, in the aggregate,
substantially all of the properties of a U.S. corporation, and such acquisitions are treated as part of a plan or a series of related transactions, then each such foreign corporation may be treated as
acquiring substantially all of the properties of such U.S. corporation. However, there is no specific guidance regarding how the percentage ownership of the former shareholders of such U.S.
corporation in each such foreign corporation is determined for purposes of Section 7874 in such circumstances. The IRS may assert that, even though the Tyco merger is a separate transaction
from the separation, the merger should be integrated with the separation and that Adient and/or its affiliates should therefore be treated as having acquired substantially all of the properties of
Johnson Controls, Inc. in the separation. In the event the IRS were to prevail with such assertion, the application of Section 7874 to the separation is not entirely clear. It is
possible that the determination of whether the 60% Ownership Test or the 80% Ownership Test is met with respect to the separation would be made by reference to the percentage of shares of Johnson
Controls held by the former shareholders of Johnson Controls, Inc. after the Tyco merger by reason of holding shares in Johnson Controls, Inc. Under this approach, based on certain
factual assumptions and current provisions of U.S. federal income tax law, it is expected that Adient would be respected as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes. However, there can be
no assurance that the IRS would not assert a different methodology and conclude that either the 60% Ownership Test or the 80% Ownership Test is satisfied. If the IRS were to prevail with such
assertion, the ability of Adient's U.S. affiliates to use certain U.S. tax attributes could be limited and/or Adient or its foreign affiliates could be treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal
tax purposes. If Adient or its affiliates were to be subject to such limitations or to be so treated, significant adverse tax consequences would result. 

Future changes to U.S. and non-U.S. tax laws could adversely affect Adient. 

 The U.S. Congress, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development and other government agencies in jurisdictions where
Adient and its affiliates do business have had an extended focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations. One example is in the area of "base erosion and profit shifting,"
including situations where payments are made between affiliates from a jurisdiction with high tax rates to a jurisdiction with lower tax rates. As a result, the tax laws in the United States and other
countries in which Adient and its affiliates do business could change on a prospective or retroactive basis, and any such changes could adversely affect Adient and its affiliates. 

Legislative action in the United States could materially adversely affect Adient. 

 Legislative action may be taken by the U.S. Congress which, if ultimately enacted, could limit the availability of tax benefits or
deductions that Adient and its affiliates currently claim, override tax treaties upon which Adient and its affiliates rely, or otherwise affect the taxes that the United States imposes on Adient's and
its affiliates' worldwide operations. Such changes could materially adversely affect Adient's effective tax rate and/or require Adient to take further action, at potentially significant expense, to
seek to preserve Adient's effective tax rate. In addition, if proposals were enacted that had the effect of limiting Adient's or its affiliates' ability to take advantage of tax treaties with the
United 

 44 

 Table of Contents 

 States,
Adient and/or its affiliates could incur additional tax expense and/or otherwise incur business detriment. 

Changes to the U.S. Model Income Tax Treaty could adversely affect Adient. 

 On February 17, 2016, the U.S. Treasury released a newly revised U.S. model income tax convention (the "model"), which is the
baseline text used by the U.S. Treasury to negotiate tax treaties. The new model treaty provisions were preceded by draft versions released by the
U.S. Treasury on May 20, 2015 (the "May 2015 draft") for public comment. The revisions made to the model address certain aspects of the model by modifying existing provisions and introducing
entirely new provisions. Specifically, the new provisions target (i) permanent establishments subject to little or no foreign tax, (ii) special tax regimes, (iii) "expatriated
entities" subject to Section 7874, (iv) the anti-treaty shopping measures of the limitation on benefits article and (v) subsequent changes in treaty partners' tax laws. 

 With
respect to the new model provisions pertaining to expatriated entities, because it is expected that the separation will not result in the creation of an "expatriated entity" as
defined in Section 7874, payments of interest, dividends, royalties and certain other items of income by or to Adient's U.S. affiliates to or from non-U.S. persons would not be expected to
become subject to full U.S. withholding tax, even if applicable treaties were subsequently amended to adopt the new model provisions. In response to comments that the U.S. Treasury received regarding
the May 2015 draft, the new model treaty provisions pertaining to expatriated entities fix the definition of "expatriated entity" to the meaning ascribed to such term under
Section 7874(a)(2)(A) as of the date the relevant bilateral treaty is signed. As discussed above, the rules under Section 7874 are relatively new, complex and are the subject of current
and future legislative and regulatory changes. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the IRS will agree with the position that the separation does not result in the creation of an "expatriated
entity" (within the meaning of Section 7874) under current law or law as in effect at the time the applicable treaty were amended or that any such challenge by the IRS would not be sustained by
a court, or that such position would not be affected by future or regulatory action which may apply retroactively to the separation. 

Legislative and other proposals that would deny governmental contracts to U.S. companies that move
their corporate location abroad may affect Adient if adopted. 

 Various U.S. federal and state legislative and other proposals that would deny governmental contracts to U.S. companies (and
subsidiaries of U.S. companies) that move (or have moved) their corporate location abroad may affect Adient and/or its affiliates if adopted. It is difficult to predict the likelihood that any such
proposals might be adopted, the nature of the regulations that might be promulgated, or the effect such adoptions and increased regulatory scrutiny might have on Adient's business. 

Ordinary shares of Adient received by means of a gift or inheritance could be subject to Irish
capital acquisitions tax. 

 Irish capital acquisitions tax, or CAT (currently levied at a rate of 33% above certain tax free thresholds), could apply to a gift or
inheritance of Adient ordinary shares irrespective of the place of residence, ordinary residence or domicile of the parties. This is because Adient ordinary shares are regarded as property situated in
Ireland for CAT purposes. The person who
receives the gift or inheritance has primary liability for CAT. See "Material Irish Income Tax Consequences&#151;Capital Acquisitions Tax." 

 45 

 Table of Contents 

Transfers of Adient ordinary shares, other than by means of the transfer of book-entry interests in
the Depository Trust Company, may be subject to Irish stamp duty. 

 It is expected that, for the majority of transfers of Adient ordinary shares, there will not be any Irish stamp duty. Transfers of
Adient ordinary shares effected by means of the transfer of book-entry interests in the Depository Trust Company, which we refer to as DTC, are not subject to Irish stamp duty. But if you hold your
Adient ordinary shares directly rather than beneficially through DTC, any transfer of your Adient ordinary shares could be subject to Irish stamp duty (currently at the rate of 1% of the higher of the
price paid or the market value of the shares acquired). A shareholder who directly holds Adient ordinary shares may transfer those shares into his or her own broker account to be held through DTC (or
vice versa) without giving rise to Irish stamp duty provided that there is no change in the beneficial ownership of the shares as a result of the transfer and the transfer is not in contemplation of a
sale of the shares by a beneficial owner to a third party. 

 Payment
of Irish stamp duty is generally a legal obligation of the transferee. The potential for stamp duty could adversely affect the price of your Adient ordinary shares. See "Material
Irish Income Tax Consequences&#151;Stamp Duty." 

In certain limited circumstances, dividends paid by Adient may be subject to Irish dividend
withholding tax. 

 In certain limited circumstances, Irish dividend withholding tax ("DWT") (currently at a rate of 20%) may arise in respect of dividends
paid on Adient ordinary shares. A number of exemptions from DWT exist pursuant to which shareholders resident in the United States and shareholders resident in the countries listed in Annex A
attached to this information statement (the "Relevant Territories") may be entitled to exemptions from DWT. 

 See
"Material Irish Income Tax Consequences&#151;Withholding Tax on Dividends" and, in particular, please note the requirement to complete certain relevant Irish Revenue
Commissioners DWT forms ("DWT Forms") in order to qualify for many of the exemptions. 

 Dividends
paid in respect of Adient ordinary shares that are owned by a U.S. resident and held through DTC will not be subject to DWT provided the address of the beneficial owner of such
shares in the records of the broker holding such shares is recorded as being in the United States (and such broker has further transmitted the relevant information to a qualifying intermediary
appointed by Adient). Similarly, dividends paid in respect of Adient ordinary shares that are held outside of DTC and are owned by a a resident of the United States will not be subject to DWT if such
shareholder satisfies the conditions of one of the exemptions including the requirement to furnish a completed IRS Form 6166 or a valid DWT Form to Adient's transfer agent to confirm U.S.
residence and claim an exemption. Adient shareholders resident in other Relevant Territories may also be eligible for exemption from DWT on dividends paid in respect of their Adient ordinary shares
provided they satisfy the conditions of one of the exemptions including the requirement to furnish valid DWT Forms to their brokers (in respect of such shares held through DTC) (and such broker has
further transmitted the relevant information to a qualifying intermediary appointed by Adient) or to Adient's transfer agent (in respect of such shares held outside of DTC). Other Adient shareholders
may be subject to DWT, which could adversely affect the price of your Adient ordinary shares. For more information on DWT, see "Material Irish Income Tax Consequences&#151;Withholding Tax on
Dividends." 

 46 

 Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 This information statement and other materials Johnson Controls and Adient have filed or will file with the SEC contain, or will
contain, certain forward-looking statements regarding business strategies, market potential, future financial performance and other matters. The words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "project" and
similar expressions, among others, generally identify "forward-looking statements," which speak only as of the date the statements were made. The matters discussed in these forward-looking statements
are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. In
particular, information included under "Risk Factors," "The Separation and Distribution," "Business," and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations"
contain forward-looking statements. Where, in any forward-looking statement, an expectation or belief as to future results or events is expressed, such expectation or belief is based on the current
plans and expectations of Adient management and expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the expectation or belief will result or be achieved
or accomplished. Except as may be required by law,
Adient undertakes no obligation to modify or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this information statement. Factors that could cause
actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated include the matters described under "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations." 

 47 

 Table of Contents 

 THE SEPARATION AND DISTRIBUTION 

Background and Overview 

 On July 24, 2015, Johnson Controls announced its intent to separate its automotive seating and interiors businesses into an
independent, publicly traded company&#151;Adient. To implement the separation, Johnson Controls will transfer its automotive seating and interiors businesses to Adient, and in return, Adient
will issue its ordinary shares to Johnson Controls shareholders, pro rata to their respective holdings. 

 On January 24, 2016, Johnson Controls, Inc. entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Tyco International plc and certain other parties named therein.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, on September 2, 2016, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Tyco merged with and into Johnson Controls, Inc., with Johnson Controls, Inc.
surviving as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Tyco. The combined company is now named "Johnson Controls International plc" and trades under the ticker "JCI." As a result, former
shareholders of both Johnson Controls, Inc. and Tyco who hold shares of the combined company as of the October 19, 2016 record date will receive Adient ordinary shares in the
distribution. References to "Johnson Controls" in this information statement therefore refer to Johnson Controls, Inc. prior to the merger and refer to Johnson Controls International plc
after the merger.

 On September 8, 2016, the Johnson Controls board of directors approved the transfer of Johnson Controls' automotive seating and interiors businesses to Adient in return for Adient
issuing ordinary shares to Johnson Controls shareholders on the basis of one Adient ordinary share for every ten Johnson Controls shares held as of the close of business on October 19, 2016,
the record date for the distribution.

 On October 31, 2016, the distribution date, each Johnson Controls shareholder will receive one Adient ordinary share for every ten shares of Johnson Controls held at the close of
business on the record date for the distribution, as described below. Johnson Controls shareholders will receive cash in lieu of any fractional Adient ordinary shares that they would have received
after application of this ratio. You will not be required to make any payment, surrender or exchange your Johnson Controls shares or take any other action to receive your ordinary shares of Adient in
the distribution. The distribution of Adient ordinary shares as described in this information statement is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions. For a more detailed description
of these conditions, see "&#151;Conditions to the Distribution."

Reasons for the Separation 

 The Johnson Controls board of directors determined that the creation of two independent public companies, with Adient operating Johnson
Controls' automotive seating and interiors businesses, and the new Johnson Controls operating the building efficiency and power solutions businesses is in the best interests of Johnson Controls and
its shareholders and approved the plan of separation. A wide variety of factors were considered by the Johnson Controls board of directors in evaluating the creation of independent public companies.
Among other things, the Johnson Controls board of directors considered the following potential benefits: 

 &#149; Strategic Focus. Enhance the ability of management of
each company to focus on their respective businesses and unique opportunities for long-term growth and profitability and to allocate capital and corporate resources in a manner that focuses on
achieving each company's own strategic priorities. 
 &#149; Strategic Flexibility. Provide each company with
increased flexibility to pursue acquisitions and other strategic alternatives without having to consider the potential impact on the businesses of the other company. 
 
 48 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; Access to Capital. Create two independent capital
structures that will afford each company direct access to the debt and equity capital markets to fund their respective growth strategies and to establish an appropriate capital structure for their
business needs. In addition, Adient and its affiliates will transfer to Johnson Controls approximately $3.0 billion in cash immediately prior to the distribution to fund inorganic and organic growth
as needed; 
 &#149; Management and Employee Incentives. Enhance each
company's flexibility to establish appropriate compensation policies, including non-cash equity-based compensation policies that are reflective of the performance of its operations and are designed to
attract and retain skilled employees. 
 &#149; Investor Perspectives. Allow investors to evaluate the
separate investment identities of each company, including the distinct merits, performance and future prospects of their respective businesses, and providing investors with a more targeted investment
opportunity. 

 Neither
Adient nor Johnson Controls can assure you that, following the separation, any of the benefits described above or otherwise will be realized to the extent anticipated or at all. 

 The
Johnson Controls board of directors also considered a number of potentially negative factors in evaluating the separation, including the potential loss of operational synergies from
operating as a consolidated entity; the potential loss of joint purchasing power; the potential exposure to operating in fewer industries reducing the ability to mitigate downturns in one business
against the others; potential disruptions to the company's businesses as a result of the spin-off, such as information technology disruptions; the risk that Johnson Controls would not achieve the
expected benefits of the separation; execution risks; and one-time costs. However, the board of directors concluded that the potential benefits of the separation outweighed these factors. 

Formation of Adient 

 Adient is currently a private limited company organized under the laws of Ireland, but will be re-registered as a public limited
company prior to the distribution. Adient was formed for the purpose of holding Johnson Controls' automotive seating and interiors businesses. Adient's one issued share is currently held beneficially
by an Irish corporate services provider (which is not a subsidiary of Johnson Controls). Prior to the transfer by Johnson Controls to Adient of its automotive seating and interiors businesses, Adient
will have no operations other than those incidental to its formation and in preparation for the separation. Johnson Controls will transfer its automotive seating and interiors businesses to Adient,
and in return, Adient will issue shares to Johnson Controls shareholders, pro rata to their respective holdings. 

When and How to Receive the Distribution 

 With the assistance of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., or Wells Fargo, Adient expects to issue its ordinary shares on October 31, 2016,
the distribution date, to all holders of outstanding Johnson Controls shares as of the close of business on October 19, 2016, the record date for the distribution. Wells Fargo will serve as the
settlement and distribution agent in connection with the distribution and the transfer agent and registrar for Adient ordinary shares.

 If
you own Johnson Controls shares as of the close of business on the record date for the distribution, Adient ordinary shares that you are entitled to receive in the distribution will
be issued electronically, as of the distribution date, to you in direct registration form or to your bank or brokerage firm on your behalf. If you are a registered holder, Wells Fargo will then mail
you a direct registration account statement that reflects your Adient ordinary shares. If you hold your shares through a bank or brokerage firm, your bank or brokerage firm will credit your account
for the shares. If you own Johnson Controls shares through the Johnson Controls dividend reinvestment plan, the 

 49 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient
ordinary shares you receive will be distributed electronically to you or to your brokerage firm on your behalf in book-entry form. Direct registration form refers to a method of recording share
ownership when no physical share certificates are issued to shareholders, as is the case in this
distribution. If you sell Johnson Controls shares in the "regular-way" market up to and including the distribution date, you will be selling your right to receive Adient ordinary shares in the
distribution. 

 Commencing
on or shortly after the distribution date, if you hold physical share certificates that represent your Johnson Controls shares and you are the registered holder of the shares
represented by those certificates, the distribution agent will mail to you an account statement that indicates the number of Adient ordinary shares that have been registered in book-entry form in your
name. 

 Most
Johnson Controls shareholders hold their shares through a bank or brokerage firm. In such cases, the bank or brokerage firm would be said to hold the shares in "street name" and
ownership would be recorded on the bank or brokerage firm's books. If you hold your Johnson Controls shares through a bank or brokerage firm, your bank or brokerage firm will credit your account for
the Adient ordinary shares that you are entitled to receive in the distribution. If you have any questions concerning the mechanics of having shares held in "street name," please contact your bank or
brokerage firm. 

Transferability of Shares You Receive 

 Adient ordinary shares distributed to holders in connection with the distribution will be transferable without registration under the
Securities Act, except for shares received by persons who may be deemed to be Adient affiliates. Persons who may be deemed to be Adient affiliates after the distribution generally include individuals
or entities that control, are controlled by or are under common control with Adient, which may include certain Adient executive officers, directors or principal shareholders. Securities held by Adient
affiliates will be subject to resale restrictions under the Securities Act. Adient affiliates will be permitted to sell Adient ordinary shares only pursuant to an effective registration statement or
an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, such as the exemption afforded by Rule 144 under the Securities Act. 

Number of Adient Ordinary Shares You Will Receive 

 For every ten shares of Johnson Controls that you own at the close of business on October 19, 2016, the record date for the
distribution, you will receive one Adient ordinary share on the distribution date. Adient will not issue any fractional Adient ordinary shares to Johnson Controls shareholders. Instead, if you are a
registered holder, Wells Fargo (which is sometimes referred to herein as the distribution agent) will aggregate fractional shares into whole shares, sell the whole shares in the open market at
prevailing market prices and distribute the aggregate cash proceeds (net of discounts and commissions) of the sales pro rata (based on the fractional share such holder would
otherwise be entitled to receive) to each holder who otherwise would have been entitled to receive a fractional share in the distribution. The distribution agent, in its sole discretion, without any
influence by Johnson Controls or Adient, will determine when, how, and through which broker-dealer and at what price to sell the whole shares. Any broker-dealer used by the distribution agent will not
be an affiliate of either Johnson Controls or Adient. Wells Fargo is not an affiliate of either Johnson Controls or Adient. Neither Adient nor Johnson Controls will be able to guarantee any minimum
sale price in connection with the sale of these shares. Recipients of cash in lieu of fractional shares will not be entitled to any interest on the amounts of payment made in lieu of fractional
shares.

 The
aggregate net cash proceeds of these sales of fractional shares will be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See "Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences" for an
explanation of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the distribution. If you hold physical certificates for shares of Johnson Controls and are the registered holder, you will receive a
check from the distribution agent in an amount equal to your pro rata share of the aggregate net cash proceeds of the sales. 

 50 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient
estimates that it will take approximately two weeks from the distribution date for the distribution agent to complete the distributions of the aggregate net cash proceeds. If you hold your
shares of Johnson Controls through a bank or brokerage firm, your bank or brokerage firm will receive, on your behalf, your pro rata share of the aggregate net cash proceeds of the sales and will
electronically credit your account for your share of such proceeds. 

Treatment of Equity Based Compensation 

 The employee matters agreement generally provides for the conversion of the outstanding awards granted under the Johnson Controls
equity compensation programs into adjusted awards relating to shares of Johnson Controls, or both shares of Johnson Controls and Adient ordinary shares. The adjusted awards generally will be subject
to the same or equivalent vesting conditions and other terms that applied to the applicable original Johnson Controls award immediately before the separation.

 Each
Johnson Controls stock option and each Johnson Controls stock appreciation right that is held by an employee who continues service with Johnson Controls following the distribution
date (whom we collectively refer to as "Johnson Controls allocated employees") or a former employee will be converted into an adjusted Johnson Controls stock option or stock appreciation right, as
applicable, with the exercise price and the number of shares subject to the stock option or stock appreciation right
adjusted to preserve the aggregate intrinsic value of the original Johnson Controls stock option or stock appreciation right as measured immediately before and immediately after the separation,
subject to rounding. Each Johnson Controls stock option and each Johnson Controls stock appreciation right that is held by an employee who will be an Adient employee following the separation (whom we
collectively refer to as "Adient allocated employees") will be converted into an adjusted Johnson Controls stock option or stock appreciation right, as applicable, and an Adient stock option or stock
appreciation right, as applicable. The exercise price and number of shares subject to each such stock option and stock appreciation right will be adjusted in order to preserve the aggregate intrinsic
value of the original Johnson Controls stock option or stock appreciation right, as measured immediately before and immediately after the separation, subject to rounding. 

 Holders
of outstanding Johnson Controls restricted stock unit awards who are Johnson Controls allocated employees or former employees will receive corresponding adjusted Johnson Controls
restricted stock unit awards, with the number of shares adjusted in each case to preserve the aggregate value of the original Johnson Controls award as measured immediately before and immediately
after the separation, subject to rounding. Holders of outstanding Johnson Controls restricted stock unit awards who are Adient allocated employees will retain those awards and also receive a
corresponding Adient restricted stock unit award covering a number of Adient ordinary shares that reflects the distribution to Johnson Controls shareholders, determined by applying the distribution
ratio to the shares underlying the applicable Johnson Controls award as though they were actual shares of Johnson Controls, subject to rounding. 

 For
purposes of vesting for all awards, continued employment with or service to Johnson Controls or Adient, as applicable, will be treated as continued employment with or service to
either Johnson Controls or both Johnson Controls and Adient, as applicable. 

Results of the Distribution 

 After the distribution, Adient will be an independent, publicly traded company. The actual number of shares to be distributed will be
determined at the close of business on October 19, 2016, the record date for the distribution, and will reflect any exercise of Johnson Controls options between the date the Johnson Controls
board of directors declares the distribution and the record date for the distribution. The distribution will not affect the number of outstanding shares of Johnson Controls or any rights of

 51 

 Table of Contents 

 Johnson
Controls shareholders. Johnson Controls will not distribute any fractional Adient ordinary shares. 

 Adient has entered into a separation agreement and other related agreements with Johnson Controls before the distribution to effect the separation and provide a framework for Adient's
relationship with Johnson Controls after the separation. These agreements provide for the allocation between Johnson Controls and Adient of Johnson Controls' assets, liabilities and obligations
(including its investments, property and employee benefits and tax-related assets and liabilities) attributable to periods prior to Adient's separation from Johnson Controls and will govern the
relationship between Johnson Controls and Adient after the separation. For a more detailed description of these agreements, see "Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions."

Market for Adient Ordinary Shares 

 There is currently no public trading market for Adient ordinary shares. Adient has applied to have its ordinary shares authorized for
listing on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "ADNT." Adient has not and will not set the initial price of its ordinary shares. The initial price will be established by the public markets.

 Adient
cannot predict the price at which its ordinary shares will trade after the distribution. In fact, the combined trading prices, after the separation, of the Adient ordinary shares
that each Johnson Controls shareholder will receive in the distribution and the shares of Johnson Controls held at the record date for the distribution may not equal the "regular-way" trading price of
a Johnson Controls share immediately prior to the separation. The price at which Adient ordinary shares trade may fluctuate significantly, particularly until an orderly public market develops. Trading
prices for Adient ordinary shares will be determined in the public markets and may be influenced by many factors. See "Risk Factors&#151;Risks Related to Adient Ordinary Shares." 

Trading Before Distribution Date 

 Beginning on or shortly before the record date for the distribution and continuing up to and including through the distribution date,
Johnson Controls expects that there will be two markets in Johnson Controls shares: a "regular-way" market and an "ex-distribution" market. Shares of Johnson Controls that trade on the "regular-way"
market will trade with an entitlement to Adient ordinary shares distributed pursuant to the separation. Shares of Johnson Controls that trade on the "ex-distribution" market will trade without an
entitlement to Adient ordinary shares distributed pursuant to the distribution. Therefore, if you sell shares of Johnson Controls in the "regular-way" market up to and including through the
distribution date, you will be selling your right to receive Adient ordinary shares in the distribution. If you own shares of Johnson Controls at the close of business on the record date and sell
those shares on the "ex-distribution" market up to and including through the distribution date, you will receive the Adient ordinary shares that you are entitled to receive pursuant to your ownership
as of the record date of the shares of Johnson Controls. 

 Furthermore,
beginning on or shortly before the record date for the distribution and continuing up to and including the distribution date, Adient expects that there will be a
"when-issued" market in its ordinary shares. "When-issued" trading refers to a sale or purchase made conditionally because the security has been authorized but not yet issued. The "when-issued"
trading market will be a market for Adient ordinary shares that will be distributed to holders of shares of Johnson Controls on the distribution date. If you owned shares of Johnson Controls at the
close of business on the record date for the distribution, you would be entitled to Adient ordinary shares distributed pursuant to the distribution. You may trade this entitlement to Adient ordinary
shares, without the shares of Johnson Controls you own, on the "when-issued" market. On the first trading day following the distribution 

 52 

 Table of Contents 

 date,
"when-issued" trading with respect to Adient ordinary shares will end, and "regular-way" trading will begin. 

Conditions to the Distribution 

 Adient has announced that the distribution will be effective at 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on October 31, 2016, which is
the distribution date, provided that the following
conditions shall have been satisfied (or waived by Johnson Controls in its sole discretion): 

 &#149; the transfer of assets and liabilities from Johnson Controls to Adient shall have been completed in accordance with the separation
agreement; 

 &#149; Adient and its affiliates shall have completed cash transfers to Johnson Controls totaling $3.0 billion, and Johnson Controls
shall be satisfied that it has no liability under the financing transactions entered into by Adient in connection with the separation; 

 &#149; the SEC shall have declared effective the registration statement on Form 10 of which this information statement forms a
part, and this information statement shall have been mailed to the Johnson Controls shareholders; 
 &#149; all actions or filings necessary or appropriate under applicable U.S. federal, U.S. state or other securities laws shall have been
taken and, where applicable, have become effective or been accepted by the applicable governmental entity; 
 &#149; the transaction agreements relating to the separation shall have been duly executed and delivered by the parties; 
 &#149; no order, injunction, or decree issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the
consummation of the separation, distribution or any of the related transactions shall be in effect; 
 &#149; the Adient ordinary shares to be distributed shall have been accepted for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to official
notice of distribution; and 
 &#149; no other event or development shall exist or have occurred that, in the judgment of the Johnson Controls board of directors, in its
sole discretion, makes it inadvisable to effect the separation, distribution and other related transactions. 

 Johnson
Controls and Adient cannot assure you that any or all of these conditions will be met and may also waive any of the conditions to the distribution. In addition, Johnson Controls
will have the sole and absolute discretion to determine (and change) the terms of, and whether to proceed with, the distribution and, to the extent it determines to so proceed, to determine the record
date for the distribution and the distribution date and the distribution ratio. Johnson Controls will also have sole discretion to waive any of the conditions to the distribution. Johnson Controls
does not intend to notify its shareholders of any modifications to the terms of the separation that, in the judgment of its board of directors, are not material. For example, the Johnson Controls
board of directors might consider material such matters as significant changes to the distribution ratio, the assets to be transferred in the separation or the liabilities to be assumed in the
separation. To the extent that the Johnson Controls board of directors determines that any modifications by Johnson Controls materially change the material terms of the distribution, Johnson Controls
will notify Johnson Controls shareholders in a manner reasonably calculated to inform them about the modification as may be required by law, by, for example, publishing a press release, filing a
current report on Form 8-K, or circulating a supplement to this information statement. 

 53 

 Table of Contents 

 DIVIDEND POLICY 

Dividend Policy 

 Following the distribution, Adient expects to pay a regular cash dividend. The timing, declaration, amount of and payment of any
dividends following the separation by Adient are within the discretion of its board of directors and will depend upon many factors, including Adient's financial condition, earnings, sufficiency of
distributable reserves, capital requirements of its operating subsidiaries, debt service obligations, covenants associated with certain of Adient's debt service obligations, legal requirements,
regulatory constraints, ability to gain access to capital markets, and other factors deemed relevant by its board of directors. Moreover, if Adient determines to pay any dividend in the future, there
can be no assurance that it will continue to pay such dividends or the amount of such dividends. 

Creation of Distributable Reserves 

 Under Irish law, dividends and distributions (including by way of the payment of cash dividends or share repurchases) may be made only
from "distributable reserves" on Adient's unconsolidated balance sheet prepared in accordance with the Irish Companies Act 2014. In addition, no distribution or dividend may be paid or made by Adient
unless the net assets of Adient are equal to, or exceed, the aggregate of Adient's share capital that has been paid up or that is payable in the future plus non-distributable reserves, and the
distribution does not reduce Adient's net assets below such aggregate. For more information regarding distributable reserves, see "Description of Adient's Share Capital&#151;Dividends" and
"Description of Adient's Share Capital&#151;Share Repurchases and Redemptions." 

 Immediately
following the separation and distribution, Adient's unconsolidated balance sheet will not contain any distributable reserves, and "shareholders' equity" on such balance sheet
will be comprised entirely of "share capital" (equal to the aggregate par value of Adient's ordinary shares issued in the distribution) and "share premium" (resulting from the issuance of Adient's
ordinary shares in the distribution and equal to (a) the aggregate value of Johnson Controls' automotive seating and interiors businesses at the time of its transfer to Adient less (b) the share
capital). Adient therefore will not have the ability to pay dividends (or make other forms of distributions) immediately following the distribution until it obtains the court approval described below
or creates distributable reserves as a result of the profitable operation of its business. 

 Following
the distribution, Adient expects to capitalize the reserve created pursuant to the internal restructuring transactions related to the distribution and implement a parallel
court-approved reduction of that capital in order to create a reserve of an equivalent amount of distributable reserves to support the payment of possible future dividends or future share repurchases.
The current nominee shareholder
of Adient is expected to pass a resolution that would (subject to the approval of the High Court of Ireland) create distributable reserves following the distribution by converting to distributable
reserves up to all of the share premium of Adient. To complete this process, Adient will seek the approval of the High Court of Ireland, which is required for the creation of distributable reserves to
be effective, as soon as practicable following the distribution. The approval of the High Court of Ireland is expected to be obtained within approximately two months of the consummation of the
distribution, but is dependent on a number of factors, such as the case load of the High Court of Ireland at the time of Adient's initial application, and court vacations. 

 Until
the High Court of Ireland approval is obtained or distributable reserves are created as a result of the profitable operation of Adient's business, Adient will not have sufficient
distributable reserves to make distributions by way of dividends, share repurchases or otherwise. Although Adient is not aware of any reason why the High Court of Ireland would not approve the
creation of distributable reserves, there is no guarantee that Adient will obtain such approval. 

 54 

 Table of Contents 

 CAPITALIZATION 

 The following table sets forth Adient's capitalization as of June 30, 2016, on a historical basis and on a pro forma basis to
give effect to the pro forma adjustments included in Adient's unaudited pro forma financial information. The information below is not necessarily indicative of what Adient's capitalization would have
been had the separation, distribution and related financing transactions been completed as of June 30, 2016. In addition, it is not indicative of Adient's future capitalization. This table
should be read in conjunction with "Selected Historical Combined Financial Data of Adient," "Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements," "Selected Historical Combined Financial Data
of Adient," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and Adient's combined financial statements and notes included in the "Index to Financial
Statements" section of this information statement. 

 As of June 30, 2016 

 (in millions)

 Historical 
 
 Pro Forma 
Adjustments 
 
 Pro Forma 

 (unaudited) 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

$ 
 120 

$ 
 523 

$ 
 643 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Debt, including current and long-term: 

 Short-term debt 

$ 
 22 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 22 

 Current portion of long-term debt 

 7 

 &#151; 

 7 

 Long-term debt 

 29 

 3,534 

 3,563 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total debt 

 58 

 3,534 

 3,592 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

 49 

 &#151; 

 49 

 Stockholders' equity 

 Ordinary Shares 

 &#151; 

 1 

 1 

 Additional Paid-in Capital 

 &#151; 

 2,372 

 2,372 

 Parent's net investment 

 5,137 

 (5,137 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

 (289 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (289 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Invested equity attributable to Adient 

 4,848 

 (2,764 
 ) 
 
 2,084 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Noncontrolling interests 

 131 

 &#151; 

 131 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total invested equity 

 4,979 

 (2,764 
 ) 
 
 2,215 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total capitalization 

$ 
 5,086 

$ 
 770 

$ 
 5,856 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 55 

 Table of Contents 

 SELECTED HISTORICAL COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA OF ADIENT 

 The following selected financial data reflect the combined operations of Adient. Adient derived the selected combined income statement
data for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 and selected combined balance sheet data as of June 30, 2016, as set forth below, from its unaudited combined financial statements,
which are included in the "Index to Financial Statements" section of this information statement. Adient derived the selected combined income statement data for the fiscal years ended
September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and the selected combined balance sheet data as of September 30, 2015 and 2014, as set forth below, from its audited combined financial statements,
which are included in the "Index to Financial Statements" section of this information statement. Adient derived the selected combined income statement data for the fiscal years ended
September 30, 2012 and 2011 and selected combined balance sheet data as of June 30, 2015 and September 30, 2013, 2012 and 2011 from Adient's underlying financial records, which
were derived from the financial records of Johnson Controls and are not included in this information statement. The historical results do not necessarily indicate the results expected for any future
period. To ensure a full understanding, you should read the selected combined financial data presented below in conjunction with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" and
the combined financial statements and accompanying notes included in the "Index to Financial Statements" section of this information statement. 

 As of or for the 
Nine Months Ended 
June 30, 
 
 As of or for the 
Fiscal Year Ended 
September 30, 

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 

 (unaudited) 
 
 (unaudited) 

 (unaudited) 
 
 (unaudited) 

 Statement of Operations: (dollars in millions) 

 Net sales(1) 

$ 
 12,893 

$ 
 15,909 

$ 
 20,071 

$ 
 22,041 

$ 
 20,470 

$ 
 19,986 

$ 
 18,776 

 Gross profit 

 1,244 

 1,470 

 1,852 

 1,953 

 1,575 

 1,501 

 1,496 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

 (820 
 ) 
 
 (906 
 ) 
 
 (1,131 
 ) 
 
 (1,308 
 ) 
 
 (1,203 
 ) 
 
 (1,079 
 ) 
 
 (1,065 
 ) 

 Gain (loss) on business divestitures&#151;net 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 137 

 (86 
 ) 
 
 29 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Restructuring and impairment costs 

 (244 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (182 
 ) 
 
 (158 
 ) 
 
 (280 
 ) 
 
 (143 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Net financing charges 

 (8 
 ) 
 
 (11 
 ) 
 
 (12 
 ) 
 
 (15 
 ) 
 
 (10 
 ) 
 
 (22 
 ) 
 
 (16 
 ) 

 Equity income 

 260 

 225 

 295 

 284 

 302 

 211 

 201 

 Income before income taxes 

 432 

 778 

 959 

 670 

 413 

 468 

 616 

 Income tax provision(2) 

 1,027 

 134 

 418 

 296 

 168 

 131 

 172 

 Net income (loss) 

 (595 
 ) 
 
 644 

 541 

 374 

 245 

 337 

 444 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 61 

 53 

 66 

 67 

 58 

 70 

 76 

 Net income (loss) attributable to Adient(3) 

$ 
 (656 
 ) 

$ 
 591 

$ 
 475 

$ 
 307 

$ 
 187 

$ 
 267 

$ 
 368 

 Balance Sheet Data: (dollars in millions) 

 Total assets 

$ 
 10,232 

$ 
 11,257 

$ 
 10,437 

$ 
 11,206 

$ 
 11,387 

$ 
 10,669 

$ 
 10,427 

 Working capital(4) 

 (201 
 ) 
 
 103 

 (205 
 ) 
 
 (436 
 ) 
 
 (430 
 ) 
 
 (51 
 ) 
 
 (290 
 ) 

 Long-term debt 

 29 

 38 

 35 

 46 

 58 

 75 

 84 

 Total debt 

 58 

 98 

 59 

 156 

 138 

 128 

 179 

 Invested equity attributable to Adient 

 4,848 

 5,800 

 5,626 

 5,453 

 5,582 

 5,558 

 5,204 

 Total debt to capitalization(5) 

 1 
 % 
 
 2 
 % 
 
 1 
 % 
 
 3 
 % 
 
 2 
 % 
 
 2 
 % 
 
 3 
 % 

 Other Data: (dollars in millions) 

 Capital expenditures 

$ 
 312 

$ 
 369 

$ 
 478 

$ 
 624 

$ 
 659 

$ 
 609 

$ 
 566 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 253 

 266 

 347 

 437 

 450 

 416 

 366 

 Employees at period end 

 74,000 

 92,000 

 76,000 

 88,000 

 89,000 

 89,000 

 81,000 

 (1) On
July 2, 2015, Adient completed its global automotive interiors joint venture with Yangfeng Automotive Trim Systems and deconsolidated the
contributed interiors business since that date resulting in lower consolidated net sales in 
 
 56 

 Table of Contents 

 subsequent
periods. Refer to "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for more information on the impact of this transaction on consolidated net sales. 

 (2) In
the nine months ended June 30, 2016, $85 million of tax expense relates to a non-recurring non-cash tax charge related to changes in entity
tax status associated with the proposed separation and $778 million of tax expense relates to the one-time non-cash change in assertion over permanently reinvested earnings as a result of the
separation. In the nine months ended June 30, 2015, $75 million of tax expense relates to a non-cash tax charge for Adient's change in assertion over permanently reinvested earnings
associated with the Interiors joint venture transaction.
 (3) Net
income attributable to Adient includes $6 million, $50 million, $13 million, $37 million and $1 million of net
mark-to-market charges on pension and postretirement plans in fiscal year 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.
 (4) Working
capital is defined as current assets less current liabilities.
 (5) Total
debt to capitalization represents total debt divided by the sum of total debt and invested equity attributable to Adient. 
 
 57 

 Table of Contents 

 UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The following unaudited pro forma financial statements illustrate the financial impacts of the separation and the related transactions
described below. The unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet gives effect to the separation and related transactions described below as if they had occurred on June 30, 2016. The unaudited
pro forma combined statements of income for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 and for the year ended September 30, 2015 give effect to the separation and related transactions described
below as if they occurred as of October 1, 2014, the first day of the last fiscal year. 

 The
unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet and statements of income have been derived from the historical audited combined annual and unaudited combined interim financial statements
of the automotive seating and interiors businesses of Johnson Controls included in the "Index to Financial Statements" section of this information statement. These adjustments give effect to events
that are (i) directly attributable to the distribution and related transaction agreements, (ii) factually supportable, and (iii) with respect to the statement of operations,
expected to have a continuing impact on Adient, such as: 

 &#149; the transfer from Johnson Controls to Adient of the assets and liabilities that comprise Adient's business; 
 &#149; the expected transfer to Adient of various corporate and other assets and liabilities not included in Adient's historical combined
balance sheet; 

 &#149; the incurrence of $3,534 million of debt, consisting of $1,134 million USD equivalent of eight year EUR bonds and
$900 million of ten year USD bonds and a $1,500 million five-year term loan, at a weighted average interest rate of 3.4%, and cash transfers to Johnson Controls of $3,000 million; 

 &#149; the expected issuance of approximately 93.5 million Adient ordinary shares;
and 

 &#149; the impact of the transition services agreement, the tax matters agreement, the employee matters agreement, the transitional trademark
license agreement and certain other agreements to be entered into by Johnson Controls and Adient. 

 The
unaudited pro forma combined financial statements are for informational purposes only and do not purport to represent what Adient's financial position and results of operations
actually would have been had the separation and related transactions occurred on the dates indicated, or to project Adient's financial performance for any future period. The unaudited pro forma
combined financial statements are based on information and assumptions, which are described in the accompanying notes. 

 The
Adient historical financial information, which was the basis for the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements, was prepared on a carve-out basis, as Adient was not operated
as a separate, independent company for the periods presented. Accordingly, such financial information reflects an allocation of certain corporate costs for corporate administrative services, including
general corporate expenses related to tax, treasury, finance, audit, risk management, legal, information technology, human resources, shareholder relations, compliance, shared services, insurance,
employee benefits, incentives and stock-based compensation. These historical allocations may not be indicative of Adient's future cost structure; however, the pro forma results have not been adjusted
to reflect any potential changes associated with Adient being an independent public company as such amounts are estimates that are not factually supportable. 

 Johnson
Controls will pay certain non-recurring third-party costs and expenses related to the separation. Such non-recurring amounts will include fees for financial advisors, outside
legal and accounting fees, costs to separate information technology systems and other similar costs. After the separation, each party will generally bear its own costs and expenses. 

 58 

 Table of Contents 

 The
unaudited pro forma combined financial statements reported below should be read in conjunction with the section herein entitled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations," as well as the historical audited combined annual financial statements and the unaudited combined interim financial statements and the corresponding notes
included in the "Index to Financial Statements" section of this information statement. 

 59 

 Table of Contents 

 ADIENT 
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF INCOME 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2015 

 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 Historical 
 
 Pro Forma 
Adjustments 

 Pro Forma 

 Net sales 

$ 
 20,071 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 20,071 

 Cost of sales 

 18,219 

 &#151; 

 18,219 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Gross profit 

 1,852 

 &#151; 

 1,852 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

 (1,131 
 ) 
 
 (19 
 ) 
 (F) 

 (1,150 
 ) 

 Gain (loss) on business divestitures&#151;net 

 137 

 &#151; 

 137 

 Restructuring and impairment costs 

 (182 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (182 
 ) 

 Net financing charges 

 (12 
 ) 
 
 (126 
 ) 
 (A) 

 (138 
 ) 

 Equity income 

 295 

 &#151; 

 295 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Income before income taxes 

 959 

 (145 
 ) 

 814 

 Income tax provision 

 418 

 (34 
 ) 
 (B) 

 384 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Net income 

 541 

 (111 
 ) 

 430 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 66 

 &#151; 

 66 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Net income attributable to Adient 

$ 
 475 

$ 
 (111 
 ) 

$ 
 364 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Earnings per share 

 Basic 

 n/a 

 3.89 
 
 (C) 

 Diluted 

 n/a 

 3.89 
 
 (D) 

 Weighted-average shares outstanding 

 Basic 

 n/a 

 93.5 
 
 (C) 

 Diluted 

 n/a 

 93.6 
 
 (D) 

 60 

 Table of Contents 

 ADIENT 
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF INCOME 
FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016 

 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 Historical 
 
 Pro Forma 
Adjustments 

 Pro Forma 

 Net sales 

$ 
 12,893 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 12,893 

 Cost of sales 

 11,649 

 &#151; 

 11,649 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Gross profit 

 1,244 

 &#151; 

 1,244 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

 (820 
 ) 
 
 231 
 
 (F)(I) 

 (589 
 ) 

 Restructuring costs 

 (244 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (244 
 ) 

 Net financing charges 

 (8 
 ) 
 
 (94 
 ) 
 (A) 

 (102 
 ) 

 Equity income 

 260 

 &#151; 

 260 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Income before income taxes 

 432 

 137 

 569 

 Income tax provision 

 1,027 

 (8 
 ) 
 (B) 

 1,019 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Net income (loss) 

 (595 
 ) 
 
 145 

 (450 
 ) 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 61 

 &#151; 

 61 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Net income (loss) attributable to Adient 

$ 
 (656 
 ) 

$ 
 145 

$ 
 (511 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Earnings per share 

 Basic 

 n/a 

 (5.46 
 ) 
 (C) 

 Diluted 

 n/a 

 (5.46 
 ) 
 (D) 

 Weighted-average shares outstanding 

 Basic 

 n/a 

 93.5 
 
 (C) 

 Diluted 

 n/a 

 93.5 
 
 (D) 

 61 

 Table of Contents 

 ADIENT 
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE SHEET 
AS OF JUNE 30, 2016 

 (in millions) 
 
 Historical 
 
 Pro Forma 
Adjustments 

 Pro Forma 

 Assets 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

$ 
 120 

$ 
 523 
 
 (E) 

$ 
 643 

 Accounts receivables&#151;net 

 2,132 

 &#151; 

 2,132 

 Inventories 

 691 

 &#151; 

 691 

 Other current assets 

 745 

 &#151; 

 745 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Current assets 

 3,688 

 523 

 4,211 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Property, plant and equipment&#151;net 

 2,079 

 &#151; 

 2,079 

 Goodwill 

 2,169 

 &#151; 

 2,169 

 Other intangible assets&#151;net 

 116 

 &#151; 

 116 

 Investments in partially-owned affiliates 

 1,694 

 &#151; 

 1,694 

 Other noncurrent assets 

 486 

 45 
 
 (H) 

 531 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets 

$ 
 10,232 

$ 
 568 

$ 
 10,800 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Liabilities and Equity 

 Short-term debt 

$ 
 22 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 22 

 Current portion of long-term debt 

 7 

 &#151; 

 7 

 Accounts payable 

 2,503 

 &#151; 

 2,503 

 Accrued compensation and benefits 

 409 

 &#151; 

 409 

 Restructuring reserve 

 367 

 &#151; 

 367 

 Other current liabilities 

 581 

 &#151; 

 581 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Current liabilities 

 3,889 

 &#151; 

 3,889 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Long-term debt 

 29 

 3,534 
 
 (E) 

 3,563 

 Pension and postretirement benefits 

 88 

 &#151; 

 88 

 Other noncurrent liabilities 

 1,198 

 (202 
 ) 
 (J) 

 996 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Long-term liabilities 

 1,315 

 3,332 

 4,647 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

 49 

 &#151; 

 49 

 Equity 

 Ordinary Shares 

 &#151; 

 1 
 
 (K) 

 1 

 Additional Paid-in Capital 

 &#151; 

 2,372 
 
 (G) 

 2,372 

 Parent's net investment 

 5,137 

 (5,137 
 ) 
 (G) 

 &#151; 

 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

 (289 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (289 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Invested equity attributable to Adient 

 4,848 

 (2,764 
 ) 

 2,084 

 Noncontrolling interests 

 131 

 &#151; 

 131 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total invested equity 

 4,979 

 (2,764 
 ) 

 2,215 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities and equity 

$ 
 10,232 

$ 
 568 

$ 
 10,800 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 62 

 Table of Contents 

 ADIENT 
THE AUTOMOTIVE BUSINESS OF JOHNSON CONTROLS 
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (A) Reflects
interest expense related to $3,534 million in debt that Adient has incurred in connection with the separation and amortization of deferred
debt issuance costs. The weighted average interest rate on the debt is 3.4%. Interest expense was calculated assuming constant debt levels throughout the periods. Interest expense may be higher or
lower if Adient's actual interest rate or credit ratings change. A 1 / 8 % change to the annual interest rate would change interest expense by $4.4 million on an annual
basis.

 (B) Reflects
the tax effects of the pro forma adjustments at the applicable statutory income tax rates in the respective jurisdictions. The effective tax rate
of Adient could be different (either higher or lower) depending on activities subsequent to the distribution.

 (C) The
number of Adient ordinary shares used to compute basic earnings per share is based on the number of Adient ordinary shares assumed to be outstanding on
the record date, based on the number of shares of Johnson Controls outstanding on September 12, 2016, assuming a distribution ratio of one Adient ordinary share for every ten Johnson Controls
shares outstanding as of the close of business on the record date.

 (D) The
number of shares used to compute diluted earnings per share is based on the number of Adient ordinary shares, as described in note (C) above,
plus the additional number of Adient shares that would be issued upon the exercise of all dilutive outstanding options and vesting of outstanding restricted stock awards.

 (E) Reflects
the incurrence of $3,534 million of debt, consisting of $1,134 million USD equivalent of eight year EUR bonds and $900 million
of ten year USD bonds and a $1,500 million five-year term loan, at a weighted average interest rate of 3.4%. This cash will be used to make cash transfers of $3,000 million to Johnson
Controls, with the remaining $534 million in cash to be held by Adient.

 Total
cash on hand, as reflected in the pro forma balance sheet, will be subject to a post-distribution adjustment in the separation agreement. The adjustment will consist of the following
items: 

 &#149; $489 million&#151;$534 million of proceeds from the debt issuance discussed above less
$45 million of deferred financing costs described in Note (H).

 &#149; $16 million&#151;incremental cash balances in jurisdictions that are not readily accessible or that legally
belong to joint venture partners. 
 &#149; $58 million&#151;funding by JCI of historical amounts of Adient's short-term and long-term debt, not
settled as a result of the separation. 
 &#149; ($40) million&#151;net amount to be paid by Adient to Johnson Controls for various items agreed to in the
separation agreements.

 (F) Reflects
the removal of multi-employer pension plan credits incurred during the historical period (($23) million for the nine months ended
June 30, 2016 and ($19) million for the year ended September 30, 2015) for pension plans that will remain with Johnson Controls as a direct result of Adient separating from
Johnson Controls. 
 63 

 Table of Contents 

 (G) Represents
the elimination of Parent's net investment and adjustments to capital in excess of par to reflect the following: 

 Reclassification of Parent's net investment 

$ 
 5,137 

 Net proceeds transferred to JCI as described in Note (E) 

 (3,000 
 ) 

 Establishment of cash and cash equivalents as described in Note (E), net of debt issuance proceeds retained by Adient 

 34 

 Adjustment to establish uncertain tax position as described in Note (J) 

 202 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total Parent's net investment 

 2,373 

 Adient ordinary shares described in Note (K) 

 1 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total additional paid-in capital 

$ 
 2,372 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (H) Reflects
debt issuance costs of $45 million expected to be incurred and capitalized with respect to the debt issuances described in note (E)
above.

 (I) Reflects
the removal of $254 million of separation costs incurred and reflected in the historical results of Adient that are directly related to the
separation of Adient from Johnson Controls.
 (J) Reflects
$202 million of pro forma adjustments impacting noncurrent tax balances for expected uncertain tax positions related to unresolved tax
matters that will remain with Adient in connection with the separation. The adjustment relates to unresolved tax matters that will be the responsibility of Johnson Controls per the tax matters
agreement. The tax matters agreement will govern the rights and obligations of Johnson Controls and Adient for certain tax liabilities. The actual amounts that may be accrued or incurred under the tax
matters agreement will depend on a number of factors, including the outcome of the unresolved tax matters.
 (K) On
the distribution date, Johnson Controls' net investment in Adient will be re-designated as Adient Shareholders' Equity and will be allocated between
Adient's ordinary shares (par value of $0.001 per share) and additional paid-in capital based on the number of Adient ordinary shares outstanding on the distribution date. 
 64 

 Table of Contents 

 BUSINESS 

Overview 

 Adient is the world's largest automotive seating supplier.* Adient has a leading market position in the Americas, Europe and China, and
has longstanding relationships with the largest global original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, in the automotive space. Adient's proprietary technologies extend into virtually every area of
automotive seating solutions, including complete seating systems, frames, mechanisms, foam, head restraints, armrests, trim covers and fabrics. Adient will be an independent seat supplier with global
scale and the capability to design, develop,
engineer, manufacture and deliver complete seat systems and components in every major automotive producing region in the world. Adient also participates in the automotive interiors market primarily
through its joint venture in China, Yanfeng Global Automotive Interior Systems Co., Ltd., or YFAI. 

 The
current legal name of Adient is Adient Limited. Adient was incorporated under the laws of Ireland on June 24, 2016 as a private limited company, but will be re-registered as a
public limited company prior to the distribution. Adient's fiscal year ends on September 30 each year. Adient's registered office address is 25-28 North Wall Quay, IFSC, Dublin 1, Ireland.
Adient's corporate offices will be located in Plymouth, Michigan; Milwaukee, Wisconsin; Burscheid, Germany; and Shanghai, China. 

 Adient
designs, manufactures and markets a full range of seating systems and components for passenger cars, commercial vehicles and light trucks, including vans, pick-up trucks and
sport/crossover utility vehicles. Adient also supplies high performance seating systems to the international motorsports industry through its award winning RECARO brand of products. Adient operates
approximately 230 wholly- and majority-owned manufacturing or assembly facilities, with operations in 33 countries. Additionally, Adient has partially-owned affiliates in China, Asia, Europe and North
America. 

 Adient's
business model is focused on developing and maintaining long-term customer relationships, which has allowed Adient to successfully grow with leading global OEMs, including BMW,
Daimler AG, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, Ford Motor Company, General Motors Company, Honda Motor Company, Hyundai Motor Company, Jaguar Land Rover, Kia Motor Company, Mazda Motor Company, Mitsubishi
Motors, Nissan Motor Company, PSA Peugeot Citroen, Renault, Suzuki, Toyota Motor Corporation, Volkswagen AG and Volvo. Adient also supplies most of the growing regional OEMs such as BAIC
Motor Co., Ltd., Brilliance Auto Group, Changan Automobile (Group) Co., Ltd., FAW Group Corporation, Great Wall Motors Company Limited, SAIC Motor Corporation Limited, Tata
Motors Limited and Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co., Ltd and newer auto manufacturers such as Tesla Motors, Inc. Adient and its engineers work closely with customers as vehicle
platforms are developed, which results in close ties with key decision makers at OEM customers. 

 In
fiscal 2015, 50% of Adient's consolidated revenue was derived from the Americas, 39% from Europe and Africa, 8% from Asia Pacific and 3% from China. Adient's unconsolidated revenue
was primarily from joint ventures in China. Adient's regional balance is evident when Adient's consolidated and unconsolidated sales are viewed together. 

 * Based
on production volumes. Source: IHS Automotive 
 65 

 Table of Contents 

 In
fiscal 2015, 29% of Adient's consolidated revenue was attributable to European OEMs, 27% to Japanese and Korean OEMs, 5% to Chinese OEMs and 34% to North American
OEMs. This balanced portfolio has allowed Adient to effectively manage OEM share gains and losses and has provided protection against regional economic cycles. 

 66 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient
has a leading market share position in China with a portfolio of successful joint venture partnerships with key Chinese OEM partners. Adient is the largest supplier of
"just-in-time" seating in China.* Adient operates through 17 joint ventures and has 60 manufacturing locations in 32 cities, which are supported by additional technical centers. Adient participates in
the automotive interiors market through its approximately 30% equity interest in YFAI. YFAI is one of the largest suppliers of automotive interiors, generating revenue through the sale of instrument
panels, floor consoles, door panels, overhead consoles, cockpit systems, decorative trim and other products. YFAI supplies automotive interior products to a majority of the world's major OEMs. For the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, Adient's unconsolidated joint ventures generated approximately $295 million in aggregate equity income and paid cash dividends to Adient of
approximately $193 million in the aggregate. 

 Cash Dividends and Equity Income from Joint Ventures 

 &#134; Includes
$106 million and $3 million of non-cash gains related to fair value adjustments of Adient's existing equity investments in
FY2013 and FY2012, respectively. No such gains existed in FY2015, FY2014 and FY2011. 

 As
a stand-alone public company, Adient is committed to be the world's premier automotive seating supplier through leadership in cost, quality, launch execution and customer
satisfaction. Through its global footprint, vertical integration and partnerships in China, Adient has leveraged its capabilities to drive growth in the automotive seating industry. Adient intends to
leverage these capabilities to further grow its seating business and potentially enter into additional product markets adjacent to the automotive industry. Adient evaluates its success from the
perspective of its shareholders, customers, partners and employees. 

 For
the nine months ended June 30, 2016, Adient generated revenue of $12.9 billion, as compared to revenue of $15.9 billion generated for the nine months ended
June 30, 2015. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, Adient generated revenue of $20.1 billion, as compared to revenue of $22.0 billion generated for the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2014. The lower revenue in the first three quarters of fiscal year 2016 and for the full fiscal year 2015 compared to the corresponding prior periods results primarily
from the completion of the YFAI joint venture on July 2, 2015 and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation. 

 * Based
on production volumes. Source: IHS Automotive 
 67 

 Table of Contents 

Competitive Strengths 

 Adient possesses a number of competitive advantages that distinguish it from its competitors, including: 

Global Market Leadership 

 Adient has leading market shares in the automotive seating markets in North America and Europe, and a leading market share in China,
the world's largest and one of the fastest-growing automotive markets. Management estimates Adient's automotive seating market share to be at least 35% in both North America and Europe.
IHS Automotive estimates Adient's automotive seating market share to be approximately 45% in China, which is greater than any of Adient's competitors. Additionally, management intends to
continue investing in the Asia region, one of the fastest-growing regions. 

 Adient
has longstanding relationships with premier automotive manufacturers, including BMW Group, Daimler AG, Ford Motor Company, General Motors Company, Hyundai/Kia Motors Corp, Toyota
Motor Corporation, Volkswagen AG and Volvo Group. The majority of these relationships span more than 20 years. Additionally, Adient has 17 joint venture partnerships with key Chinese OEMs,
including SAIC Motor Corporation Limited, Beijing Automobile Works Co., Ltd. and FAW Group Corporation. 

Longstanding Customer Relationships with Leading Global OEMs 

 Adient works with OEMs to develop complete seating solutions to meet and exceed consumer expectations for performance, safety
and comfort. Adient does business with all major global OEM customers, and in many cases, works closely with those customers to develop a seating solution integrated into the overall vehicle
appearance and architecture. As a result, the people and businesses of Adient have been recognized for their leadership by many awards from the industry and from customers,
including: 

 &#149; 2015 Hyundai-Kia Technology 5 Star certification to Johnson Controls Automotive Korea for achieving the highest level of research and
development; 
 &#149; 2015 J.D. Power Award Highest Quality Seating in three vehicle segments: the luxury SUV segment for the Land Rover Evoque, the mass
market midsize/large car segment for the Kia Cadenza and the mass market midsize/large SUV segment for the Hyundai Santa Fe; 
 &#149; 2015 Toyota Superior Toyota New Global Architecture Promotion Award for developing a next-generation front seat structure meeting
Toyota's increased safety requirements and reducing weight, complexity of components and costs; 
 &#149; 2015 Automotive Interiors Expo Supplier of the Year (second time), as determined by an independent panel of international automobile
journalists; 
 &#149; 2015 Nissan Japan Regional Quality Award to Johnson Controls Japan (second consecutive year); 
 &#149; 2014 General Motors Supplier of the Year Award and Overdrive Award (fifth time) for, among other things, its collaboration with
General Motors to execute continuous improvement and deliver sustainable value in General Motors' seats; 
 &#149; 2014 FCA US LLC Diversity Supplier Development Supplier of the Year and Technical Cost Reduction Supplier of the Year; 
 &#149; 2014 J.D. Power Award Highest Quality Seating in three vehicle segments: the luxury SUV segment for the Land Rover Evoque and the
Porsche Cayenne, the mass market truck/van 
 
 68 

 Table of Contents 

 segment
for the Ford F-150 Light Duty and the F-250/350 Super Duty trucks and the mass market midsize/large SUV segment for the Honda Pilot; 

 &#149; 2014 J.D. Power Award Highest Quality Seating in the mass market truck/van vehicle segment for the Toyota Tacoma and Toyota Tundra
awarded to Avanzar Interior Technologies, Ltd, a joint venture of Adient; 
 &#149; 25 awards in 2014 from 11 OEM customers in China, including Excellence Supplier Award, Top 10 Supplier Award, Quality Award,
Truck Excellence Supplier Award and Supply Chain Integration Award; 
 &#149; 2013 Minority Manufacturer of the Year award to Bridgewater Interiors, a joint venture of Adient, an award by the U.S. Department of
Commerce's Minority Business Development Agency; 
 &#149; 2013 J.D. Power Award Highest Quality Seating in two vehicle segments: the mass market midsize/large SUVs for the Toyota Venza and
Hyundai Santa Fe and the mass market trucks/vans for the Ford F-250/350 Super Duty; and 
 &#149; 28 awards in 2013 from 20 OEM customers in China, including Excellence Supplier Award, Top 10 Supplier Award, Region Quality
Award, Excellent Quality Award and Logistics Development Award. 

Extensive Global Manufacturing Footprint and Functional Expertise 

 Adient operates a global network of approximately 230 manufacturing plants in 33 countries that supplies automotive OEMs with
complete seats, modules and components. In fiscal 2015, the businesses that will constitute Adient delivered more than 25 million seat systems on a "just-in-time or in-sequence" basis globally.
Those businesses supplied seating systems on more than 360 nameplates to 40 different OEMs. Adient's industry-leading technologies complement proven expertise in consumer insights and
marketing, value product planning, product design for cost, design for manufacturing, system integration, evaluation, validation and manufacturing. Adient's approximately 74,000 highly skilled and
engaged employees have earned a reputation for delivering high quality, value-added seating and interiors products that support auto manufacturers' goal of brand differentiation. 

Global Development Network 

 Adient's expertise in innovation and development represents a key competitive differentiator in the automotive seating business. In the
development process, key downstream elements of the product are locked in, including material costs, plant conversion costs, quality characteristics and certain technical requirements. Adient uses a
common product development process globally that ensures that these elements are correct at the outset of the development process, reflects the best practices of Adient's operations worldwide and
meets the expectations of Adient's diverse customer base. Its product launch system is customizable and scalable based on customer and product requirements. 

 Adient's
worldwide engineering network includes ten core development centers, which employ more than 5,600 employees who work in focused engineering development teams worldwide. These
development centers utilize a globally consistent approach to the process for developing seating products. By leveraging a network of subject matter technical experts, Adient is able to efficiently
implement best practices and improve product cost and quality. Adient's product development practices also entail leveraging low cost country development centers in India, China and Slovakia. 

 69 

 Table of Contents 

 Development Centers 

 Plymouth (USA) 
 
 Trencin (Slovakia) 

 Burscheid (Germany) 
 
 Yokohama (Japan) 

 Solingen (Germany) 
 
 Shanghai (China) 

 Kaiserslautern (Germany) 
 
 Changchun (China) 

 Ansan (South Korea) 
 
 Pune (India) 

Strong Platform for Global Growth 

 Adient's current global platform creates multiple opportunities for growth, such as: 

 &#149; Market share expansion in seating and seating
components. Adient has extensive relationships with global OEM customers. These relationships, combined with Adient's product offerings,
enhance Adient's ability to expand its business with regional customers who are growing and expanding globally and also with new entrants to the automotive market. 
 &#149; Regional growth opportunities. Adient is able to leverage
its position as the market leader in Europe, North America and China to grow in other markets, such as Southeast Asia. 
 &#149; Vertical integration. Adient's efficient operations
provide opportunities for continued vertical integration in areas that could enhance Adient's capabilities, expand profit margins and grow revenues with customers who employ component sourcing
strategies. Adient believes that as a vertically integrated supplier with global scale and strong design, engineering and lean manufacturing capabilities in both complete seat systems and components,
it is well positioned to benefit from these opportunities. 
 &#149; Business expansion. Adient will be able to leverage its
track record of low cost, high quality, effectively executed product launches and ability to maintain high customer satisfaction to pursue growth into additional product markets adjacent to the
automotive industry. 

Experienced Leadership Team with Proven Track Record 

 Adient has a strong, highly capable global management team with extensive experience both within the industry and with Adient. Adient's
leadership draws experience from several industrial manufacturing industries, including automotive. Senior leadership is also globally diverse and combines regional understanding of the automotive
supply market with a global perspective. R. Bruce McDonald, who will be Adient's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, brings more than 25 years of industry experience and has operated in
various leadership roles within Johnson Controls, including Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Cathleen A. Ebacher, who will be Adient's Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, has
served more than six years at Johnson Controls, most recently as Vice President and Global General Counsel&#151;Centers of Excellence, and has served more than 20 years in a variety of
senior management and legal positions at other companies. Byron S. Foster, who will be an Executive Vice President of Adient, has served more than 18 years at Johnson Controls, most recently as
Vice President & General Manager&#151;Complete Seat and Strategy of Johnson Controls' Automotive Experience business. Neil E. Marchuk, who has more than 30 years of management and
human resources experience, will be named Adient's Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer. Eric S. Mitchell, who has served more than 10 years at Johnson Controls, most
recently as Vice President & General Manager, North America of Johnson Controls' Building Efficiency business, will be an Executive Vice President of Adient. Mark Skonieczny Jr., who will be
Adient's Vice President and Corporate Controller, has served more than 15 years at Johnson Controls and was Vice President of Finance, Global Aftermarket of Johnson Controls' Power Solutions
segment before being appointed Vice President of Corporate Development. Jeffrey M. Stafeil, who will be Adient's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has more than 24 years of
industry 

 70 

 Table of Contents 

 experience
and has operated in various financial leadership roles at companies in the automotive industry. 

Business Strategy 

 Adient seeks to grow its business through the following strategies, among others: 

Strong Cash Flow Generation 

 Adient expects to generate strong cash flows following the separation. It will use this cash flow generation initially to support debt
service. The anticipated free cash flow generated by Adient should allow it to pay down debt and invest in the business to support organic growth. Excess cash flow could also allow Adient to pursue
other alternatives, including new capital investment projects, strategic acquisitions and the return of capital to shareholders through a combination of dividends and/or share repurchases. However,
there can be no guarantee that Adient will pay dividends in a timely manner, or at all, or that Adient will repurchase any of its shares or the price at which any such repurchase may occur. 

Maintain Customer Focus and Commercial Management 

 Through dedicated customer teams, Adient maintains close relationships with its global OEM customers. These relationships enable Adient
to clearly understand its customers' needs so that it is positioned to meet its customers' requirements. Adient's customer teams lead the new business acquisition process, which ensures alignment with
Adient's product, process and manufacturing strategies. These teams partner with customers in identifying optimal product solutions to meet product demand, and also lead commercial negotiations with
Adient's customers. Adient believes that its commercial teams excel at balancing these commercial topics to find "win / win" solutions for the customer and for Adient and intends to continue this
approach after the separation. 

 To
enhance customer experience and drive loyalty, Adient gathers customer feedback through annual "voice of the customer" surveys. Customer input from these surveys, as well as daily
customer interaction, guides Adient's improvement activities in quality, cost and delivery. Input from customers, tracked using a customer relationship management tool to improve account management,
enables prompt attention to customer concerns. Adient expects that its commercial management efforts will continue to yield outstanding performance and results. 

Drive Product Innovation and Process Leadership 

 Adient has a strong record for developing winning product and process technologies over many years, which has created a competitive
advantage for Adient and its customers. Management expects to increase investment in innovation following the separation. Recent product innovation examples
include: 

 &#149; T3000 recliner, which offers increased seating recliner strength in a smaller, lighter weight package as compared to Adient's previous
generation product; and 
 &#149; Vibratech foam, which provides less vibration transmittance to the occupant which reduces fatigue and results in superior long- and
short-term comfort in the seat, as compared to a traditional foam cushion (as measured using the industry's Seating Effective Amplitude Transmissibility test). 

 Adient
utilizes a Global Core Product Portfolio, or CPP, strategy for part and design reuse in all of its product applications. Adient intends to continue investing in its core product
portfolio to sustain and expand its market success and to leverage its existing modular and scalable systems and interchangeable components. Through the CPP strategy, Adient provides high quality
products for its customers with 

 71 

 Table of Contents 

 market
competitive cost and mass (low weight to improve fuel economy) while meeting their performance requirements. Adient intends to continue using CPP to advance Adient's lean manufacturing
initiatives by providing standard, flexible processes that reduce complexity, inventory and floor space. This will yield reductions in development time, product cost and investment. 

 Product
templates and knowledge documents are continually updated with lessons learned from previous development programs. Knowledge is transferred from these templates into the next
program design, drawings and documents. This development strategy has reduced the average seating program development time by approximately 35%. The continued use of this process will add value to
customers' products and Adient through higher performing products, development time compression and lower costs. 

 Adient
is also investing in a new Product Lifecycle Management, or PLM, system. This system is an interactive and interdisciplinary collaboration tool that will serve as a management
database for program, product and process related data and simplifies the management of automotive seating programs and associated data. It is also expected to aid in the standardization of the
development process and in communication with all sites that support global program execution. The PLM system not only will serve as storage for data and documents, but also will support workflow,
schedule and change management of ongoing or upcoming programs, thereby enabling effective decision making and program management. 

 For
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, Adient spent approximately $599 million on research activities relating to product development and improvement. Of this amount,
approximately $364 million was spent on customer-sponsored research activities that were reimbursed by customers, and approximately $235 million was spent on company-sponsored research and
development. 

Further Strengthen Leadership Position in China 

 Adient has an advantaged position in China established through strategic partnerships it developed as an early market entrant. Adient
is the largest supplier of "just-in-time" seating in China.* It operates through 17 joint ventures with 60 manufacturing locations in 32 cities, which are supported by additional technical centers.
Adient's strong position with European and American automakers is complemented by partnerships with all major auto groups in China, which has resulted in Adient's broad market penetration relative to
seating competitors and market leadership in the industry's largest and one of the fastest-growing markets. Adient leverages its operating expertise and innovation capabilities developed worldwide to
further support its growth in China. Adient expects revenues in China to continue to grow as the automotive market there continues to expand. 

Leverage Operational Efficiencies 

 Adient intends to maintain high capacity utilization and increase its efficiency through continued use of standardized manufacturing
processes, which represent a core competency. These standardized manufacturing processes allow Adient to deliver exceptional quality levels and minimize waste. Adient achieves scale advantages through
a global manufacturing footprint and an integrated supply chain. Adient fosters an environment of continuous improvement and identifies best business practices through the analysis of process and cost
metrics, which are then shared globally throughout Adient's manufacturing network. 

 To
ensure superior service levels, minimal inventory and optimal factory utilization, Adient employs a rigorous Sales & Operational Planning, or S&OP, process. A well-executed
S&OP provides two strategic advantages: superior customer service and on-time delivery which result in both customer retention and the opportunity for market share gain. 

 * Based
on production volumes. Source: IHS Automotive 
 72 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient's focus on global operational efficiencies will also be applied to its corporate cost structure, which Adient expects will produce a lean corporate
overhead structure. Adient believes that maintaining a lean and operationally efficient process throughout the organization will enable it to be a market leader in cost and that this will result in
increased customer satisfaction and margin expansion. Adient also intends to continue streamlining the mechanisms and structures operations, which are capital intensive with long lead times and
designs that span multiple vehicle platforms. Adient has made progress integrating product and process technologies across metal structures and mechanisms; however, opportunities still exist to
streamline the product and process portfolio. 

Segment Information 

 See Note 18, "Segment Information," of the notes to the combined financial statements included in this information statement for
certain financial information about segments. 

Product/Systems 

 Adient designs and manufactures a full range of seating systems and components for passenger cars, commercial vehicles and light
trucks, including vans, pick-up trucks and sport/crossover utility vehicles. Adient's technologies extend into virtually every area of automotive seating solutions including complete seating systems,
frames, mechanisms, foam, head restraints, armrests, trim covers and fabrics. Adient also supplies high performance seating systems to the international motorsports industry through its award winning
RECARO brand of products. 

Customers 

 Adient is a supplier to all of the global OEMs. Adient's customer base is balanced, with approximately 29% of fiscal 2015
consolidated revenue attributable to European OEMs, 27% to Japanese and Korean OEMs, 5% to Chinese OEMs and 34% to North American OEMs. Adient has longstanding relationships with premier automotive
manufacturers, including BMW Group, Daimler AG, Ford Motor Company, General Motors Company, Hyundai/Kia Motors Corp, Toyota Motor Corporation, Volkswagen AG and Volvo Group. The majority of these
relationships span more than 20 years. Additionally, Adient has more than 20 joint venture partnerships with key OEMs, including SAIC Motor Corporation Limited, Beijing Automobile
Works Co., Ltd. and FAW Group Corporation. 

Industry 

 The Automotive Seating industry provides OEMs with complete seats on a "just-in-time or in-sequence" basis. Seats are assembled
to specific order and delivered on a predetermined schedule directly to an automotive assembly line. The components for these complete seat assemblies such as seating foam, metal structures, fabrics,
seat covers and seat mechanisms are shipped to Adient or competitor seating assembly plants. Adient is the world's largest* in complete seat assembly and one of the largest in all major seating
components, operating manufacturing plants that produce seating foam, metal structures, fabrics, seat covers and seat mechanisms. 

 Overall,
Adient expects long-term growth of vehicle sales and production in the OEM market. The industry has experienced growth over the past few years in nearly all geographic regions
with the exceptions being South America and Japan/Korea, where vehicle production has declined over the same period. Vehicle production increased by 3% in Europe, 2% in Greater China, 1% in South Asia
and 

 * Based
on production volumes. Source: IHS Automotive 
 73 

 Table of Contents 

 4%
in North America, and decreased by 16% in South America and 5% in Japan/Korea in fiscal year 2015, in each case as compared to fiscal year 2014. 

 Demand
for automotive parts in the OEM market is generally a function of the number of new vehicles produced, which is primarily driven by macro-economic factors such as credit
availability, interest rates, fuel prices, consumer confidence, employment and other trends. Although OEM demand is tied to actual vehicle production, participants in the automotive supplier industry
also have the opportunity to grow through increasing product content per vehicle by further penetrating business with existing customers and in existing markets, gaining new customers and increasing
their presence in global markets. Adient believes that, as a company with a global presence and advanced technology, engineering, manufacturing and customer support capabilities, it is well positioned
to benefit from these opportunities. In addition, Adient expects to leverage these capabilities to pursue future growth in adjacent markets. 

Sourcing Patterns by OEMs 

 Most OEMs have adopted global vehicle platforms to increase standardization, reduce per unit cost and increase capital
efficiency and profitability. In seating, three sourcing patterns have emerged over the past five years: 

 1. Core seat structures : By developing common front seat frames and mechanisms across multiple
vehicle platforms, OEMs are reducing costs.
 2. Component sourcing : Several OEMs have shifted from sourcing a complete seating system to
a components approach where the OEM sources each of the different components of the seat and seating assembly as separate business awards.
 3. Engineering "in-sourcing" : Some OEMs are conducting the design and engineering internally
and are selecting suppliers that have the capability to manufacture products on a worldwide basis and adapt to regional variations. 
 
 74 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient
believes that as a supplier with global scale and strong design, engineering and lean manufacturing capabilities in both complete seat systems and components it is well positioned
to benefit from these opportunities. 

Shorter Product Development Cycles 

 As a result of new safety and environmental regulations, as well as a trend of more rapid customer preference changes, OEMs are
requiring suppliers to respond faster with new designs and product innovations. Although these trends are more significant in mature markets, emerging markets are moving rapidly towards the regulatory
standards and consumer preferences of the more mature markets. Suppliers with strong technologies, robust global engineering and development capabilities will be best positioned to meet OEM demands
for rapid innovation. 

Competition 

 Adient faces competition from other automotive suppliers and, with respect to certain products, from the automobile OEMs who
produce or have the capability to produce certain products the business supplies. The automotive supply industry competes on the basis of technology, quality, reliability of supply and price. Design,
engineering and product planning are increasingly important factors. The competitive landscape for seating and components can be categorized into three segments: (1) traditional seating
suppliers, (2) component specialists and (3) competitors who are partnered with an OEM through ownership or interlocking business relationships. Independent suppliers that represent the
principal competitors of Adient include Lear Corporation, Faurecia SA and Magna International Inc. The businesses operated through Yanfeng Automotive Interiors primarily compete with
Faurecia SA, Grupo Antolin&#151;Irausa SA and International Automotive Components Group SA. Adient's deep vertical integration, global footprint and broad product offering
make it well positioned to compete against the traditional global Tier-1's and component specialists. 

Raw Materials 

 Raw materials used by Adient in connection with its operations, including steel, aluminum, polyurethane chemicals, fabrics, leather,
vinyl and polypropylene, were readily available during fiscal 2015, and Adient expects such availability to continue. During the remainder of
fiscal 2016, commodity prices could fluctuate throughout the year and could significantly affect Adient's results of operations. 

Intellectual Property 

 Generally, Adient seeks statutory protection for strategic or financially important intellectual property developed in connection with
its business. Certain intellectual property, where appropriate, is protected by contracts, licenses, confidentiality or other agreements. 

 Adient
owns numerous U.S. and non-U.S. patents (and their respective counterparts), the more important of which cover those technologies and inventions embodied in current products or
which are used in the manufacture of those products. While Adient believes patents are important to its business operations and in the aggregate constitute a valuable asset, no single patent, or group
of patents, is critical to the success of the business. Adient, from time to time, grants licenses under its patents and technology and receives licenses under patents and technology of others. 

 Adient's
trademarks, certain of which are material to its business, are registered or otherwise legally protected in the United States and many non-U.S. countries where products and
services of Adient are sold. Adient, from time to time, becomes involved in trademark licensing transactions. 

 75 

 Table of Contents 

 Most
works of authorship produced for Adient, such as computer programs, catalogs and sales literature, carry appropriate notices indicating Adient's claim to copyright protection under
U.S. law and appropriate international treaties. 

Regulation 

 Adient operates in a constantly evolving global regulatory environment and is subject to numerous and varying regulatory requirements
for its product performance and
material content. Adient's practice is to identify potential regulatory and quality risks early in the design and development process and proactively manage them throughout the product lifecycle
through use of routine assessments, protocols, standards, performance measures and audits. New regulations and changes to existing regulations are managed in collaboration with the OEM customers and
implemented through Adient's global systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations. Adient demonstrates material content compliance through the International
Material Data System, or IMDS, which is the automotive industry material data system. In the IMDS, all materials used for car manufacturing are archived and maintained, in order to meet the
obligations placed on the car manufacturers&#151;and thus on their suppliers&#151;by national and international standards, laws and regulations. 

 Adient
works collaboratively with a number of stakeholder groups including government agencies ( e.g. , National Highway Traffic Safety
Administration), its customers and its suppliers to proactively engage in federal, state and international public policy processes. 

Environmental, Health and Safety Matters 

 Laws addressing the protection of the environment and workers' safety and health govern Adient's ongoing global operations. They
generally provide for civil and criminal penalties, as well as injunctive and remedial relief, for noncompliance or require remediation of sites where Adient-related materials have been released into
the environment. 

 Adient
has expended substantial resources globally, both financial and managerial, to comply with environmental laws and worker safety laws and maintains procedures designed to foster
and ensure compliance. Certain of Adient's businesses are, or have been, engaged in the handling or use of substances that may impact workplace health and safety or the environment. Adient is
committed to protecting its workers and the environment against the risks associated with these substances. 

 Adient's
operations and facilities have been, and in the future may become, the subject of formal or informal enforcement actions or proceedings for noncompliance with environmental laws
and worker safety laws or for the remediation of Adient-related substances released into the environment. Such matters typically are resolved with regulatory authorities through commitments to
compliance, abatement or remediation programs and, in some cases, payment of penalties. Historically, neither such commitments nor such penalties have been material. 

Employees 

 As of June 30, 2016, Adient employed approximately 74,000 employees, of whom approximately 62,000 were hourly and 12,000 were
salaried. 

 76 

 Table of Contents 

Seasonal Factors 

 Adient's principal operations are directly related to the automotive industry. Consequently, Adient may experience seasonal
fluctuations to the extent automotive vehicle production slows, such as in the summer months when many customer plants close for model year changeovers and in December when many customer plants close
for the holidays. 

Properties 

 The locations of Adient's principal facilities, as of June 30, 2016, are listed below. 

 Jurisdiction

 City 

 Alabama 
 
 Clanton 

 Cottondale 

 Eastaboga 

 California 
 
 Fremont (1) 

 Georgia 
 
 West Point (1) 

 Illinois 
 
 Sycamore 

 Indiana 
 
 Princeton (1) 

 Kentucky 
 
 Cadiz 

 Georgetown (2) 

 Shelbyville (1) 

 Winchester (1) 

 Michigan 
 
 Auburn Hills (1) 

 Battle Creek 

 Detroit 

 Holland (2),(3) 

 Lansing (2) 

 Plymouth (2),(4) 

 Warren (1) 

 Missouri 
 
 Eldon (2) 

 Riverside (1) 

 Ohio 
 
 Bryan 

 Greenfield 

 Northwood 

 Wauseon 

 Tennessee 
 
 Athens 

 Lexington 

 Murfreesboro 

 Pulaski 

 Texas 
 
 El Paso (1) 

 San Antonio (1) 

 Wisconsin 
 
 Milwaukee (1),(4) 

 Argentina 
 
 Rosario 

 Austria 
 
 Graz (1) 

 Mandling 

 Belgium 
 
 Assenede (1) 

 Brazil 
 
 Gravatai City 

 Pouso Alegre 

 Quatro Barras (2) 

 Sao Bernardo do Campo (1),(4) 

 S o Jos dos Pinhais (1) 

 Canada 
 
 Milton 

 Tillsonburg 

 Whitby (2) 

 77 

 Table of Contents 

 Jurisdiction

 City 

 China 
 
 Shanghai (1),(4) 

 Beijing 

 Czech Republic 
 
 Bezdecin (1) 

 Bor u Tachova (1) 

 Ceska Lipa (2),(4) 

 Kvasiny (1) 

 Mlada Boleslav (1) 

 Roudnice 

 Rychnov nad Kneznou (1) 

 Strakonice 

 Straz pod Ralskem 

 France 
 
 Conflans-sur-Lanterne 

 Laroque D'Olmes 

 Les Ulis (1),(4) 

 Paris (1),(4) 

 Rosny 

 Strasbourg 

 Germany 
 
 Berlin (1),(4) 

 Bochum (2) 

 B blingen (1) 

 Burscheid (2),(4) 

 Dautphetal 

 Espelkamp 

 Grefrath (1) 

 Hannover (1) 

 Hilchenbach (1) 

 Kaiserslautern 

 Kirchheim 

 Luneburg 

 Mannweiler (1) 

 Munchen (1),(4) 

 Neuenb rg 

 Neustadt 

 Rastatt (1) 

 Remscheid (1) 

 Rockenhausen 

 Russelsheim (1),(4) 

 Saarlouis (1) 

 Sindelfingen (1),(4) 

 Solingen (3) 

 Waghausel 

 Weilheim an der Teck (1) 

 Weyhausen (1),(4) 

 Wuppertal (1),(3) 

 Zwickau (2) 

 Hungary 
 
 Kecskemet (1) 

 Mezolak 

 Mor 

 78 

 Table of Contents 

 Jurisdiction

 City 

 India 
 
 Ahmedabad (1) 

 Bangalore 

 Chennai 

 Dharwad (1) 

 Hinjewadi 

 Jamshedpur (1) 

 Lucknow (1) 

 Noida (1) 

 Pune (2),(3) 

 Rudrapur (1) 

 Indonesia 
 
 Purwakarta (1),(3) 

 Italy 
 
 Grugliasco (1) 

 Melfi 

 Ogliastro Cilento 

 Rocca D'Evandro 

 Japan 
 
 Hamamatsu 

 Higashiomi 

 Hiratsuka (1) 

 Miyako-gun (2) 

 Torihama (4) 

 Yokohama (2),(4) 

 Yokosuka (2) 

 Korea 
 
 Ansan (1),(4) 

 Asan (2) 

 Busan (1) 

 Malaysia 
 
 Melaka (1) 

 Pekan (1) 

 Selangor Darul Ehsan (1),(3) 

 Macedonia 
 
 Stip 

 Strumica 

 Mexico 
 
 El Marqu s (3) 

 Juarez 

 Lerma (1) 

 Matamoros (1) 

 Monclova 

 Puebla (1) 

 Ramos Arizpe 

 Saltillo (2) 

 Tlaxcala 

 Poland 
 
 Bierun 

 Siemianowice 

 Skarbimierz (1) 

 Swiebodzin 

 Zory 

 Portugal 
 
 Palmela 

 Romania 
 
 Bradu 

 Craiova (1) 

 Jimbolia 

 Mioveni (1) 

 Pitesti 

 Ploie&#351;ti 

 Poiana Lacului 

 Timisoara (1) 

 Russia 
 
 Togliatti (1) 

 79 

 Table of Contents 

 Jurisdiction

 City 

 Serbia 
 
 Kragujevac 

 Slovakia 
 
 Bratislava (1),(4) 

 Kostany nad Turcom 

 Lozorno (1) 

 Lucenec (1) 

 Trencin (1),(4) 

 Zilina 

 Slovenia 
 
 Martin (1) 

 Novo Mesto (1) 

 Slovenj Gradec 

 South Africa 
 
 East London (1) 

 Pretoria 

 Uitenhage (1) 

 Spain 
 
 Abrera 

 Alagon 

 Calatorao 

 Valencia (2) 

 Valladolid 

 Zaragoza 

 Sweden 
 
 Goteb rg (1) 

 Thailand 
 
 Chonburi (1) 

 Rayong (2),(3) 

 Samut Prakan (1) 

 Turkey 
 
 Gebze 

 United Kingdom 
 
 Burton-Upon-Trent (2) 

 Ellesmere Port (1) 

 Liverpool (1) 

 Sunderland (2) 

 Telford (1) 

 Wednesbury 

 Vietnam 
 
 Hai Duong (1) 

 (1) Leased
facility
 (2) Includes
both leased and owned facilities
 (3) Includes
both administrative and manufacturing facilities
 (4) Administrative
facility only 

Legal Proceedings 

 Adient is involved in various lawsuits, claims and proceedings incident to the operation of its businesses, including those pertaining
to product liability, product safety, environmental, safety and health, intellectual property, employment, commercial and contractual matters and various other matters. Although the outcome of any
such lawsuit, claim or proceeding cannot be predicted with certainty and some may be disposed of unfavorably to Adient, it is management's opinion that none of these will have a material adverse
effect on Adient's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Adient accrues for potential liabilities in a manner consistent with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States, that is, when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability is reasonably estimable. 

 80 

 Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following discussion and analysis presented below refer to and should be read in conjunction with the
audited combined financial statements and the corresponding notes, unaudited interim combined financial statements and the corresponding notes, and the selected historical combined financial data,
each included elsewhere in this information statement. This Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements. The matters
discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to risk, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those made, projected or implied in the
forward-looking statements. Please see the "Risk Factors" section for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. 

Separation from Johnson Controls 

 On July 24, 2015, Johnson Controls announced its intent to separate its automotive seating and interiors businesses from the
rest of Johnson Controls by means of a spin-off. The spin-off will create Adient, a separate, independent, publicly traded automotive seating and interiors company. As part of the separation, Johnson
Controls intends to transfer the assets, liabilities and operations of its automotive seating and interiors businesses on a global basis to Adient. 

 Adient's
historical combined financial statements have been prepared on a stand-alone basis and are derived from Johnson Controls' consolidated financial statements and accounting
records. Therefore, these financial statements reflect, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, Adient's financial position, results of operations,
comprehensive income (loss) and cash flows as the business was historically operated as part of Johnson Controls prior to the distribution. They may not be indicative of Adient's future performance
and do not necessarily reflect what Adient's combined results of operations, financial condition and cash flows would have been had Adient operated as a separate, publicly traded company during the
periods presented, particularly because Adient expects that many changes will occur in Adient's operations and capitalization as a result of the separation from Johnson Controls. 

 Adient's
combined statement of operations includes its direct expenses for cost of goods sold, research and development, sales and marketing, distribution, and administration as well as
allocations of expenses arising from shared services and infrastructure provided by Johnson Controls to Adient, such as information technology, accounting, legal, real estate and facilities, corporate
advertising, risk and insurance services, treasury, shareholder services and other corporate and infrastructure services. These operating expenses are allocated to Adient using estimates that Adient
considers to be a reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided to or benefits received by Adient. 

 Adient
expects that Johnson Controls will continue to provide some of the services related to these functions on a transitional basis for a fee. These services will be received under the
transition services agreement described in "Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions." 

Executive Summary 

Business overview 

 Adient is the world's largest automotive seating supplier* with relationships with the largest global auto manufacturers. Adient's
technologies extend into virtually every area of automotive seating solutions, including complete seating systems, frames, mechanisms, foam, head restraints, armrests, trim covers and fabrics. Adient
will be an independent seat supplier with global scale and the capability to design, develop, engineer, manufacture and deliver complete seat systems and components in every 

 * Based
on production volumes. Source: IHS Automotive 
 81 

 Table of Contents 

 major
automotive producing region in the world. Adient also participates in the automotive interiors market primarily through its approximately 30% equity interest in Yanfeng Global Automotive
Interior Systems Co., Ltd. 

 Adient
designs, manufactures and markets a full range of seating systems and components for passenger cars, commercial vehicles and light trucks, including vans, pick-up trucks and
sport/crossover utility vehicles. Adient also supplies high performance seating systems to the international motorsports industry through its award winning RECARO brand of products. Adient operates
approximately 230 wholly- and majority-owned manufacturing or assembly facilities, with operations in 33 countries. Additionally, Adient has partially-owned affiliates in China, Asia, Europe and North
America. 

 Adient's
business model is focused on developing and maintaining long-term customer relationships, which has allowed Adient to successfully grow with leading global OEMs, including BMW,
Daimler AG, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, Ford Motor Company, General Motors Company, Honda Motor Company, Hyundai Motor Company, Jaguar Land Rover, Kia Motor Company, Mazda Motor Company, Mitsubishi
Motors, Nissan Motor Company, PSA Peugeot Citroen, Renault, Suzuki, Toyota Motor Corporation, Volkswagen AG and Volvo. Adient also supplies most of the growing regional OEMs such as BAIC
Motor Co., Ltd., Brilliance Auto Group, Changan Automobile (Group) Co., Ltd., FAW Group Corporation, Great Wall Motors Company Limited, SAIC Motor Corporation Limited, Tata
Motors Limited and Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co., Ltd and newer auto manufacturers such as Tesla Motors, Inc. Adient and its engineers work closely with customers as vehicle
platforms are developed, which results in close ties with key decision makers at OEM customers. 

Overview&#151;Seating 

 Adient's Seating segment produces automotive seat metal structures and mechanisms, foam, trim, fabric and complete seat systems and
operates assembly plants that supply automotive OEMs with complete seats on a "just-in-time/in-sequence" basis. Seats are assembled to specific order and delivered on a predetermined schedule
directly to an automotive assembly line. 

Overview&#151;Interiors 

 Adient's Interiors segment, primarily derived from its global interiors joint venture, produces instrument panels, floor consoles, door
panels, overhead consoles, cockpit systems, decorative trim and other products. Prior to the launch of the joint venture on July 2, 2015, the Interiors segment produced instrument panels, floor
consoles and door panels. 

Global Automotive Industry 

 Adient conducts its business in the automotive industry, which is highly competitive and sensitive to economic conditions. During the
three and nine months ended June 30, 2016 the global automotive industry continued to experience modest global growth. Growth in China production has outpaced the overall growth rate although
at a lower rate than in prior years. Europe production has also increased based on recovering demand in Western Europe and North America production has remained strong. South America continues to
experience a contraction in demand while production in the remaining regions was mixed due to varying economic, political and social factors. 

 82 

 Table of Contents 

 Light
vehicle production levels by geographic region are provided below: 

 Light Vehicle Production 

 Three Months Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months Ended 
June 30, 

 (units in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 

 Global 

 22.9 

 22.2 

 3 
 % 
 
 69.2 

 67.1 

 3 
 % 

 Greater China 

 6.1 

 5.8 

 5 
 % 
 
 19.9 

 18.2 

 9 
 % 

 Europe 

 5.9 

 5.5 

 7 
 % 
 
 16.6 

 15.9 

 4 
 % 

 North America 

 4.6 

 4.5 

 2 
 % 
 
 13.4 

 13.0 

 3 
 % 

 Japan/Korea 

 3.1 

 3.2 

 &#150;3 
 % 
 
 9.8 

 10.0 

 &#150;2 
 % 

 South Asia 

 2.0 

 1.9 

 5 
 % 
 
 6.1 

 5.9 

 3 
 % 

 South America 

 0.7 

 0.8 

 &#150;13 
 % 
 
 2.0 

 2.5 

 &#150;20 
 % 

 Middle East/Africa 

 0.5 

 0.5 

 0 
 % 
 
 1.4 

 1.6 

 &#150;13 
 % 

 Source:
IHS Automotive, August 2016 

 Light Vehicle Production 

 FY 2015 
 
 FY 2014 
 
 Change 
(FY 2015 vs FY 2014) 
 
 FY 2013 
 
 Change 
(FY 2014 vs FY 2013) 

 Global 

 87.7 

 86.9 

 1 
 % 
 
 83.2 

 4 
 % 

 Greater China 

 23.1 

 22.6 

 2 
 % 
 
 20.3 

 11 
 % 

 Europe 

 20.7 

 20.1 

 3 
 % 
 
 19.2 

 5 
 % 

 North America 

 17.4 

 16.8 

 4 
 % 
 
 16.0 

 5 
 % 

 Japan/Korea 

 13.2 

 13.9 

 &#150;5 
 % 
 
 13.2 

 5 
 % 

 South Asia 

 7.9 

 7.8 

 1 
 % 
 
 8.4 

 &#150;7 
 % 

 South America 

 3.3 

 3.9 

 &#150;15 
 % 
 
 4.6 

 &#150;15 
 % 

 Middle East/Africa 

 2.1 

 1.8 

 17 
 % 
 
 1.5 

 20 
 % 

 Source:
IHS Automotive, March 2016 

Financial Results Summary 

 Significant aspects of Adient's financial results for the three and nine months ended June 30, 2016 include the
following: 

 &#149; On July 2, 2015, Adient completed its global automotive interiors joint venture (YFAI) with Yanfeng Automotive Trim Systems.
Since that date, the contributed interiors business was deconsolidated and the results of the joint venture are included in equity income. The impact of this transaction results in significant
variances when comparing periods, as discussed below within the financial statement line item discussions. 
 &#149; For the three months ended June 30, 2016, Adient recorded net sales of $4,362 million representing a decrease of
$1,040 million when compared to the same period last year. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation ($27 million) and the impact of the YFAI joint venture
($1,002 million), net sales remained flat year over year. For the nine months ended June 30, 2016, Adient recorded net sales of $12,893 million representing a decrease of
$3,016 million when compared to the same period last year. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation ($402 million) and the impact of the YFAI joint venture
($2,939 million), net sales increased by 2% year over year. 
 &#149; Gross profit was $446 million or 10.2% of net sales for the three months ended June 30, 2016 compared to
$554 million or 10.3% of net sales for the same period last year. Gross profit was 
 
 83 

 Table of Contents 

 $1,244 million
or 9.6% of net sales for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 compared to $1,470 million or 9.2% of net sales for the same period last year. The increase in gross
profit as a percentage of net sales for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 was primarily due to the impact of the YFAI joint venture and the benefits of cost reduction initiatives. 

 &#149; Equity income was $89 million for the three months ended June 30, 2016 which is $18 million higher than the same
period last year. Equity income was $260 million for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 which is $35 million higher than the same period last year. In both periods the increase
is primarily due to current year income related to the YFAI joint venture and higher equity income from certain other partially-owned Seating affiliates. 

 &#149; Income before income taxes was $143 million for the three months ended June 30, 2016, which is $179 million lower
than the same period last year. Excluding costs related to the separation of Adient ($122 million) and current period restructuring and impairment charges ($75 million), income before
income taxes increased by $18 million. Income before income taxes was $432 million for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 which is $346 million lower than the same period
last year. Excluding costs related to the separation of Adient ($254 million) and current period restructuring and impairment charges ($244 million), income before income taxes increased
by $152 million 

 &#149; Net loss attributable to Adient was $14 million for the three months ended June 30, 2016 compared to net income of
$208 million in the same period last year. The decrease is primarily due to costs related to the separation of Adient ($122 million), a non-recurring non-cash tax charge related to
changes in entity tax status associated with the proposed separation ($85 million) and a current period restructuring and impairment charge ($75 million), partially offset by a non-cash
tax charge in the third quarter of fiscal 2015 for Adient's change in assertion over permanently reinvested earnings associated with the Interiors joint venture transaction ($75 million).
Excluding these items, net of tax, net income attributable to Adient decreased by $38 million. Net loss attributable to Adient was $656 million for the nine months ended June 30,
2016 compared to net income attributable to Adient of $591 million in the same period last year. The decrease is primarily due to higher tax expense related to the one-time non-cash change in
assertion over permanently reinvested earnings as a result of the separation ($778 million), costs related to the separation of Adient ($254 million), restructuring and impairment
charges ($244 million) and a non-recurring non-cash tax charge related to changes in entity tax status associated with the proposed separation ($85 million), partially offset by a
non-cash tax charge in the third quarter of fiscal 2015 for Adient's change in assertion over permanently reinvested earnings associated with the Interiors joint venture transaction
($75 million). Excluding these items, net of tax, net income attributable to Adient increased by $2 million. 
 &#149; Adient provided $444 million of cash from operating activities for the nine months ended June 30, 2016,
$261 million more than for the nine months ended June 30, 2015, primarily due to favorable changes in working capital. 

 Significant
aspects of Adient's financial results for the year ended September 30, 2015 include the following: 

 &#149; Adient recorded net sales of $20,071 million representing a decrease of $1,970 million when compared to the year ended
September 30, 2014. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation ($1.6 billion) and the impact of the YFAI joint venture ($924 million), net sales increased by 3% year
over year. 
 &#149; Gross profit was $1,852 million or 9.2% of net sales for the year ended September 30, 2015 compared to
$1,953 million or 8.9% of net sales for the same period in 2014. The increase in 
 
 84 

 Table of Contents 

 gross
profit as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to the benefits of cost reduction initiatives and the impact of the YFAI joint venture. 

 &#149; Equity income was $295 million for the year ended September 30, 2015 which is $11 million higher than the same
period in 2014. The increase is primarily due to higher current year income at certain partially-owned Seating affiliates in China. 
 &#149; Net income attributable to Adient was $475 million for the year ended September 30, 2015 which is $168 million
higher than the same period in 2014. The increase is primarily due to the gain related to the YFAI joint venture, and lower selling, general and administrative expenses due to the benefits of cost
reduction initiatives. 
 &#149; Adient generated $397 million of cash from operating activities for the year ended September 30, 2015,
$400 million lower than cash from operating activities of $797 million for the same period in 2014, primarily due to unfavorable changes in working capital. 

Three and Nine Months Ended June 30, 2016 Compared to Corresponding Periods Ended
June 30, 2015 

 Three Months Ended June 30, 
 
 Nine Months Ended June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 

 Net sales 

$ 
 4,362 

$ 
 5,402 

 &#150;19 
 % 

$ 
 12,893 

$ 
 15,909 

 &#150;19 
 % 

 Cost of sales 

 3,916 

 4,848 

 &#150;19 
 % 
 
 11,649 

 14,439 

 &#150;19 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Gross profit 

 446 

 554 

 &#150;19 
 % 
 
 1,244 

 1,470 

 &#150;15 
 % 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

 (315 
 ) 
 
 (299 
 ) 
 
 5 
 % 
 
 (820 
 ) 
 
 (906 
 ) 
 
 &#150;9 
 % 

 Restructuring and impairment costs 

 (75 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 * 
 
 (244 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 * 

 Net financing charges 

 (2 
 ) 
 
 (4 
 ) 
 
 &#150;50 
 % 
 
 (8 
 ) 
 
 (11 
 ) 
 
 &#150;27 
 % 

 Equity income 

 89 

 71 

 25 
 % 
 
 260 

 225 

 16 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Income before income taxes 

 143 

 322 

 &#150;56 
 % 
 
 432 

 778 

 &#150;44 
 % 

 Income tax provision 

 136 

 98 

 * 
 
 1,027 

 134 

 * 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Net income (loss) 

 7 

 224 

 * 
 
 (595 
 ) 
 
 644 

 * 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 21 

 16 

 31 
 % 
 
 61 

 53 

 15 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Net income (loss) attributable to Adient 

$ 
 (14 
 ) 

$ 
 208 

 * 

$ 
 (656 
 ) 

$ 
 591 

 * 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 * Measure
not meaningful 

Net Sales 

 Three Months Ended June 30, 
 
 Nine Months Ended June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 

 Net sales 

$ 
 4,362 

$ 
 5,402 

 &#150;19 
 % 

$ 
 12,893 

$ 
 15,909 

 &#150;19 
 % 

 Net
sales for the three months ended June 30, 2016 were unfavorably impacted by the YFAI joint venture ($1,002 million) and foreign currency translation
($27 million). Excluding the above items, net sales decreased by $11 million, or less than 1%, primarily due to higher volumes attributable to growth in Asia and Europe due to changes in
automotive production levels, partially offset by expiring 

 85 

 Table of Contents 

 programs
in North America. Refer to the segment analysis below for a discussion of net sales by segment. 

 Net
sales for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 were unfavorably impacted by the YFAI joint venture ($2,939 million) and foreign currency translation
($402 million). Excluding the above items, net sales increased by $325 million, or 2%, primarily due to higher volumes attributable to growth in Asia and Europe, partially offset by
softness in the Americas due to changes in automotive production levels
and expiring programs in North America. Refer to the segment analysis below for a discussion of net sales by segment. 

Cost of Sales / Gross Profit 

 Three Months Ended June 30, 
 
 Nine Months Ended June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 

 Cost of sales 

$ 
 3,916 

$ 
 4,848 

 &#150;19 
 % 

$ 
 11,649 

$ 
 14,439 

 &#150;19 
 % 

 Gross profit 

 446 

 554 

 &#150;19 
 % 
 
 1,244 

 1,470 

 &#150;15 
 % 

 % of sales 

 10.2 
 % 
 
 10.3 
 % 

 9.6 
 % 
 
 9.2 
 % 

 Cost
of sales for the three months ended June 30, 2016 was favorably impacted by the YFAI joint venture ($904 million) and foreign currency translation
($26 million). Excluding the above items, costs of sales decreased by $2 million, or less than 1%. These items favorably impacted current period gross profit as a percent of net sales by
10 basis points. The increase in gross profit as a percent of net sales
is primarily due to the impact of the YFAI joint venture, operational efficiencies and the result of cost reduction initiatives. Refer to the segment analysis below for a discussion of segment income
by segment. 

 Cost
of sales for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 was favorably impacted by the YFAI joint venture ($2,705 million) and foreign currency translation
($359 million). Excluding the above items, costs of sales increased by $274 million, or 2%. These items favorably impacted current period gross profit as a percent of net sales by 20
basis points. The increase in gross profit as a percent of net sales is primarily due to the impact of the YFAI joint venture, operational efficiencies and the result of cost reduction initiatives.
Refer to the segment analysis below for a discussion of segment income by segment. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

 Three Months Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

$ 
 315 

$ 
 299 

 5 
 % 

$ 
 820 

$ 
 906 

 &#150;9 
 % 

 % of sales 

 7.2 
 % 
 
 5.5 
 % 

 6.4 
 % 
 
 5.7 
 % 

 Selling,
general and administrative expenses (SG&A) for the three months ended June 30, 2016 was unfavorably impacted by separation costs ($122 million), partially offset
by the impact of the YFAI joint venture ($48 million) and a favorable legal settlement ($14 million). Excluding the above items, SG&A decreased by $44 million, or 15%, primarily
due to lower corporate allocations ($26 million), prior year transaction costs ($11 million) and the result of cost reduction initiatives. Refer to the segment analysis below for a
discussion of segment income by segment. 

 SG&A
for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 was favorably impacted by the YFAI joint venture ($154 million), foreign currency translation ($26 million) and a
favorable legal settlement ($20 million),
offset by separation costs ($254 million). Excluding the above items, SG&A decreased by $140 million, or 15%, primarily due to lower corporate allocations ($69 million), prior
year transaction costs ($28 million) and the result of cost reduction initiatives. Refer to the segment analysis below for a discussion of segment income by segment. 

 86 

 Table of Contents 

Restructuring and Impairment Costs 

 Three Months Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 

 Restructuring and impairment costs 

$ 
 75 

$ 
 &#151; 

 * 

$ 
 244 

$ 
 &#151; 

 * 

 % of sales 

 1.7 
 % 
 
 0.0 
 % 

 1.9 
 % 
 
 0.0 
 % 

 * Measure
not meaningful 

 Refer
to Note 8, "Significant Restructuring and Impairment Costs," of the notes to combined unaudited interim financial statements for information related to Adient's
restructuring plans. 

Net Financing Charges 

 Three Months Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 

 Net financing charges 

$ 
 2 

$ 
 4 

 &#150;50 
 % 

$ 
 8 

$ 
 11 

 &#150;27% 

 Net
financing charges decreased for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and the nine months ended June 30, 2016 primarily due to variations in Adient's average borrowing
levels primarily in foreign jurisdictions. 

Equity Income 

 Three Months Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 

 Equity income 

$ 
 89 

$ 
 71 

 25 
 % 

$ 
 260 

$ 
 225 

 16% 

 The
increase in equity income was primarily due to current year income related to the YFAI joint venture and higher equity income from certain other partially-owned Seating affiliates.
Refer to the segment analysis below for a discussion of segment income by segment. Refer to Note 17, "Nonconsolidated Partially-Owned Affiliates," of the notes to combined unaudited interim
financial statements for further disclosure related to Adient's nonconsolidated partially-owned affiliates. 

Income Tax Provision 

 Three Months Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 

 Income tax provision 

$ 
 136 

$ 
 98 

 * 

$ 
 1,027 

$ 
 134 

 * 

 * Measure
not meaningful 
 
 In
calculating the provision for income taxes, Adient uses an estimate of the annual effective tax rate based upon the facts and circumstances known at each interim period. On a
quarterly basis, the annual
effective tax rate is adjusted, as appropriate, based upon changed facts and circumstances, if any, as compared to those forecasted at the beginning of the fiscal year and each interim period
thereafter. 

 For
the three and nine months ended June 30, 2016, Adient's effective tax rate was 95% and 238%, respectively. The effective rate was higher than the U.S. federal statutory rate
of 35% primarily 

 87 

 Table of Contents 

 due
to a one-time non-cash tax charge in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 for Adient's change in assertion over permanently reinvested earnings as a result of the proposed separation
($778 million), the jurisdictional mix of restructuring and impairment costs, the tax impacts of separation costs, and a non-recurring non-cash tax charge in the third quarter of fiscal 2016
related to changes in entity tax status associated with the proposed separation ($85 million), partially offset by the benefits of global tax planning initiatives and foreign tax rate
differentials. For the three and nine months ended June 30, 2015, Adient's effective tax rate was 30% and 17%, respectively. The effective rate was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of
35% primarily due to global tax planning and foreign tax rate differentials, partially offset by a non-cash tax charge in the third quarter of fiscal 2015 for Adient's change in assertion over
permanently reinvested earnings associated with the Interiors joint venture transaction ($75 million) and a tax law change in Japan. 

Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 

 Three Months Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

$ 
 21 

$ 
 16 

 31 
 % 

$ 
 61 

$ 
 53 

 15 
 % 

 The
increase in income attributable to noncontrolling interests for the three and nine months ended June 30, 2016 was primarily due to higher income at partially-owned Seating
affiliates. 

Net Income Attributable to Adient 

 Three Months Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 

 Net income (loss) attributable to Adient 

$ 
 (14 
 ) 

$ 
 208 

 * 

$ 
 (656 
 ) 

$ 
 591 

 * 

 * Measure
not meaningful 
 
 The
decrease in net income attributable to Adient for the three months ended June 30, 2016 was primarily due to costs related to the separation of Adient ($122 million), a
non-recurring non-cash tax charge related to changes in entity tax status associated with the proposed separation ($85 million) and
current period restructuring and impairment charges ($75 million), partially offset by a non-cash tax charge in the third quarter of fiscal 2015 for Adient's change in assertion over
permanently reinvested earnings associated with the Interiors joint venture transaction ($75 million). Excluding these items, net of tax, net income attributable to Adient decreased by
$38 million. 

 The
decrease in net income attributable to Adient for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 was primarily due to a non-cash one-time tax charge for a change in assertion over
permanently reinvested earnings as a result of the proposed separation ($778 million), costs related to the separation of Adient ($254 million), restructuring and impairment costs
($244 million) and a non-recurring non-cash tax charge related to changes in entity tax status associated with the proposed separation ($85 million), partially offset by a non-cash tax
charge in the third quarter of fiscal 2015 for Adient's change in assertion over permanently reinvested earnings associated with the Interiors joint venture transaction ($75 million). Excluding
these items, net of tax, net income attributable to Adient increased by $2 million. 

 88 

 Table of Contents 

Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Adient 

 Three Months Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 

 Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Adient 

$ 
 (95 
 ) 

$ 
 330 

 * 

$ 
 (698 
 ) 

$ 
 42 

 * 

 * Measure
not meaningful 
 
 The
decrease in comprehensive loss attributable to Adient for the three months ended June 30, 2016 was primarily due to lower net income (loss) attributable to Adient
($222 million) as discussed above and by unfavorable foreign currency translation adjustments ($202 million). The unfavorable foreign
currency translation adjustments were primarily driven by the weakening of the Chinese yuan and Euro against the U.S. dollar in the current year. 

 The
decrease in comprehensive loss attributable to Adient for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 was primarily due to lower net income (loss) attributable to Adient
($1,247 million) as discussed above, partially offset by favorable foreign currency translation adjustments ($497 million). The favorable foreign currency translation adjustments were
primarily driven by the weakening of the Brazilian real, Euro, Japanese yen and Polish zloty against the U.S. dollar in the prior year. 

Segment Analysis 

 Management evaluates the performance of its business units based primarily on segment income, which is defined as income before income
taxes and noncontrolling interests excluding net financing charges, restructuring and impairment costs, and net mark-to-market adjustments on pension and postretirement plans. 

 Three Months Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 

 Net Sales 

 Seating 

$ 
 4,338 

$ 
 4,337 

 0 
 % 

$ 
 12,776 

$ 
 12,767 

 0 
 % 

 Interiors 

 24 

 1,065 

 &#150;98 
 % 
 
 117 

 3,142 

 &#150;96 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Total net sales 

$ 
 4,362 

$ 
 5,402 

 &#150;19 
 % 

$ 
 12,893 

$ 
 15,909 

 &#150;19 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Three Months Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 

 Segment Income 

 Seating 

$ 
 208 

$ 
 276 

 &#150;25 
 % 

$ 
 634 

$ 
 691 

 &#150;8 
 % 

 Interiors 

 12 

 50 

 &#150;76 
 % 
 
 50 

 98 

 &#150;49 
 % 

 Total restructuring and impairment costs 

 (75 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 * 
 
 (244 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 * 

 Net financing charges 

 (2 
 ) 
 
 (4 
 ) 
 
 &#150;50 
 % 
 
 (8 
 ) 
 
 (11 
 ) 
 
 &#150;27 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Income before income taxes 

$ 
 143 

$ 
 322 

 &#150;56 
 % 

$ 
 432 

$ 
 778 

 &#150;44 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 * Measure
not meaningful 
 
 89 

 Table of Contents 

Seating 

 Three Months Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 

 Net sales 

$ 
 4,338 

$ 
 4,337 

 0 
 % 

$ 
 12,776 

$ 
 12,767 

 0 
 % 

 Segment income 

 208 

 276 

 &#150;25 
 % 
 
 634 

 691 

 &#150;8 
 % 

 Three Months 

 &#149; Net sales increased for the three months ended June 30, 2016 due to higher volumes ($93 million), partially
offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation ($27 million), and net unfavorable pricing and commercial settlements ($65 million). The higher volumes were attributable
to growth in Asia and Europe due to changes in automotive production levels, partially offset by expiring programs in North America. 
 &#149; Segment income decreased for the three months ended June 30, 2016 due to current year separation costs
($122 million), net unfavorable pricing and commercial settlements ($23 million), net unfavorable selling, general and administrative expenses ($13 million) as a result of
restructuring actions and operational efficiencies, the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation ($1 million), partially offset by lower operating costs ($28 million), higher
volumes as discussed above ($18 million), a favorable legal settlement ($14 million), lower engineering expenses ($10 million), lower purchasing costs resulting from supplier
price concessions ($9 million), higher equity income ($9 million) and incremental operating income related to a prior year business acquisition ($3 million). 

 Year-to-Date 

 &#149; Net sales increased for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 due to higher volumes ($484 million) and
incremental sales related to a prior year business acquisition ($19 million), partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation ($392 million), and net
unfavorable pricing and commercial settlements ($102 million). The higher volumes attributable to growth in Asia and Europe, partially offset by softness in the Americas due to changes in
automotive production levels and expiring programs in North America. 
 &#149; Segment income decreased for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 due to current year separation costs
($254 million, the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation ($16 million), net unfavorable pricing and commercial settlements ($7 million), partially offset by lower
operating costs ($64 million), higher volumes as discussed above ($46 million), lower purchasing costs resulting from supplier price concessions ($29 million), lower engineering
expenses ($23 million), a favorable legal settlement ($20 million), higher equity income ($17 million), lower selling, general and administrative expenses ($16 million) as
a result of restructuring actions and operational efficiencies and incremental operating income related to a prior year business acquisition ($5 million). 

Interiors 

 Three Months Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 Change 

 Net sales 

$ 
 24 

$ 
 1,065 

 &#150;98 
 % 

$ 
 117 

$ 
 3,142 

 &#150;96 
 % 

 Segment income 

 12 

 50 

 &#150;76 
 % 
 
 50 

 98 

 &#150;49 
 % 

 90 

 Table of Contents 

 Three Months 

 &#149; Net sales decreased for the three months ended June 30, 2016 due to the impact of the YFAI joint venture
($1,002 million) and lower volumes primarily due to plant wind downs ($45 million), partially offset by favorable pricing, and commercial settlements
($3 million). 
 &#149; Segment income decreased for the three months ended June 30, 2016 due to the impact of the July 2, 2015
joint venture transaction and related prior year held for sale depreciation impact ($55 million), lower volumes as discussed above ($9 million), partially offset by lower selling,
general and administrative expenses ($12 million), prior year transaction costs ($11 million), and lower operating costs ($3 million). 

 Year-to-Date 

 &#149; Net sales decreased for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 due to the impact of the YFAI joint venture
($2,939 million), lower volumes primarily due to plant wind downs ($77 million), the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation ($10 million), partially offset by net
favorable pricing and commercial settlements ($1 million). 
 &#149; Segment income decreased for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 due to the July 2, 2015 joint venture
transaction and related prior year held for sale depreciation impact ($109 million), lower volumes as discussed above ($14 million), unfavorable pricing and commercial settlements
($5 million), the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation ($1 million), partially offset by prior year transaction costs ($28 million), lower selling, general and
administrative expenses ($24 million), favorable settlements from prior year business divestitures ($22 million) and lower operating costs ($7 million). 

Fiscal Year 2015 Compared to Fiscal Year 2014 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 Change 

 Net sales 

$ 
 20,071 

$ 
 22,041 

 &#150;9 
 % 

 Cost of sales 

 18,219 

 20,088 

 &#150;9 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Gross profit 

 1,852 

 1,953 

 &#150;5 
 % 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

 (1,131 
 ) 
 
 (1,308 
 ) 
 
 &#150;14 
 % 

 Gain (loss) on business divestitures&#151;net 

 137 

 (86 
 ) 

 * 

 Restructuring and impairment costs 

 (182 
 ) 
 
 (158 
 ) 
 
 15 
 % 

 Net financing charges 

 (12 
 ) 
 
 (15 
 ) 
 
 &#150;20 
 % 

 Equity income 

 295 

 284 

 4 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Income before income taxes 

 959 

 670 

 43 
 % 

 Income tax provision 

 418 

 296 

 41 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Net income 

 541 

 374 

 45 
 % 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 66 

 67 

 &#150;1 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Net income attributable to Adient 

$ 
 475 

$ 
 307 

 55 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 * Measure
not meaningful 
 
 91 

 Table of Contents 

Net Sales 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 Change 

 Net sales 

$ 
 20,071 

$ 
 22,041 

 &#150;9 
 % 

 Net
sales for the year ended September 30, 2015 were unfavorably impacted by foreign currency translation ($1.6 billion) and by the impact of the YFAI joint venture
($924 million). Excluding the above items, net sales increased by $563 million, or 3%, primarily due to higher volumes, incremental sales related to business acquisitions, and net
favorable pricing and commercial settlements in South America, partially offset by lower volumes related to a prior year divestiture. The increase in volumes was attributable to increased automotive
production levels in the majority of regions around the globe with the exception of South America. Refer to the segment analysis below for a discussion of net sales by segment. 

Cost of Sales / Gross Profit 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 Change 

 Cost of sales 

$ 
 18,219 

$ 
 20,088 

 &#150;9 
 % 

 Gross profit 

 1,852 

 1,953 

 &#150;5 
 % 

 % of sales 

 9.2 
 % 
 
 8.9 
 % 

 Cost
of sales for the year ended September 30, 2015 was favorably impacted by foreign currency translation ($1.5 billion) and by the impact of the YFAI joint venture
($843 million). Excluding the above items, cost of sales increased by $464 million, or 2%. These items favorably impacted current period gross profit as a percent of net sales by 20
basis points. Gross profit as a percentage of sales was also favorably impacted by lower purchasing costs related to supplier pricing concessions, the benefits of cost reduction initiatives and
favorable commercial settlements due to recoveries in South America, partially offset by higher operating costs related to current year platform launches and other inefficiencies. Mark-to-market
adjustments on pension and postretirement plans had a net favorable impact on cost of sales of $7 million ($3 million charge in fiscal 2015 compared to a $10 million charge in
fiscal 2014). Refer to the segment analysis below for a discussion of segment income by segment. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 Change 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

$ 
 1,131 

$ 
 1,308 

 &#150;14 
 % 

 % of sales 

 5.6 
 % 
 
 5.9 
 % 

 SG&A
for the year ended September 30, 2015 was favorably impacted by foreign currency translation ($68 million) and by the impact of the YFAI joint venture
($48 million). Excluding the above items, SG&A decreased by $61 million, or 5%, primarily due to lower engineering expenses resulting from higher cost recoveries and lower program
support requirements, and lower employee related costs from cost reduction initiatives, partially offset by transaction and integration costs. Mark-to-market adjustments on pension and postretirement
plans had a net favorable impact on SG&A of $37 million ($3 million charge in fiscal 2015 compared to a $40 million charge in fiscal 2014) primarily due to decreases in discount
rates for certain non-U.S. pension plans in the prior year. Refer to the segment analysis below for a discussion of segment income by segment. 

 92 

 Table of Contents 

Gain (Loss) on Business Divestitures&#151;Net 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 Change 

 Gain (loss) on business divestitures&#151;net 

$ 
 137 

$ 
 (86 
 ) 

 * 

 * Measure
not meaningful 
 
 The
gain in fiscal 2015 relates primarily to the YFAI joint venture transaction and the loss in fiscal 2014 relates primarily to the divestiture of the Interiors headliner and sun visor
product lines. Refer to Note 2, "Acquisitions and Divestitures," of the notes to the combined financial statements for further information on the gain (loss) on business
divestitures&#151;net. 

Restructuring and Impairment Costs 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 Change 

 Restructuring and impairment costs 

$ 
 182 

$ 
 158 

 15 
 % 

 Refer
to Note 15, "Significant Restructuring and Impairment Costs," of the notes to the combined financial statements for information related to Adient's restructuring plans. 

Net Financing Charges 

 Year 
Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 Change 

 Net financing charges 

$ 
 12 

$ 
 15 

 &#150;20 
 % 

 Net
financing charges decreased in fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014 primarily due to lower average borrowing levels. 

Equity Income 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 Change 

 Equity income 

$ 
 295 

$ 
 284 

 4 
 % 

 The
increase in equity income was primarily due to higher current year income at certain partially-owned Seating affiliates in China resulting from higher automotive production levels.
Refer to the segment analysis below for a discussion of segment income by segment. Refer to Note 19, "Nonconsolidated Partially-Owned Affiliates," of the notes to the combined financial
statements for further disclosure related to Adient's nonconsolidated partially-owned affiliates. 

Income Tax Provision 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 Change 

 Income tax provision 

$ 
 418 

$ 
 296 

 41 
 % 

 93 

 Table of Contents 

 The
effective tax rate of 44% is above the U.S. statutory rate for fiscal 2015 primarily due to the tax consequences of business divestitures ($356 million) partially offset by
the benefits of U.S. tax on foreign income ($252 million), income in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions with a tax rate lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate ($13 million) and global tax
planning initiatives. The effective tax rate of 44% is above the U.S. statutory rate for fiscal 2014 primarily due to the tax consequences of business divestitures partially offset by the benefits of
continuing global tax planning initiatives and income in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions with a tax rate lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate. The global tax planning initiatives in both fiscal years
relate primarily to Adient's portion of Johnson Controls' foreign tax credit planning, global financing structures and alignments of its global business functions in a tax efficient manner. 

Valuation Allowances 

 As a result of our fiscal 2015 analysis of the realizability of our worldwide deferred tax assets, and after considering tax planning
initiatives and other positive and negative evidence, Adient determined that it was more likely than not that deferred tax assets within South Africa would be realized. Therefore, Adient released
$13 million of net valuation allowances as income tax benefit in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015. 

Other Tax Matters 

 In fiscal 2015, Adient completed its global automotive interiors joint venture with Yanfeng Automotive Trim Systems. Refer to
Note 2, "Acquisitions and Divestitures," of the notes to the combined financial statements for additional information. In connection with the joint venture transaction, Adient recorded a
pre-tax gain on divestiture of $127 million, $20 million net of tax. The tax impact of the gain is due to the jurisdictional mix of gains and losses on the divestiture, which resulted in
non-benefited expenses in certain countries and taxable gains in other countries. In addition, in fiscal 2015, Adient provided income tax expense for repatriation of cash and other tax reserves
associated with the Interiors joint venture transaction, which resulted in a tax charge of $293 million. 

 In
fiscal 2014, Adient disposed of its Interiors headliner and sun visor product lines. Refer to Note 2, "Acquisitions and Divestitures," of the notes to the combined financial
statements for additional information. As a result, Adient recorded a pre-tax loss on divestiture of $95 million and income tax expense of $38 million. The income tax expense is due to
the jurisdictional mix of gains and losses on the sale, which resulted in non-benefited losses in certain countries and taxable gains in other countries. 

Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 Change 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

$ 
 66 

$ 
 67 

 &#150;1 
 % 

 The
decrease in income attributable to noncontrolling interests for fiscal 2015 was primarily due to lower income at partially-owned Seating affiliates in North America. 

Net Income Attributable to Adient 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 Change 

 Net income attributable to Adient 

$ 
 475 

$ 
 307 

 55 
 % 

 94 

 Table of Contents 

 The
increase in net income attributable to Adient was primarily due to lower selling, general and administrative expenses, and net gains on business divestitures, partially offset by
higher income tax expense. 

Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Adient 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 Change 

 Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Adient 

$ 
 (48 
 ) 

$ 
 49 

 * 

 * Measure
not meaningful 
 
 The
increase in comprehensive loss attributable to Adient was primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency translation adjustments ($259 million), partially offset by higher net
income attributable to Adient ($168 million). The unfavorable foreign currency translation adjustments were primarily driven by the weakening of the Brazilian real, British pound, Czech koruna,
Euro, Japanese yen and Polish zloty against the U.S. dollar in the current year. 

Segment Analysis 

 Management evaluates the performance of its business units based primarily on segment income, which is defined as income before income
taxes and noncontrolling interests excluding net financing charges, restructuring and impairment costs, and net mark-to-market adjustments on pension and postretirement plans. 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 Change 

 Net Sales 

 Seating 

$ 
 16,859 

$ 
 17,871 

 &#150;6 
 % 

 Interiors 

 3,212 

 4,170 

 &#150;23 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Total net sales 

$ 
 20,071 

$ 
 22,041 

 &#150;9 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 Change 

 Segment Income (Loss) 

 Seating 

$ 
 935 

$ 
 898 

 4 
 % 

 Interiors 

 224 

 (5 
 ) 

 * 

 Net financing charges 

(12 
 ) 

(15 
 ) 

&#150;20 
 % 

 Restructuring and impairment costs 

 (182 
 ) 
 
 (158 
 ) 
 
 15 
 % 

 Net mark-to-market adjustments on pension and postretirement plans 

 (6 
 ) 
 
 (50 
 ) 
 
 &#150;88 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Income before income taxes 

$ 
 959 

$ 
 670 

 43 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 * Measure
not meaningful 
 
 95 

 Table of Contents 

Seating 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 Change 

 Net sales 

$ 
 16,859 

$ 
 17,871 

 &#150;6 
 % 

 Segment income 

 935 

 898 

 4 
 % 

 &#149; Net sales decreased due to the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation ($1.4 billion), partially offset by higher
volumes ($277 million), incremental sales related to a business acquisition ($57 million), and net favorable pricing and commercial settlements ($34 million). The increase in
volumes was attributable to increased automotive production levels in North America and Europe, partially offset by decreases in production levels in South America. 
 &#149; Segment income increased due to lower purchasing costs resulting from supplier price concessions ($64 million), higher volumes
as discussed above ($29 million), net favorable pricing and commercial settlements due to recoveries in South America ($48 million), lower engineering expenses due to higher cost
recoveries and lower program support requirements ($29 million), higher equity income resulting from higher automotive production levels in China ($20 million), a gain on a business
divestiture ($10 million), lower selling, general and administrative expenses ($9 million), and incremental operating income related to a business acquisition ($7 million),
partially offset by higher operating costs related to current year platform launches and other inefficiencies ($132 million), and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation
($47 million). 

Interiors 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 Change 

 Net sales 

$ 
 3,212 

$ 
 4,170 

 &#150;23 
 % 

 Segment income (loss) 

 224 

 (5 
 ) 

 * 

 * Measure
not meaningful 

 &#149; Net sales decreased due to the impact of the YFAI joint venture ($924 million), lower volumes related to a prior year business
divestiture ($248 million) and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation ($229 million), partially offset by higher volumes ($371 million), net favorable pricing and
commercial settlements ($45 million), and incremental sales related to business acquisitions ($27 million). The increase in volumes was primarily attributable to increased automotive
production levels in North America, China and Europe, partially offset by sales containing lower vehicle content. 
 &#149; Segment income increased due to the net gain on the YFAI joint venture transaction ($127 million), a prior year net loss on
business divestitures ($86 million), higher volumes as discussed above ($37 million), lower operating costs resulting from the held for sale depreciation impact of the contributed
interiors business to YFAI ($25 million), lower selling, general and administrative expenses ($10 million), lower purchasing costs ($6 million), lower engineering expenses
($5 million), higher equity income ($3 million) and incremental operating income related to business acquisitions ($3 million), partially offset by current year transaction and
integration costs ($38 million), lower operating income related to a current year business divestiture ($19 million), net unfavorable pricing and commercial settlements
($12 million), and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation ($4 million). 
 
 96 

 Table of Contents 

Fiscal Year 2014 Compared to Fiscal Year 2013 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 Change 

 Net sales 

$ 
 22,041 

$ 
 20,470 

 8 
 % 

 Cost of sales 

 20,088 

 18,895 

 6 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Gross profit 

 1,953 

 1,575 

 24 
 % 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

 (1,308 
 ) 
 
 (1,203 
 ) 
 
 9 
 % 

 Gain (loss) on business divestitures&#151;net 

 (86 
 ) 
 
 29 

 * 

 Restructuring and impairment costs 

 (158 
 ) 
 
 (280 
 ) 
 
 &#150;44 
 % 

 Net financing charges 

 (15 
 ) 
 
 (10 
 ) 
 
 50 
 % 

 Equity income 

 284 

 302 

 &#150;6 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Income before income taxes 

 670 

 413 

 62 
 % 

 Income tax provision 

 296 

 168 

 76 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Net income 

 374 

 245 

 53 
 % 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 67 

 58 

 16 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Net income attributable to Adient 

$ 
 307 

$ 
 187 

 64 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 * Measure
not meaningful 

Net Sales 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 Change 

 Net sales 

$ 
 22,041 

$ 
 20,470 

 8 
 % 

 Net
sales for the year ended September 30, 2014 were favorably impacted by foreign currency translation ($87 million). Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation,
net sales increased by $1.5 billion, or 7% as compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher volumes attributable to increased production levels in the majority of regions around the globe
with the exception of South America, incremental sales related to business acquisitions, and net favorable pricing and commercial settlements in China and Europe, partially offset by lower volumes
related to business divestitures. Refer to the segment analysis below for a discussion of net sales by segment. 

Cost of Sales / Gross Profit 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 Change 

 Cost of sales 

$ 
 20,088 

$ 
 18,895 

 6 
 % 

 Gross profit 

 1,953 

 1,575 

 24 
 % 

 % of sales 

 8.9 
 % 
 
 7.7 
 % 

 Cost
of sales for the year ended September 30, 2014 was unfavorably impacted by foreign currency translation ($83 million). Excluding the impact of foreign currency
translation, cost of sales increased by $1.1 billion, or 6%, and gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased by 120 basis points. The increase in gross profit is primarily due to higher
volumes as discussed above, lower operating costs resulting from lower current year launch costs and the held for sale depreciation impact of the contributed interiors business to YFAI, and lower
purchasing costs related to supplier pricing 

 97 

 Table of Contents 

 concessions,
partially offset by net unfavorable pricing and commercial settlements. Mark-to-market adjustments on pension and postretirement plans had a net unfavorable impact on cost of sales of
$20 million ($10 million charge in fiscal 2014 compared to a $10 million gain in fiscal 2013) primarily due to a decrease in discount rates. Refer to the segment analysis below
for a discussion of segment income by segment. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 Change 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

$ 
 1,308 

$ 
 1,203 

 9 
 % 

 % of sales 

 5.9 
 % 
 
 5.9 
 % 

 SG&A
for the year ended September 30, 2014 increased by $105 million, or 9%, primarily due to higher employee related expenses, partially offset by lower engineering
expenses, prior year distressed supplier costs and the benefits of cost reduction initiatives. The year over year impact of foreign currency translation on SG&A was not material. Mark-to-market
adjustments on pension and postretirement plans had a net unfavorable impact on SG&A of $17 million ($40 million charge in fiscal 2014 compared to a $23 million charge in fiscal
2013) primarily due to a decrease in discount rates. Refer to the segment analysis below for a discussion of segment income by segment. 

Gain (Loss) on Business Divestitures&#151;Net 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 Change 

 Gain (loss) on business divestitures&#151;net 

$ 
 (86 
 ) 

$ 
 29 

 * 

 * Measure
not meaningful 
 
 The
loss in fiscal 2014 relates primarily to the divestiture of the Interiors headliner and sun visor product lines and the gain in fiscal 2013 relates to a divestiture in the Seating
segment. Refer to Note 2, "Acquisitions and Divestitures," of the notes to the combined financial statements for further information on the gain (loss) on business divestitures&#151;net. 

Restructuring and Impairment Costs 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 Change 

 Restructuring and impairment costs 

$ 
 158 

$ 
 280 

 &#150;44 
 % 

 Refer
to Note 15, "Significant Restructuring and Impairment Costs," of the notes to the combined financial statements for information related to Adient's restructuring plans. 

Net Financing Charges 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 Change 

 Net financing charges 

$ 
 15 

$ 
 10 

 50 
 % 

 Net
financing charges increased in fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013 primarily due to higher average borrowing levels. 

 98 

 Table of Contents 

Equity Income 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 Change 

 Equity income 

$ 
 284 

$ 
 302 

 &#150;6 
 % 

 The
decrease in equity income was primarily due to gains in fiscal 2013 on acquisitions of partially-owned affiliates ($106 million), partially offset by higher current year
income at certain partially-owned affiliates in China resulting from higher automotive production levels. Refer to the segment analysis below for a discussion of segment income by segment. Refer to
Note 19, "Nonconsolidated Partially-Owned Affiliates," of the notes to the combined financial statements for further disclosure related to Adient's nonconsolidated partially-owned affiliates. 

Income Tax Provision 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 Change 

 Income tax provision 

$ 
 296 

$ 
 168 

 76 
 % 

 The
effective tax rate of 44% is above the U.S. statutory rate for fiscal 2014 primarily due to the tax consequences of business divestitures ($71 million) partially offset by
income in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions with a tax rate lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate ($14 million) and global tax planning initiatives. The effective tax rate of 41% is above the
U.S. statutory rate for fiscal 2013 primarily due to foreign losses with no associated tax benefit. The global tax planning initiatives in both fiscal years relate primarily to Adient's portion of
Johnson Controls' foreign tax credit planning, global financing structures and alignments of its global business functions in a tax efficient manner. 

Valuation Allowances 

 As a result of our fiscal 2013 analysis of the realizability of our worldwide deferred tax assets, and after considering tax planning
initiatives and other positive and negative evidence, Adient determined that it was more likely than not that deferred tax assets within Romania would not be realized. Therefore, Adient recorded
$10 million of net valuation allowances as income tax expense in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013. 

Other Tax Matters 

 In fiscal 2014, Adient disposed of its Interiors headliner and sun visor product lines. Refer to Note 2, "Acquisitions and
Divestitures," of the notes to the combined financial statements for additional information. As a result, Adient recorded a pre-tax loss on divestiture of $95 million and income tax expense of
$38 million. The income tax expense is due to the jurisdictional mix of gains and losses on the sale, which resulted in non-benefited losses in certain countries and taxable gains in other
countries. 

Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 Change 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

$ 
 67 

$ 
 58 

 16 
 % 

 The
increase in income attributable to noncontrolling interests for fiscal 2014 was primarily due to higher income at certain partially-owned Seating affiliates in North America. 

 99 

Net Income Attributable to Adient 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 Change 

 Net income attributable to Adient 

$ 
 307 

$ 
 187 

 64 
 % 

 The
increase in net income attributable to Adient was primarily due to higher gross profit and lower restructuring and impairment costs, partially offset by higher income tax expense,
higher selling, general and administrative expenses, and loss on business divestitures. 

Comprehensive Income Attributable to Adient 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 Change 

 Comprehensive income attributable to Adient 

$ 
 49 

$ 
 196 

 &#150;75 
 % 

 The
decrease in comprehensive income attributable to Adient was primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency translation adjustments ($262 million), partially offset by higher
net income attributable to Adient ($120 million). The unfavorable foreign currency translation adjustments were primarily driven by the weakening of the Euro against the U.S. dollar in the
current year. 

Segment Analysis 

 Management evaluates the performance of its business units based primarily on segment income, which is defined as income before income
taxes and noncontrolling interests excluding net financing charges, restructuring and impairment costs, and net mark-to-market adjustments on pension and postretirement plans. 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 Change 

 Net Sales 

 Seating 

$ 
 17,871 

$ 
 16,621 

 8 
 % 

 Interiors 

 4,170 

 3,849 

 8 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Total net sales 

$ 
 22,041 

$ 
 20,470 

 8 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 Change 

 Segment Income (Loss) 

 Seating 

$ 
 898 

$ 
 737 

 22 
 % 

 Interiors 

 (5 
 ) 
 
 (21 
 ) 
 
 76 
 % 

 Net financing charges 

(15 
 ) 

(10 
 ) 

50 
 % 

 Restructuring and impairment costs 

 (158 
 ) 
 
 (280 
 ) 
 
 &#150;44 
 % 

 Net mark-to-market adjustments on pension and postretirement plans 

 (50 
 ) 
 
 (13 
 ) 

 * 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Income before income taxes 

$ 
 670 

$ 
 413 

 62 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 * Measure
not meaningful 
 
 100 

Seating 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 Change 

 Net sales 

$ 
 17,871 

$ 
 16,621 

 8 
 % 

 Segment income 

 898 

 737 

 22 
 % 

 &#149; Net sales increased due to higher volumes attributable to increased automotive production levels in the majority of regions around the
globe with the exception of South America ($1.1 billion), incremental sales related to business acquisitions ($139 million) and the favorable impact of foreign currency translation
($44 million), partially offset by lower volumes due to a prior year business divestiture ($53 million), and net unfavorable pricing and commercial settlements ($25 million). 
 &#149; Segment income increased due to higher volumes as discussed above ($129 million), lower operating costs resulting from lower
current year launch costs and continuous improvement efficiencies ($137 million), lower purchasing costs from supplier price concessions ($88 million), higher equity income resulting
from higher automotive production levels in China ($71 million), prior year distressed supplier costs ($21 million), lower engineering expenses ($20 million), incremental
operating income due to business acquisitions ($9 million) and the favorable impact of foreign currency translation ($4 million), partially offset by higher selling, general and
administrative expenses resulting from higher employee related expenses ($116 million), prior year gains on acquisitions of partially-owned affiliates ($106 million), net unfavorable
pricing and commercial settlements ($58 million), a prior year gain on business divestiture ($29 million) and lower operating income due to a prior year business divestiture
($9 million). 

Interiors 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 Change 

 Net sales 

$ 
 4,170 

$ 
 3,849 

 8 
 % 

 Segment loss 

 (5 
 ) 
 
 (21 
 ) 
 
 76 
 % 

 &#149; Net sales increased due to higher volumes ($333 million), net favorable pricing and commercial settlements
($79 million), and the favorable impact of foreign currency translation ($43 million), partially offset by lower volumes related to business divestitures ($134 million). The
increase in volumes was primarily attributable to increased automotive production levels in China, Europe and North America. 
 &#149; Segment income increased due to higher volumes as discussed above ($63 million), lower operating costs related to the held for
sale depreciation impact of the contributed interiors business to YFAI ($47 million), higher equity income resulting from higher automotive production levels in China ($19 million) and
lower purchasing costs ($6 million), partially offset by a net loss on business divestitures ($86 million), lower operating income due to a business divestiture ($15 million), net
unfavorable pricing and commercial settlements ($8 million), higher selling, general and administrative expenses ($8 million), and higher engineering expenses ($2 million). 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 Adient's primary liquidity needs are to fund general business requirements, including working capital, capital expenditures,
restructuring and impairment costs and debt service requirements. Adient's 

 101 

 principal
sources of liquidity are cash flows from operating activities, funding from Johnson Controls and existing cash balances. Adient actively manages its working capital and associated cash
requirements and continually seeks more effective uses of cash. Working capital is highly influenced by the timing of cash flows associated with sales and purchases, and therefore can be difficult to
manage at times. See below and the "Description of Material Indebtedness" section of this information statement for discussion of future financing arrangements. 

Indebtedness 

 In July 2016, AGH entered into credit facilities providing for commitments with respect to a $1.5 billion Revolving
Credit Facility and a $1.5 billion Term Loan A Facility. The credit facilities mature in July 2021. Commencing June 30, 2017 (or if the distribution occurs prior to
December 31, 2016, the last day of the first full fiscal quarter after distribution), the Term Loan A Facility will require quarterly amortization payments of 0.625% of the original
principal amount thereof in the first year, increasing to 2.50% of the original principal amount thereof by the fourth year. Following the distribution date, the Credit Facility will contain covenants
that include, among other things and subject to certain significant exceptions, restrictions on Adient's ability to declare or pay dividends, make certain payments in respect of the notes, create
liens, incur additional indebtedness, make investments, engage in transactions with affiliates, enter into agreements restricting Adient's subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends, dispose of assets and
merge or consolidate with any other person. In addition, following the distribution date, the credit facilities will contain a financial maintenance covenant requiring Adient to maintain a total net
leverage ratio equal to or less than 3.50 to 1.00, tested on a quarterly basis. The Term Loan A Facility will also require mandatory prepayments in connection with certain non-ordinary course
asset sales and insurance recovery and condemnation events, among other things, and subject in each case to certain significant exceptions. Prior to the distribution date, AGH may be required to pay a
0.25% per annum commitment fee on the unused portions of the committed loans under the credit facilities. Following the distribution date and the
satisfaction of certain other conditions, AGH will pay a commitment fee on the unused portion of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility based on the total net leverage ratio of Adient,
ranging from 0.15% to 0.35%. The full amount of the Term Loan A Facility and $750 million of the Revolving Credit Facility are available to AGH prior to the distribution date. Following
the distribution date, the credit facilities will bear interest based on either LIBOR or a base rate. LIBOR loans will bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus a margin between 1.25%-2.25% and base rate
loans will bear interest at the base rate plus a margin of between 0.25%-1.25% (margins are determined based on Adient's total net leverage ratio). 

 The credit facilities are currently guaranteed by Johnson Controls, Inc. and Johnson Controls International plc.

 Prior to the distribution date, the covenants, representations and warranties and events of default in the credit facilities are substantially identical to those in the Credit Agreement,
dated as of March 10, 2016, among Johnson Controls, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other parties thereto. We refer to this agreement as the
"successor credit agreement." The loans made under the credit facilities currently bear interest at the same rate as loans made under the successor JCI credit agreement.

 Additionally, on August 19, 2016, AGH closed the offering of $0.9 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.875% dollar-denominated unsecured notes due 2026 and
 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.50% euro-denominated unsecured notes due 2024, in a private offering exempt from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The proceeds of the notes will be used, together with anticipated borrowings from the new credit facilities, to make a cash transfer of $3.0 billion
to Johnson Controls with the remaining proceeds to be used for working capital and general corporate purposes.

 102 

Working Capital 

 (in millions)

 June 30, 
2016 
 
 September 30, 
2015 
 
 Change 

 Current assets 

$ 
 3,688 

$ 
 3,806 

 Current liabilities 

 (3,889 
 ) 
 
 (4,011 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Working capital 

 (201 
 ) 
 
 (205 
 ) 
 
 2 
 % 

 Accounts receivable 

$ 
 
2,132 

$ 
 
2,134 

&#151; 
 % 

 Inventories 

 691 

 701 

 &#150;1 
 % 

 Accounts payable 

 2,503 

 2,653 

 &#150;6 
 % 

 &#149; Higher working capital at June 30, 2016 as compared to September 30, 2015 was primarily due to a decrease in accounts
payable due to timing of supplier payments. 
 &#149; Adient's days sales in accounts receivable at June 30, 2016 was 49, consistent with September 30, 2015. There has been
no significant adverse change in the level of overdue receivables. 
 &#149; Adient's inventory turns for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 was consistent with the comparable period ended
September 30, 2015. 
 &#149; Days in accounts payable at June 30, 2016 were 70, a decrease from 76 at September 30, 2015. 

 (in millions) 
 
 September 30, 
2015 
 
 September 30, 
2014 
 
 Change 

 Current assets 

$ 
 3,806 

$ 
 4,500 

 Current liabilities 

 (4,011 
 ) 
 
 (4,936 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 (205 
 ) 
 
 (436 
 ) 
 
 53 
 % 

 Accounts receivable 

$ 
 
2,134 

$ 
 
2,027 

5 
 % 

 Inventories 

 701 

 745 

 &#150;6 
 % 

 Accounts payable 

 2,653 

 2,856 

 &#150;7 
 % 

 &#149; The increase in working capital at September 30, 2015 as compared to September 30, 2014, was primarily related to
increases in accounts receivable and other assets and by decreases in accounts payable due to changes in foreign exchange rates and timing of supplier payments and decreases in other working capital
accounts. 
 &#149; Adient's days sales in accounts receivable at September 30, 2015 were 49, an increase from 45 at September 30, 2014.
There has been no significant adverse change in the level of overdue receivables. 
 &#149; Adient's inventory turns for the year ended September 30, 2015 were lower than the comparable period ended September 30,
2014 primarily due to changes in inventory production levels. 
 &#149; Days in accounts payable at September 30, 2015 were 76, an increase from 74 at September 30, 2014. 
 
 103 

Cash Flows 

 Nine Months 
Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 

 Cash provided by operating activities 

$ 
 444 

$ 
 183 

 Cash used by investing activities 

 (278 
 ) 
 
 (404 
 ) 

 Cash provided (used) by financing activities 

 (91 
 ) 
 
 273 

 Capital expenditures 

 (312 
 ) 
 
 (369 
 ) 

 &#149; The increase in cash from operating activities was primarily due to favorable changes in working capital accounts, including a
decrease in other current assets related to settlements of outstanding amounts with other subsidiaries of Johnson Controls. 
 &#149; The decrease in cash from investing activities was primarily due to lower capital expenditures, cash received from a prior period
divestiture and prior year acquisitions and investments. 
 &#149; The decrease in cash from financing activities was primarily due to an increase in net transfers to Johnson
Controls. 
 &#149; The decrease in capital expenditures in the current year is primarily related to a reduction in program spending for new customer
launches and the impact from the completion of the YFAI joint venture on July 2, 2015. 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 

 Cash provided by operating activities 

$ 
 397 

$ 
 797 

 Cash used by investing activities 

 (489 
 ) 
 
 (586 
 ) 

 Cash provided (used) by financing activities 

 93 

 (225 
 ) 

 Capital expenditures 

 (478 
 ) 
 
 (624 
 ) 

 &#149; The decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to unfavorable changes in accounts receivable, and other
assets, partially offset by lower pension contributions, and favorable changes in other working capital accounts. 
 &#149; The decrease in cash used by investing activities was primarily due to lower capital expenditures. 
 &#149; The increase in cash from financing activities was primarily due to net transfers from Johnson Controls related to incremental tax
liabilities incurred by Johnson Controls resulting from the completion of the global interiors joint venture in fiscal 2015 and lower levels of cash provided by operating
activities. 
 &#149; The decrease in capital expenditures in the current year is primarily related to a reduction in program spending for new customer
launches and the impact from the completion of the global interiors joint venture on July 2, 2015. 

Restructuring and Impairment Costs 

 To better align its resources with its growth strategies and reduce the cost structure of its global operations to address the softness
in certain underlying markets, Adient committed to a significant restructuring plan in fiscal 2016 and recorded $244 million of restructuring and impairment costs in the combined statements of
income. The restructuring action related to cost reduction initiatives in the Seating and Interiors segments. The costs consist primarily of workforce reductions, plant closures and asset impairments.
Adient currently estimates that upon completion of the restructuring action, the fiscal 2016 restructuring plan will reduce annual operating costs by approximately $105 million, which is 

 104 

 primarily
the result of lower cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses due to reduced employee-related costs and depreciation expense. For fiscal 2016, the savings, net of
execution costs, are expected to approximate 27% of the expected annual operating cost reduction. Adient expects that additional savings, net of execution costs, will be achieved in fiscal years
2017-2018 and the full annual benefit of these actions is expected in fiscal 2019. The restructuring action is expected to be
substantially complete in fiscal 2017. The restructuring plan reserve balance of $196 million at June 30, 2016 is expected to be paid in cash. 

 To
better align its resources with its growth strategies and reduce the cost structure of its global operations to address the softness in certain underlying markets, Adient committed to
a significant restructuring plan in fiscal 2015 and recorded $182 million of restructuring and impairment costs in the combined statements of income. The costs consist primarily of workforce
reductions, plant closures and asset impairments. Adient currently estimates that upon completion of the restructuring action, the fiscal 2015 restructuring plan will reduce annual operating costs by
approximately $130 million, which is primarily the result of lower cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses due to reduced employee-related costs and depreciation expense.
Adient expects that a portion of these savings, net of execution costs, will be achieved in fiscal 2016 and the full annual benefit of these actions is expected in fiscal 2017. For fiscal 2016, the
savings, net of execution costs, are expected to approximate 19% of the expected annual operating cost reduction. The restructuring action is expected to be substantially complete in 2016. The
restructuring plan reserve balance of $126 million at June 30, 2016 is expected to be paid in cash. 

 To
better align its resources with its growth strategies and reduce the cost structure of its global operations to address the softness in certain underlying markets, Adient committed to
significant restructuring plans in fiscal 2014 and 2013 and recorded $158 million and $280 million, respectively, of restructuring and impairment costs in the combined statements of
income. The restructuring actions included workforce reductions, plant closures and asset impairments. Adient currently estimates that upon completion of the restructuring actions, the fiscal 2014 and
2013 restructuring plans will reduce annual operating costs by approximately $85 million and $210 million, respectively, which is primarily the result of lower cost of sales due to
reduced employee-related costs and lower depreciation expense. Adient expects that the full annual benefit of these actions, net of execution costs, will be achieved in fiscal 2016. The restructuring
actions are expected to be substantially complete in fiscal 2016. The respective year's restructuring plan reserve balances of $28 million and $15 million, respectively, at
June 30, 2016 are expected to be paid in cash. 

Contractual Obligations 

 A summary of Adient's significant contractual obligations as of September 30, 2015 is as follows (in millions): 

 Total 
 
 2016 
 
 2017 - 2018 
 
 2019 - 2020 
 
 2021 and 
Beyond 

 Long-term debt (including capital lease obligations) 

$ 
 42 

$ 
 7 

$ 
 18 

$ 
 14 

$ 
 3 

 Interest on long-term debt (including capital lease obligations) 

 6 

 2 

 3 

 1 

 &#151; 

 Operating leases 

 238 

 75 

 92 

 47 

 24 

 Purchase obligations 

 298 

 285 

 13 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Pension and postretirement contributions* 

 183 

 30 

 42 

 50 

 61 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total contractual cash obligations 

$ 
 767 

$ 
 399 

$ 
 168 

$ 
 112 

$ 
 88 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 * Amounts
reflect current estimates of pension and postretirement contributions as of June 30, 2016. 
 
 105 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 Adient enters into supply chain financing programs in certain foreign jurisdictions to sell accounts receivable without recourse to
third-party financial institutions. Sales of accounts receivable are reflected as a reduction of accounts receivable on the combined statements of financial position and the proceeds are included in
cash flows from operating activities in the combined statements of cash flows. Adient's overall liquidity is not materially impacted by these programs. 

Effects of Inflation and Changing Prices 

 The effects of inflation have not been significant to Adient's results of operations in recent years. Generally, Adient has been able
to implement operating efficiencies to sufficiently offset cost increases, which have been moderate. 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 

 Adient prepares its combined financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America (U.S. GAAP). This requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The
following policies are considered by management to be the most critical in understanding the judgments that are involved in the preparation of Adient's combined financial statements and the
uncertainties that could impact Adient's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

Revenue Recognition 

 Adient records revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery occurs or services are rendered, the sales price or
fee is fixed or determinable and
collectability is reasonably assured. Adient delivers products and records revenue pursuant to commercial agreements with its customers generally in the form of an approved purchase order, including
the effects of contractual customer price productivity. Adient does negotiate discrete price changes with its customers, which are generally the result of unique commercial issues between Adient and
its customers. Adient records amounts associated with discrete price changes as a reduction to revenue when specific facts and circumstances indicate that a price reduction is probable and the amounts
are reasonably estimable. Adient records amounts associated with discrete price changes as an increase to revenue upon execution of a legally enforceable contractual agreement and when collectability
is reasonable assured. 

 Essentially
all of Adient's sales are to the automotive industry. In fiscal year 2015, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. and Ford Motor Company had combined net sales of 13% and 11%,
respectively. In fiscal year 2014, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. and Ford Motor Company had combined net sales of 14% each. In fiscal year 2013, Daimler AG and Ford Motor Company had combined
net sales of 16% each. 

Goodwill and Other Long-lived Assets 

 Goodwill reflects the cost of an acquisition in excess of the fair values assigned to identifiable net assets acquired. Adient reviews
goodwill for impairment during the fourth fiscal quarter or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the asset might be impaired. Adient performs impairment reviews for its
reporting units, which have been determined to be Adient's reportable segments using a fair value method based on management's judgments and assumptions or third party valuations. The fair value of a
reporting unit refers to the price that would be received to sell the unit as a whole in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In estimating the fair value,
Adient uses multiples of earnings based on the average of historical, published multiples of earnings of comparable entities with similar operations and economic 

 106 

 characteristics.
In certain instances, Adient uses discounted cash flow analyses or estimated sales price to further support the fair value estimates. The inputs utilized in the analyses are
classified as Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy as defined in ASC 820, "Fair Value Measurement." The estimated fair value is then compared with the carrying amount of the
reporting unit, including recorded goodwill. Adient is subject to financial statement risk to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value. 

 Adient
reviews long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets with definite lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. Adient conducts its long-lived asset impairment analyses in accordance with ASC 360-10-15, "Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets." ASC 360-10-15 requires Adient to group assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets
and liabilities and evaluate the asset group against the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows. If the undiscounted cash flows do not indicate the carrying amount of the asset is recoverable, an
impairment charge is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its fair value based on discounted cash flow analysis or appraisals. 

 During
the second and third quarters of fiscal 2016, Adient concluded it had triggering events requiring assessment of impairment for certain of its long-lived assets in conjunction with
its announced restructuring actions. As a result, Adient reviewed the long-lived assets for impairment and recorded a $41 million impairment charge within restructuring and impairment costs on
the combined statements of income, of which $9 million was recorded in the second quarter and $32 million was recorded in the third quarter. Of the total impairment charges, $40 million related
to the Seating segment and $1 million related to the Interiors segment. Refer to Note 8, "Significant Restructuring and Impairment Costs," of the notes to combined financial statements
for additional information. The impairment was measured, depending on the asset, either under an income approach utilizing forecasted discounted cash flows or a market approach utilizing an appraisal
to determine fair values of the impairment assets. These methods are consistent with the methods Adient employed in prior periods to value other long-lived assets. The inputs utilized in the analyses
are classified as Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy as defined in ASC 820, "Fair Value Measurement" and primarily consist of expected future cash flows, estimated production
volumes, discount rates, estimated salvage values and third-party appraisals. 

 At June 30, 2015, Adient concluded it did not have any triggering events requiring assessment of impairment of its long-lived assets.

 In
fiscal 2015, Adient concluded it had triggering events requiring assessment of impairment for certain of its long-lived assets in conjunction with its announced restructuring actions.
As a result, Adient reviewed the long-lived assets for impairment and recorded a $27 million impairment charge within restructuring and impairment costs on the combined statements of income.
The total impairment charge related to the Seating segment. Refer to Note 15, "Significant Restructuring and Impairment Costs," of the notes to the combined financial statements for additional
information. The impairment was measured, depending on the asset, either under an income approach utilizing forecasted discounted cash flows or a market approach utilizing an appraisal to determine
fair values of the impaired assets. These methods are consistent with the methods Adient employed in prior periods to value other long-lived assets. The inputs utilized in the analyses are classified
as Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy as defined in ASC 820, "Fair Value Measurement" and primarily consist of expected future cash flows, estimated production volumes,
discount rates, estimated salvage values and third-party appraisals. 

 In
fiscal 2014, Adient concluded it had triggering events requiring assessment of impairment for certain of its long-lived assets in conjunction with its restructuring actions announced
in fiscal 2014. As 

 107 

 a
result, Adient reviewed the long-lived assets for impairment and recorded a $52 million impairment charge within restructuring and impairment costs on the combined statements of income. Of
the total impairment charge, $45 million related to the Interiors segment and $7 million related to the Seating segment. Refer to Note 15, "Significant Restructuring and
Impairment Costs," of the notes to the combined financial statements for additional information. The impairment was measured, depending on the asset, either under an income approach utilizing
forecasted discounted cash flows or a market approach utilizing an appraisal to determine fair values of the impaired assets. These methods are consistent with the methods Adient employed in prior
periods to value other long-lived assets. The inputs utilized in the analyses are classified as Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy as defined in ASC 820, "Fair Value
Measurement" and primarily consist of expected future cash flows, estimated production volumes, discount rates, estimated salvage values and third-party appraisals. 

 In
fiscal 2013, Adient concluded it had a triggering event requiring assessment of impairment for certain of its long-lived assets in conjunction with its restructuring actions announced
in fiscal 2013. As a result, Adient reviewed the long-lived assets for impairment and recorded a $79 million impairment charge within restructuring and impairment costs on the combined
statements of income. Of the total impairment charge, $57 million related to the Interiors segment and $22 million related to the Seating segment. Refer to Note 15, "Significant
Restructuring and Impairment Costs," of the notes to the combined financial statements for additional information. The impairment was measured, depending on the asset, either under an income approach
utilizing forecasted discounted cash flows or a market approach utilizing an appraisal to determine fair values of the impaired assets. These methods are consistent with the methods Adient employed in
prior periods to value other long-lived assets. The inputs utilized in the analyses are classified as Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy as defined in ASC 820, "Fair Value
Measurement" and primarily consist of expected future cash flows, estimated production volumes, discount rates, estimated salvage values and third-party appraisals. 

 Intangible
assets with definite lives continue to be amortized over their estimated useful lives and are subject to impairment testing if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the asset might be impaired. A considerable amount of management judgment and assumptions are required in performing the impairment tests. 

Stock-based Compensation 

 Adient's employees have historically participated in Johnson Controls' stock-based compensation plans. Stock-based compensation expense
has been allocated to Adient based on the awards and terms previously granted to Adient's employees. The stock-based compensation was initially measured at the fair value of the awards on the grant
date and is recognized in the financial statements over the period the employees are required to provide services in exchange for the awards. The fair value of option awards is measured on the grant
date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of each stock appreciation right, or SAR, is estimated using a similar method described for stock options. The fair value of each SAR
is recalculated at the end of each reporting period and the liability and expense are adjusted based on the new fair value. The fair value of performance-based share unit, or PSU, awards is based on
the Johnson Controls stock price at the grant date and the assessed probability of meeting future performance targets. The fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the number of units granted
and the Johnson Controls stock price on the grant date. Stock-based compensation cost for Adient employees who participate in the Johnson Controls plans, excluding the offsetting impact of outstanding
Johnson Controls equity swaps, was $16 million, $19 million and $28 million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

Employee Benefit Plans 

 Johnson Controls provides defined benefit pension, postretirement health care and defined contribution benefits to its eligible
employees and retirees, including eligible employees and retirees of Adient. These liabilities are not reflected in Adient's combined statements of financial position. 

 108 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient's combined statements of income include expense allocations for these benefits which were determined using a proportional allocation based on headcount and
payroll expense for Adient's employees. Adient considers the expense allocation methodology and results to be reasonable for all periods presented. Total Johnson Controls benefit plan net expenses
allocated to Adient amounted to $32 million, $45 million and $21 million for the fiscal years ended 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. These costs are reflected in Adient's cost
of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses. These costs were funded through intercompany transactions with Johnson Controls which are now reflected within the net parent investment
equity balance. 

 Adient
provides a range of benefits to its employees and retired employees, including pensions and postretirement benefits. These benefits are Adient's direct obligation and have been
recorded within Adient's historical combined financial statements. Plan assets and obligations are measured annually, or more frequently if there is a remeasurement event, based on Adient's
measurement date utilizing various actuarial assumptions such as discount rates, assumed rates of return, compensation increases, turnover rates and health care cost trend rates as of that date.
Adient reviews its actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and makes modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends when appropriate. 

 Johnson
Controls utilizes a mark-to-market approach for recognizing pension and postretirement benefit expenses, including measuring the market related value of plan assets at fair value
and recognizing actuarial gains and losses in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year or at the date of a remeasurement event. Refer to Note 14, "Retirement Plans," of the notes to the combined
financial statements for disclosure of Adient's pension and postretirement benefit plans. 

 U.S. GAAP
requires that companies recognize in the statement of financial position a liability for defined benefit pension and postretirement plans that are underfunded or
unfunded, or an asset for defined benefit pension and postretirement plans that are overfunded. U.S. GAAP also requires that companies measure the benefit obligations and fair value of plan
assets that determine a benefit plan's funded status as of the date of the employer's fiscal year end. 

 Adient
considers the expected benefit payments on a plan-by-plan basis when setting assumed discount rates. As a result, Adient uses different discount rates for each plan depending on
the plan jurisdiction, the demographics of participants and the expected timing of benefit payments. For the U.S. pension and postretirement plans, Adient uses a discount rate provided by an
independent third party calculated based on an appropriate mix of high quality bonds. For the non-U.S. pension and postretirement plans, Adient consistently uses the relevant country specific
benchmark indices for determining the various discount rates. Adient's discount rate on U.S. pension plans was 4.40% and 4.35% at September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Adient's discount
rate on U.S. postretirement plans was 3.80% and 4.35% at September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Adient's weighted average discount rate on non-U.S. plans was 3.40% and 3.50% at
September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

 At
September 30, 2015, Adient changed the method used to estimate the service and interest components of net periodic benefit cost for pension and other postretirement benefits
for plans that utilize a yield curve approach. This change compared to the previous method will result in different service and interest components of net periodic benefit cost (credit) in future
periods. Historically, Adient estimated these service and interest cost components utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation
at the beginning of the period. Adient elected to utilize a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the
determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. Adient made this change to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation
between projected benefit cash flows to the corresponding spot yield curve rates. This change does not affect the measurement of the total benefit obligations or annual net periodic benefit cost
(credit) as the change in the service and 

 109 

 Table of Contents 

 interest
costs is completely offset in the net actuarial (gain) loss reported. The change in the service and interest costs going forward is not expected to be significant. Adient has accounted for
this change as a change in accounting estimate. 

 In
estimating the expected return on plan assets, Adient considers the historical returns on plan assets, adjusted for forward-looking considerations, inflation assumptions and the
impact of the active management of the plans' invested assets. Reflecting the relatively long-term nature of the plans' obligations, approximately 53% of the plans' assets are invested in fixed income
securities and 20% in equity securities, with the remainder primarily invested in alternative investments. For the years ending September 30, 2015 and 2014, Adient's expected long-term return
on U.S. pension plan assets used to determine net periodic benefit cost was 7.50% and 8.00%, respectively. The actual rate of return on U.S. pension plans was below 7.50% in fiscal 2015 and above
8.00% in fiscal 2014. For the years ending September 30, 2015 and 2014, Adient's weighted average expected long-term return on non-U.S. pension plan assets was 5.40% and 5.85%, respectively.
The actual rate of return on non-U.S. pension plans was below 5.40% in fiscal 2015 and was above 5.85% in fiscal 2014. For the years ending September 30, 2015 and 2014, Adient's weighted
average expected long-term return on postretirement plan assets was 4.00%. The actual rate of return on postretirement plan assets was below 4.00% in fiscal 2015 and was above 4.00% in fiscal 2014. 

 Beginning
in fiscal 2016, Adient believes the long-term rate of return will approximate 7.50%, 4.75% and 5.50% for U.S. pension, non-U.S. pension and postretirement plans, respectively.
Any differences between actual investment results and the expected long-term asset returns will be reflected in net periodic benefit costs in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. If Adient's actual
returns on plan assets are less than Adient's expectations, additional contributions may be required. 

 In
fiscal 2015, total Adient contributions to the defined benefit pension plans were $25 million, of which $3 million were voluntary contributions made by Adient. Adient
expects to contribute approximately $30 million in cash to its defined benefit pension plans in fiscal 2016. In fiscal 2015, total Adient contributions to the postretirement plans were not
significant. Adient does not expect to make any significant contributions to its postretirement plans in fiscal year 2016. 

 Based
on information provided by its independent actuaries and other relevant sources, Adient believes that the assumptions used are reasonable; however, changes in these assumptions
could impact Adient's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Income Taxes 

 Adient accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, "Income Taxes." Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and other
loss carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled. Adient records a valuation allowance
that primarily represents non-U.S. operating and other loss carryforwards for which realization is uncertain. Management judgment is required in determining Adient's provision for income taxes,
deferred tax assets and liabilities, and the valuation allowance recorded against Adient's net deferred tax assets. 

 Adient
reviews the realizability of its deferred tax asset valuation allowances on a quarterly basis, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that a review is required.
In determining the requirement for a valuation allowance, the historical and projected financial results of the legal entity or consolidated group recording the net deferred tax asset are considered,
along with any other positive or negative evidence. Since future financial results may differ from previous estimates, periodic adjustments to Adient's valuation allowances may be necessary. 

 110 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient
is subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous non-U.S. jurisdictions. Judgment is required in determining its worldwide provision for income taxes and recording the
related assets and liabilities. In the ordinary course of Adient's business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Adient is regularly under
audit by tax authorities. At September 30, 2015, Adient had unrecognized tax benefits of $393 million. 

 The
unrecognized tax benefits reflected in Adient's combined financial statements have been determined using a separate-return by legal entity basis. As a result of the final separation
from Johnson Controls, Adient's unrecognized tax benefits could be different from those reflected in the combined financial statements. Adient is subject to income taxes in the United States and
numerous foreign jurisdictions. Judgment is required in determining its worldwide provision for income taxes and recording the related assets and liabilities. In the ordinary course of Adient's
business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. 

 Adient's
federal income tax returns and certain non-U.S. income tax returns for various fiscal years remain under various stages of audit by the Internal Revenue Service and respective
non-U.S. tax authorities. Although the outcome of tax audits is always uncertain, management believes that it has appropriate support for the positions taken on its tax returns and that its annual tax
provisions included amounts sufficient to pay assessments, if any, which may be proposed by the taxing authorities. At September 30, 2015, Adient had recorded a liability for its best estimate
of the probable loss on certain of its tax positions, the majority of which is included in other noncurrent liabilities in the combined statements of financial position. Nonetheless, the amounts
ultimately paid, if any, upon resolution of the issues raised by the taxing authorities may differ materially from the amounts accrued for each year. 

 Adient
does not generally provide additional U.S. income taxes on undistributed earnings of non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries included in invested equity attributable to Adient. Such
earnings could become taxable upon the sale or liquidation of these non-U.S. subsidiaries or upon dividend repatriation. Adient's intent is for such earnings to be reinvested by the subsidiaries or to
be repatriated only when it would be tax effective through the utilization of foreign tax credits. 

 The
"look-through rule," under Section 954(c)(6) of the Code, expired for Adient on September 30, 2015. The "look-through rule" had provided an exception to the U.S.
taxation of certain income generated by foreign subsidiaries. The rule was extended in December 2015 retroactive to the beginning of Adient's 2016 fiscal year. The retroactive extension was signed
into legislation and was made permanent through Adient's 2020 fiscal year. 

 During
the first quarter of fiscal 2016, other tax legislation was adopted in various jurisdictions. These law changes did not have a material impact on Adient's combined financial
statements. 

 Refer
to Note 17, "Income Taxes," of the notes to the combined audited financial statements and to Note 9, "Income Taxes," of the notes to the combined unaudited interim
financial statements for Adient's income tax disclosures. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

 In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-13, "Financial
Instruments&#151;Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments." ASU No. 2016-13 changes the impairment model for financial assets measured at
amortized cost, requiring presentation at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement of expected credit losses is based upon historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and
supportable forecasts. Available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses will now be recorded through an allowance for credit losses. ASU No. 2016-13 will be effective for Adient for 

 111 

 Table of Contents 

 the
quarter ended December 31, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a significant impact on Adient's combined financial statements. 

 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, "Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting." ASU
No. 2016-09 impacts certain aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and
classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU No. 2016-09 will be effective for Adient for the quarter ending December 31, 2017, with early adoption permitted. Adient is currently
assessing the impact adoption of this guidance will have on its combined financial statements.

 In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-07, "Investments-Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting."
ASU No. 2016-07 eliminates the requirement for an investment that qualifies for the use of the equity method of accounting as a result of an increase in the level of ownership or degree of
influence, to adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings retrospectively. ASU No. 2016-07 will be effective prospectively for Adient for increases in the level of
ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method that occur during or after the quarter ending December 31, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The
impact of this guidance for Adient is dependent on any future increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. 

 In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)." ASU No. 2016-02 requires recognition of operating leases as lease assets and lease
liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. ASU No. 2016-02 will be effective retrospectively for Adient for the quarter ending
December 31, 2019, with early adoption permitted. Adient is currently assessing the impact adoption of this guidance will have on its combined financial statements. 

 In
January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, "Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities." ASU
No. 2016-01 amends certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU No. 2016-01 will be effective for Adient for the quarter ending
December 31, 2018, and early adoption is not permitted, with certain exceptions. The changes are required to be applied by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment on the balance sheet as of the
beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. Adient is currently assessing the impact adoption of this guidance will have on its combined financial statements. 

 In
November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes." ASU No. 2015-17 requires that deferred
tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in the combined statements of financial position. ASU No. 2015-17 was early adopted by Adient for the quarter ended December 31,
2015 and was applied retrospectively to all periods presented. 

 In
September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16, "Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments." ASU
No. 2015-16 requires that the cumulative impact of a measurement period adjustment (including the impact on prior periods) be recognized in
the reporting period in which the adjustment is identified. ASU No. 2015-16 was early adopted by Adient in the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The adoption of this guidance did not
have an impact on Adient's combined financial condition or results from operations. 

 In
July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, "Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory." ASU No. 2015-11 requires inventory that is recorded using the first-in, first-out
method to be measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value. ASU No. 2015-11 will be effective prospectively for Adient 

 112 

 Table of Contents 

 for
the quarter ending December 31, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a significant impact on Adient's combined financial statements. 

 In
May 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-07, "Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent)." ASU
No. 2015-07 removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. Such
investments should be disclosed separate from the fair value hierarchy. ASU No. 2015-07 will be effective retrospectively for Adient for the quarter ending December 31, 2016, with early
adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have an impact on Adient's combined financial statements but will impact pension asset disclosures. 

 In
April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, "Interest&#151;Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs." ASU
No. 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability. ASU
No. 2015-03 will be effective retrospectively for Adient for the quarter ending December 31, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a
significant impact on Adient's historical combined financial statements. Any future impact will depend on future debt issuances. 

 In
February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02, "Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis." ASU No. 2015-02 amends the analysis
performed to determine whether a reporting entity should combine certain types of legal entities. ASU No. 2015-02 will be effective retrospectively for Adient for the quarter ending
December 31, 2016, with early adoption permitted. Adient is currently assessing the impact adoption of this guidance will have on its combined financial statements. 

 In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)." ASU No. 2014-09 clarifies the principles for recognizing revenue
when an entity either enters into a
contract with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into a contract for the transfer of non-financial assets. The original standard was effective retrospectively for Adient for the quarter
ending December 31, 2017; however in August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date," which
defers the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 by one year for all entities. The new standard will become effective retrospectively for Adient for the quarter ending December 31, 2018,
with early adoption permitted, but not before the original effective date. Additionally, in March 2016 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)," in April 2016 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing," and in May 2016 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope
Improvements and Practical Expedients," which provide additional clarification on certain topics addressed in ASU No. 2014-09. ASU No. 2016-08, ASU No. 2016-10 and ASU
No. 2016-12 follow the same implementation guidelines as ASU No. 2014-09 and ASU No. 2015-14. Adient is currently assessing the impact adoption of this guidance will have on its combined
financial statements. 

 In
April 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08, "Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting
Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity." ASU No. 2014-08 limits discontinued operations reporting to situations where the disposal represents a
strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results, and requires expanded disclosures for discontinued operations. ASU No. 2014-08 was
effective for Adient for the quarter ended December 31, 2015. The adoption of this guidance has not had any impact on Adient's combined financial statements. 

 113 

 Table of Contents 

Risk Management 

 Johnson Controls selectively uses derivative instruments to reduce market risk associated with changes in foreign currency within
Adient. All hedging transactions are authorized and executed pursuant to clearly defined policies and procedures, which strictly prohibit the use of financial instruments for speculative purposes. At
the inception of the hedge, Johnson Controls assesses the effectiveness of the hedge instrument and designates the hedge instrument as either (1) a hedge of a recognized asset or liability or
of a recognized firm commitment (a fair value hedge), (2) a hedge of a forecasted transaction or of the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to an unrecognized asset or
liability (a cash flow hedge) or (3) a hedge of a net investment in a non-U.S. operation (a net investment hedge). Johnson Controls performs hedge effectiveness testing on an ongoing basis
depending on the type of hedging instrument used. All other derivatives not designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815, "Derivatives and Hedging," are revalued in the combined statements
of income. 

 For
all foreign currency derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges, retrospective effectiveness is tested on a monthly basis using a cumulative dollar offset test. The fair
value of the hedged exposures and the fair value of the hedge instruments are revalued, and the ratio of the cumulative sum of the periodic changes in the value of the hedge instruments to the
cumulative sum of the periodic changes in the value of the hedge is calculated. The hedge is deemed as highly effective if the ratio is between 80% and 125%. 

 For
net investment hedges, Johnson Controls assesses its net investment positions in the non-U.S. operations and compares it with the outstanding net investment hedges on a quarterly
basis. The hedge is deemed effective if the aggregate outstanding principal of the hedge instruments designated as the net investment hedge in a non-U.S. operation does not exceed its net investment
positions in the respective non-U.S. operation. 

 A
discussion of Adient's accounting policies for derivative financial instruments is included in Note 1, "Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," of
the notes to the combined financial statements, and further disclosure relating to derivatives and hedging activities is included in Note 10, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities,"
and Note 11, "Fair Value Measurements," of the notes to the combined financial statements. 

Foreign Exchange 

 Adient has manufacturing, sales and distribution facilities around the world and thus makes investments and enters into transactions
denominated in various foreign currencies. In order to maintain strict control and achieve the benefits of Adient's global diversification, foreign exchange exposures for each currency are netted
internally so that only its net foreign exchange exposures are, as appropriate, hedged with financial instruments. 

 Johnson
Controls hedges 70% to 90% of the nominal amount of each of its known foreign exchange transactional exposures. Johnson Controls primarily enters into foreign currency exchange
contracts to reduce the earnings and cash flow impact of the variation of non-functional currency denominated receivables and payables. Gains and losses resulting from hedging instruments offset the
foreign exchange gains or losses on the underlying assets and liabilities being hedged. The maturities of the forward exchange contracts generally coincide with the settlement dates of the related
transactions. Realized and unrealized gains and losses on these contracts are recognized in the same period as gains and losses on the hedged items. On an ongoing basis, Adient has hedge contracts
outstanding with Johnson Controls with the aim of hedging balance sheet items, or with the aim of hedging forecasted commitments. Foreign exchange contracts hedging balance sheet items are
marked-to-market through the income statement, while foreign exchange contracts to hedge forecasted commitments are 

 114 

 Table of Contents 

 designated
in a hedge relationship as a cash flow hedge. These are marked-to-market through other comprehensive income when effective. 

 Johnson
Controls has entered into cross-currency interest rate swaps to selectively hedge portions of Adient's net investment in Japan. The currency effects of the cross-currency
interest rate swaps are reflected in the accumulated other comprehensive income account within invested equity attributable to Adient where they offset gains and losses recorded on Adient's net
investment in Japan. 

 At
September 30, 2015 and 2014, Adient estimates that an unfavorable 10% change in the exchange rates would have decreased net unrealized gains by approximately $58 million
and $113 million, respectively. 

Environmental, Health and Safety and Other Matters 

 Adient is involved in various lawsuits, claims and proceedings incident to the operation of its businesses, including those pertaining
to product liability, environmental, safety and health, intellectual property, employment, commercial and contractual matters, and various other matters. Although the outcome of such lawsuits, claims
and proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty and some may be disposed of unfavorably to Adient, it is management's opinion that none of these will have a material adverse effect on Adient's
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Costs related to such matters were not material to the periods presented. Refer to Note 20, "Commitments and Contingencies," of the
notes to the combined audited financial statements and to Note 17, "Commitments and Contingencies," of the notes to the combined unaudited interim financial statements for additional
information. 

 115 

 Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT 

Executive Officers Following the Distribution 

 The following table sets forth information as of September 20, 2016 regarding the individuals who are expected to serve as
executive officers of Adient following the distribution. While some of Adient's executive officers are currently officers and employees of Johnson Controls, after the distribution, none of these
individuals will be employees or executive officers of Johnson Controls.

 Name

 Age 
 
 Position 

 R. Bruce McDonald 

 56 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

 Cathleen A. Ebacher 

 53 
 
 Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 

 Byron S. Foster 

 48 
 
 Executive Vice President 

 Neil E. Marchuk 

 59 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 

 Eric S. Mitchell 

 45 
 
 Executive Vice President 

 Mark A. Skonieczny Jr. 

 47 
 
 Vice President and Corporate Controller 

 Jeffrey M. Stafeil 

 46 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

 R. Bruce McDonald. Mr. McDonald will be the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Adient. Mr. McDonald is currently the
Executive
Vice President, Vice Chairman of Johnson Controls and has served in that role since 2014. He was Chief Financial Officer of Johnson Controls from 2005 to 2014 and Executive Vice President since 2006.
Mr. McDonald joined Johnson Controls in 2001 as Vice President, Corporate Controller. Prior to joining Johnson Controls, Mr. McDonald held a variety of operational and financial
positions at TRW, LucasVarity Automotive and Varity Corporation. Mr. McDonald is a Chartered Accountant and a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. McDonald has served on the board of Dana
Incorporated since 2014, where he serves as chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Compensation Committee. Mr. McDonald is also a member of the board of directors of Milwaukee World
Festival and treasurer and a member of the board for the United Way of Greater Milwaukee & Waukesha County.

 Cathleen A. Ebacher. Ms. Ebacher will be the Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Adient. Ms. Ebacher is
currently the Vice
President and Global General Counsel&#151;Centers of Excellence of Johnson Controls and has served in that role since 2012. She was Vice President and General Counsel&#151;Enterprise
Legal Services from 2011 to 2012. Prior to that, Ms. Ebacher was the Vice President&#151;Global Business Lines and Operations, or GBL&O, and Director&#151;GBL&O for Johnson
Controls from 2009 to 2011. Prior to joining Johnson Controls, Ms. Ebacher served for more than 20 years in a variety of senior management and legal positions for Metavante Corporation,
Fiserv, Inc., Strong Capital Management, Inc. and Reinhart Boerner Van Deuren s.c. (a large law firm). Ms. Ebacher has been a director of the United Community Center/Centro de la
Comunidad Unida since 2014.

 Byron S. Foster. Mr. Foster will be an Executive Vice President of Adient. Mr. Foster is currently the Group Vice
President &
General Manager&#151;Complete Seat and Strategy of Johnson Controls' Automotive Experience business and has served in that role since 2015. He was Group Vice President & General
Manager&#151;Customer Groups & Strategy, Automotive from 2012 to 2015. Mr. Foster held a variety of other operational positions of increasing responsibility since joining Johnson
Controls in 1997. Prior to joining Johnson Controls, Mr. Foster began his career at Westinghouse Electric Company. 

 Neil E. Marchuk. Mr. Marchuk will be the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Adient.
Mr. Marchuk joined
Johnson Controls in 2016 as Chief Human Resources Officer&#151;Adient. Prior to joining Johnson Controls, Mr. Marchuk served as Executive Vice President, Human Resources of TRW
Automotive from 2006 to 2015. Prior to 2006, Mr. Marchuk held a variety of 

 116 

 Table of Contents 

 management
positions at TRW Automotive and E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company. Mr. Marchuk is a member of the Overseas Schools Advisory Council for the United States Department of
State, as well as a member of the board of directors of the American Society of Employers and Michigan Virtual University. 

 Eric S. Mitchell. Mr. Mitchell will be an Executive Vice President of Adient. Mr. Mitchell is currently the Vice
President &
General Manager, North America of Johnson Controls' Building Efficiency business and has served in that role since 2015. He was Vice President and General Manager&#151;Aftermarket, Power
Solutions from 2013 to 2014 and Group Vice President and General Manager&#151;Components & Sourcing, Power Solutions from 2012 to 2013. Mr. Mitchell held a variety of other
operational positions of increasing responsibility since joining Johnson Controls in 2003. Mr. Mitchell started his career with Varity Corporation in 1991 and held a variety of financial and
business positions of increasing responsibility at Varity Corporation, the Kelsey Hayes Group of Companies, LucasVarity and TRW Automotive. 

 Mark A. Skonieczny Jr. Mr. Skonieczny will be the Vice President and Corporate Controller of Adient.
Mr. Skonieczny is currently
the Vice President of Corporate Development of Johnson Controls and has served in that role since 2014. He was Vice President of Finance, Global Aftermarket of Johnson Controls' Power Solutions
segment from 2012 to 2014 and Vice President of Finance for North America Systems, Latin America and the Middle East for Johnson Controls' Building Efficiency segment from 2007 to 2012.
Mr. Skonieczny joined Johnson Controls in 1999 as an international accounting manager for the Automotive Group and held a variety of financial positions of increasing responsibility.
Mr. Skonieczny began his career at Coopers & Lybrand in 1992 and also held internal audit roles at Meritor Automotive. Mr. Skonieczny is a Certified Public Accountant. 

 Jeffrey M. Stafeil. Mr. Stafeil will be the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Adient.
Mr. Stafeil joined Johnson
Controls in 2016 as Chief Financial Officer&#151;Adient. Mr. Stafeil was Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Visteon Corporation from 2012 to 2016. He also served as
Chief Executive Officer of DURA Automotive Systems from 2010 to 2012 and as DURA's Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer from 2008 to 2012. Mr. Stafeil has served in a variety of
management positions at Kl ckner Pentaplast Group, Metaldyne Corporation, Booz Allen Hamilton, Peterson Consulting and Ernst & Young. Mr. Stafeil currently serves on the
board of directors, and as Audit Committee Chairman, of Mentor Graphics Corporation and Metaldyne Performance Group. Mr. Stafeil is also a member of the board of trustees for the Autism
Alliance of Michigan. 

 117 

 Table of Contents 

 DIRECTORS 

Board of Directors Following the Distribution 

 The following table sets forth information as of September 20, 2016 regarding those persons who are expected to serve on
Adient's board of directors following the
distribution. After the distribution, none of these individuals will be employees or directors of Johnson Controls.

 Name

 Age 
 
 Position 

 R. Bruce McDonald 

 56 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

 John M. Barth 

 70 
 
 Lead Independent Director 

 Julie L. Bushman 

 55 
 
 Director 

 Raymond L. Conner 

 61 
 
 Director 

 Richard Goodman 

 67 
 
 Director 

 Frederick A. Henderson 

 57 
 
 Director 

 Barb J. Samardzich 

 57 
 
 Director 

 R. Bruce McDonald. Mr. McDonald's extensive experience and knowledge of Adient and its products and
services, gained from more than fifteen years of service in a wide range of Johnson Controls' leadership positions, will enable him to provide meaningful input and guidance to Adient's board of
directors and management team. Mr. McDonald will bring to the board a broad strategic vision for Adient, and, as the only Adient executive serving on the board, will be able to offer valuable
insights into Adient's day-to-day operations and business affairs. Mr. McDonald also brings deep relationships with customers and key joint venture partners. 

 John M. Barth. Mr. Barth has extensive experience in the automotive industry and leading public companies as the Chairman
of Johnson Controls
from 2004 to 2007 and Chief Executive Officer from 2002 to 2007. Mr. Barth joined Johnson Controls in 1969 and held a number of leadership roles in the company prior to his appointment as Chief
Executive Officer, including service as Chief Operating Officer from 1998 to 2002 and head of the automotive business from 1992 to 1998. Mr. Barth will bring to the board his extensive business
and leadership experience and global customer knowledge and relationships in the automotive industry, which will enable him to provide guidance to Adient's management and contribute insights into
Adient's strategy and operations. 

 Julie L. Bushman. Ms. Bushman has served as a director of Johnson Controls since 2012. Ms. Bushman is currently the
Senior Vice
President, Business Transformation and Information Technology of 3M Company and has served in that role since 2013. Ms. Bushman served as Executive Vice President Safety & Graphics
Business of 3M from 2012 to 2013, as Executive Vice President Safety, Security and Protection Services Business of 3M from 2011 to 2012, as Vice President and General Manager, Occupational Health and
Environmental Safety Division of 3M from 2007 to 2011, and as Division Vice President, Occupational Health and Environmental Safety Division of 3M from 2006 to 2007. Ms. Bushman will bring to
the board manufacturing and technical expertise, management and information technology experience, and leadership in product safety initiatives from her roles in the management of different 3M Company
departments and divisions. 

 Raymond L. Conner. Mr. Conner has served as a director of Johnson Controls since 2013. Mr. Conner is currently the
Vice Chairman of The
Boeing Company and President and Chief Executive Officer of Boeing Commercial Airplanes and has served in those roles since 2013 and 2012, respectively. From 2012 to 2013, Mr. Conner was
Executive Vice President of The Boeing Company, and from 2011 to 2012, he led Sales, Marketing and Commercial Aviation Services for Boeing Commercial Airplanes. From 2008 to 2011, Mr. Conner
was vice president and general manager of Supply Chain Management and Operations for Boeing Commercial Airplanes. Mr. Conner served as vice president of Sales for Commercial Airplanes for
Boeing Commercial Airplanes from 2007 to 2008 and as vice president of Sales for the Americas for Boeing from 2003 to 2007. Mr. Conner held other 

 118 

 Table of Contents 

 positions
of increasing responsibility since joining The Boeing Company in 1977. Mr. Conner will bring to the board his extensive manufacturing and technical expertise, global leadership
experience, and insight into government affairs from his executive roles at Boeing. 

 Richard Goodman. Mr. Goodman has served as a director of Johnson Controls since 2008. He also serves as a director and as
the chair of the
Audit Committee and member of the Nominating and Governance Committee of Kindred Healthcare, chair of the Audit Committee and member of the Compensation and Benefits Committee of The Western Union
Company and chair of the Audit Committee of Toys "R" Us. Mr. Goodman served as Executive Vice President of Global Operations, PepsiCo from 2010 through 2011 and as Chief Financial Officer of
PepsiCo from 2006 to 2010. Prior to 2006, he served in a variety of senior financial positions at that company, including CFO of PepsiCo International, CFO of PepsiCo Beverages International, and
General Auditor. Mr. Goodman joined PepsiCo in 1992, having previously worked with W.R. Grace in a variety of global senior financial roles. Mr. Goodman will bring to the board years of
financial management, risk management, and auditing expertise from his various positions at PepsiCo and W.R. Grace as well as valuable experience in mergers and acquisitions, investment, and corporate
finance he possesses from his many years of service at large, international corporations. Mr. Goodman will also bring to the board his experience of serving as a director of other global public
companies. 

 Frederick A. Henderson. Mr. Henderson is currently the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of SunCoke Energy and of
SunCoke Energy
Partners GP, and has served in those roles since 2011 and 2013, respectively. He also served as a Senior Vice President of Sunoco, Inc. from 2010 until SunCoke's initial public offering
in July 2011. During 2010, Mr. Henderson was also a consultant for General Motors and AlixPartners. He was President and Chief Executive Officer of General Motors during 2009 and President and
Chief Operating Officer of General Motors from 2008 to 2009. He was previously Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of General Motors from 2006 to 2008. Mr. Henderson is a director of
Marriott International, where he serves as chair of the Audit Committee and a trustee of the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and member of its Audit Committee. Mr. Henderson previously served as a
director of Compuware Corp. (a technology performance company), where he served as chair of its Audit Committee, and was a member of its Nominating/Governance and Advisory Committees.
Mr. Henderson will bring to the board his extensive global senior management experience in the automotive and other manufacturing industries. In addition, he is an experienced senior-level
executive, with general operations, manufacturing and marketing experience, as well as senior-level strategic planning, business development, financial expertise, managerial, management development
and compensation and health, environment and safety experience. 

 Barb J. Samardzich. Ms. Samardzich is currently the Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Ford of
Europe GmbH and has served in those roles since 2013. Ms. Samardzich is retiring from Ford effective October 1, 2016. She served as Vice President, Product Development, Ford of
Europe GmbH from 2011 to 2013. She also served as Vice President, Global Product Programs, Ford of Europe GmbH in 2011 and Vice President, Powertrain Engineering, Ford of
Europe GmbH from 2005 to 2010. Before 2010, she held several key leadership roles in Ford's Product Development organization and served in a variety of positions in Ford's Powertrain
Engineering organization. Prior to joining Ford in 1990, Ms. Samardzich worked as a thermal design engineer in Westinghouse Electric's nuclear fuels division. Ms. Samardzich is a
director of MTS Systems Corporation, where she serves on the Compensation Committee. Ms. Samardzich will bring to the board her extensive experience and knowledge of global automotive company
operations issues, including manufacturing, quality, product development, purchasing, sustainability, environmental and safety engineering. In addition, she is an experienced senior leader in the
automotive industry. 

 119 

 Table of Contents 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

 Effective upon the completion of the distribution, Adient's board of directors, which we also refer to as the Board, is expected to
have the following standing committees: an Executive Committee, an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Corporate Governance Committee. 

 Executive Committee. The primary function of the Executive Committee will be to exercise all of the powers of the Board when the Board
is not in
session, as the law permits and subject to certain limitations specified in the Executive Committee Charter. The Executive Committee is expected to consist of R. Bruce McDonald, John M.
Barth, Richard Goodman and Frederick A. Henderson. 

 Audit Committee. The Board will have a separately-designated standing Audit Committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)
(58)(A) of
the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee is expected to consist of Julie L. Bushman, Richard Goodman and Barb J. Samardzich, each of whom is expected to be independent in accordance with
the rules and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange and the SEC. Richard Goodman is expected to be the Audit Committee Chairman. It is expected that Richard
Goodman will be determined to be an "audit committee financial expert" as defined by the SEC. The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee will be
to: 

 &#149; Review and discuss the audited consolidated financial statements with management and Adient's independent registered public accounting
firm for inclusion of the financial statements and related disclosures in Adient's Annual Report on Form 10-K; 
 &#149; Review and discuss with management and Adient's independent registered public accounting firm Adient's quarterly consolidated
financial statements and disclosures and earnings press releases; 
 &#149; Review and advise the Board with respect to the effectiveness of Adient's system for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations; 
 &#149; Review with Adient's general counsel legal matters that may have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements and any
material reports or inquiries received from regulators or governmental agencies regarding compliance; 
 &#149; Review the activities of Adient's Internal Audit department, the significant findings from completed audits and the actions Adient's
management is taking in response to those audits; 
 &#149; Review major financial risk exposures and management's plans to monitor and control such exposures;
and 
 &#149; Review Adient's significant capital appropriations matters. 

 Compensation Committee. John M. Barth, Julie L. Bushman and Raymond L. Conner are expected to be the members of the Board's
Compensation Committee. John M. Barth is expected to be the Compensation Committee Chairman. The primary responsibilities of the Compensation Committee will be
to: 

 &#149; Evaluate and recommend the CEO to the Board; 
 &#149; Recommend to the Board the selection and retention of officers and key employees; 
 &#149; Review and recommend to the Board the overall compensation program for directors, including committee member and chair retainers; 
 &#149; Review and approve compensation and compensation-related objectives for senior
executives; 
 &#149; Administer and approve amendments to the executive compensation plans except for such amendments that require Board approval. 
 
 120 

 Table of Contents 

 Additionally,
the Compensation Committee will assess on an annual basis the independence of its compensation consultants, outside legal counsel, and other compensation advisers. The
Compensation Committee Charter to be adopted by the Board will permit the committee to, in its discretion, delegate all or a portion of its duties and responsibilities to a subcommittee of the
committee. 

 Corporate Governance Committee. Raymond L. Conner, Frederick A. Henderson and Barb J. Samardzich are expected to be the members of
the Board's
Corporate Governance Committee. Frederick A. Henderson is expected to be the Corporate Governance Committee Chairman. 

 The
primary responsibilities of the Corporate Governance Committee will be to: 

 &#149; Develop guidelines and criteria for the qualifications of directors and make related recommendations to the Board for approval; 
 &#149; Select, and recommend to the Board, qualified director candidates, including consideration of any candidates submitted by shareholders
in accordance with Adient's organizational documents; 
 &#149; Consider, and recommend to the Board, the size and composition of the Board; 
 &#149; Develop, and recommend to the Board, standards for director independence and financial expertise. 

 The
committee will consider nominee recommendations from a variety of sources, including nominees recommended by shareholders. The committee might, from time to time, retain an executive
search firm to help facilitate the screening and interview process of director nominees. The committee expects that qualified candidates will have high-level managerial experience in a relatively
complex organization or be accustomed to dealing with complex problems, and will be able to represent the interests of the shareholders as a whole rather than special interest groups or
constituencies. 

 The
committee will also consider the interplay of a candidate's background and expertise with that of other board members, and the extent to which a candidate may be a desirable addition
to any committee of the board. The committee will value diversity as a factor in selecting nominees to serve on the board. Although the committee will not have a specific policy on diversity, the
committee will consider the criteria noted above in selecting nominees for directors, including members from diverse backgrounds and perspectives who combine a broad spectrum of experience and
expertise. 

 In
addition to recommending director candidates, the Corporate Governance Committee will establish procedures for the oversight and evaluation of the board, will review correspondence
received from shareholders, and will review on an annual basis Adient's Corporate Governance Guidelines to be adopted by the board. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

 During Adient's year ended September 30, 2015, Adient was not an independent company, and did not have a compensation committee
or any other committee serving a similar function. Decisions as to the compensation of those who are expected to serve as Adient's executive officers were made by Johnson Controls, as described in the
section of this information statement entitled "Compensation Discussion and Analysis." 

Corporate Governance Guidelines 

 The Board is expected to adopt Corporate Governance Guidelines that will provide a framework for the effective governance of Adient.
These guidelines will address matters such as the Board's duties, director independence, director responsibilities, Board structure and operation, director criteria and qualifications, Board
succession planning, Board compensation,
management evaluation and development, Board orientation and training, Lead Director responsibilities and Adient's Ethics Policy. The Corporate Governance Committee will regularly review developments
in corporate governance and 

 121 

 Table of Contents 

 update
the Corporate Governance Guidelines and other governance materials as it deems necessary and appropriate. 

Board Leadership Structure 

 The Board's leadership structure is expected to include a combined Chairman and Chief Executive Officer role with a strong, independent
nonexecutive lead director. 

 It
is expected that the Board will benefit from combining the roles of Chairman and CEO because of the importance of in-depth, industry-specific knowledge and a thorough understanding of
Adient's business environment and risk management practices in setting agendas and leading the Board's discussions. Combining the roles also will provide a clear leadership structure for the
management team and will serve as a vital link between management and the Board. This is expected to allow the Board to perform its oversight role with the benefit of management's perspective on
Adient's business strategy and all other aspects of the business. 

 The
Board periodically reviews its determination to have a single individual act both as Chairman and CEO. 

Lead Independent Director 

 Adient's Corporate Governance Guidelines are expected to provide for an independent nonexecutive director to act as Lead Director. The
Lead Director will be elected by the independent, non-management members of the Board, upon the recommendation of the Corporate
Governance Committee. The Lead Director Charter is expected to provide that the Lead Director's responsibilities will include, among other things: 

 &#149; Approving the Board meeting schedules to ensure there is sufficient time for discussion of all Board agenda items; 
 &#149; Approving the Board meeting agendas to ensure that topics deemed important by Adient's independent directors are included in Board
discussions and sufficient executive sessions are scheduled as needed; 
 &#149; Calling meetings of the Board's independent directors; 
 &#149; Developing the agenda for and serving as chairman of the Board's executive sessions; 
 &#149; Serving as principal liaison between the Board's independent directors and the Board Chairman and CEO; 
 &#149; Serving as chair of Board meetings when the Board Chairman is not present; 
 &#149; Approving information sent to the Board; and 
 &#149; If requested by Adient's major shareholders, ensuring that he or she is available for consultation and direct communication. 

 The
Lead Director will also perform other duties as the Board may determine. The Lead Director will provide feedback after each Board meeting to the Chairman on the substance of the
items presented and may make suggestions for enhancing management's and the Board's effectiveness. 

 The
Board is expected to require executive sessions of the independent directors at least twice annually. During these executive sessions, the Lead Director will have the responsibility,
among other things, to lead and facilitate the meeting and discussion of matters on the agenda. 

Board Oversight of Risk 

 Adient's Board, as a whole or through its committees, will oversee an enterprise-wide approach to risk management that is intended to
achieve Adient's long-term strategic and organizational objectives 

 122 

 Table of Contents 

 and
enhance shareholder value. Management will be responsible for the day-to-day management of the risks that Adient will face, while the Board, as a whole and through its committees, will have the
responsibility for the oversight of risk management. In this risk oversight role, the Board will be responsible for ensuring that the risk management framework, and any supporting processes
implemented by management, are adequate and functioning as designed. 

 Although
the Board will have the ultimate oversight responsibility for the risk management process, various committees of the Board also will have responsibility for risk management. The
Board and its committees are expected to exercise their risk oversight function by carefully evaluating the reports they receive from management and by engaging in discussions with management
regarding areas of particular interest or significance. Each of the Board committees will be responsible for oversight of risk management practices for categories of top risks relevant to committee
functions, which are set
forth below. The Board will also consider the significant risks to Adient in the course of its reviews of corporate strategy and business plans. 

 The
following table summarizes the primary areas of risk oversight of the Board and its committees: 

 Board/Committee

 Primary Areas of Risk Oversight 

 Full Board 
 
 The Board will oversee matters that may present a material risk to Adient's operations, plans, prospects or reputation, including the risks and exposures associated with significant capital expenditures, acquisitions and
divestitures, management succession planning, major litigation and regulatory exposures, as well as the strategic, financial and execution risks and exposures associated with the annual operating plan and strategic plan. 

 Audit Committee 
 
 The Audit Committee will be primarily responsible for overseeing the risks and exposures associated with Adient's businesses. The Audit Committee Charter is expected to provide that the Audit Committee will discuss
major risk exposures, including financial, operational, privacy, security, competition, and legal and regulatory risks, and the steps Adient will take and will have taken to detect, monitor and actively manage such exposures. The Audit Committee will
also conduct a review with Adient's General Counsel of any material legal, compliance, and regulatory matters that could have a material impact on Adient's financial statements or Adient's business, including material notices to or inquiries received
from governmental agencies. 

 Corporate Governance Committee 
 
 The Corporate Governance Committee will review the risks and exposures relating to Adient's corporate governance, director independence, conflicts of interest, ethics and compliance, and director candidate and
succession planning programs and policies. 

 Compensation Committee 
 
 The Compensation Committee will oversee the risks and exposures associated with leadership assessment, management succession planning, recruiting, retention and director and executive compensation programs and
arrangements, including Adient's incentive plans. 

 123 

 Table of Contents 

 Management's Role in Risk Oversight. Adient's management will support the Board and its committees in Adient's enterprise-wide approach
to risk
management. Adient expects to have embedded an enterprise risk management, or ERM, program across its core business, which will be aligned with initiatives that involve the Audit Committee, executive
management and other personnel. The ERM framework will be designed to identify, assess, prioritize, and manage major risk exposures that could affect Adient's
ability to execute on its corporate strategy and fulfill its business objectives. The ERM program will be designed to enable the Audit Committee and management to collectively review the effectiveness
of Adient's risk management practices and capabilities and Adient's risk exposure and risk tolerance and also to elevate key risks to the Board. 

 Adient's
Vice President of Internal Audit will be responsible for Adient's internal audit function and will support Adient's enterprise-wide risk management framework through risk
assessment, monitoring, and reporting. The Vice President of Internal Audit will report directly to the Audit Committee, and the Audit Committee will review and evaluate the Vice President of Internal
Audit's appointment, compensation, and performance. The Vice President of Internal Audit will facilitate the Audit Committee's review and approval of the internal audit plan and will provide regular
reporting on audit activities. In addition, through consultation with management, the Vice President of Internal Audit will periodically assess the major risks facing Adient and coordinate with the
members of management responsible for such risks. 

 The
executive responsible for managing a particular risk may also be required to report to the Audit Committee on how the risk is being managed and the progress towards any agreed-upon
risk mitigation goals. 

Board Independence 

 The Board will annually determine the independence of each director and nominee for election as a director based on a review of the
information provided by the directors and the executive officers as well as a survey by Adient's legal and finance departments. The Board will make these determinations under the NYSE Listed Company
Manual's independence standards and Adient's Corporate Governance Guidelines. In addition, the Board is expected to establish categorical standards of independence to assist it in making
determinations of director independence, which will be set forth in Adient's Corporate Governance Guidelines and will be posted on Adient's website. 

 Following
such evaluation, the Board is expected to affirmatively determine by resolution that the following directors are independent: John M. Barth, Julie L. Bushman, Raymond L.
Conner, Richard Goodman, Frederick A. Henderson and Barb J. Samardzich. 

Board Succession Plan 

 The Board succession plan is expected to be generally outlined in the Corporate Governance Committee Charter and Corporate Governance
Guidelines to maintain effective shareholder representation. As part of the Board's succession planning, the Board regularly reviews the composition of the Board and assesses the balance of knowledge,
experience, skills, expertise, tenure and diversity that is appropriate for the Board as a whole. 

Board, Committee and Director Evaluations 

 Each year, the Board will conduct an evaluation of itself, the Board committees, and, as discussed below, each director to determine
their respective effectiveness. The Corporate Governance Committee will determine annually the manner of these evaluations to ensure that the Board receives accurate and insightful information. 

 124 

 Table of Contents 

Attendance at Annual Meetings 

 The Board will expect all directors to attend the annual meetings of shareholders. Directors may attend the meeting by any means
permitted under applicable law. 

Shareholder / Other Interested Party Communication with the Board 

 Adient expects to adopt a policy enabling shareholders and other interested parties to communicate with directors. The policy will
provide for general communications to the Board or any individual Board member to be sent to c/o Adient, Attn: Corporate Secretary, 833 East Michigan Street, Suite 1100, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202.
The Adient Secretary's office will open and screen these communications for security purposes and for relevance in the directors' capacities as directors.

 Shareholder communications may also be sent directly to the Lead Director, who is expected to be John M. Barth. Shareholders will be able to send communications to his attention at c/o
Adient, Attn: Lead Director, 833 East Michigan Street, Suite 1100, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202. In addition, Adient expects that the Lead Director Charter will provide that at the request of a
major shareholder, Adient's Lead Director will make himself reasonably available for consultation and direct communication.

Director Nominee Selection and Evaluation 

 The Corporate Governance Committee will develop criteria and qualifications for directors and director candidates that the Board
reviews and approves annually. The Corporate Governance Committee is expected to have a process under which it will identify and evaluate all director candidates properly nominated as required by
Adient's Corporate Governance Guidelines. To identify director candidates, the Corporate Governance Committee will maintain a file of potential director nominees (including those recommended by
shareholders), will solicit candidates from current directors, will evaluate recommendations and nominations by shareholders, and will have retained for a fee recruiting professionals to identify and
evaluate director candidates. The Corporate Governance Committee uses the following criteria, among others, to evaluate any director candidate's capabilities to serve as a member of the Board: board
attendance and engagement, independence, other time demands (including service on other boards), and potential or apparent conflicts (such as relationships with one of Adient's competitors, key
suppliers or key customers). In addition, the Corporate Governance Committee will examine the following qualifications, among others, to identify and evaluate director candidates: industry experience
and expertise (such as automotive, industrial manufacturing, technology or engineering); functional experience and expertise (such as whether the director candidate is a current chief executive
officer or chief financial officer or possesses financial acumen, has operational experience, has international exposure, has experience or expertise in mergers and acquisitions, information
technology strategy or engineering/product development); and the diversity of the director candidate. The Corporate Governance Committee will also review the qualifications of any candidate with those
of current directors to determine coverage and gaps in experience in related industries and functional areas. 

 The
Board Chairman and the Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee also will lead an evaluation of each director whose term is expiring at the upcoming annual meeting of shareholders
based upon the preceding criteria and input from the other directors before nominating and recommending such director for reelection. 

 125 

 Table of Contents 

Clawback Provision 

 Adient is expected to adopt an Executive Compensation Incentive Recoupment (Clawback) Policy. Under the policy, the Committee will
require all executive officers elected by the Board to reimburse any incentive awards if: 

 &#149; The awards were based on that performance period's financial results and became the subject of a material restatement, other than a
restatement due to changes in accounting policy; 
 &#149; The Committee believes the elected executive officer engaged in conduct that caused, or even partially caused, the need for the
restatement; and 
 &#149; A lower payment could have been made to the elected executive officer based upon the restated financial results. 

 If
there is a material restatement of financial statements, the Committee will also have to seek to recover any compensation from the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
to the extent required under Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Stock Ownership Policy 

 Adient is expected to adopt an Executive Stock Ownership Policy that will require executive officers to hold significant amounts of
Adient stock. These guidelines will tie the compensation of Adient's named executive officers to Adient's share performance, since the increase or decrease in Adient's share price will impact their
personal holdings. The policy is expected to provide that if an executive officer does not meet the minimum ownership guidelines, the executive officer will not be permitted to sell Adient ordinary
shares until his or her equity holdings meet the requirements. 

Ethics Policy 

 Adient is expected to adopt an Ethics Policy that will require all its business activities to be conducted in compliance with laws,
regulations, and ethical principles and values. All directors, officers, and employees of Adient will be required to read, understand, and abide by the requirements of the Ethics Policy. The Ethics
Policy will be accessible on Adient's website. Any waiver of the Ethics Policy for directors or executive officers may be made only by Adient's board of directors. Adient will disclose any amendment
to, or waiver from, a provision of the Ethics Policy for the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar
functions, on Adient's website. 

 126 

 Table of Contents 

 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Introduction 

 As discussed above, the automotive seating and interiors businesses are currently part of Johnson Controls, and Adient's compensation
committee has not yet been formed. This Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes the historical compensation practices of Johnson Controls and attempts to outline certain aspects of Adient's
anticipated compensation structure for its senior executive officers following the separation. While Adient has discussed its anticipated programs and policies with the Compensation Committee of
Johnson Controls' board of directors (which we refer
to as the "Johnson Controls Compensation Committee"), they remain subject to the review and approval of Adient's own compensation committee (which we refer to as the "Adient Compensation Committee"). 

 The
employees who are expected to be appointed to serve as Adient's Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, and Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer are identified below. For purposes of the following Compensation Discussion and Analysis and executive compensation disclosures, the individuals listed below are collectively
referred to as Adient's "named executive officers." 

 &#149; R. Bruce McDonald, Chief Executive Officer. Prior to the separation, Mr. McDonald served as Executive Vice President and Vice
Chairman of Johnson Controls. 
 &#149; Jeffrey M. Stafeil, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Stafeil commenced employment with Johnson
Controls on April 1, 2016. 
 &#149; Neil E. Marchuk, Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer. Mr. Marchuk commenced employment with
Johnson Controls on January 1, 2016. 
 &#149; Byron S. Foster, Executive Vice President. 
 &#149; Cathleen A. Ebacher, Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. 

 The
historical decisions relating to the compensation of Mr. McDonald, who served as an executive officer of Johnson Controls in fiscal year 2015 and prior years, were made by the
Johnson Controls Compensation Committee. The historical decisions for Mr. Foster and Ms. Ebacher were established by Johnson Controls through its processes for non-executive employee
compensation. As noted above, Messrs. Stafeil and Marchuk were not employed by Johnson Controls during fiscal year 2015 and thus did not receive any compensation during that year. Following the
separation, the compensation of Adient's executive officers will be determined by the Adient Compensation Committee consistent with the compensation and benefit plans, programs, and policies adopted
by Adient. Additional information about Adient's expected senior executive team following the separation is set forth in the section of this information statement entitled
"Management&#151;Executive Officers Following the Distribution." 

 While
the primary focus of the following disclosure is on the compensation for Messrs. McDonald and Foster and Ms. Ebacher, the types of compensation and benefits provided
to them are generally similar to those that will likely be provided to any other individuals who are identified to serve as executive officers of Adient upon the separation. 

 It
is anticipated that Adient's compensation policies will initially be similar to those employed by Johnson Controls. The Adient Compensation Committee will review these policies and
practices, and, it is expected, will make adjustments to support Adient's strategies and to remain market competitive. The following sections of this Compensation Discussion and Analysis describe
Johnson Controls' compensation philosophy, policies, and practices as they applied to the one Adient named executive officer identified above who served as an executive officer of Johnson Controls
during fiscal year 2015. 

 127 

 Table of Contents 

Executive Compensation Objectives 

Historically 

 Three long-term objectives drive the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee's decisions regarding the executive compensation elements,
incentive plan design, and award levels. The Johnson Controls Compensation Committee uses multiple compensation elements to reach these objectives and drive Johnson Controls executives to deliver
sustained results for Johnson Controls shareholders. 

 1. Building Shareholder Value Over the Long Term . Long-term incentive compensation and stock-based
opportunities comprise the largest component of Johnson Controls executive officers' total direct compensation (consisting of base salary, annual incentives, and long-term incentives), as the Johnson
Controls Compensation Committee emphasizes compensation that it believes is directly linked with the creation of shareholder value over the long term.
 2. Delivering Sustained, Strong Business and Financial Results . When determining total direct
compensation for each named executive officer, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee considers Johnson Controls' financial performance and the progress Johnson Controls has made towards
successfully executing the long-term strategic plan of the business.
 3. Attracting, Motivating and Retaining a Highly Qualified and Effective Executive Team . The
attraction, motivation, and retention of top executive talent are critical to Johnson Controls' continued success. Therefore, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee considers executive
compensation levels for similar positions at companies within Johnson Controls' Compensation Peer Group. 

Going Forward 

 As noted above, because the Adient Compensation Committee has not yet been formed, the executive compensation objectives at Adient will
be developed and established by the Adient Compensation Committee after the separation. It is, however, currently expected that after the
separation, the framework of Adient's executive compensation program will initially be similar to the framework used by Johnson Controls. 

Executive Compensation Philosophy 

Historically 

 In the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee's pursuit of Johnson Controls' long-term objectives, a philosophy built on five
principles guides the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee. These principles underlie all decisions that the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee makes regarding the executive compensation
elements, incentive plan design, and award levels. 

 1. Shareholder Alignment and Risk Mitigation . To avoid hindering delivery of strong, sustainable
financial results and the delivery of long-term value to Johnson Controls shareholders, compensation should be structured to align the interests of executive officers with the interests of
shareholders and in a manner that does not encourage excessive risk-taking. To discourage excessive risk-taking, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee conducts an annual risk assessment of
Johnson Controls' compensation plans and places great emphasis on equity-based incentive compensation and stock ownership by executive officers.
 2. Pay for Performance . A substantial portion of compensation should be variable to reward named
executive officers for the achievement of strategic, financial, and leadership objectives.
 3. Long-Term Focus . Long-term incentive compensation and stock-based awards should be designed to
drive the achievement of strategic business objectives and increase shareholder value in the long run. 
 
 128 

 Table of Contents 

 4. Aligned to Market . Total direct compensation should be competitive to attract, motivate, and
retain a highly qualified and effective global executive team that will continue to drive Johnson Controls' success.
 5. Incentive Pay Alignment and Responsibility . As an executive officer's level of responsibility
increases, the target percentage of total direct compensation that is at risk and oriented toward long-term performance should increase accordingly. 

Going Forward 

 As noted above, because the Adient Compensation Committee has not yet been formed, the executive compensation philosophy of Adient will
be developed and established by the Adient Compensation Committee after the separation. It is, however, currently expected that after the separation, the framework of Adient's executive compensation
program will initially be similar to Johnson Controls' framework, and will be principally comprised of base salaries, annual performance-based bonuses, and long-term incentive awards in respect of
Adient ordinary shares. 

Determining Compensation Levels 

Historically 

 The objectives of Johnson Controls' executive compensation program to build long-term shareholder value, deliver sustained, strong
business and financial results, and attract, motivate, and retain a highly qualified and effective executive team guide its executive compensation decisions, including the determination of
compensation levels. 

 In
addition to the executive compensation program's objectives, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee also considers, in a subjective manner, the following
factors: 

 &#149; Each executive officer's experience, knowledge, skills, level of responsibility, and potential to influence Johnson Controls'
performance and future success; 
 &#149; Each executive officer's prior salary levels, annual incentive awards, and long-term incentive awards; 
 &#149; The business environment and Johnson Controls' business objectives and strategy; 
 &#149; The need to retain and motivate executive officers; 
 &#149; Corporate governance and regulatory factors related to executive compensation; 
 &#149; Marketplace compensation levels and practices; and 
 &#149; Shareholder perspectives. 

 To
gauge marketplace compensation levels and practices, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee works with Willis Towers Watson, an independent executive compensation consultant, to
conduct a marketplace analysis of executive compensation practices and pay levels against a group of publicly traded companies that we refer to as the "Compensation Peer Group." The Compensation Peer
Group, which the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee annually reviews and updates, consists of a group of companies that: 

 &#149; Johnson Controls competes against for talent; 
 &#149; Are in Johnson Controls' industry or a similar industry; 
 &#149; Have broadly similar revenues and market capitalization; or 
 &#149; Participate in Willis Towers Watson's executive compensation surveys. 

 Johnson
Controls relies upon the compensation data gathered from the Compensation Peer Group to represent the competitive market for executive talent for executive positions. For a few
positions 

 129 

 Table of Contents 

 where
data from the peer group is not available, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee reviews Willis Towers Watson data for general industry companies of similar revenue size. When determining
fiscal year 2015 compensation, the Committee did not, however, require the use of general industry data to make any specific compensation decisions for the Johnson Controls named executive officers.
Given that Johnson Controls' revenue is at nearly the 80th percentile relative to the Compensation Peer Group companies, data are regressed to provide compensation data that represents the
revenue responsibility of each of the executive officer positions that Johnson Controls benchmarks. The median revenue (as of the latest fiscal year end) of the Compensation Peer Group is
$24.5 billion, and the median net income is $2.5 billion. No changes were made to the peer group for fiscal year 2015. 

 The
Compensation Peer Group for fiscal year 2015 consisted of the following companies: 

 &#149; 3M Company 
 &#149; Alcoa Inc. 
 &#149; Caterpillar Inc. 
 &#149; Deere & Company 
 &#149; The Dow Chemical Company 
 &#149; Eaton Corporation 
 &#149; E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company 
 &#149; Emerson Electric Co. 
 &#149; General Dynamics Corporation 
 &#149; The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company 
 &#149; Honeywell International Inc. 
 &#149; Illinois Tool Works Inc. 
 &#149; International Paper Company 
 &#149; Lear Corporation 
 &#149; Lockheed Martin Corporation 
 &#149; Northrop Grumman Corporation 
 &#149; Raytheon Company 
 &#149; United Technologies Corporation 
 &#149; Whirlpool Corporation 

Going Forward 

 After the separation, the Adient Compensation Committee will establish and develop practices and procedures with respect to
establishing compensation levels and may determine an Adient peer group for compensation purposes. 

Role of the Compensation Committee 

Historically 

 The Johnson Controls Compensation Committee is comprised of non-employee independent directors who develop, amend, and approve Johnson
Controls' executive compensation program. 

 130 

 Table of Contents 

 Each
year, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee determines the appropriate level of compensation for all executive officers, including the named executive officers. As an initial
guideline, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee sets the total direct compensation opportunity (base salary, annual incentive target, and long-term incentive target) for each of the executive
officers within a range (+/&#150; 15%) around the 50th percentile of the Compensation Peer Group or, where data from the peer group are not available, general industry survey data.
The variation of actual pay relative to the market data is dependent on the executive officer's performance, experience, knowledge, skills, level of responsibility, potential to impact performance and
future success, and the need to retain and motivate strategic talent. The total target direct compensation opportunity for the named executive officers in fiscal year 2015 ranged from the
50th to the 60th percentile of the Compensation Peer Group data. 

 The
Johnson Controls Compensation Committee generally determines an executive officer's compensation based upon a desire to link compensation to the objectives of the executive
compensation programs that are described above under "&#151;Executive Compensation Philosophy&#151;Historically." In addition, when determining the overall compensation of named
executive officers, including base salaries and annual and long-term incentive amounts, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee considers, in a subjective manner, a number of factors it deems
important, as outlined above under "&#151;Determining Compensation Levels&#151;Historically." 

 The
Johnson Controls Compensation Committee makes the compensation decisions for the named executive officers after careful review and analysis of appropriate performance information and
market compensation data. While the Johnson Controls Chairman and Chief Executive Officer makes recommendations to the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee regarding the compensation of the other
named executive officers, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee alone determines the compensation for the Johnson Controls Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 

 Beyond
determining specific compensation for the named executive officers, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee works with executive management to review and adjust compensation
policies and practices to remain consistent with the company's values and philosophy, support the recruitment and retention of executive talent, and help the company achieve its business objectives. 

Going Forward 

 After the separation, the Adient Compensation Committee will adopt and develop practices and procedures with respect to compensation
decisions relating to base salary, annual incentives, and long-term incentives within the framework of the compensation plans adopted by Adient. It is currently expected that, at least initially,
these compensation plans will be substantially similar to Johnson Controls' compensation plans. In addition, the Adient Compensation Committee will need to evaluate the relevance of peer data and, as
noted, determine the appropriate peer group, if any, for Adient following the separation. 

Role of the Chief Executive Officer 

Historically 

 The Johnson Controls Chief Executive Officer provides recommendations to the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee on the total
direct compensation for each executive officer other than himself. The Chief Executive Officer does not make recommendations with respect to his own compensation. 

 The
Johnson Controls Chief Executive Officer's recommendations for the other executive officers are based on his personal review of their performance, job responsibilities, importance to
the overall business strategy, and Johnson Controls' compensation philosophy. Although the Chief Executive Officer's recommendations are given significant weight, the Johnson Controls Compensation
Committee 

 131 

 Table of Contents 

 retains
full discretion when determining compensation. The Johnson Controls Compensation Committee has delegated to the Chief Executive Officer its discretion to decrease the size of bonus payouts to
executive officers other than the Chief Executive Officer based in part on an assessment of the executive officer's individual performance, as described below under "&#151;Annual Incentive
Performance Program (AIPP)&#151;Historically." 

Going Forward 

 After the separation, the Adient Compensation Committee will adopt and develop practices and procedures with respect to the role of
executive officers in making compensation decisions. 

Role of the Compensation Consultant 

Historically 

 The Johnson Controls Compensation Committee retains the authority to approve and monitor all compensation and benefit programs (other
than broad-based welfare benefit programs). However, to add rigor in the review process and to inform the Johnson Controls
Compensation Committee of market trends, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee engages the services of Willis Towers Watson, an independent executive compensation consultant, to analyze Johnson
Controls' executive compensation structure and plan designs, and to assess whether the compensation program is competitive and supports the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee's goal to align
shareholders' interests with those of the executive officers. Willis Towers Watson also directly provides the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee with the Compensation Peer Group and other market
data discussed above, which the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee references when determining compensation for executive officers. 

 The
Johnson Controls Compensation Committee has the sole authority to approve the independent compensation consultant's fees and terms of the engagement. Thus, the Johnson Controls
Compensation Committee annually reviews its relationship with Willis Towers Watson to ensure executive compensation consulting independence. The process includes a review of the services Willis Towers
Watson provides, the quality of those services, and fees associated with the services during the fiscal year as well as consideration of the factors impacting independence that New York Stock Exchange
rules require. In addition to providing executive compensation consulting, other one-time professional services provided by Towers Watson (now Willis Towers Watson) totaling $434,000 included
actuarial work that was conducted relative to the acquisition of ADT of which it was the existing vendor (these services have not continued after fiscal year 2015). 

Going Forward 

 After the separation, the Adient Compensation Committee will adopt and develop practices and procedures with respect to the role of a
compensation consultant, if any, in making compensation decisions. 

Key Elements of Executive Officer Compensation Program 

Historically 

 There are eight principal elements of the Johnson Controls' executive compensation program. Collectively, these elements deliver an
executive compensation package that achieves the program's three objectives: build long-term shareholder value; drive sustained, strong business and financial 

 132 

 Table of Contents 

 results;
and attract, motivate and retain a highly-qualified and effective management team to drive financial and operational performance. 

 Element

 Link to Program Objectives 
 
 Type of 
Compensation 
 
 Key Features 

 Base Salary 
 
 The Johnson Controls Compensation Committee considers base salaries paid by companies in the Compensation Peer Group and survey data and uses the 50th percentile as a guideline. 
 
 Cash 
 
 Provides a stable source of income and is a standard compensation element in executive compensation packages. 

 Annual Incentive Performance Program 
 
 A cash-based award that encourages named executive officers to focus on the business and financial objectives for each fiscal year. Target
incentive opportunity is set as a percentage of base salary. 
 
 Cash 
 
 Payout is based on profitability, growth, and operational performance during the fiscal year and occurs only if minimum
performance levels are met. For the financial portion of the AIPP, SINC is weighted at 70%, ROS is weighted at 20%, and ROA is weighted at 10%. The Johnson Controls Compensation Committee also has limited discretion available (described
below). 

 Long-Term Incentive Performance Program 
 
 Ensures that a named executive officer's pay is directly linked to the achievement of long-term objectives. 
 
 Performance-based Share Units or long-term cash as a percentage of base salary (for non-executive officer employees) 
 
 Payouts are based on long-term pre-tax earnings growth (weighted 60% for fiscal year 2015) and pre-tax return on invested
capital (weighted 40% for fiscal year 2015) over a 3-year performance cycle. The value of long-term incentives that Johnson Controls delivers through performance-based share units is approximately 50% of total long-term incentive value. 

 133 

 Table of Contents 

 Element

 Link to Program Objectives 
 
 Type of 
Compensation 
 
 Key Features 

 Stock Options 
 
 Links compensation of named executive officers to the building of long-term shareholder value. Keeps the program competitive and helps retain
talent. 
 
 Long-Term Equity 
 
 Aligns executive officers' compensation with the creation of shareholder value. The value of long-term incentives delivered through stock
options is approximately 25% of total long-term incentive value. Johnson Controls considers both stock options and performance-based share units to be performance-based equity. 

 Restricted Stock 
 
 Helps the long-term retention of talent through an extended vesting period. Links compensation of named executive officers to the building
of long-term shareholder value. 
 
 Long-Term Equity 
 
 Vesting of 100% after three years promotes retention, and named executive officers holding restricted stock will receive
greater value if the stock price rises. The long-term incentive value that Johnson Controls delivers through restricted stock is approximately 25% of total long-term incentive value. 

 Retirement 
 
 Critical element of a total rewards program and thus, helps attract, maintain, and retain executive talent. 
 
 Benefit 

 Named executive officers receive retirement benefits through four plans: &#149; 401(k) Plan 
 &#149; Frozen Defined Benefit Pension Plan (frozen on
 December 31, 2014) &#149; Retirement Restoration Plan &#149; Executive Deferred Compensation Plan 

 134 

 Table of Contents 

 Element

 Link to Program Objectives 
 
 Type of 
Compensation 
 
 Key Features 

 Other Benefits 
 
 Delivers modest benefits to supplement total direct compensation and provides protection for named executive officers, where warranted. 
 
 Benefit 
 
 Benefits help named executive officers be more productive and efficient, and they provide protection from business risks and threats.
Perquisites are limited in amount and the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee maintains a strict policy regarding eligibility and use. 

 Employment and Change of Control Agreements 
 
 Ensures named executive officers remain focused on creating sustainable performance. 
 
 Benefit 

 Agreements protect the company and the named executive officers from risks by providing: &#149; Economic stability &#149; Death or disability payments &#149; Payments and benefits in the event of a change of control &#149; Agreements do not contain excise tax gross-ups in the event of a change of control 
 &#149; Equity awards under the Johnson Controls' 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan ("Omnibus Incentive Plan") are subject to double-trigger vesting upon a change of control 

Going Forward 

 After the separation, the Adient Compensation Committee will adopt and develop practices and procedures with respect to compensation
decisions relating to base salary, annual incentives, long-term incentives, and other compensation and benefits within the framework of the compensation plans adopted by us. It is currently expected
that these compensation plans will initially be substantially similar to Johnson Controls' compensation plans, except that Adient does not currently expect to use stock options to compensate Adient
executives following the separation. 

 135 

 Table of Contents 

 In connection with the separation, Adient expects to adopt compensation and benefit plans, including the Adient 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (subject to the
approval of Adient's shareholders prior to the distribution), which plans will initially be substantially similar to those in effect at Johnson Controls before the separation. Following the
separation, the Adient Compensation Committee will administer and make determinations under the Adient compensation plans consistent with Adient's business needs and goals. Additional information
about the Adient 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan is set forth in the section of this information statement entitled "Executive Compensation&#151;Adient 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan." 

Base Salaries 

Historically 

 Base salary provides named executive officers with fixed compensation and a stable source of income. The Johnson Controls Compensation
Committee considers base salary levels during each annual compensation review process or upon a promotion. When establishing base salaries for named executive officers, the Johnson Controls
Compensation Committee considers the compensation for similar positions in the Compensation Peer Group and refers to the 50th percentile as a guideline. If peer group data is not available, the
Johnson Controls Compensation Committee considers salaries that similarly sized companies (defined as similar in revenue size) in general industry pay for similar positions. 

 Salary
changes for named executive officers are generally effective October 1st of each year. Salary changes may occur at other times if there is a promotion or job change. 

 The
Johnson Controls Compensation Committee increased the base salary for Mr. McDonald in fiscal year 2015 based on the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee's review of each
individual's performance, the targeted pay positioning applicable to each individual, and changes in competitive market data among the Compensation Peer Group companies. Mr. McDonald received a
base salary increase in connection with his new position, in recognition of his performance and contributions, and to better align to the market median for his position. Mr. Foster received a
base salary increase in recognition of his performance and contributions and to better align to the market median for his position. Ms. Ebacher received a base salary increase in connection
with her new position, in recognition of her performance and contributions, and to better align to the market median for her position. 

 Named Executive Officer

 Fiscal Year 2014 Base Salary 
(effective October 1, 2013) 
 
 Fiscal Year 2015 Base Salary 
(effective October 1, 2014) 
 
 % Increase 

 R. Bruce McDonald 

$ 
 881,000 

$ 
 1,000,000 

 13.5 
 % 

 Byron S. Foster 

$ 
 466,000 

$ 
 507,000 

 8.8 
 % 

 Cathleen A. Ebacher 

$ 
 287,000 

$ 
 325,000 

 13.2 
 % 

Going Forward 

 After the separation, the Adient Compensation Committee will adopt and develop practices and procedures with respect to compensation
decisions relating to base salary within the framework of the compensation plans adopted by Adient, which initially will be substantially similar to Johnson Controls' compensation plans. 

Annual Incentive Performance Program (AIPP) 

Historically 

 Johnson Controls' AIPP is a one-year cash award that encourages Johnson Controls named executive officers to focus on financial
objectives that translate into stock price performance and value 

 136 

 Table of Contents 

 creation
for shareholders. At the beginning of each fiscal year, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee approves performance objectives and sets the annual performance incentive target
opportunity for each executive officer, which is expressed as a percentage of base salary for each individual. 

 For
fiscal 2015, 80% of the targeted AIPP award for Mr. McDonald, Mr. Foster, and Ms. Ebacher was based on financial metrics, as described below. The remaining 20%
of the targeted award for Mr. McDonald was based on a discretionary assessment of individual performance, as assessed by the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee. The remaining 20% of the
targeted award for Mr. Foster and Ms. Ebacher was based on specified non-financial strategic objectives established by the Johnson Controls Chief Executive Officer. The Johnson Controls
Compensation Committee has the discretion to decrease the size of the overall bonus payout for each named executive officer based in part on an assessment of the named executive officer's individual
performance, and has delegated this discretion to the Johnson Controls Chief Executive Officer with respect to named executive officers other than the Chief Executive Officer. The Johnson Controls
Compensation Committee makes this assessment for the Johnson Controls Chief Executive Officer based on its subjective evaluation of performance relative to strategic, financial and leadership
objectives that the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee or the Johnson Controls board of directors has approved and has discretion to decrease the amount of the incentive award that the Chief
Executive Officer would otherwise receive. The Johnson Controls Chief Executive Officer makes this assessment for the other named executive officers based on his subjective evaluation of performance
relative to strategic, financial, and leadership objectives he has approved and has discretion to decrease the amount of the incentive award that the executive officers would otherwise receive. 

 For
the 80% of the AIPP award that is based on financial metrics, Johnson Controls uses SINC, ROS, and ROA as the measures, based upon the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee's
belief that providing incentives to focus on those measures links to Johnson Controls' strategic plan and will create long-term shareholder value. Additionally, the Johnson Controls Compensation
Committee believes SINC growth continues to be the most critical measure of Johnson Controls' business when supported by an increase in ROS and reasonable rates of ROA. 

 Johnson
Controls uses simple weightings for the performance measures by placing specific weighting on each metric for purposes of determining the amounts of the awards earned. In fiscal
year 2015, the financial portion of the annual incentive measures had the following weights: 70% SINC, 20% ROS, and 10% ROA. Each weighting reflects the Committee's view of the importance of the
respective measures to Johnson Controls' overall strategic plan and shareholder value creation. Additionally, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee sets the percentage for threshold (minimum),
target, and maximum performance levels that will determine the amounts of the award earned. An executive officer would not have received a payout under an award if Johnson Controls did not meet
threshold performance levels. 

 The
performance measures for the Johnson Controls AIPP are defined as follows: 

 &#149; Year-over-Year SINC Growth. SINC is defined as net
income attributable to each business unit (corporate is the aggregate of the three business units and Corporate) adjusted for income tax expense, financing costs, non-controlling interests, and
certain significant non-recurring items, such as acquisitions and divestitures, impairment charges, restructuring costs, mark-to-market pension gains/losses, and the adoption of new accounting
pronouncements, all as reflected in the audited financial statements that appear in Johnson Controls' Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 137 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; ROS. ROS is defined as an internal financial measure that
relates SINC to the sales of the business unit. Corporate is the aggregate of the three business units and Corporate. 
 &#149; ROA. ROA is defined as an internal financial measure that
relates SINC on a pre-tax basis to the average net operating assets of the business unit. Corporate is the aggregate of the three business units and corporate. Net Operating Assets are defined as (+)
Total Assets; (&#150;) Cash; (&#150;) Income Tax Assets; (&#150;) Post-Employment Assets; (&#150;) Derivative Assets; (&#150;) Total Liabilities;
(+) Debt; (+) Income Tax Liabilities; (+) Post-Employment Liabilities; (+) Restructuring Liabilities; (+) Derivative Liabilities; (+) Dividends Payable. 

 For
Mr. McDonald and Ms. Ebacher, 100% of the financial portion of the annual incentive was based on performance relative to Corporate results. For Mr. Foster, 50%
of the financial portion of the annual incentive was based on performance relative to Automotive Experience results, and 50% of the financial portion of the annual incentive was based on performance
relative to Corporate results. 

 The
table below summarizes the fiscal year 2015 AIPP target and actual award for Mr. McDonald, Mr. Foster, and Ms. Ebacher. During the process for establishing
targets for fiscal year 2015, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee with the assistance of its independent compensation consultant, Towers Watson (now Willis Towers Watson), reviewed the
following data: 

 &#149; Johnson Controls' strategic and financial plans; 
 &#149; The global macroeconomic environment for fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014, including global Gross Domestic Product growth
as well as growth estimates in those countries where Johnson Controls has significant business operations; 
 &#149; Growth estimates for automotive production and construction spending on a regional basis; 
 &#149; Company specific factors including capital expenditure levels, restructuring, and other investment initiatives; 
 &#149; Analyst consensus growth expectations for Johnson Controls versus those of the Compensation Peer Group; 
 &#149; Movement of analyst consensus earnings estimates over time; and 
 &#149; Projected earnings growth estimates from the Compensation Peer Group and the broader S&P 500 Stock Index. 

 Based
on its review of the above information and the advice of Towers Watson (now Willis Towers Watson), the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee chose to set the SINC growth
thresholds, targets, and maximums for fiscal year 2015 using analyst consensus earnings estimates for the S&P 500 and the S&P 500 Industrials. The Committee chose to set the thresholds,
targets, and maximums for ROS and ROA relative to Johnson Controls' financial strategic plans. This approach ensures that 

 138 

 Table of Contents 

 Johnson
Controls provides competitive incentive compensation based on market competitive performance while continuing to focus on its strategic deliverables. 

 2015 Actual 
Performance 

 2015 Goals 
 
 2015 Actual 
Awards (Non- 
Discretionary 
Portion) 

 Performance Measures

 Threshold 
 
 Target 
 
 Maximum 
 
 Actual 

 Corporate 

 Year-Over-Year SINC Growth 

 3.0 
 % 
 
 8.0 
 % 
 
 14.0 
 % 
 
 13.0 
 % 
 
 188.5 
 % 

 Return on Sales (ROS) 

 7.4 
 % 
 
 7.8 
 % 
 
 8.2 
 % 
 
 8.5 
 % 

 Pre-Tax ROA 

 17.2 
 % 
 
 18.2 
 % 
 
 19.1 
 % 
 
 20.1 
 % 

 Automotive Experience 

 Year-Over-Year SINC Growth 

 &#150;2.0 
 % 
 
 4.0 
 % 
 
 10.0 
 % 
 
 14.2 
 % 
 
 200.0 
 % 

 Return on Sales (ROS) 

 5.2 
 % 
 
 5.6 
 % 
 
 5.8 
 % 
 
 6.2 
 % 

 Pre-Tax ROA 

 16.3 
 % 
 
 17.2 
 % 
 
 18.1 
 % 
 
 20.6 
 % 

 Building Efficiency 

 Year-Over-Year SINC Growth 

 10.0 
 % 
 
 17.0 
 % 
 
 27.0 
 % 
 
 13.7 
 % 
 
 101.0 
 % 

 Return on Sales (ROS) 

 9.4 
 % 
 
 9.9 
 % 
 
 10.4 
 % 
 
 10.3 
 % 

 Pre-Tax ROA 

 15.9 
 % 
 
 16.8 
 % 
 
 17.6 
 % 
 
 16.9 
 % 

 For
fiscal year 2015, the target incentive opportunity percentages for the named executive officers ranged from 40% to 125% of base salaries. When establishing target annual incentives
for named executive officers, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee considers the annual incentive targets for similar positions in the Compensation Peer Group and refers to the
50th percentile as a guideline. 

 For
each named executive officer, the actual payout potentially could range from zero to two times the target payout percentage for the financial portion of the AIPP, depending on the
achievement of goals, with the potential payments increasing as performance improved (though not above two times the target payout percentage). For the discretionary portion of the award based on
individual performance, a payout for Mr. McDonald was authorized only if the minimum threshold performance levels under the financial portion were achieved, and Johnson Controls used negative
discretion to deliver the intended award amount. In no event could payments under the discretionary portion of the award exceed the target. 

 The
table below summarizes the threshold, target, and maximum award potential, actual payout as a percent of target, and actual payout amounts for each named executive officer for fiscal
year 2015 after reflecting the exercise of discretion that we discuss above. 

 Award Targets 

 Named Executive Officer

 Threshold 
($)(1) 
 
 Target 
($)(2) 
 
 Maximum 
($)(3) 
 
 2015 Actual 
Payout As a % 
of Target 
 
 2015 Actual 
Payout Amount 
($) 

 R. Bruce McDonald 

 600,000 

 1,500,000 

 3,000,000 

 181.0 
 % 
 
 2,714,400 

 Byron S. Foster 

 152,752 

 305,505 

 611,006 

 200.0 
 % 
 
 611,006 

 Cathleen A. Ebacher 

 65,520 

 131,040 

 262,082 

 200.0 
 % 
 
 262,082 

 (1) Assumes
threshold payout from financial portion of AIPP, and zero payout from discretionary portion.
 (2) Assumes
target payout from financial portion of AIPP, and target payout from discretionary portion.
 (3) Assumes
200% payout from financial portion of AIPP, and full payout from discretionary portion. 
 
 139 

 Table of Contents 

Going Forward 

 After the separation, the Adient Compensation Committee will adopt and develop practices and procedures with respect to compensation
decisions relating to annual incentives within the framework of the compensation plans adopted by us. It is currently expected that these compensation plans will initially be substantially similar to
Johnson Controls' compensation plans. 

Performance Share Units&#151;Long-Term Incentive Performance Program (LTIPP) 

Historically 

 With regards to Mr. McDonald, for fiscal year 2015, the LTIPP was a performance-based share unit award tied to Johnson
Controls' long-term overall performance to ensure that an executive's pay was directly linked to the achievement of strong, sustained long-term operating performance. The Johnson Controls Compensation
Committee approved the award values and terms of the awards for Johnson Controls' executive officers, including named executive officers, in November 2014. Mr. Foster and
Ms. Ebacher did not participate in the Performance Share Units LTIPP program during fiscal year 2015. 

 Grants
were based upon a three-year performance cycle from fiscal year 2015 through fiscal year 2017. The number of performance-based share units granted is equal to the
performance-based share units award value divided by the closing price of Johnson Controls' common stock on November 18, 2014. 

 During
fiscal year 2015, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee reviewed the performance measures that the plan uses and determined that pre-tax earnings growth and pre-tax ROIC are
the measures that most directly align with the creation of long-term shareholder value. Specifically, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee considered the use of TSR and relative TSR as a
long-term incentive performance measure. Given Johnson Controls' focus on earnings growth and unavailability of a peer group of companies engaged in businesses similar to Johnson Controls for purposes
of a comparator group for relative TSR, however, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee instead chose to maintain the longstanding focus on operating metrics&#151;pre-tax earnings growth
and pre-tax ROIC&#151;which are fundamental to long-term value creation for Johnson Controls. These financial performance measures tie to the results reflected in Johnson Controls' audited
annual financial statements that appear in Johnson Controls' Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 For
fiscal year 2015, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee increased the focus on pre-tax ROIC for the long-term incentive performance program based on market data and input from
shareholders. The fiscal year 2015 awards for LTIPP weight pre-tax earnings growth and pre-tax ROIC 60% and 40% respectively (compared to 80% and 20%, respectively, for the fiscal year 2014 awards),
reflecting the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee's emphasis on long-term earnings growth as a key driver of performance. 

 Furthermore,
to emphasize the long-term nature of the program, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee set fixed annual goals for each year of the three-year performance cycles of
the LTIPP at the start of the cycle. The performance of each year within the three-year performance cycle is equally weighted in determining overall performance. 

 The
performance measures for the LTIPP are defined as follows: 

 &#149; Return on Invested Capital (ROIC). ROIC is defined as
income before income taxes adjusted by total financing costs, non-controlling interests, and certain significant non-recurring items such as acquisitions and divestitures, impairment charges,
restructuring costs, mark-to-market pension gains/losses, and the adoption of new accounting pronouncements, divided by pre-tax invested capital. Pre-tax invested capital is defined as the monthly
weighted average sum of shareholders 
 
 140 

 Table of Contents 

 equity
plus total debt, less cash and income tax accounts, adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures. 

 &#149; Year-over-Year Pre-Tax Earnings. Pre-tax earnings is
defined as income before income taxes, adjusted for certain significant non-recurring items, such as acquisitions and divestitures, impairment charges, restructuring costs, mark-to-market pension
gains/losses, and the adoption of new accounting pronouncements, all as reflected in the audited financial statements that appear in Johnson Controls' Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 The
table below summarizes the fiscal years 2015-2017 LTIPP targets for executives. Following Johnson Controls' performance incentive target setting philosophy, during the process for
establishing targets for fiscal years 2015-2017, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee reviewed the following data: 

 &#149; Johnson Controls' financial strategic plan; 
 &#149; Analyst growth expectations for the company versus those of the Compensation Peer Group; and 
 &#149; Projected earnings data from the Compensation Peer Group and the broader S&P's 500 Stock Index. 

 Based
on its review of the above information, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee chose to set the earnings growth thresholds, targets, and maximums for the LTIPP performance
period from fiscal years 2015 through 2017 using guidance from the projected earnings data. 

 The
Johnson Controls Compensation Committee chose to set the ROIC thresholds, targets, and maximum relative to Johnson Controls' strategic plan. This approach ensures that Johnson
Controls provides competitive incentive compensation based on market competitive performance while continuing to focus on strategic long-term deliverables. 

 FISCAL YEAR 2015 LTIPP GRANT (Fiscal Years 2015-2017) 

 Measure

 Weighting 
 
 Threshold 
 
 Target 
 
 Maximum 

 Year-over-Year Pre-Tax Earnings Growth 

 FY2015 

 3.0 
 % 
 
 8.0 
 % 
 
 14.0 
 % 

 FY2016 

 60 
 % 
 
 2.5 
 % 
 
 6.5 
 % 
 
 13.5 
 % 

 FY2017 

 2.5 
 % 
 
 6.5 
 % 
 
 13.5 
 % 

 Pre-Tax ROIC 

FY2015 

17.7 
 % 

18.6 
 % 

19.5 
 % 

 FY2016 

 40 
 % 
 
 19.1 
 % 
 
 20.1 
 % 
 
 21.1 
 % 

 FY2017 

 19.3 
 % 
 
 20.3 
 % 
 
 21.3 
 % 

 For
fiscal year 2015, named executive officers were eligible for a payout under LTIPP cash awards that were made in fiscal year 2013 that reflected performance over the three-year
performance cycle of fiscal years 2013 to 2015. Based on performance relative to the goals that were established for fiscal year 2015, the payout specific to fiscal year 2015 performance was 196.1% of
target based on pre-tax earnings growth and pre-tax ROIC that fell above target for the year. For fiscal year 2015, the objectives and actual results based on pre-tax earnings growth and pre-tax ROIC
are shown in the chart below. 

 141 

 Table of Contents 

 Long-Term Incentive Performance Program&#151;Fiscal Year 2015 Goals and Payout Factor 

 Award

 Pre-Tax 
Earnings 
Growth 
 
 Pre-Tax 
ROIC 

 Threshold 

 3.0 
 % 
 
 17.9 
 % 

 Target 

 7.0 
 % 
 
 18.8 
 % 

 Maximum 

 15.0 
 % 
 
 19.7 
 % 

 Fiscal Year 2015 Results 

 14.6 
 % 
 
 24.2 
 % 

 As
shown in the table below, the payouts relating to fiscal years 2013 to 2015 were 182.5%, 200.0%, and 196.1% of target, respectively. Applying the annual weighting for each year
produced an aggregate payout for the LTIPP for the fiscal years 2013 to 2015 performance cycle of 192.9% of target. 

 Fiscal Year

 Pre-Tax 
Earnings 
Growth 
Target 
 
 Pre-Tax 
Earnings 
Growth 
Actual 
 
 ROIC 
Target 
 
 ROIC 
Actual 
 
 Performance 
Factor 
(percentage 
of target) 
 
 Annual 
Weighting 
 
 Annual 
Weighted 
Performance 

 2015 

 7.0 
 % 
 
 14.6 
 % 
 
 18.8 
 % 
 
 24.2 
 % 
 
 196.1 
 % 
 
 1/3 

 65.4 
 % 

 2014 

 7.0 
 % 
 
 15.2 
 % 
 
 18.2 
 % 
 
 20.7 
 % 
 
 200.0 
 % 
 
 1/3 

 66.7 
 % 

 2013 

 7.0 
 % 
 
 13.3 
 % 
 
 17.4 
 % 
 
 18.6 
 % 
 
 182.5 
 % 
 
 1/3 

 60.8 
 % 

 Actual LTIPP Payout for 2013 - 2015 Performance Cycle (paid upon completion of 2015 fiscal year) 

 192.9 
 % 

Going Forward 

 After the separation, the Adient Compensation Committee will adopt and develop practices and procedures with respect to compensation
decisions relating to long-term incentives within the framework of the compensation plans adopted by us. It is currently expected that these compensation plans will initially be substantially similar
to Johnson Controls' compensation plans. 

Stock Options and Restricted Stock 

Historically 

 Awarding stock options and restricted stock reflects Johnson Controls' executive compensation philosophy and the principle of pay for
performance. By awarding stock
options and restricted stock, Johnson Controls links long-term incentives directly to stock price. If Johnson Controls' stock price decreases, so does the value of the executive officer's
compensation. Stock options and restricted stock also help Johnson Controls maintain competitive compensation levels in the market and retain high-performing employees through multi-year vesting
requirements. 

 Johnson
Controls granted stock options under its Omnibus Incentive Plan and valued them using a Black-Scholes valuation. The exercise price of fiscal year 2015 stock options is equal to
the closing price of Johnson Controls' common stock on the date of the grant. Fifty percent of each stock option award vests two years after the date of grant, and the other 50% vests three years
after the date of grant. Stock option vesting is subject to continued employment, with earlier vesting upon retirement, and stock options have a ten-year exercise term. The Johnson Controls
Compensation Committee does not engage in, or permit, "backdating," repricing, or cash buyouts of stock options, all of which are strictly prohibited. 

 Johnson
Controls values restricted stock based on the price of Johnson Controls' common stock at the date of grant. Beginning in fiscal year 2014, vesting of restricted stock occurs 100%
after three 

 142 

 Table of Contents 

 years.
For grants prior to fiscal year 2014, 50% of each restricted stock award vested two years after the date of grant, and the other 50% four years after the date of grant. If an executive officer
holds unvested restricted stock at retirement, that stock continues to vest following retirement. 

 Johnson
Controls also infrequently uses other types of equity-based awards such as restricted stock units for purposes of recruitment, retention, or recognition. Vesting for these awards
typically occurs after five years and in all cases the awards are forfeited if the participant voluntarily terminates employment prior to vesting. The Johnson Controls Compensation Committee did not
grant any special equity-based awards in fiscal year 2015. 

Going Forward 

 After the separation, the Adient Compensation Committee will adopt and develop practices and procedures with respect to compensation
decisions relating to long-term incentives within the framework of the compensation plans adopted by us. It is currently expected that these compensation plans will initially be substantially similar
to Johnson Controls' compensation plans,
except that Adient does not currently expect to use stock options to compensate Adient executives following the separation. As discussed in the section titled "The Separation and
Distribution&#151;Treatment of Equity Based Compensation," equity compensation awards granted prior to the separation to Adient allocated employees will be equitably adjusted into two separate
awards, one at Johnson Controls and one at Adient. 

Retirement 

Historically 

 Grounded in the market practices of the Compensation Peer Group and general industry data, retirement benefits are also a critical
element to the competitiveness of an executive compensation program. Johnson Controls provides three retirement benefit plans to eligible U.S. salaried employees; named executive officers are eligible
for an additional plan. 

 Retirement Plans. All U.S. employees are eligible for the 401(k) plan, including named executive officers. Participants can contribute
up to 25% of
their compensation on a pre-tax basis; however, executive officers can contribute only up to 6% of their compensation. Based on company performance, Johnson Controls matches 75-100% of each dollar an
employee contributes, up to 6% of the employee's eligible compensation. 

 In
addition, the company makes a varied annual retirement contribution for eligible employees. This group of employees includes all named executive officers. The contribution for this
group of employees is between 1% and 7% of the participant's eligible compensation and is based on the participant's age and service. Both the matching contribution and the annual retirement
contribution are subject to vesting requirements. 

 The
company also maintains a pension plan, which covered all U.S. salaried employees hired before January 1, 2006. This plan was frozen on December 31, 2014, and employees,
including Mr. McDonald, no longer accrue future pension benefits under this plan. 

 Retirement Restoration Plan. The Code limits the benefits Johnson Controls can provide to employees under the pension plan and the
401(k) plan,
including the annual retirement contribution. Thus, Johnson Controls sponsors the Retirement Restoration Plan, which allows all employees who are affected by these limits to obtain the full intended
benefit from the pension and 401(k) plans without regard to such limits. Because benefits under the pension plan were frozen on December 31, 2014, the pension portion of the Retirement
Restoration Plan likewise was frozen on December 31, 2014, such that no additional pension restoration benefits will accrue after that date. 

 143 

 Table of Contents 

 All
employees whose benefits under the pension plan and 401(k) plan, as applicable, are affected by the limits, including named executive officers, are eligible for the Retirement
Restoration Plan. 

 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. The Executive Deferred Compensation Plan assists all senior leaders, including named executive
officers, with
personal financial planning by allowing participants to defer compensation and associated taxes until retirement or termination of employment. It also assists senior leaders in the management of their
executive stock ownership requirements. Investment options in the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan mirror investment options available in the 401(k) plan. 

Going Forward 

 After the separation, the Adient Compensation Committee will adopt and develop practices and procedures with respect to compensation
decisions relating to retirement plans within the framework of the compensation plans adopted by us. It is currently expected that these compensation plans will initially be similar to Johnson
Controls' compensation plans. 

Other Benefits 

Historically 

 Johnson Controls provides perquisites to help executive officers be more productive and efficient, and to provide protection from
potential business risks. Perquisites are limited in amount, and Johnson Controls maintains a strict policy regarding eligibility and use of these benefits. There are no exceptions outside of this
policy. For fiscal year 2015, named executive officers received personal financial planning, club dues, and personal use of a company airplane. Executive officers are also eligible for three
additional perquisites: (1) the company vehicle policy, which is offered to all senior leadership and provides for personal use of a vehicle (the type of vehicle varies by leadership level and
is limited to vehicles that use Johnson Controls' automotive seating and interiors products), (2) the executive physical examination program that offers executive officers an annual
comprehensive physical examination within a compressed time period, and (3) the executive security policy, which is offered to all senior leadership and provides a risk-based mitigation
strategy and security program that recognizes exposure to potential personal security threats due to local/geographic conditions and the nature of their positions as executives of the company. 

 The
Johnson Controls Compensation Committee periodically reviews competitive market data to ensure that perquisites in the executive compensation program are standard and within market
practice. Additionally, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee annually reviews the use of perquisites to ensure adherence to the applicable policy. 

 Executive Survivor Benefits Plan. Named executive officers hired before September 15, 2009 are eligible for the Executive Survivor
Benefits
Plan. Under this plan, if a participating executive officer dies while he or she is an employee, Johnson Controls will make certain payments to his or her beneficiary. This benefit is offered to
executive officers in place of regular group life insurance coverage and any other executive life insurance policy. All benefits under the Executive Survivor Benefits Plan cease upon retirement or
other termination. Named executive officers hired after September 15, 2009 participate in regular group life insurance coverage. 

 Employment and Change of Control Agreements. The employment agreements with senior executive
officers do not include excise tax gross-up payments and include a double-trigger in the event of a change of control of the company, which means that an executive will not receive termination
payments under the employment agreement following a change of control unless the executive's employment is terminated without cause or the executive terminates with good reason. Under the Omnibus
Incentive Plan, equity awards are subject to double-trigger equity vesting in the event of a 

 144 

 Table of Contents 

 change
of control. Double-trigger equity vesting requires both a change of control and executive's termination to vest the equity awards. The employment agreements with named executive officers help
retain key individuals after a change of control and encourage the named executive officers to maximize the value of the transaction for shareholders in the long term. 

Going Forward 

 After the separation, the Adient Compensation Committee will adopt and develop practices and procedures with respect to compensation
decisions relating to other compensation and benefits within the framework of the compensation plans adopted by us. It is currently expected that these compensation plans will initially be
substantially similar to Johnson Controls' compensation plans. 

Risk Assessment 

Historically 

 To discourage excessive risk-taking, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee conducts an annual risk assessment of Johnson
Controls' compensation plans. 

 After
reviewing the compensation program, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee has determined that the program (including each individual element) is unlikely to place the company
at material risk. The review indicated several of Johnson Controls' current practices effectively mitigate risk and promote performance, including: 

 &#149; A balanced mix of pay elements that ties pay to performance; 
 &#149; Appropriate caps on incentives; 
 &#149; Use of multiple performance measures in the annual and long-term incentive plans; 
 &#149; Use of performance measures that are based on the Annual Report and Form 10-K filing; 
 &#149; Compensation Committee discretion and oversight; 
 &#149; Significant stock ownership guidelines; 
 &#149; Appropriate use and provisions of severance and change of control agreements; 
 &#149; Limited and appropriate perquisites; 
 &#149; Provisions of the clawback policy; and 
 &#149; No excise tax gross-up payments. 

Going Forward 

 After the separation, the Adient Compensation Committee will adopt and develop practices and procedures with respect to risk assessment
of compensation practices within the framework of the compensation plans adopted by us. It is currently expected that these compensation plans will initially be substantially similar to Johnson
Controls' compensation plans. 

 145 

 Table of Contents 

Clawback Provisions 

Historically 

 Johnson Controls maintains an Executive Compensation Incentive Recoupment (Clawback) Policy. Under the policy, the Johnson Controls
Compensation Committee requires all executive officers elected by the Johnson Controls board of directors to reimburse any incentive awards if: 

 &#149; The awards were based on that performance period's financial results and became the subject of a material restatement, other than a
restatement due to changes in accounting policy (including performance share units); 
 &#149; The Johnson Controls Compensation Committee believes the elected officer engaged in conduct that caused, or even partially caused, the
need for the restatement; and 
 &#149; A lower payment could have been made to the elected executive officer based upon the restated financial results. 

 If
there is a material restatement of financial statements, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee must also seek to recover any compensation from the Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, to the extent required under Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

 Johnson
Controls will continue to monitor developments under the Dodd-Frank Act, including with respect to mandatory recoupment of incentive compensation. 

Going Forward 

 After the separation, the Adient Compensation Committee will adopt and develop practices and procedures with respect to compensation
decisions relating to clawbacks within the framework of the compensation plans adopted by us and applicable law. It is currently expected that these compensation plans will initially be substantially
similar to Johnson Controls' compensation plans. 

Tax and Accounting Rules and Regulations 

Historically 

 When determining total direct compensation packages, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee considers all factors that may have an
impact on financial performance, including tax and accounting rules and regulations under Section 162(m) of the Code. The Code limits us from deducting compensation in excess of
$1 million awarded to the principal executive officer or to the other three highest-paid executive officers. One exception to the Code is if compensation meets the requirements to qualify as
performance-based compensation. 

 Johnson
Controls' compensation philosophy strongly emphasizes performance-based compensation for executive officers, thus minimizing the consequences of the Section 162(m)
limitation. However, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee retains full discretion to award compensation packages that will best attract, retain, and reward successful executive officers.
Therefore, the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee may award compensation that is not fully deductible under Section 162(m) if the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee believes it will
contribute to the achievement of Johnson Controls' business objectives. 

Going Forward 

 After the separation, the Adient Compensation Committee will adopt and develop practices and procedures with respect to compensation
decisions relating to deductibility of compensation within the framework of the compensation plans adopted by us. It is currently expected that these compensation plans will initially be substantially
similar to Johnson Controls' compensation plans. 

 146 

 Table of Contents 

 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Historical Compensation of Executive Officers Prior to the Separation 

 Messrs. McDonald and Foster and Ms. Ebacher were employed by Johnson Controls during fiscal year 2015; therefore, the
information provided below reflects compensation earned by them at Johnson Controls and the design and objectives of the Johnson Controls compensation programs in place prior to the separation.
Mr. McDonald is currently, and was as of September 30, 2015, an executive officer of Johnson Controls. Accordingly, the compensation decisions
regarding this named executive officer were made by the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee. Mr. Foster and Ms. Ebacher were not executive officers of Johnson Controls during fiscal
year 2015, and thus the historical decisions for these individuals were established by Johnson Controls through its processes for non-executive employee compensation. Messrs. Marchuk and
Stafeil were not employed by Johnson Controls during fiscal year 2015. Executive compensation decisions following the separation will be made by the Adient Compensation Committee. All references in
the following tables to stock options, restricted stock, and performance units relate to awards granted by Johnson Controls in respect of shares of Johnson Controls common stock. 

 The
amounts and forms of compensation reported below are not necessarily indicative of the compensation that Adient executive officers will receive following the separation, which could
be higher or lower, because historical compensation was determined by the Johnson Controls Compensation Committee based on Johnson Controls' performance and because future compensation levels at
Adient will be determined based on the compensation policies, programs, and procedures to be established by the Adient Compensation Committee for those individuals who will be employed by Adient
following the separation. 

Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Years 2015, 2014 and 2013 

 The following table summarizes the compensation earned from Johnson Controls in the fiscal years noted by our named executive officers. 

 Name and 
Principal Position

 Year 
 
 Salary 
($) 
 
 Stock 
Awards(1)(2) 
($) 
 
 Option 
Awards(2) 
($) 
 
 Non-Equity 
Incentive Plan 
Compensation(1)(3) 
($) 
 
 Change in 
Pension Value 
and 
Nonqualified 
Deferred 
Compensation 
Earnings(4) 
($) 
 
 All Other 
Compensation(5) 
($) 
 
 Total 
($) 

 R. Bruce McDonald 

 2015 

 1,000,000 

 3,749,971 

 1,247,578 

 2,714,400 

 1,179,536 

 300,185 

 10,191,670 

 Chief Executive 

 2014 

 881,000 

 2,173,942 

 724,989 

 2,972,000 

 750,796 

 190,701 

 7,693,428 

 Officer, Adient 

 2013 

 855,000 

 4,739,119 

 641,784 

 2,592,000 

 &#151; 

 113,783 

 8,941,686 

 Byron S. Foster 

 2015 

 520,008 

 199,966 

 199,614 

 911,938 

 286,867 

 27,127 

 2,145,520 

 Executive Vice President, 

 Adient 

 Cathleen A. Ebacher 

 2015 

 327,600 

 149,987 

 &#151; 

 445,063 

 &#151; 

 44,473 

 967,123 

 Vice President, General 

 Counsel and Secretary, 

 Adient 

 (1) We
have not reduced amounts that we show to reflect a named executive officer's election, if any, to defer the receipt of compensation into qualified and
nonqualified deferral plans.
 (2) Amounts
reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted stock awards and performance-based share unit awards (in the "Stock Awards" column) and
option awards (in the "Option Awards" column), in each case computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. In the case of performance-based share units, the amounts shown in the Stock Awards column
are based on the probable outcome of performance conditions, consistent with the estimate of aggregate compensation cost to be recognized over the service period determined as of the grant date under
FASB ASC Topic 718, excluding the effect of estimated forfeitures, as follows: Mr. McDonald&#151;$2,499,997. The values of the performance-based share unit awards at the grant date if
the highest level of performance conditions were to be achieved would be as follows: Mr. McDonald&#151;$4,999,994. The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant
using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Note 12 to Adient's audited combined financial 
 
 147 

 Table of Contents 

 statements
for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, which appear in the "Index to Financial Statements" section of this information statement, includes assumptions similar to those used in
the calculation of these amounts. 

 (3) With
regards to Mr. McDonald, amounts reflect the cash awards that we discuss in further detail under the heading "Compensation Discussion and
Analysis&#151;Annual Incentive Performance Program." With regards to Mr. Foster and Ms. Ebacher, amounts reflect the cash awards that we discuss in further detail under the
headings "Compensation Discussion and Analysis&#151;Annual Incentive Performance Program" and "Compensation Discussion and Analysis&#151;Long-Term Incentive Performance
Program&#151;Fiscal Year 2015 Goals and Payout Factor."
 (4) Amounts
reflect the actuarial increase in the present value of the named executive officer's benefits under all defined benefit pension plans, determined as
of the measurement dates used for financial statement reporting purposes for fiscal year 2015 and using interest rate and mortality rate assumptions consistent with those used in Johnson Controls'
financial statements. The amounts include benefits that the named executive officer may not currently be entitled to receive because the executive is not vested in such benefits. The value that an
executive will actually receive under these benefits will differ to the extent facts and circumstances vary from what these calculations assume. Changes in the present value of the named executive
officer's benefits are the result of the assumptions applied (and discussed in footnote 1 to the pension table) and the value of executive compensation received over the previous five-year period. No
named executive officer received preferential or above market earnings on nonqualified deferred compensation.
 (5) Amounts
reflect reimbursements with respect to financial planning, personal use of a vehicle, relocation expenses, executive physicals, executive security,
personal use of aircraft and club dues. (We discuss these benefits further under the heading "Compensation Discussion and Analysis&#151;Other Benefits&#151;Historically" above.) Amounts
for fiscal year 2015 also reflect matching contributions under qualified and nonqualified retirement plans, as follows: Mr. McDonald&#151;$148,647. The amount shown for
Mr. McDonald includes $20,000 for financial planning and $97,468 for club memberships. 

Grants of Plan Based Awards During Fiscal Year 2015 

 The following table contains information concerning the plan-based equity and non-equity awards that were granted to named executive
officers in fiscal year 2015. 

 Estimated Future Payouts under 
Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards 
 
 Estimated Future Payouts under 
Equity Incentive Plan Awards 
 
 All Other 
Stock 
Awards: 
Number 
of Shares 
of Stock(3) 
(#) 
 
 All Other 
Option 
Awards: 
Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Options(4) 
 
 Exercise 
or Base 
Price of 
Option 
Awards(5) 
($/Sh.) 
 
 Grant Date 
Fair Value 
of Stock 
and 
Option 
Awards(6) 
($) 

 Name

 Grant 
Date 
 
 Threshold(1) 
($) 
 
 Target(1) 
($) 
 
 Maximum(1) 
($) 
 
 Threshold(2) 
($) 
 
 Target(2) 
($) 
 
 Maximum(2) 
($) 

 R. Bruce McDonald 

 11/18/2014 

 80,437 

 50.23 

 1,247,578 

 11/18/2014 

 24,885 

 1,249,974 

 (7) 

 600,000 

 1,500,000 

 3,000,000 

 11/18/2014 

 24,885 

 49,771 

 99,542 

 2,499,997 

 Byron S. Foster 

 11/18/2014 

 12,870 

 50.23 

 199,614 

 11/18/2014 

 3,981 

 199,966 

 (7) 

 152,752 

 305,505 

 611,006 

 (8) 

 117,002 

 234,004 

 468,004 

 Cathleen A. Ebacher 

 11/18/2014 

 2,986 

 149,987 

 (7) 

 65,520 

 131,040 

 262,080 

 (8) 

 40,950 

 81,900 

 162,082 

 (1) These
columns show the range of potential payouts for annual incentive performance awards that we describe in the section titled "Compensation Discussion
and Analysis&#151;Annual Incentive Performance Program (AIPP)&#151;Historically." The annual incentive awards for fiscal year 2015 were granted at the beginning of fiscal year 2015 as
described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis. The threshold amount assumes zero payout from the discretionary portion of the award, while both target and maximum amounts assume full payout
from the discretionary portion of the award.
 (2) These
columns show the range of potential payouts for the performance-based share units that we describe in the section titled "Compensation Discussion and
Analysis&#151;Performance Share Units&#151;Long-Term Incentive Performance Program (LTIPP)&#151;Historically." The number of performance-based share units that are earned, if any,
will be based on performance for fiscal years 2015 to 2017 and will be determined after the close of fiscal year 2017.
 (3) The
amounts shown in this column reflect the number of shares of restricted stock granted to each named executive officer pursuant to the Johnson Controls
2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The grant vests 100% on the third anniversary of the grant, contingent on the executive's continued employment.
 (4) The
amounts shown in this column reflect the number of stock options granted to each named executive officer pursuant to the Johnson Controls 2012 Omnibus
Incentive Plan. The stock options vest 50% on the second anniversary of the grant date and 50% on the third anniversary of the grant date, contingent on the executive's continued employment, and
expire, at the latest, on the tenth anniversary of the grant date.
 (5) Fiscal
year 2015 stock option grants were awarded to the named executive officers with an exercise price per share equal to the closing stock price of
Johnson Controls common stock on the date of grant. 
 
 148 

 Table of Contents 

 (6) Amounts
reflect the grant date fair value determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Note 12 to Adient's audited combined financial statements
for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, which appear in the "Index to Financial Statements" section of this information statement, includes assumptions similar to those used in the
calculation of these amounts.
 (7) The
award reflected in this row is an annual incentive performance award that Johnson Controls granted for the performance period of fiscal year 2015, the
material terms of which are described in the section titled "Compensation Discussion and Analysis&#151;Annual Incentive Performance Program (AIPP)&#151;Historically."
 (8) With
regards to Mr. Foster and Ms. Ebacher, the award reflected in this row is a long-term incentive cash-based performance award that we
granted for the performance period of fiscal years 2013-2015, the material terms of which we describe in the section titled "Compensation Discussion and Analysis&#151;Long-Term Incentive
Performance Program&#151;Fiscal Year 2015 Goals and Payout Factor." 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year 2015 Year-End 

 The following table contains information concerning equity awards held by named executive officers that were outstanding as of
September 30, 2015. 

 Name

 Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options 
(#) exercisable 
 
 Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options(1) 
(#) 
unexercisable 
 
 Option 
Exercise 
Price 
($) 
 
 Option 
Expiration 
Date 
 
 Number of 
Shares of 
Stock That 
Have Not 
Vested(2) 
(#) 
 
 Market 
Value of 
Shares of 
Stock That 
Have Not 
Vested(3) 
($) 
 
 Equity 
Incentive 
Plan Awards: 
Number of 
Unearned 
Shares, Units 
or Other 
Rights That 
Have Not 
Vested(4) 
(#) 
 
 Equity 
Incentive 
Plan Awards: 
Market or 
Payout 
Value of 
Unearned 
Shares, Units 
or Other 
Rights That 
Have Not 
Vested(3) 
($) 

 R. Bruce McDonald 

 123,623 

 5,113,047 

 250,054 

 10,342,232 

 47,248 

 &#151; 

 40.21 

 10/1/2017 

 160,000 

 &#151; 

 28.79 

 10/1/2018 

 170,000 

 &#151; 

 24.87 

 10/1/2019 

 150,000 

 &#151; 

 30.54 

 10/1/2020 

 140,000 

 &#151; 

 28.54 

 10/7/2021 

 37,400 

 37,400 

 27.85 

 10/5/2022 

 &#151; 

 49,319 

 48.37 

 11/19/2023 

 &#151; 

 80,437 

 50.23 

 11/18/2024 

 Byron S. Foster 

 31,100 

 1,286,296 

 13,500 

 &#151; 

 40.21 

 10/1/2017 

 6,150 

 &#151; 

 30.54 

 10/1/2020 

 6,875 

 &#151; 

 28.54 

 10/7/2021 

 &#151; 

 10,750 

 27.85 

 10/5/2022 

 &#151; 

 10,204 

 48.37 

 11/19/2023 

 &#151; 

 12,870 

 50.23 

 11/18/2024 

 Cathleen A. Ebacher 

 5,466 

 226,074 

 3,600 

 &#151; 

 30.54 

 10/1/2020 

 10,000 

 &#151; 

 28.54 

 10/7/2021 

 6,450 

 6,450 

 27.85 

 10/5/2022 

 (1) Johnson
Controls granted options listed in this column ten years prior to their respective expiration dates. The options vest 50% on the second anniversary
date of the grant date and 50% on the third anniversary of the grant date, contingent on continuous employment.
 (2) Restricted
stock and restricted stock unit vesting dates are as follows: Mr. McDonald&#151;11,250 shares vested on October 7, 2015;
12,500 shares will vest on October 5, 2016, 14,988 shares will vest on November 19, 2016; 24,885 shares will vest on November 18, 2017; and 60,000 shares will vest on
September 24, 2018; Mr. Foster&#151;1,300 shares vested on October 7, 2015; 1,450 shares will vest on October 5, 2016; 3,101 shares will vest on November 19,
2016; 21,268 shares will vest on July 24, 2017; and 3,981 shares will vest on November 18, 2017; and Ms. Ebacher&#151;2,480 shares will vest on November 19, 2016;
and 2,986 shares will vest on November 18, 2017.
 (3) We
calculated the market value of shares of stock that have not vested and performance-based share units that have not been earned based on the
September 30, 2015 closing market price for a share of Johnson Controls common stock, which was $41.36. Performance for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 was above target; therefore, the maximum
amounts are shown. 
 
 149 

 Table of Contents 

 (4) The
performance-based share units will be earned or forfeited based on performance for fiscal years 2014 through 2017. Performance for fiscal years 2014 and
2015 was above target; therefore, the maximum amounts are shown. 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested During Fiscal Year 2015 

 The following table provides information about stock options that named executive officers exercised and restricted stock that vested
in fiscal year 2015. 

 Option Awards 
 
 Stock Awards 

 Name

 Number of 
Shares Acquired 
on Exercise 
(#) 
 
 Value Realized 
on Exercise 
($) 
 
 Number of 
Shares Acquired 
on Vesting 
(#) 
 
 Value Realized 
on Vesting(1) 
($) 

 R. Bruce McDonald 

 489,752 

 13,335,074 

 24,500 

 1,197,945 

 Byron S. Foster 

 10,750 

 250,527 

 2,950 

 144,496 

 Cathleen A. Ebacher 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (1) Amounts
represent the product of the number of shares an officer acquired on vesting and the closing market price of the shares on the vesting date, plus
the value of dividend equivalents released. 

Pension Benefits as of September 30, 2015 

 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the potential benefits to named executive officers under Johnson
Controls' qualified pension plan and the pension component of Johnson Controls' retirement restoration plan as of September 30, 2015. 

 Name

 Plan Name 
 
 Number of Years 
Credited Service 
(#) 
 
 Present Value of 
Accumulated 
Benefit(1) 
($) 
 
 Payments During 
Last Fiscal Year 
($) 

 R. Bruce McDonald 
 
 Johnson Controls Pension Plan 

 13.17 

 465,937 

 &#151; 

 Retirement Restoration Plan 

 13.17 

 4,301,112 

 &#151; 

 Byron S. Foster 
 
 Johnson Controls Pension Plan 

 17.42 

 421,634 

 &#151; 

 Retirement Restoration Plan 

 17.42 

 738,344 

 &#151; 

 (1) We
calculated the amounts reflected in this column for Mr. McDonald using the following assumptions: A calculation date of September 30, 2015,
a 4.42% discount rate for the qualified plan, and a 4.50% discount rate for the nonqualified plan, retirement occurring at normal retirement age based on Social Security Normal Retirement Age minus
three years, and applicability of the 2009 Static Mortality Table for Annuitants per Treasury Regulation 1.430(h)(3)-1(e), that was used for financial reporting purposes as of
September 30, 2015. The value that an executive will actually receive under these benefits will differ to the extent facts and circumstances vary from what these calculations assume. 
 
 Johnson Controls Pension Plan. The Johnson Controls Pension Plan is a frozen defined benefit pension plan that provides benefits for
most of
non-union U.S. employees, including Mr. McDonald and Mr. Foster, who were hired prior to January 1, 2006. 

 Subject
to certain limitations that the Code imposes, the monthly retirement benefit payable under the Pension Plan to participants, at normal retirement age in a single life annuity, is
determined as follows: 

 &#149; 1.15% of final average monthly compensation times years of benefit service, plus 
 
 150 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 0.55% of final average monthly compensation in excess of Social Security covered compensation times years of benefit service (up to
30 years). 

 Service
after December 31, 2014 does not count as benefit service in this formula. For purposes of this formula, "final average monthly compensation" means a participant's gross
compensation, excluding certain unusual or non-recurring items of compensation, such as severance or moving expenses, for the highest five consecutive years of the last ten consecutive years of
employment occurring prior to
January 1, 2015. "Social Security covered compensation" means the average of the Social Security wage base for the 35 years preceding a participant's normal retirement age. Normal
retirement age for Johnson Controls participants is age 65. 

 Participants
in the Pension Plan generally become vested in their pension benefits upon completion of five years of service. The Pension Plan does not pay full pension benefits until
after a participant terminates employment and reaches normal retirement age. However, a participant who terminates employment may elect to receive benefits at a reduced level at any time after age 55,
as follows: If a participant terminates employment prior to age 55 then the reduction is 5% of each year that benefits begin before the participant's Social Security retirement age, if a participant
terminates employment on or after age 55 and after competing ten years of service, then the reduction is 5% for each year that benefits begin before the three years preceding the participant's
Social Security retirement age. Mr. McDonald is currently eligible for early retirement under the Pension Plan. 

 Retirement Restoration Plan. The Retirement Restoration Plan is an unfunded, nonqualified plan that provides retirement benefits above
the payments
that an employee will receive from the Pension Plan in those cases in which the Code's qualified plan limits restrict the employee's benefits. The Retirement Restoration Plan provides a benefit equal
to the difference between the actual pension benefit payable under the Pension Plan and what such pension benefit would have been without regard to any Code limitation on either the amount of benefits
or the amount of compensation that the benefit formula can take into account. 

 A
participant is vested in his or her Retirement Restoration Plan benefits only if vested in his or her benefits under the Pension Plan. Benefits under the Retirement Restoration Plan
are payable as an annuity at the later of the participant's termination of employment or attainment of age 55. 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation During Fiscal Year 2015 

 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to participation in the Johnson Controls' nonqualified Executive
Deferred Compensation Plan by named executive officers during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015. 

 Name

 Executive 
Contributions 
in Last FY(1) 
($) 
 
 Registrant 
Contributions 
in Last FY(2) 
($) 
 
 Aggregate 
Earnings in 
Last FY(3) 
($) 
 
 Aggregate 
Withdrawals/ 
Distributions 
($) 
 
 Aggregate 
Balance at 
Last FYE(4) 
($) 

 R. Bruce McDonald 

 1,301,702 

 148,647 

 32,412 

 &#151; 

 20,217,526 

 Byron S. Foster 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Cathleen A. Ebacher 

 &#151; 

 10,522 

 (982 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 21,944 

 (1) Certain
amounts that appear in the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation table also appear in the Summary Compensation Table as compensation that a named
executive officer earned in fiscal year 2015. Mr. McDonald's Executive Contributions include $44,262 that is also reported in the Salary column in the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal year
2015. Additionally, Mr. McDonald's Executive Contributions include $109,440 that is reported in the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column in the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal
year 2015. 
 
 151 

 Table of Contents 

 Mr. McDonald's
Registrant Contributions include $148,647 that is also reported in the All Other Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table. 

 (2) Amounts
shown include the company matching contributions that Johnson Controls makes under its Retirement Restoration Plan because the Code limits such
contributions under the Johnson Controls' 401(k) plan.
 (3) The
Aggregate Earnings are not "above-market or preferential earnings" and therefore we do not need to report them in the Summary Compensation Table. The
Aggregate Earnings represent all investment earnings, net of fees, on amounts that a named executive officer has deferred. Investment earnings include amounts relating to appreciation in the price of
Johnson Controls common stock, and negative amounts relating to depreciation in the price of Johnson Controls common stock, because the deferred amounts include deferred stock units, the value of
which is tied to the value of Johnson Controls common stock. Aggregate Earnings also include dividends paid on restricted stock that has not yet vested, which were credited to a named executive
officer's deferred compensation account subject to vesting.
 (4) Amounts
included in this column that have been reported in the Salary and Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation columns in Summary Compensation Table since
fiscal year 2007 for each named executive officer are: Mr. McDonald&#151;$3,881,996. 
 
 Johnson
Controls maintains the following two nonqualified deferred compensation plans under which executives, including named executive officers, may elect to defer their compensation. 

 &#149; The Executive Deferred Compensation Plan allows participants to defer up to 100% of their annual and long-term performance share units
and restricted stock awards. 
 &#149; The Retirement Restoration Plan allows executive officers to defer up to 6% of their compensation that is not eligible to be deferred
into the Johnson Controls 401(k) plan because of qualified plan limits that the Code imposes. The Retirement Restoration Plan also credits participants with a matching contribution equal to the
difference between the amount of matching contribution made under the 401(k) plan and what such matching contribution would have been without regard to any limitation that the Code imposes on either
the amount of matching contribution or the amount of compensation that can be considered, and determined as if the amount the participant deferred under the Retirement Restoration Plan had been
deferred into the 401(k) plan. The Retirement Restoration Plan also credits participants with an amount equal to the difference between the amount of retirement contribution made under the 401(k) plan
and what such retirement contribution would have been without regard to the Code limits. 

 Under
both plans, a participant may elect to have his or her cash deferrals credited to a common stock unit account or one or more investment accounts that are the same as those
available under the Johnson Controls 401(k) plan, which serve to measure the earnings that are credited on the participant's deferrals. Restricted stock deferrals under the Executive Deferred
Compensation Plan are automatically credited to the common stock unit account until vested, after which the participant may reallocate deferrals to another investment account. Amounts allocated to the
common stock unit account are credited with dividend equivalents, which are treated as if reinvested in additional common stock units. 

 Under
both plans, deferred amounts are paid upon a participant's termination of employment in a lump sum or up to ten-year annual installments, as the participant elects. 

 Dividends
paid on restricted stock awards prior to fiscal year 2014 that a participant has elected not to defer are also accumulated within the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan,
deemed reinvested in common stock units, and paid to a participant in a lump sum when the related shares of restricted stock vest. 

 152 

 Table of Contents 

Potential Payments and Benefits upon Termination or a Change of Control 

 The following is a discussion of the nature and estimated value of payments and benefits that each of the named executive officers
would receive in the event of termination of the executive's employment or upon a change of control. The estimated value of the payments and benefits is based on an assumption that the termination of
employment or the change of control, or both, as applicable, occurred on September 30, 2015, the last business day of fiscal year 2015. We can only determine the actual amounts of payments and
benefits that an executive officer would receive upon his termination or upon a change of control at the actual time of such event. 

Employment Agreements 

 Johnson Controls has entered into an employment agreement with Mr. McDonald. Mr. Foster and Ms. Ebacher do not
have employment agreements. 

 The
employment agreement contains substantially similar terms except for individual salary amounts and benefits. In addition to setting forth the terms and conditions of
Mr. McDonald's employment and the amounts payable upon the executive's termination of employment, the employment agreement contains terms that protect the company from certain business risks,
including: 

 &#149; an agreement by the executive officer to perform his/her assigned duties by devoting full time, due care, loyalty and best efforts to
the duties and complying with all applicable laws and the requirements of Johnson Controls' policies and procedures on employee conduct; 
 &#149; a prohibition on the executive officer's competition with Johnson Controls, both during employment and for a period of one year after
employment; 
 &#149; a prohibition on the executive officer's ownership of a 5% or greater interest in any competitors; 
 &#149; a prohibition on the executive officer's ability to share confidential information and trade secrets, both during employment and for
two years after employment; and 
 &#149; a requirement that disputes related to the employment agreement be settled through arbitration instead of potentially costly
litigation. 

Summary of the Payments and Benefits upon Each Termination Scenario 

 The following summarizes the types of payments and benefits to which Mr. McDonald would have been entitled if he had terminated
employment on September 30, 2015, under various scenarios. These payments and benefits are generally based on the terms of the employment agreements and the relevant compensation and benefit
plans, such as the Omnibus Incentive Plan, Retirement Restoration Plan, Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, Executive Survivor Benefits Plan, and the severance plan for U.S. salaried employees. 

 For
each termination scenario, we have not separately quantified any amounts that Mr. McDonald would receive under plans generally available to all management employees that do
not discriminate in favor of the named executive officers. These include distributions under the pension plan and 401(k) plan, disability benefits, vesting of stock option and restricted stock awards
under equity plans, any salary or bonus awards due to the employee through the date of termination, prorated bonus awards relating to outstanding bonus awards, and accrued vacation. 

 Voluntary Termination. Mr. McDonald may terminate his employment with Johnson Controls at any time. In general, upon the
executive's voluntary
termination: 

 &#149; Johnson Controls is not obligated to provide any severance pay; 
 
 153 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; all of the executive's annual and long-term bonus awards outstanding under the Johnson Controls Omnibus Incentive Plan for which the
performance period has not ended will terminate (although the executive will receive a payment of the amounts he earned under his annual and long-term bonus awards for which the performance period has
ended on or prior to his date of termination); 
 &#149; the executive will forfeit all unvested stock options; 
 &#149; the executive will forfeit all unvested restricted stock and restricted stock units and all unearned performance-based share units;
and 
 &#149; all benefits and perquisites will cease. 

 The
executive will be entitled to a distribution of his vested benefits under the Retirement Restoration Plan and the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. 

 Retirement and Early Retirement. None of the named executive officers were eligible for full retirement as of September 30, 2015,
although
Mr. McDonald was eligible for early retirement (defined as reaching age 55 and having 10 or more years of service). For an estimate of the value of the pension benefit for a named executive
officer upon retirement, please see "&#151;Pension Benefits as of September 30, 2015." In addition to such pension benefit, upon the executive's full or early
retirement: 

 &#149; Johnson Controls is not obligated to pay any severance; 
 &#149; the executive will receive, at the end of the applicable performance period for each of his annual and long-term bonus awards
outstanding under the Omnibus Incentive Plan, a pro rata portion of the award amount he would have earned had he remained employed through the end of each such performance period, based on the
company's actual performance; 
 &#149; with respect to stock options, the vesting of any unvested stock options that were granted to the executive under the Johnson Controls
Omnibus Incentive Plan that have been outstanding for at least one full calendar year after the year of grant will accelerate so that all of the options are exercisable in full (and the executive will
forfeit all other options that have not been outstanding for at least one full calendar year after the date of grant); 
 &#149; the executive will retain his shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units that had not vested at the time of retirement, and
they will continue to vest on the normal vesting schedule (however, the award agreement provides that the executive will not earn the award if he engages in conduct harmful to the best interests of
the company after his retirement); 
 &#149; the executive will earn performance-based share units that he held at retirement based on actual performance at the end of the
performance period, but the amount will be prorated based on the number of days of employment during the performance period (in the case of known retirements, the proration of shares occurs at grant
based on the number of days of employment during the performance period); 
 &#149; if the executive is age 65 or older, his accounts under the Retirement Restoration Plan will vest in full; and 
 &#149; all benefits and perquisites Johnson Controls provides will cease. 

 The
executive also will be entitled to a distribution of any vested benefits under the Retirement Restoration Plan and the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. 

 Termination for "Cause." Johnson Controls may terminate Mr. McDonald's employment for "cause" under the terms of the employment
agreements. A
termination for "cause" generally means a termination for theft, dishonesty, fraudulent misconduct, violation of certain provisions of the employment agreement, gross dereliction of duty, grave
misconduct injurious to Johnson Controls, and 

 154 

 Table of Contents 

 serious
violation of the law or company policies on employee conduct. Mr. McDonald will not receive any special payments or benefits if his employment is terminated for "cause." On the
executive's termination date, all of his outstanding stock options will immediately terminate, and Johnson Controls will cancel any pending option exercises. In addition, the executive will forfeit
all unvested shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units and all unearned performance-based share units. The executive will be entitled to a distribution of his vested benefits under the
Retirement Restoration Plan and the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. 

 Termination without "Cause." If Johnson Controls terminates Mr. McDonald's employment and the termination is not for "cause,"
then: 

 &#149; the executive officer will receive a cash severance benefit in an amount equal to the greater of one year of the executive's base
salary as of the termination date or twice the amount payable under the severance plan for U.S. salaried employees (the severance benefit under the salaried severance plan depends upon the employee's
years of service with Johnson Controls, with severance starting at two weeks of base salary for an employee who has only one year of service and increasing to a maximum of 52 weeks of base
salary for an employee who has 30 or more years of service); 
 &#149; all of the executive's annual and long-term bonus awards outstanding under the Johnson Controls Omnibus Incentive Plan for which the
performance period has not ended will terminate (although the executive will receive a payment of the amounts he earned under his annual and long-term bonus awards for which the performance period has
ended on or prior to his date of termination); 
 &#149; the executive will forfeit all unvested stock options; 
 &#149; the executive will forfeit all unvested restricted stock or restricted stock units and all unearned performance-based share units; and 
 &#149; all benefits and perquisites Johnson Controls provides will cease. 

 The
executive also will be entitled to a distribution of any vested benefits under the Retirement Restoration Plan and the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. 

 The
following is an estimate of the severance that each named executive officer would receive assuming the termination without "cause" occurred on September 30, 2015: 

 R. Bruce McDonald 

 Severance 

$ 
 1,000,000 

 Termination Due to Disability. If a total and permanent disability causes a named executive officer's termination,
then: 

 &#149; Johnson Controls is not obligated to pay severance. Rather, the executive may be entitled to disability pay under the short- and
long-term disability plans for U.S. salaried employees; 
 &#149; the executive will receive, at the end of the applicable performance period for each of his annual and long-term bonus awards
outstanding under the Omnibus Incentive Plan, a pro rata portion of the award amount he would have earned had he remained employed through the end of each such performance period, based on the
company's actual performance; 
 &#149; the vesting of the executive's stock options will accelerate so that all of the options are exercisable in full; 
 &#149; all of the executive's unvested shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units will vest; 
 
 155 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; the executive will earn performance-based share units he held at the time of termination due to disability based on actual performance
at the end of the performance period, but the amount will be prorated based on the number of days of employment during the performance period; 
 &#149; the executive will immediately vest in his accounts under the Retirement Restoration Plan; 
 &#149; if the executive is younger than age 65, then the executive will continue to be covered under the Executive Survivor Benefits Plan,
the benefits of which we describe below; and 
 &#149; all benefits and perquisites Johnson Controls provides will cease. 

 In
the case of termination as a result of total and permanent disability, the executive also will be entitled to distribution of any vested benefits under the Retirement Restoration Plan
and the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. 

 The
following is an estimate of the Retirement Restoration Plan benefit that arises from vesting that accelerates due to disability that each named executive officer would receive
assuming the disability termination occurred on September 30, 2015: 

 R. Bruce McDonald 

 Retirement Restoration Plan 

$ 
 &#151; 

 Termination Due to Death. If a named executive officer dies while he or she is an employee, then: 

 &#149; The executive is eligible for benefits under Johnson Controls Executive Survivor Benefits Plan if the Johnson Controls board of
directors elected him or her as an officer prior to September 15, 2009. Under the terms of the plan that were in effect at September 30, 2015, the beneficiaries of a named executive
officer would receive a lump sum death benefit in an amount equal to three times the executive's final base salary if the executive dies prior to age 55, or two times the executive's base salary if
the executive dies on or after age 55, plus an additional "gross-up" amount. As of September 30, 2015, the applicable multiples for Mr. McDonald (the only named executive officer who was
eligible for benefits under the Johnson Controls Executive Survivor Benefits Plan) was two times. In addition, the beneficiaries of the executive officer would receive a continuation of the
executive's base salary for a period of six months after the executive officer's death. During fiscal year 2009, the Executive Survivor Benefits Plan was frozen to limit participation to current
elected officers. Officers elected after September 15, 2009, participate in regular group life insurance coverage. 
 &#149; The executive's beneficiaries will receive, at the end of the applicable performance period for each of the executive's annual and
long-term bonus awards outstanding under the Omnibus Incentive Plan, a pro rata portion of the award amount the executive would have earned had he remained employed through the end of each such
performance period, based on the company's actual performance. 
 &#149; The vesting of the executive's stock options will accelerate such that the options become immediately exercisable to the extent they
would have vested during the one-year period after the date of death. 
 &#149; All of the executive's unvested shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units will vest. 
 &#149; The executive will earn performance-based share units that he held at prior to death based on actual performance at the end of the
performance period, but will be prorated based on the number of days of employment during the performance period. 
 &#149; All benefits and perquisites Johnson Controls provides will cease. 
 
 156 

 Table of Contents 

 In
the case of termination as a result of death, the executive or the executive's beneficiaries also will be entitled to a distribution of the executive's vested benefits under the
Retirement Restoration Plan and the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. 

 The
following is an estimate of the Executive Survivor Benefits Plan value that each applicable named executive officer would receive assuming the death occurred on September 30,
2015: 

 R. Bruce McDonald 

 Executive Survivor Benefits Plan(1) 

$ 
 4,291,000 

 (1) In
determining the amount of the gross-up to include in the table above, we made the following material assumptions: a tax rate of 47.25% for Wisconsin
residents. During fiscal year 2009, the Committee froze this plan to limit participation to current elected officers. No new participants are allowed. 

Change of Control Agreements 

 Johnson Controls has entered into a change of control agreement with Mr. McDonald. Upon a change of control, the change of
control agreement supersedes the employment agreement. The change of control agreement generally entitles Mr. McDonald to continued employment with the company or its successor for two years
following the change of control, with a base salary, bonus, and other benefits at least equal to the base salary, bonus, and benefits paid or provided prior to the change of control. The change of
control agreement requires the executive officer to comply with confidential information covenant provisions during employment and for two years following termination of employment. The change of
control agreements also provide for a severance payment and continued welfare and medical benefits upon termination of the executive's employment under certain circumstances during the two-year
employment period that begins on the date of the change of control, as explained in more detail under "&#151;Termination Upon or Following a Change of Control" below. The agreement defines a
change of control as: 

 &#149; the acquisition by a person or group of 35% or more of Johnson Controls' outstanding common stock; 
 &#149; a change in a majority of the Johnson Controls board of directors without the endorsement of the new board members by the existing
board members; 
 &#149; a reorganization, merger, share exchange, or other corporate reorganization or a sale of all or substantially all of Johnson Controls'
assets, except if it would result in continuity of Johnson Controls' shareholders of at least 50%, if no person owns 35% or more of the outstanding shares of the entity resulting from the transaction,
and if at least a majority of the Johnson Controls board of directors remains; or 
 &#149; approval by Johnson Controls' shareholders of a liquidation or dissolution. 

 Mr. Foster
and Ms. Ebacher are not parties to a change of control employment agreement with Johnson Controls. 

Summary of the Payments and Benefits Upon a Change of Control 

 The following summarizes the types of payments and benefits to which Mr. McDonald would have been entitled if a change of
control of Johnson Controls had occurred or if both a change of control and a termination of employment had occurred, on September 30, 2015. These payments and benefits are generally based on
the terms of Johnson Controls' change of control agreement and relevant compensation and benefit plans, such as the Omnibus Incentive Plan, Retirement Restoration Plan, and 

 157 

 Table of Contents 

 nonqualified
Executive Deferred Compensation Plan that were in place on September 30, 2015. The separation and distribution will not constitute a change of control. 

 For
each change of control scenario, we have not separately quantified any amounts that Mr. McDonald would receive under plans generally available to all management employees that
do not discriminate in favor of the named executive officers (such as vesting of stock option and restricted stock awards under equity plans and payments of prorated bonus awards relating to
outstanding bonus awards). 

 Change of Control. In the event of a change of control, which each relevant compensation and bonus plan generally defines in the same
manner as under
the change of control employment agreement we discuss above, on September 30, 2015, the following would have occurred as of the time of the change of control whether or not
Mr. McDonald's employment terminated: all amounts that the executive officer accrued under the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan and Retirement Restoration Plan would have vested immediately
and Johnson Controls would have paid these amounts in full in a lump sum. 

 Under
the Omnibus Incentive Plan, a "double trigger" is required for accelerated vesting of equity awards in a change of control in which the awards are assumed or replaced, meaning
that, in addition to the change of control occurring, the employee's employment must be terminated by the company without cause or by the employee with good reason (if the employee has an agreement
providing for good reason termination) for his or her unvested equity to become vested on an accelerated basis. 

 Termination Upon or Following a Change of Control. As discussed above, Johnson Controls has a change of control agreement with
Mr. McDonald.
This agreement provides for a two-year employment period that begins on the date of the change of control. Under the agreement, 

 &#149; if Johnson Controls terminates the executive officer's employment (or its successor terminates the executive officer's employment)
other than for cause; 
 &#149; if the executive officer terminates his employment for good reason; or 
 &#149; if the executive officer's employment ceases as a result of the executive officer's death or disability; 

 in
each case, within the two-year period, then the executive officer or the executive officer's beneficiary will receive: 

 &#149; a lump sum severance payment equal to three times the executive officer's annual cash compensation, which includes the executive
officer's annual base salary and the greater of: 

 &#149; the average of the executive officer's annualized annual and long-term cash bonuses for the three fiscal years preceding
the change of control, or 
 &#149; the sum of the annual and long-term cash bonuses for the most recently completed fiscal year; 
 
 &#149; payment of a pro rata portion of the greater of the following: 

 &#149; the average of the executive officer's annualized annual and long-term cash bonuses for the three fiscal years preceding
the change of control, or 
 &#149; the sum of the annual and long-term cash bonuses for the most recently completed fiscal year; 

 however,
if (and only if) the executive officer's termination occurs on the change of control date, then Johnson Controls will reduce this amount by the amount paid under the Omnibus Incentive Plan as
a result of the change of control; 

 158 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; a cash payment equal to the lump sum value of the additional benefits the executive officer would have accrued for the remainder of
the employment period under the pension plan and the Retirement Restoration Plan, assuming the executive officer is fully vested in such benefits at the time of termination;
and 
 &#149; continued medical and welfare benefits for the remainder of the employment period. 

 For
Mr. McDonald, the merger will not constitute a change of control under the change of control agreement. 

 The
following is an estimate of the severance and continued medical and welfare benefit value that Mr. McDonald would receive assuming the change of control and termination
occurred on September 30, 2015: 

 R. Bruce McDonald 

 Severance(1) 

$ 
 21,178,000 

 Continued Medical & Welfare Benefits(2) 

$ 
 22,000 

 (1) The
amount reported reflects the amounts actually earned under the short- and long-term bonus awards for the performance period ending in fiscal year 2015.
 (2) The
amount reflects an estimate of the cost to the company of providing medical and welfare benefits for the employment period, including medical,
prescription, dental, disability and life, accidental death and travel and accident insurance. The amount also includes the lump sum value of the additional benefits the named executive officer would
have accrued during the employment period under the pension plan and the Retirement Restoration Plan. 
 
 If
the executive officer terminates his employment during the employment period for other than good reason, the executive officer will receive only a payment of a pro rata portion of the
greater of the average of the executive officer's annualized annual and long-term cash bonuses for the three fiscal years preceding the change of control, or the sum of the annual and long-term cash
bonuses for the most recently completed fiscal year. 

 If
Johnson Controls terminates Mr. McDonald's employment for cause, no additional pay or benefits are due. 

 Johnson
Controls would have "cause" to terminate Mr. McDonald's employment under the change of control agreement if the executive repeatedly and deliberately fails to perform the
duties of his position and does not correct such failure after notice, or if the executive officer is convicted of a felony involving moral misconduct. 

 The
executive officer would have "good reason" to terminate employment under the change of control agreement if: 

 &#149; the company assigns the executive officer duties inconsistent with his position or takes other actions to reduce the executive
officer's authority or responsibilities; 
 &#149; the company breaches any provision of the change of control agreement relating to salary, bonus, and benefits payable following the
change of control; 
 &#149; the company requires the executive officer to relocate; 
 &#149; the company terminates the executive officer's employment other than as the agreement permits; 
 &#149; the company fails to require the successor in the change of control transaction to expressly assume the agreement; or 
 
 159 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; the company requests that the executive perform an illegal or wrongful act in violation of Johnson Controls' code of conduct. 

Director Compensation 

 Following the separation, the compensation of Adient non-employee directors will be determined by Adient's board of directors with the
assistance of its Compensation Committee. It is anticipated that such compensation will consist of the following: 

 &#149; a cash retainer in an amount equal to $145,000 per year; and 
 &#149; an initial equity award of Adient ordinary shares with a grant date fair value of approximately $145,000. 

 In
addition, Adient anticipates that its Lead Director will receive an annual cash retainer of $30,000. Adient expects that each of the chairs of the Audit Committee, Compensation
Committee and Corporate Governance Committee will receive an additional cash retainer in the amount of $10,000. Adient will not provide directors who are also Adient employees any additional
compensation for serving as a director. 

 Adient
also expects to reimburse non-employee directors for any expenses relating to their service as directors. 

Adient 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

 On September 8, 2016, the Adient board of directors and Adient's sole shareholder approved and adopted the Adient plc
2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which we refer to as the "Adient Omnibus Plan," and which will become effective upon the consummation of the distribution.

 The
following is a brief description of the principal features of the Adient Omnibus Plan. This summary is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Adient Omnibus
Plan, the form of which is attached as Exhibit 10.9 to the registration statement of which this information statement is a part. 

Purpose 

 The Adient Omnibus Plan has two complementary purposes: (a) to attract and retain outstanding individuals to serve as officers
and employees and (b) to increase shareholder value. The Adient Omnibus Plan will provide participants incentives to increase shareholder value by offering the opportunity to acquire shares of
Adient, or receive monetary payments, on the potentially favorable terms that the Adient Omnibus Plan provides. In addition, the Adient Omnibus Plan permits the issuance of awards, which we refer to
as "Replacement Awards," in partial substitution for awards relating to ordinary shares of Johnson Controls immediately prior to the separation and distribution. See "Certain Relationships and Related
Person Transactions&#151;Employee Matters Agreement&#151;Treatment of Equity Compensation" for more information about the treatment of outstanding Johnson Controls equity awards in
connection with the separation and distribution. 

Administration and Eligibility 

 The Adient Omnibus Plan will be administered by the Adient Compensation Committee (which we refer to as the "administrator" for
purposes of this section), which has the authority to, among other things, (a) interpret the provisions of the Adient Omnibus Plan and any award agreement; (b) prescribe, change, and
rescind rules and regulations relating to the Adient Omnibus Plan; (c) correct any defect, supply any omission, or reconcile any inconsistency in the Adient
Omnibus Plan, any award or agreement covering an award in the manner and to the extent it deems desirable to carry 

 160 

 Table of Contents 

 the
Adient Omnibus Plan or such award into effect; and (d) make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of this Plan. In addition, subject to any limitations
imposed by law, the Adient board of directors may delegate to another committee of the Adient board of directors or to one or more officers of Adient, or the administrator may delegate to one or more
officers of Adient, any or all of their respective authority and responsibility as an administrator of the Adient Omnibus Plan; however, no such delegation is permitted with respect to share-based
awards made to "officers" subject to the provisions of Section 16 of the Exchange Act or awards made to participants subject to Section 162(m) of the Code at the time any such delegated
authority or responsibility is exercised, unless the delegation is to another committee of the Adient board of directors consisting entirely of directors who are "non-employee directors" within the
meaning of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act and "outside directors" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code. 

 The
administrator may not increase the amount of compensation payable under an award that is intended to be performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code,
although the administrator may decrease the amount of compensation that a participant may earn under the award. 

 The
administrator (to the extent of its authority) may designate any of the following as a participant under the Adient Omnibus Plan: any officer or other employee of Adient or its
affiliates or any individual that Adient or one of its affiliates have engaged to become an officer or employee. Approximately [2,400] employees are expected to be eligible to
participate in the Adient Omnibus Plan. 

Shares Reserved under the Adient Omnibus Plan 

 The Adient Omnibus Plan provides that 6,000,000 Adient ordinary shares will be reserved for issuance under the plan (excluding the
aggregate number of Adient ordinary shares subject to the Replacement Awards). The Adient Omnibus Plan also provides that Adient may only issue an aggregate of 6,000,000 Adient ordinary shares upon
the exercise of incentive share options.

 In
general, if (a) an award granted under the Adient Omnibus Plan expires, is cancelled, or terminates without the issuance of shares under the award, (b) it is determined
during or at the conclusion of the term of an award that all or some portion of the shares under the award will not be issuable on the basis that the conditions for such issuance will not be
satisfied, (c) shares are forfeited under an award, or (d) shares are issued under any award and Adient reacquires them pursuant to rights Adient reserved upon the issuance of the
shares, then such shares will again be available for issuance under the Adient Omnibus Plan in the same number as they depleted the reserve, except that shares reacquired pursuant to reserved rights
may not be issued pursuant to incentive share options. Shares tendered or withheld in payment of the exercise price of an option, shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations, and shares
purchased by Adient using proceeds from option exercises may not be recredited to the reserve. 

Types of Awards 

 Awards under the Adient Omnibus Plan may consist of share options, share appreciation rights, performance shares, performance units,
restricted shares, restricted share units, deferred share rights, dividend equivalent units, other share-based awards, annual incentive awards, or long-term incentive awards. The administrator may
grant any type of award to any participant it selects, but only Adient and its subsidiaries' employees may receive grants of incentive share options. Awards may be granted alone or in addition to, in
tandem with, or (subject to the Adient Omnibus Plan's prohibition on repricing) in substitution for any other award (or any other award granted under another plan of Adient or its affiliates). 

 161 

 Table of Contents 

Options 

 The administrator has the authority to grant share options and to determine all terms and conditions of each share option, including
the number of share options granted; whether an option is to be an incentive share option or nonqualified share option; the date of grant, which is not prior to the date of the administrator's
approval of the grant; a grant price that is not less than the fair market value of Adient ordinary shares subject to the option on the date of grant; and the terms and conditions of exercise. Fair
market value is defined as the last sales price of an Adient ordinary share for the date in question, or if no sales of Adient ordinary shares occur on such date, on the last preceding date on which
there was such a sale. The administrator also determines the expiration date of each option, but the expiration date will not be later than ten years after the grant date. If the aggregate fair market
value of the shares subject to the portion of an incentive share option
that becomes exercisable during a calendar year exceeds $100,000, then the option is treated as a nonqualified share option to the extent the $100,000 limitation is exceeded. 

 Each
incentive share option that the administrator grants to an eligible employee who owns more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of shares then issued by Adient
or a subsidiary must have an exercise price at least equal to 110% of the fair market value of the ordinary shares on the date of grant and must terminate no later than five years after the date of
grant. 

Share Appreciation Rights 

 The administrator has the authority to grant share appreciation rights. A share appreciation right is the right of a participant to
receive cash in an amount, and/or Adient ordinary shares with a fair market value, equal to the appreciation of the fair market value of an Adient ordinary share during a specified period of time. The
Adient Omnibus Plan provides that the administrator determines all terms and conditions of each share appreciation right, including: whether the share appreciation right is granted independently of a
share option or relates to a share option; the number of Adient ordinary shares to which the share appreciation right relates; the date of grant, which is not prior to the date of the administrator's
approval of the grant; a grant price that is not less than the fair market value of the Adient ordinary shares subject to the share appreciation right on the date of grant; the terms and conditions of
exercise or maturity; a term that must be no later than ten years after the date of grant; and whether the share appreciation right will settle in cash, Adient ordinary shares, or a combination of the
two. 

Performance and Share Awards 

 The administrator has the authority to grant awards of restricted shares, restricted share units, deferred share rights, performance
shares, or performance units. Restricted shares are Adient ordinary shares that are subject to a risk of forfeiture, restrictions on transfer, or both a risk of forfeiture and restrictions on
transfer. A restricted share unit represents the right to receive a payment equal to the fair market value of one Adient ordinary share. A deferred share right represents the right to receive Adient
ordinary shares or restricted shares at some future time. A performance share is the right to receive Adient ordinary shares, including restricted shares, to the extent performance goals are achieved.
A performance unit represents the right to receive a payment valued in relation to a unit that has a designated dollar value or the value of which is equal to the fair market value of one or more
Adient ordinary shares, to the extent performance goals are achieved. 

 The
administrator determines all terms and conditions of the awards, including: the number of Adient ordinary shares and/or units to which such award relates; whether performance goals
need to be achieved for the participant to realize any portion of the benefit provided under the award; the period of restriction with respect to restricted shares or restricted share units and the
period of deferral for deferred share rights; the performance period for performance awards; with respect to performance 

 162 

 Table of Contents 

 units,
whether to measure the value of each unit in relation to a designated dollar value or the fair market value of one or more Adient ordinary shares; and, with respect to performance units,
whether the awards will settle in cash, in Adient ordinary shares, or in a combination of the two. 

Incentive Awards 

 The administrator has the authority to grant annual and long-term incentive awards. Incentive awards are the right to receive a cash
payment to the extent performance goals are achieved. The administrator will determine all of the terms and conditions of each incentive award, including the performance goals, the performance period,
the potential amount payable, and the timing of payment; however, the administrator must require that payment of all or any portion of the amount subject to the award is contingent on the achievement
of one or more performance goals during the period the administrator specifies, although the administrator may specify that all or a portion of the goals are deemed achieved upon a participant's
death, disability, or, for awards not intended to qualify as performance-based compensation within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, retirement, or such other circumstances as the
administrator may specify. For annual incentive awards, the performance period must relate to a period of one fiscal year, and for long-term incentive awards, the performance period must relate to a
period of more than one fiscal year; however, for annual incentive awards, if the award is made in the year the Adient Omnibus Plan becomes effective, at the time of commencement of employment, or on
the occasion of a promotion, then the award may relate to a period shorter than one fiscal year. 

Dividend Equivalent Units 

 The administrator has the authority to grant dividend equivalent units in connection with "full value" awards, defined to include
restricted shares, restricted share units,
performance shares, performance units (valued in relation to a share), deferred share rights, and any other similar award under which the value of the award is measured as the full value of a share,
rather than the increase in the value of a share. A dividend equivalent unit is the right to receive a payment, in cash or Adient ordinary shares, equal to the cash dividends or other distributions
that Adient pays with respect to an Adient ordinary share. The administrator determines all terms and conditions of a dividend equivalent unit award, except that dividend equivalent units that relate
to performance awards that are contingent on the achievement of a performance goal at the time the cash dividend or other distribution is paid with respect to a share must also be contingent on the
achievement of such performance goal and may not be paid until the performance goal is achieved. 

Other Awards 

 The administrator has the authority to grant other types of awards, which may be denominated or payable in, valued in whole or in part
by reference to, or otherwise based on, Adient ordinary shares, either alone or in addition to or in conjunction with other awards, and payable in Adient ordinary shares or cash. Such awards may
include unrestricted Adient ordinary shares, which may be awarded, without limitation, as a bonus, in lieu of cash compensation, in exchange for cancellation of a compensation right, or upon the
attainment of performance goals, or otherwise, or rights to acquire Adient ordinary shares from Adient. The administrator determines all terms and conditions of the award, including the time or times
at which such award is made and the number of Adient ordinary shares to be granted pursuant to such award or to which such award will relate. Any award that provides for purchase rights must be priced
at 100% of the fair market value of an Adient ordinary share on the date of the award. 

 163 

 Table of Contents 

Performance Goals 

 For purposes of the Adient Omnibus Plan, performance goals means the following categories, including in each case any measure based on
such category: basic earnings per share for Adient on a consolidated basis; diluted earnings per share for Adient on a consolidated basis; total shareholder return; fair market value of Adient
ordinary shares; net sales; increase in percentage of total revenues represented by consolidated or unconsolidated revenues; cost of sales; gross profit; selling, general, and administrative expenses;
operating income; segment income; earnings before interest and the provision for income taxes (EBIT); earnings before interest, the provision for income taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA);
net income; accounts receivable; inventories; trade working capital; return on equity; return on assets; return on invested capital; return on sales; economic value added, or other measure of
profitability that considers the cost of capital employed; free cash flow; net cash provided by operating activities; net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents; increase (decrease) in debt
or net debt; customer satisfaction, which may include customer backlog and/or relationships; market share; quality; safety; realization or creation of innovation projects or products; achievement of
cost reduction targets or restructuring initiatives; employee engagement;
employee and/or supplier diversity improvement; completion of integration of acquired businesses and/or strategic activities; and development, completion, and implementation of succession planning. 

 The
performance goals, other than, in general, the per-share or share-based goals, may be measured for Adient on a consolidated basis, for any one or more of Adient's affiliates or
divisions, and/or for any other business unit or units of Adient or its affiliates as defined by the administrator at the time of selection. 

 In
addition, the administrator may designate other categories, including categories involving individual performance and subjective targets, not listed above with respect to awards that
are not intended to qualify as performance-based compensation within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code or to the extent that the application of such categories results in a reduction of
the maximum amount otherwise payable under the award. 

 Performance
goals will generally be determined after excluding any gains or losses from the sale of assets outside the ordinary course of business; any gains or losses from discontinued
operations; any extraordinary gains or losses; the effects of accounting changes; any unusual, nonrecurring, transition, one-time, or similar items or charges; the diluted impact of goodwill on
acquisitions; and any other items specified by the administrator. For awards intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, the administrator will
specify the excluded items in writing at the time the award is made unless, after application of the excluded items, the amount payable under the award is reduced. 

Limit on Awards 

 Under the Adient Omnibus Plan, no participant may be granted awards that could result in such
participant: 

 &#149; receiving share options for, or share appreciation rights with respect to, more than 2,000,000 Adient ordinary shares during any
fiscal year; 
 &#149; receiving awards of restricted shares, restricted share units, and/or deferred share rights relating to more than 800,000 Adient
ordinary shares during any fiscal year; 
 &#149; receiving awards of performance shares and/or awards of performance units, the value of which is based on the fair market value of
Adient ordinary shares, for more than 1,600,000 Adient ordinary shares during any fiscal year; 
 
 164 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; receiving awards of performance units, the value of which is not based on the fair market value of Adient ordinary shares, that would
pay more than $15,000,000 in any fiscal year; 
 &#149; receiving other share-based awards not described above with respect to more than 800,000 Adient ordinary shares during any fiscal
year; 

 &#149; receiving an annual incentive award in any fiscal year that would pay more than $10,000,000;
or 

 &#149; receiving a long-term incentive award in any fiscal year that would pay more than $15,000,000.

 Each
of the share limitations is subject to adjustment as described below. Replacement Awards are not subject to these limitations. 

Effect of Termination of Employment or Service on Awards 

 The administrator will have the discretion to determine, at the time an award is made to a participant or any time thereafter, the
effect of the participant's termination of employment or service with Adient or its affiliates on the award. 

Transferability and Restrictions on Exercise 

 No award (other than unrestricted shares), and no right under any such award, is assignable, alienable, saleable, or transferable by a
participant except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, unless and to the extent the administrator allows a participant to designate in writing a beneficiary to exercise the award or
receive payment under an award after the participant's death, or transfer an award. 

 Each
award, and each right under any award, will be exercisable during the lifetime of the participant only by the participant or, if permissible under applicable law, by such
individual's guardian or legal representative. 

Adjustments 

 If any of the following occurs: 

 &#149; Adient involved in a merger or other transaction in which Adient ordinary shares are changed or exchanged; 
 &#149; Adient subdivides or combines its ordinary shares or Adient declares a dividend payable in Adient ordinary shares, other securities,
or other property; 
 &#149; Adient effects a cash dividend, the amount of which, on a per share basis, exceeds 10% of the fair market value of an Adient ordinary
share at the time the dividend is declared, or Adient effects any other dividend or other distribution on its ordinary shares in the form of cash, or a repurchase of ordinary shares, that the Adient
board of directors determines is special or extraordinary in nature or that is in connection with a transaction that Adient characterizes publicly as a recapitalization or reorganization involving
ordinary shares; or 
 &#149; any other event occurs, which, in the judgment of the Adient board of directors or the Adient Compensation Committee necessitates an
adjustment to prevent an increase or decrease in the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Adient Omnibus Plan; 

 then
the administrator will, in a manner it deems equitable to prevent an increase or decrease in the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Adient
Omnibus Plan and subject to certain provisions of the Code, adjust the number and type of ordinary shares subject to the Adient Omnibus Plan and that may, after the event, be made the subject of
awards; the number and type of ordinary shares subject to outstanding awards; the grant, purchase, or exercise price with 

 165 

 Table of Contents 

 respect
to any award; and subject to compliance with Section 162(m) of the Code, performance goals of an award. 

 In
any such case, the administrator may also provide for a cash payment to the holder of an outstanding award in exchange for the cancellation of all or a portion of the award (without
the consent of the holder) in an amount and at a time determined by the administrator. 

 No
such adjustments may be authorized in the case of incentive share options to the extent that such authority would cause the Adient Omnibus Plan to violate Section 422(b) of the
Code. 

 Without
limitation, if there is a reorganization, merger, consolidation, combination, or other similar corporate transaction or event, whether or not constituting a change of control
(other than any such transaction in which Adient is the continuing corporation and in which the outstanding ordinary shares are not being converted into or exchanged for different securities, cash, or
other property, or any combination thereof), the administrator may substitute for each share then subject to an award and the shares subject to the Adient Omnibus Plan the number and kind of ordinary
shares, other securities, cash, or other property to which holders of Adient ordinary shares will be entitled in respect of each share pursuant to the transaction. 

 In
the case of a share dividend (other than a share dividend declared in lieu of an ordinary cash dividend) or subdivision or combination of the shares (including a reverse share split),
if no action is taken by the administrator, the adjustments described above will automatically be made. 

 In
connection with any merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or shares, or reorganization, the administrator may authorize the issuance or assumption of awards under the Adient
Omnibus Plan, subject to the listing requirements of any principal securities exchange or market on which the shares are then traded. 

Change of Control 

 Unless otherwise provided in an applicable employment, retention, change of control, severance, award, or similar agreement, or by the
administrator prior to the event, in the event of a change of control of Adient, the following will occur: 

 If
the purchaser, successor, or surviving corporation (or parent thereof) (which we refer to as the "survivor") so agrees, some or all outstanding awards will be assumed, or replaced
with the same type of award with similar terms and conditions, by the survivor in the change of control transaction, subject to appropriate adjustments. In this case, the terms of the Adient Omnibus
Plan do not provide for automatic acceleration of vesting of awards. In addition, the Adient Omnibus Plan does not provide for an automatic payout of cash incentive awards upon such a change of
control, although individual cash incentive awards may provide for an automatic pro rata payout. 

 To
the extent the survivor in the change of control transaction does not agree to assume the awards or issue replacement awards, then immediately prior to the date of the change of
control: 

 &#149; each share option or share appreciation right that is then held by a participant who is employed by or in the service of Adient or its
affiliates will become fully vested, and, unless otherwise determined by the Adient board of directors or the Adient Compensation Committee, all share options and share appreciation rights will be
cancelled in exchange for a cash payment equal to the excess of the change of control price (as determined by the administrator) of the Adient ordinary shares covered by the share option or share
appreciation right over the purchase or grant price of such ordinary shares under the award; 
 &#149; restricted shares, restricted share units, and deferred share rights (that are not performance awards) that are not vested will vest; 
 
 166 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; all performance and incentive awards that are earned but not yet paid will be paid, and all performance and incentive awards for which
the performance period has not expired will be cancelled in exchange for a cash payment equal to a prorated portion of the target value of the award reflecting the portion of the performance period
that had elapsed prior to the change of control; 
 &#149; all dividend equivalent units that are not vested will vest and be paid in cash; and 
 &#149; all other awards that are not vested will vest and if an amount is payable under such vested award, then such amount will be paid in
cash based on the value of the award. 

 If
the Survivor terminates the participant's employment or service without cause (as defined in the agreement relating to the award or, if not defined in such an agreement, as defined by
the administrator) or if the participant has in effect an employment, retention, change of control, severance, or similar agreement with Adient or its affiliates that contemplates the termination of
his or her employment or service for good reason, and the participant terminates his or her employment or service for good reason (as defined in such agreement), in either case, within
24 months after a change of control, then any assumed or replaced awards, and any awards not cancelled in connection with the change of control, will be treated as
follows: 

 &#149; all outstanding awards or replacement awards will vest automatically (assuming, for any award the vesting of which is subject to
performance goals, that such goals had been met at the target level); 
 &#149; share options and share appreciation rights will be cancelled in exchange for a payment in cash and/or shares (which may include
shares or other securities of the survivor) equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares on the date of such termination covered by the portion of the share option or share appreciation
right that has not been exercised over the exercise or grant price of such shares under the award; 
 &#149; restricted shares, restricted share units, or deferred share rights will be cancelled as of the date of such termination in exchange
for a payment in cash and/or shares (which may include shares or other securities of the survivor) equal to the fair market value of a share; 
 &#149; performance awards and annual and long-term incentive awards that are earned but not yet paid will be paid upon the termination of
employment or service, and performance awards and annual and long-term incentive awards for which the performance period has not expired will be cancelled in exchange for a cash payment equal to a
prorated portion of the target value of the award reflecting the portion of the performance period that had elapsed prior to the termination; and 
 &#149; other awards will be cancelled as of the date of such termination in exchange for a payment in cash in an amount equal to the value of
the award. 

 Payments
under these change of control and termination provisions will generally be made no later than 30 days after the triggering event. If the participant has a deferral election in
effect with respect to any amount payable under these change of control provisions, that amount generally will be deferred pursuant to such election. 

 Except
as otherwise expressly provided in any agreement between a participant and Adient or its affiliates, if the receipt of any payment by a participant under the circumstances
described above would result in the payment by the participant of any excise tax provided for in Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code, then the amount of such payment shall be reduced to the
extent required to prevent the imposition of such excise tax. 

 167 

 Table of Contents 

 A
"change of control" is generally defined by the Adient Omnibus Plan as the first to occur of the following: 

 &#149; the acquisition by a person of 35% or more beneficial ownership of Adient's then-outstanding ordinary shares or then-outstanding
voting securities (excluding acquisitions from or by Adient or by any of Adient's employee benefit plans); 
 &#149; a majority change in the Adient board of directors that is not approved by at least a majority of Adient's incumbent board of
directors (or their board-approved successors); 
 &#149; consummation of a reorganization, merger, statutory share exchange, or consolidation or similar corporate transaction involving Adient
or any of its subsidiaries, a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of Adient's assets, or the acquisition of assets or shares of another entity by Adient or any of its subsidiaries,
in each case, unless, following such event, (a) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities that were the beneficial owners of Adient's then-outstanding ordinary shares or
then-outstanding voting securities beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the then-outstanding common or ordinary shares and the combined voting power of the then outstanding
voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such event in substantially the same proportions as their ownership
immediately prior to such event of the outstanding Adient ordinary shares and the outstanding Adient voting securities, as the case may be, (b) no person (excluding specified persons)
beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 35% or more of, respectively, the then-outstanding common or ordinary shares of the corporation resulting from such event or the combined voting power of the
then-outstanding voting securities of such corporation, except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the event, and (c) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors
of the corporation resulting from such event were members of Adient's incumbent board of directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement or of the action of the Adient board of
directors providing for such event; or 
 &#149; approval by Adient's shareholders of a complete liquidation or dissolution of Adient. 

Term of Adient Omnibus Plan 

 Unless earlier terminated by the Adient board of directors, the Adient Omnibus Plan will remain in effect until all ordinary shares
reserved for issuance under the plan have been issued. If the term of the Adient Omnibus Plan extends beyond ten years, no further incentive share options may be granted unless the shareholders have
approved an extension of the Adient Omnibus Plan for that purpose. 

Termination and Amendment 

 The Adient board of directors or the Adient Compensation Committee may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue, or terminate the Adient
Omnibus Plan at any time, except: 

 &#149; the Adient board of directors must approve any amendment to the Adient Omnibus Plan if Adient determines such approval is required by
prior action of the Adient board of directors, applicable corporate law or any other applicable law; 
 &#149; shareholders must approve any amendment to the Adient Omnibus Plan if Adient determines that such approval is required by
Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the Code, the listing requirements of any principal securities exchange or market on which Adient ordinary shares are then traded, or any other applicable law;
and 
 &#149; shareholders must approve any amendment to the Adient Omnibus Plan that materially increases the number of ordinary shares reserved
under the Adient Omnibus Plan, the incentive 
 
 168 

 Table of Contents 

 share
option award limits, or the per participant award limitations set forth in the Adient Omnibus Plan, that materially expands the group of individuals that may become participants under the Adient
Omnibus Plan, or that diminishes the provisions on repricing or backdating share options and share appreciation rights. 

 The
administrator may modify, amend, or cancel any award or waive any restrictions or conditions applicable to any award or the exercise of the award, to the extent not prohibited by the
terms of the Adient Omnibus Plan. Any modification or amendment that materially diminishes the rights of the participant or any other person that may have an interest in the award, or that cancels any
award, will be effective only if agreed to by that participant or other person. The administrator does not need to obtain participant or other interested party consent, however, for the adjustment or
cancellation of an award pursuant to the adjustment provisions of the Adient Omnibus Plan or the modification of an award to the extent deemed necessary to comply with any applicable law or the
listing requirements of any principal securities exchange or market on which Adient ordinary shares are then traded, to the
extent the administrator deems necessary to preserve favorable accounting or tax treatment of any award for Adient, or to the extent the administrator determines that the action does not materially
and adversely affect the value of an award or that such action is in the best interest of the affected participant or any other person(s) with an interest in the award. 

 The
authority of the administrator to terminate or modify the Adient Omnibus Plan or awards thereunder will extend beyond the termination date of the Adient Omnibus Plan. In addition,
termination of the Adient Omnibus Plan will not affect the rights of participants with respect to awards previously granted to them, and all unexpired awards will continue in force after termination
of the Adient Omnibus Plan except as they may lapse or be terminated by their own terms and conditions. 

Repricing Prohibited 

 Neither the administrator nor any other person may: (a) amend the terms of outstanding share options or share appreciation
rights to reduce the exercise price of such outstanding share options or share appreciation rights; (b) cancel outstanding share options or share appreciation rights in exchange for share
options or share appreciation rights with an exercise price that is less than the exercise price of the original share options or share appreciation rights; or (c) cancel outstanding share
options or share appreciation rights with an exercise price above the current share price in exchange for cash or other securities. 

Backdating Prohibited 

 The administrator may not grant a share option or share appreciation right with a grant date that is effective prior to the date the
administrator takes action to approve such award. 

Foreign Participation 

 To assure the viability of awards granted to participants employed or residing in foreign countries, the administrator may provide for
such special terms as it may consider
necessary or appropriate to accommodate differences in local law, tax policy, or custom. Moreover, the administrator may approve such supplements to, or amendments, restatements, or alternative
versions of, the Adient Omnibus Plan as it determines is necessary or appropriate for such purposes. Any such amendment, restatement, or alternative versions that the administrator approves for
purposes of using the Adient Omnibus Plan in a foreign country will not affect the terms of the Adient Omnibus Plan for any other country. 

Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences 

 The following summarizes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences relating to the Adient Omnibus Plan. The summary is based upon
the laws and regulations in effect as of the date of this 

 169 

 Table of Contents 

 information
statement and does not purport to be a complete statement of the law in this area. Furthermore, the discussion below does not address the tax consequences of the receipt or exercise of
awards under foreign, state, or local tax laws, and such tax laws may not correspond to the federal income tax treatment described herein. The exact federal income tax treatment of transactions under
the Adient Omnibus Plan will vary depending upon the specific facts and circumstances involved and participants are advised to consult their personal tax advisors with regard to all consequences
arising from the grant or exercise of awards and the disposition of any acquired shares. 

Share Options 

 The grant of a share option under the Adient Omnibus Plan will create no income tax consequences to Adient or to the recipient. A
participant who is granted a nonqualified share option will generally recognize ordinary compensation income at the time of exercise in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of the
ordinary shares at such time over the aggregate exercise price. Adient will generally be entitled to a deduction in the same amount and at the same time as the participant recognizes ordinary income.
Upon the participant's subsequent disposition of the ordinary shares received with respect to such share option, the participant will recognize a capital gain or loss (long-term or short-term,
depending on the holding period) to the extent the
amount realized from the sale differs from the tax basis (i.e., the fair market value of the ordinary shares on the exercise date). 

 In
general, a participant will recognize no income or gain as a result of the exercise of an incentive share option, except that the alternative minimum tax may apply. Except as
described below, the participant will recognize a long-term capital gain or loss on the disposition of the ordinary shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of an incentive share option and Adient
will not be allowed a deduction. If the participant fails to hold the ordinary shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of an incentive share option for at least two years from the grant date of the
incentive share option and one year from the exercise date, then the participant will recognize ordinary compensation income at the time of the disposition equal to the lesser of the gain realized on
the disposition and the excess of the fair market value of the ordinary shares on the exercise date over the exercise price. Adient will generally be entitled to a deduction in the same amount and at
the same time as the participant recognizes ordinary income. Any additional gain realized by the participant over the fair market value at the time of exercise will be treated as a capital gain. 

Share Appreciation Rights 

 The grant of a share appreciation right under the Adient Omnibus Plan will create no income tax consequences to Adient or to the
recipient. A participant who is granted a share appreciation right will generally recognize ordinary compensation income at the time of exercise in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market
value of the ordinary shares at such time over the grant price. Adient will generally be entitled to a deduction in the same amount and at the same time as the participant recognizes ordinary income.
If the share appreciation right is settled in ordinary shares, upon the participant's subsequent disposition of such shares, the participant will recognize a capital gain or loss (long-term or
short-term, depending on the holding period) to the extent the amount realized from the sale differs from the tax basis (i.e., the fair market value of the ordinary shares on the exercise
date). 

Restricted Shares 

 Generally, a participant will not recognize income and Adient will not be entitled to a deduction at the time an award of restricted
shares is made under the Adient Omnibus Plan, unless the participant makes the election described below. A participant who has not made such an election will recognize ordinary income at the time the
restrictions on the shares lapse in an amount equal to the fair market value of the restricted shares at such time. Adient will generally be entitled to a corresponding deduction in the same amount
and at the same time as the participant recognizes income. Any 

 170 

 Table of Contents 

 otherwise
taxable disposition of the restricted shares after the time the restrictions lapse will result in a capital gain or loss (long-term or short-term, depending on the holding period) to the
extent the amount realized from the sale differs from the tax basis (i.e., the fair market value of the ordinary shares on the date the restrictions lapse). Dividends paid in cash and received
by a participant prior to the time the restrictions lapse will constitute ordinary income to the participant in the year paid and Adient will generally be entitled to a corresponding deduction for
such dividends. Any dividends paid in shares will be treated as an award of additional restricted shares subject to the tax treatment described herein. 

 A
participant may, within 30 days after the date of the award of restricted shares, elect to recognize ordinary income as of the date of the award in an amount equal to the fair
market value of such restricted shares on the date of the award (less the amount, if any, the participant paid for such restricted shares). If the participant makes such an election, then Adient will
generally be entitled to a corresponding deduction in the same amount and at the same time as the participant recognizes income. If the participant makes the election, then any cash dividends the
participant receives with respect to the restricted shares will be treated as dividend income to the participant in the year of payment and will not be deductible by Adient. Any otherwise taxable
disposition of the restricted shares (other than by forfeiture) will result in a capital gain or loss. If the participant who has made an election subsequently forfeits the restricted shares, then the
participant will not be entitled to claim a credit for the tax previously paid. In addition, Adient would then be required to include as ordinary income the amount of any deduction Adient originally
claimed with respect to such shares. 

Restricted Share Units 

 A participant will not recognize income and Adient will not be entitled to a deduction at the time an award of a restricted share unit
is made under the Adient Omnibus Plan. Upon the participant's receipt of shares (or cash) at the end of the restriction period, the participant will recognize ordinary income equal to the amount of
cash and/or the fair market value of the shares received, and Adient will be entitled to a corresponding deduction in the same amount and at the same time. If the restricted share units are settled in
whole or in part in shares, upon the participant's subsequent disposition of the shares, the participant will recognize a capital gain or loss (long-term or short-term, depending on the holding
period) to the extent the amount realized upon disposition differs from the shares' tax basis (i.e., the fair market value of the ordinary shares on the date the participant received the
ordinary shares). 

Performance Shares 

 The grant of performance shares will create no income tax consequences for Adient or the participant. Upon the participant's receipt of
ordinary shares at the end of the applicable performance period, the participant will recognize ordinary income equal to the fair market value of the ordinary shares received, except that if the
participant receives restricted shares in payment of performance shares, recognition of income may be deferred in accordance with the rules applicable to restricted shares as described above. In
addition, the participant will recognize ordinary compensation income equal to the dividend equivalents paid on performance shares prior to or at the end of the performance period. Adient will
generally be entitled to a deduction in the same amount and at the same time as the participant recognizes income. Upon the participant's subsequent disposition of the ordinary shares, the participant
will recognize a capital gain or loss (long-term or short-term depending on the holding period) to the extent the amount realized from the disposition differs from the shares' tax basis
(i.e., the fair market value of the ordinary shares on the date the participant received the ordinary shares). 

 171 

 Table of Contents 

Performance Units 

 The grant of a performance unit will create no income tax consequences to Adient or the participant. Upon the participant's receipt of
cash and/or ordinary shares at the end of the applicable performance period, the participant will recognize ordinary income equal to the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of the ordinary
shares received, and Adient will be entitled to a corresponding deduction in the same amount and at the same time. If performance units are settled in whole or in part in ordinary shares, upon the
participant's subsequent disposition of the ordinary shares, the participant will recognize a capital gain or loss (long-term or short-term, depending on the holding period) to the extent the amount
realized upon disposition differs from the shares' tax basis (i.e., the fair market value of the ordinary shares on the date the participant received the ordinary shares). 

Incentive Awards 

 A participant who is paid an incentive award will recognize ordinary income equal to the amount of cash paid, and Adient will generally
be entitled to a corresponding income tax deduction. 

Dividend Equivalent Units 

 A participant who is paid a dividend equivalent with respect to an award will recognize ordinary income equal to the value of cash or
ordinary shares paid, and Adient will be entitled to a corresponding deduction in the same amount and at the same time. 

Adient 2016 Director Share Plan 

 On September 8, 2016, the Adient board of directors and Adient's sole shareholder approved and adopted the Adient plc
2016 Director Share Plan, which we refer to as the "Adient Director Plan," and which will become effective upon the consummation of the distribution.

 The
following is a brief description of the principal features of the Adient Director Plan. This summary is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Adient Director
Plan, the form of which is attached as Exhibit 10.12 to the registration statement of which this information statement is a part. 

Purpose 

 The purpose of the Adient Director Plan is to advance Adient's growth and success and to advance its interests by attracting and
retaining well-qualified outside directors upon whose judgment Adient is largely dependent for the successful conduct of its operations and by
providing such individuals with incentives to put forth maximum efforts for the long-term success of Adient's business. 

Shares Subject to Plan 

 Subject to adjustment as described below, 150,000 Adient ordinary shares will be available for awards under the Adient Director
Plan. Adient ordinary shares to be delivered under the Adient Director Plan will be made available from presently authorized but unissued ordinary shares or authorized and issued ordinary shares
reacquired and held as treasury shares (subject to compliance with applicable law), or a combination thereof. 

Administration 

 The Adient Director Plan will be administered and interpreted by the Adient Compensation Committee. 

 172 

 Table of Contents 

Grants of Ordinary Shares 

 If all or any portion of any fees payable to non-employee members of the Adient board of directors (including the annual retainer,
committee chair fees, and lead director fees) are to be paid in the form of ordinary shares under the Adient Director Plan, as approved by the Adient board of directors or the Adient Compensation
Committee, then the number of ordinary shares to be issued will be such number, rounded down to the nearest whole share, whose value (determined on the date payment is due to be made) equals the
amount to be paid. The value of an ordinary share on any given date means the closing sales price on that date, or on the immediately preceding trading day if such date is not a trading day, as
reported on the principal securities exchange or market on which Adient ordinary shares are then traded. The number of ordinary shares that may be awarded
hereunder to any individual non-employee director during any fiscal year will not exceed the number of ordinary shares having a grant date fair value of $750,000. 

Termination of Services as Outside Director 

 If an outside director ceases to serve on the Adient board of directors, all future rights to receive ordinary shares under the Adient
Director Plan shall terminate immediately. 

Adjustment 

 In the event of any change in the Adient ordinary shares by reason of a declaration of a share dividend (other than a share dividend
declared in lieu of an ordinary cash dividend), spin-off, merger, consolidation, recapitalization, or split-up, combination or exchange of shares or otherwise, the aggregate number of shares available
under the Adient Director Plan will be appropriately adjusted by the Adient Compensation Committee, using the same standards and/or formulas as it uses in making adjustments under the Adient Omnibus
Plan (or any successor plan thereto). 

Termination and Amendment of Plan 

 The Adient board of directors (acting through the Adient Compensation Committee to the extent permitted by law) may at any time
terminate the Adient Director Plan and may amend the Adient Director Plan as it shall deem advisable including any amendments deemed by the Adient board of directors to be necessary or advisable to
assure conformity of the Adient Director Plan with any requirements of state and federal laws or regulations now or hereafter in effect; however, the Adient board of directors may not, without further
approval by the Adient shareholders, make any modifications that under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or the rules of the principal securities exchange or market on which Adient
ordinary shares are then traded, require such approval. 

Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences 

 The following summarizes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences relating to the Adient Director Plan. The summary is based upon
the laws and regulations in effect as of the date of this information statement and does not purport to be a complete statement of the law in this area. Furthermore, the discussion below does not
address the tax consequences of the receipt of ordinary shares under foreign, state, or local tax laws, and such tax laws may not correspond to the federal income tax treatment described herein. The
exact federal income tax treatment of transactions under the Adient Director Plan will vary depending upon the specific facts and circumstances involved and participants are advised to consult their
personal tax advisors with regard to all consequences arising from the grant of ordinary shares and the disposition of any acquired shares. 

 A
participant who receives ordinary shares under the Adient Director plan will generally recognize ordinary income at the time the ordinary shares are issued in an amount equal to the
fair market value of the ordinary shares at such time. Adient will generally be entitled to a corresponding deduction in the same amount and at the same time as the participant recognizes income. Any
otherwise taxable disposition of the ordinary shares after such issuance will result in a capital gain or loss (long-term or short-term, depending on the holding period) to the extent the amount
realized from the sale differs from the tax basis (i.e., the fair market value of the ordinary shares on the date of issuance). 

 173 

 Table of Contents 

 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS 

Agreements with Johnson Controls 

 Following the separation and distribution, Adient and Johnson Controls will operate separately, each as an independent public company.
Adient has entered into a separation and distribution agreement with Johnson Controls, which is referred to in this information statement as the separation agreement or the separation and distribution
agreement. In connection with the
separation, Adient has also entered into various other agreements to effect the separation and provide a framework for its relationship with Johnson Controls after the separation, such as a transition
services agreement, a tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement and a transitional trademark license agreement. These agreements will provide for the allocation between Adient and Johnson
Controls of Johnson Controls' assets, employees, liabilities and obligations (including its investments, property and employee benefits and tax-related assets and liabilities) attributable to periods
prior to, at and after the distribution of Adient shares and will govern certain relationships between Adient and Johnson Controls after the separation and distribution. The agreements listed above
have been filed as exhibits to the registration statement on Form 10 of which this information statement is a part.

 The
summaries of each of the agreements listed above are qualified in their entireties by reference to the full text of the applicable agreements, which are incorporated by reference
into this information statement. When used in this section, "distribution date" refers to the date of the distribution of Adient ordinary shares to the holders of Johnson Controls shares. 

Separation Agreement 

 The following discussion summarizes the material provisions of the separation agreement that has been entered into between Adient and
Johnson Controls. The separation agreement sets forth, among other things, Adient's agreements with Johnson Controls regarding the principal transactions necessary to separate Adient from Johnson
Controls. It also sets forth other agreements that govern certain aspects of Adient's relationship with Johnson Controls after the distribution date.

Transfer of Assets and Assumption of Liabilities 

 The separation agreement identifies the assets to be transferred, the liabilities to be assumed and the contracts to be assigned to
each of Adient and Johnson Controls as part of the separation of Johnson Controls into two companies, and it provides for when and how these transfers, assumptions and assignments will occur. In
particular, the separation agreement provides, among other things, that, subject to the terms and conditions contained therein: 

 &#149; certain assets related to the Adient business, referred to as the Adient Assets, will be transferred to Adient or one of Adient's
subsidiaries, including: 

 &#149; equity interests of certain Johnson Controls subsidiaries and partially-owned affiliates that hold assets and liabilities
related to the Adient business; 
 &#149; contracts (or portions thereof) that relate to the Adient business; 
 &#149; information technology that is located at certain locations or is used exclusively in the Adient business; 
 &#149; the intellectual property used exclusively in the Adient business, and a non-exclusive right to the intellectual property
that is used (but not exclusively used) in the Adient business; 
 &#149; permits that are used primarily in the Adient business; 
 &#149; certain facilities, as described elsewhere in this information statement; 

 174 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; other real property, including distribution and warehouse facilities and office space; 
 &#149; information to the extent related to the Adient Assets, the Adient Liabilities or the Adient business; 
 &#149; rights and assets expressly allocated to Adient or one of Adient's subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of the separation
agreement or certain other agreements entered into in connection with the separation; and 
 &#149; other assets that are included in the Adient pro forma balance sheet, which appears in the section entitled "Unaudited
Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements." 

 &#149; certain liabilities related to the Adient business or the Adient Assets, referred to as the Adient Liabilities, will be retained by or
transferred to Adient or one of Adient's subsidiaries, including: 

 &#149; liabilities to the extent arising out of actions, inactions, events, omissions, conditions, facts, or circumstances
occurring or existing prior to the completion of the separation to the extent related to the Adient business or the Adient Assets, except for certain employee retirement liabilities that will be
retained by Johnson Controls; 
 &#149; liabilities to the extent relating to, arising out of or resulting from the Adient Assets; 
 &#149; liabilities for claims made by third parties, or directors, officers, employees, agents of Johnson Controls or Adient or
their subsidiaries or affiliates against either Johnson Controls or Adient or any of their respective subsidiaries to the extent relating to, arising out of, or resulting from the Adient business or
the Adient Assets; 
 &#149; liabilities and obligations expressly allocated to Adient or one of Adient's subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of the
separation agreement or certain other agreements entered into in connection with the separation; 

 &#149; liabilities relating to the financing arrangements that Adient will enter into in connection with the separation;
and

 &#149; other liabilities that are included in the Adient pro forma balance sheet, which appears in the section entitled
"Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements." 

 Except
as expressly set forth in the separation agreement or any ancillary agreement, neither Adient nor Johnson Controls will make any representation or warranty as to the assets,
business or liabilities transferred or assumed as part of the separation, as to any approvals or notifications required in connection with the transfers, as to the value of or the freedom from any
security interests of any of the assets transferred, as to the absence or presence of any defenses or right of setoff or freedom from counterclaim with respect to any claim or other asset of either
Adient or Johnson Controls, or as to the legal sufficiency of any assignment, document or instrument delivered to convey title to any asset or thing of value to be transferred in connection with the
separation. All assets will be transferred on an "as is," "where is" basis and the respective transferees will bear the economic and legal risks that any conveyance will prove to be insufficient to
vest in the transferee good and marketable title, free and clear of all security interests. The respective transferees will also generally bear the risk that any necessary consents or governmental
approvals are not obtained or that any requirements of laws, agreements, security interests, or judgments are not complied with, except that the party transferring an asset or assuming a liability
will be required to make one commercially reasonable payment, if required by a third party, to obtain the consent or approval to assign the asset, novate the liability or release a guaranty. 

 Information in this information statement with respect to the assets and liabilities of the parties following the distribution is presented based on the allocation of such assets and
liabilities pursuant to the separation agreement, unless the context otherwise requires. The separation agreement provides

 175 

 Table of Contents 

 that,
in the event that the transfer or assignment of certain assets and liabilities to Johnson Controls or Adient, as applicable, does not occur prior to the separation, then until such assets or
liabilities are able to be transferred or assigned, Johnson Controls or Adient, as applicable, will hold such assets on behalf of and for the benefit of the other party and will pay, perform, and
discharge such liabilities, for which the other party will reimburse Johnson Controls or Adient, as applicable, for costs and expenses in connection with the performance and discharge of such
liabilities. 

The Distribution 

 The separation agreement governs the rights and obligations of the parties regarding the distribution. On the distribution date, Adient
will issue its ordinary shares to Johnson Controls shareholders, pro rata to their respective holdings, on the basis of one Adient ordinary share for every ten shares of Johnson Controls held as of
the close of business on the record date of October 19, 2016. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu of any fractional shares.

Conditions to the Distribution 

 The separation agreement provides that the distribution is subject to satisfaction (or waiver by Johnson Controls) of certain
conditions described under "The Separation and Distribution&#151;Conditions to the Distribution." Johnson Controls has the sole and absolute discretion to determine (and change) the terms of,
and to determine whether to proceed with, the distribution and, to the extent it determines to so proceed, to determine the record date for the distribution, the distribution date and the distribution
ratio.

Post-Distribution True-Up 

 The separation agreement also provides for an adjustment payment to potentially be made following the distribution from Johnson
Controls to Adient, or from Adient to
Johnson Controls, as applicable, to the extent that Adient's net cash position deviates from a target. The target is intended to provide Adient with approximately $500 million of available cash as of
the distribution date, adjusted for certain separation expenses, and incorporates additional adjustments for cash that is restricted or held by consolidated but non-wholly owned subsidiaries and for
certain customer payments. The actual amount of available cash that Adient has after giving effect to any adjustment payment may be more or less than $500 million. The separation agreement will also
provide for an adjustment payment to potentially be made following the distribution if Adient's trade working capital ( i.e. , accounts receivable and
inventory, less accounts payable) deviates significantly from past practices.

Settlement of Accounts between Adient and Johnson Controls 

 The separation agreement provides that all agreements as to which there are no third parties and that are between Johnson Controls and
Adient as of the distribution, will be terminated as of the distribution, except for the separation agreement and the ancillary agreements, certain contracts to which a third party or joint venture is
party and other arrangements specified in the separation agreement. The separation agreement provides that all intercompany receivables owed and intercompany payables due solely between Johnson
Controls and Adient that are outstanding as of the effective time of the distribution will be settled (and net amounts paid) within 90 days of the distribution. 

Financing 

 In connection with the separation and distribution, Adient has borrowed approximately $3.5 billion, which consists of
$1.5 billion in borrowings under AGH's term loan and revolving credit facilities, also referred to as the credit facilities, and $2.0 billion dollar equivalent of corporate bonds issued
by AGH.

 176 

 Table of Contents 

 Prior
to the distribution, Adient and its affiliates plan to make cash transfers totaling approximately $3.0 billion to Johnson Controls as described in "The Separation and
Distribution&#151;Conditions to the Distribution." 

 The principal terms of the credit facilities and the notes are described in "Description of Material Indebtedness."

Claims 

 In general, each party to the separation agreement will assume liability for all pending, threatened and unasserted legal matters
related to its own business or its assumed or retained liabilities and will indemnify the other party for any liability to the extent arising out of or resulting from such assumed or retained legal
matters. 

Releases 

 The separation agreement provides that Adient and its affiliates will release and discharge Johnson Controls and its affiliates from
all liabilities assumed by Adient as part of the separation, from all acts and events occurring or failing to occur, and all conditions existing, on or before the distribution date relating to
Adient's business, and from all liabilities existing or arising in connection with the implementation of the separation, except as expressly set forth in the separation agreement. Johnson Controls and
its affiliates will release and discharge Adient and its affiliates from all liabilities retained by Johnson Controls and its affiliates as part of the separation and from all liabilities existing or
arising in connection with the implementation of the separation, except as expressly set forth in the separation agreement.

 These
releases will not extend to obligations or liabilities under any agreements between the parties that remain in effect following the separation, which agreements include, but are
not limited to, the separation agreement, the transition services agreement, the tax matters agreement, the employee matters agreement, the transitional trademark license agreement and certain other
agreements, including the transfer documents in connection with the separation. 

Indemnification 

 In the separation agreement, Adient agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Johnson Controls, each of its affiliates and each of
their respective directors, officers and
employees, from and against all liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from: 

 &#149; the Adient Liabilities; 
 &#149; the failure of Adient, any of its subsidiaries or any other person to pay, perform or otherwise promptly discharge any of the Adient
Liabilities, in accordance with their respective terms, whether prior to, at or after the distribution; 
 &#149; any breach by Adient or any of its subsidiaries of the separation agreement or any of the ancillary agreements, other than the
transition services agreement; 
 &#149; except to the extent relating to a Johnson Controls Liability, any guarantee, indemnification or contribution obligation or other
credit support agreement or arrangement for the benefit of Adient by Johnson Controls that survives the distribution; and 
 &#149; any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in the registration statement, this information statement or any
similar disclosure document other than any such statement specifically relating to the Johnson Controls business, Johnson Controls assets or Johnson Controls Liabilities, or to Johnson Controls and
its subsidiaries after the distribution. 
 
 177 

 Table of Contents 

 Johnson Controls agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Adient, each of its affiliates and each of its respective directors, officers and employees from and against all
liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from: 

 &#149; the Johnson Controls Liabilities; 
 &#149; the failure of Johnson Controls, any of its subsidiaries or any other person, other than Adient, to pay, perform or otherwise promptly
discharge any of the Johnson Controls Liabilities, in accordance with their respective terms whether prior to, at or after the distribution; 
 &#149; any breach by Johnson Controls or any of its subsidiaries, other than Adient, of the separation agreement or any of the ancillary
agreements, other than the transition services agreement; 
 &#149; except to the extent relating to an Adient Liability, any guarantee, indemnification or contribution obligation or other credit
support agreement or arrangement for the benefit of Johnson Controls by Adient that survives the distribution; and 
 &#149; any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in the registration statement, this information statement or any
similar disclosure document specifically relating to the Johnson Controls business, Johnson Controls assets or the Johnson Controls Liabilities, or to Johnson Controls and its subsidiaries after the
distribution. 

 All such rights to indemnification will be in excess of available insurance. The separation agreement also establishes procedures with respect to claims subject to indemnification and
related matters.

Insurance 

 The separation agreement describes the parties' rights and obligations under existing insurance policies with respect to occurrences
prior to the distribution and sets forth procedures for the administration of insured claims.

Intellectual Property; Data Privacy 

 The separation agreement includes limited covenants not to sue by each of Johnson Controls and Adient to the other for patents owned by
it before the separation, which will generally continue until the expiration of the last valid claim of any such patents. The separation agreement also provides for the parties to cooperate in
connection with Adient's entry into data transfer agreements for purposes of complying with applicable data privacy regulations of the European Union.

Further Assurances 

 In addition to the actions specifically provided for in the separation and distribution agreement, except as otherwise set forth
therein or in any ancillary agreement, both Johnson Controls and Adient agree in the separation and distribution agreement to use reasonable best efforts, prior to, on and after the distribution date,
to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws, regulations and agreements to consummate and
make effective the transactions contemplated by the separation agreement and the ancillary agreements.

Dispute Resolution 

 The separation agreement contains provisions that govern, except as otherwise provided in any ancillary agreement, the resolution of
disputes, controversies or claims that
may arise between Adient and Johnson Controls related to the separation or distribution and that are unable to be resolved by the transition committee. These provisions contemplate that efforts will
be made to resolve disputes,

 178 

 Table of Contents 

 controversies
and claims by escalation of the matter to senior management or other mutually agreed representatives of Adient and Johnson Controls and then to non-binding mediation. If such efforts are
not successful, either Adient or Johnson Controls will be able to submit the dispute, controversy or claim to binding alternative dispute resolution, subject to the provisions of the separation
agreement. 

Termination 

 The separation agreement provides that it may be terminated and the separation and distribution may be modified or abandoned at any
time prior to the distribution date in the sole discretion of Johnson Controls without the approval of any person, including Adient's or Johnson Controls' shareholders. In the event of a termination
of the separation agreement, no party, nor any of its directors, officers, or employees, will have any liability of any kind to the other party or any other person. After the distribution date, the
separation agreement may not be terminated except by an agreement in writing signed by both Johnson Controls and Adient.

Expenses 

 Except as expressly set forth in the separation agreement or in any ancillary agreement, all costs and expenses incurred in connection
with the separation and distribution incurred on or prior to the effective time of the distribution, including costs and expenses relating to legal and tax counsel, financial advisors and accounting
advisory work related to the separation and distribution, will be paid by Johnson Controls, and all costs and expenses incurred following the distribution will be paid by the party incurring such cost
or expense. 

Other Provisions of the Agreement 

 Other matters governed by the separation agreement include access to financial and other information, confidentiality, access to and
provision of records and treatment of outstanding guarantees and similar credit support.

Transition Services Agreement 

 Adient and Johnson Controls have entered into a transition services agreement pursuant to which Adient and Johnson Controls will
provide to the other, on an interim, transitional basis, various services, including information technologies, accounting administration, and human resource management services. The agreed-upon
charges for such services are generally intended to allow the servicing party to recover all out-of-pocket costs and expenses. The services generally will commence on the distribution date, and they
will terminate no later than 24 months following the distribution date. The receiving party may terminate the provision of such services upon prior written notice, subject to a minimum notice
period of 30 days. Due to interdependencies between services, certain services may be terminated early only if the parties agree to modify the other services that will be adversely affected by
the early termination. Either party may terminate the provision of a service if the other party has failed to perform any of its material obligations with respect to that service and has not cured the
failure within thirty days, unless there is a good faith dispute between the parties as to whether the non-terminating party breached the agreement or cured its breach.

 Adient
has been preparing for the transition of the services to be provided by Johnson Controls under the transition services agreement from Johnson Controls, or third-party providers on
behalf of Johnson Controls, to Adient. Adient anticipates that it will be in a position to complete the transition of those services on or before two years following the distribution date. 

 Subject
to certain exceptions, any damages payable by either party under the transition services agreement will generally be limited to six months of charges paid or payable to such
party by the other party pursuant to the transition services agreement. The transition services agreement also provides 

 179 

 Table of Contents 

 that
neither party shall generally be liable to the other for any special, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential damages. 

Tax Matters Agreement 

 Adient and Johnson Controls have entered into a tax matters agreement that will generally govern Johnson Controls' and Adient's
respective rights, responsibilities and obligations after the distribution with respect to taxes for any tax period ending on or before the distribution date, as well as tax periods beginning before
and ending after the distribution date. Generally, Johnson Controls will be liable for all pre-distribution U.S. federal income taxes, foreign income taxes and certain non-income taxes attributable to
Adient's business required to be reported on combined, consolidated, unitary or similar returns that include one or more members of the Johnson Controls group and one or more members of the Adient
group. Adient generally will be liable for all other taxes attributable to its business. In addition, the tax matters agreement addresses the allocation of liability for taxes that are incurred as a
result of restructuring activities undertaken to effectuate the distribution. The tax matters agreement also contains certain restrictions on certain Adient actions that may result in certain of the
restructuring transactions undertaken in connection with the separation failing to qualify as transactions that are generally tax-free, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, under Sections 355
and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code.

Employee Matters Agreement 

 Adient and Johnson Controls have entered into an employee matters agreement to allocate liabilities and responsibilities relating to
employment matters, employee compensation and benefits plans and programs, and other related matters. The employee matters agreement governs Johnson Controls' and Adient's compensation and employee
benefit obligations with respect to the current and former employees and non-employee directors of each company.

 The employee matters agreement provides that, unless otherwise specified, Johnson Controls will be responsible for liabilities associated with Johnson Controls allocated employees and
liabilities associated with former employees whose last employment was not with the Adient businesses, and Adient will be responsible for liabilities associated with Adient allocated employees and
liabilities associated with former employees whose last employment was with the Adient businesses. However, Johnson Controls
will retain and continue to be responsible for certain post-retirement liabilities relating to plans sponsored by Johnson Controls and in which other wholly owned subsidiaries of Johnson Controls
participate (excluding entities that will become subsidiaries of Adient).

Employee Benefits 

 Adient allocated employees will be eligible to participate in Adient benefit plans as of the separation in accordance with the terms
and conditions of the Adient plans as in effect from time to time. Generally and subject to certain exceptions, Adient will create compensation and benefit plans that mirror the terms of corresponding
Johnson Controls compensation and benefit plans, and Adient will credit each Adient allocated employee with his or her service with Johnson Controls prior to the separation for all purposes under the
Adient benefit plans to the same extent such service was recognized by Johnson Controls for similar purposes and so long as such crediting does not result in a duplication of benefits. 

Treatment of Equity Compensation 

 The employee matters agreement generally provides for the conversion of the outstanding awards granted under the Johnson Controls
equity compensation programs into adjusted awards relating to shares of Johnson Controls, or both shares of Johnson Controls and Adient ordinary shares. The

 180 

 Table of Contents 

 adjusted
awards generally will be subject to the same or equivalent vesting conditions and other terms that applied to the applicable original Johnson Controls award immediately before the separation. 

 Each
Johnson Controls stock option and each Johnson Controls stock appreciation right that is held by a Johnson Controls allocated employee or a former employee will be converted into an
adjusted Johnson Controls stock option or stock appreciation right, as applicable, with the exercise price and the number of shares subject to the stock option or stock appreciation right adjusted to
preserve the aggregate intrinsic value of the original Johnson Controls stock option or stock appreciation right as
measured immediately before and immediately after the separation, subject to rounding. Each Johnson Controls stock option and each Johnson Controls stock appreciation right that is held by an Adient
allocated employee will be converted into an adjusted Johnson Controls stock option or stock appreciation right, as applicable, and an Adient stock option or stock appreciation right, as applicable.
The exercise price and the number of shares subject to each such stock option and stock appreciation right will be adjusted in order to preserve the aggregate intrinsic value of the original Johnson
Controls stock option or stock appreciation right, as measured immediately before and immediately after the separation, subject to rounding. 

 Holders
of outstanding Johnson Controls restricted stock unit awards who are Johnson Controls allocated employees or former employees will receive corresponding adjusted Johnson Controls
restricted stock unit awards, with the number of shares adjusted in each case to preserve the aggregate value of the original Johnson Controls award as measured immediately before and immediately
after the separation, subject to rounding. Holders of outstanding Johnson Controls restricted stock unit awards who are Adient allocated employees will retain those awards and also receive a
corresponding Adient restricted stock unit award covering a number of Adient ordinary shares that reflects the distribution to Johnson Controls shareholders, determined by applying the distribution
ratio to the shares underlying the applicable Johnson Controls award as though they were actual shares of Johnson Controls, subject to rounding. 

 For
purposes of vesting for all awards, continued employment with or service to Johnson Controls or Adient, as applicable, will be treated as continued employment with or service to
either Johnson Controls or both Johnson Controls and Adient, as applicable. 

Miscellaneous 

 The employee matters agreement also addresses other employee-related issues and certain special circumstances and special rules for
benefit arrangements in various non-U.S. jurisdictions.

Transitional Trademark License Agreement 

 Adient has entered into a trademark license agreement pursuant to which Johnson Controls will grant Adient and its affiliates a
worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicenseable, fully paid-up license to use certain of Johnson Controls' trademarks, trade names and service marks used in Adient's business as of the distribution date
to allow Adient a reasonable amount of time to rebrand or phase out of use of the licensed marks. Adient will not be able to assign its rights to the
licensed marks, except in limited circumstances. Adient will be permitted to use the licensed marks on certain items existing at the time of the distribution, including engineering documents,
packaging, heavy machinery, tooling, equipment and pallets, until such items are replaced in the ordinary course of business, but must cease other uses of the licensed marks within a specified period
of time after the distribution that ranges from thirty days to 2 years depending on the type of materials and whether the licensed mark is visible to third parties. Adient's subsidiaries and
affiliates must cease use of the licensed marks in their corporate or entity names within 180 days of the distribution, except that they may continue their use for up to 2 years if a longer
period is required to obtain any regulatory or third party approvals required for the name change. Johnson Controls may terminate the agreement if Adient commits a

 181 

 Table of Contents 

 material
breach of the agreement that materially harms the goodwill of the Johnson Controls trademarks and fails to cure such breach within thirty days, unless there is a good faith dispute between
the parties as to whether Adient materially breached the agreement or cured its breach. 

Procedures for Approval of Related Person Transactions 

 It is expected that Adient's board will adopt a written policy for the review of related person transactions. For purposes of the
policy, a related person transaction will include transactions in which (1) the amount involved is more than $120,000, (2) Adient is a participant, and (3) any related person has
a direct or indirect material interest. The policy will define a "related person" to include directors, nominees for director, executive officers, and their respective immediate family members.
Pursuant to the policy, all related person transactions must be approved by the Audit Committee or, in the event of an inadvertent failure to bring the transaction to the Audit Committee for
pre-approval, ratified by the Audit Committee. In the event that a member of the Audit Committee has an interest in a related person transaction, the transaction must be approved or ratified by the
disinterested members of the Audit Committee. In deciding whether to approve or ratify a related person transaction, the Audit Committee will consider the following factors: 

 &#149; whether the terms of the transaction are (1) fair to Adient and (2) at least as favorable to Adient as would apply if
the transaction did not involve a related person; 
 &#149; whether there are demonstrable business reasons for Adient to enter into the transaction; 
 &#149; whether the transaction would impair the independence of an outside director under Adient's director independence standards; and 
 &#149; whether the transaction would present an improper conflict of interest for any director or executive officer, taking into account the
size of the transaction, the overall financial position of the related person, the direct or indirect nature of the related person's interest in the transaction and the ongoing nature of any proposed
relationship, and any other factors the committee deems relevant. 
 
 182 

 Table of Contents 

 MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES 

 The following is a discussion of material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the separation and distribution of Adient ordinary
shares to Adient and to "U.S. holders" and "non-U.S. holders" (each as defined below) of Johnson Controls shares. This summary is based on the Code, the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder,
rulings and other administrative pronouncements issued by the IRS, judicial decisions, the Ireland-United States Tax Treaty, which we refer to as the Ireland Tax Treaty, all as in effect on the date
of this information statement, and all of which are subject to differing interpretations and change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. Johnson Controls has not sought and does not intend
to seek a ruling from the IRS with respect to the treatment of the distribution and certain related transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes, nor with respect to the application of
Section 7874 to Adient and the separation and no assurance can be given that the IRS would not assert, or that a court would not sustain, a position contrary to any of the tax consequences
described below. 

 This
discussion applies only to U.S. holders and non-U.S. holders of shares of Johnson Controls who hold such shares as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the
Code (generally, property held for investment). This discussion is based upon the assumption that the distribution, together with certain related transactions, will be consummated in accordance with
the separation agreement and the other separation-related agreements and as described in this information statement. This summary is for general information only and is not tax advice. It does not
discuss all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to particular holders in light of their particular circumstances or to holders subject to special rules under the Code
(including, but not limited to, insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations, financial institutions, broker-dealers, regulated investment companies or real estate investment trusts, partners in
partnerships (or entities or arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that hold Johnson Controls shares, pass-through entities (or investors therein), traders in
securities who elect to apply a mark-to-market method of accounting, shareholders who hold Johnson Controls shares as part of a "hedge," "straddle," "conversion," "synthetic security," "integrated
investment" or "constructive sale transaction," individuals who receive Johnson Controls or Adient shares upon the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation, holders who are
liable for the alternative minimum tax or any holders that actually or constructively own 5% or more of Johnson Controls shares). This discussion also does not address any tax consequences arising
under the unearned Medicare contribution tax pursuant to the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, nor does it address any tax considerations under state, local or foreign laws or U.S.
federal laws other than those pertaining to the U.S. federal income tax. In addition, this discussion assumes that Johnson Controls is treated as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes. 

 If
a partnership, including for this purpose any entity or arrangement that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, holds Johnson Controls shares, the tax
treatment of a partner in such partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. An investor that is a partnership and the partners in such
partnership should consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the distribution. 

 For
purposes of this discussion, a "U.S. holder" is any beneficial owner of Johnson Controls shares that is, for U.S. federal income tax
purposes: 

 &#149; an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; 
 &#149; a corporation (or entity treated as a corporation) created or organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States,
any state thereof, or the District of Columbia; 
 &#149; an estate, the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; and 
 
 183 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; a trust if (1) a U.S. court is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of such trust and one or more U.S.
persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (2) it has a valid election in effect under applicable Treasury Regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. 

 For
purposes of this discussion a "non-U.S. holder" is any beneficial owner of Johnson Controls shares that is neither a U.S. holder nor a partnership for U.S. federal income tax
purposes. 

 THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION IS A SUMMARY OF MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE SEPARATION AND DISTRIBUTION UNDER CURRENT LAW AND IS FOR GENERAL
INFORMATION ONLY. ALL HOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE SEPARATION AND DISTRIBUTION TO THEM, INCLUDING THE APPLICATION AND EFFECT OF U.S.
FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN TAX LAWS. 

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Separation to Adient 

Tax Residence of Adient for U.S. Federal Tax Purposes 

 For U.S. federal tax purposes, a corporation is generally considered to be a tax resident of the jurisdiction of its organization or
incorporation. Because Adient is a company incorporated under the laws of Ireland, it would be classified as a foreign corporation under these rules. Section 7874 of the Code provides an
exception to this general rule under which a foreign incorporated entity may, in certain circumstances, be classified as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes. The rules under
Section 7874 are relatively new and complex and there is limited guidance regarding their application. 

 Under
Section 7874, a corporation created or organized outside the United States ( i.e. , a foreign corporation) will nevertheless be
treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes if (i) the foreign corporation directly or indirectly acquires substantially all of the properties held directly or indirectly by a
U.S. corporation (including through an acquisition of the outstanding shares of the U.S. corporation), (ii) the former shareholders of the acquired U.S. corporation hold at least 80% (by either
vote or value) of the shares of the foreign acquiring corporation after the acquisition by reason of holding shares in the acquired U.S. corporation (including the receipt of the foreign corporation's
shares in exchange for the U.S. corporation's shares), which we refer to as the 80% Ownership Test, and (iii) the foreign corporation's "expanded affiliated group" does not have substantial
business activities in the foreign corporation's country of organization or incorporation relative to such expanded affiliated group's worldwide activities. For purposes of Section 7874,
acquisitions of multiple U.S. corporations (and/or substantially all of the assets of multiple U.S. corporations) by a foreign corporation, if treated as part of a plan or series of related
transactions, may be treated as a single acquisition. If multiple acquisitions of U.S. corporations (and/or substantially all of the assets of U.S. corporations) are treated as a single acquisition,
all shares of the foreign acquiring corporation received by the shareholders of the acquired U.S. corporations (and/or the U.S. corporations substantially all of the assets of which were acquired)
would be aggregated for purposes of the 80% Ownership Test set forth above concerning such shareholders holding at least 80% (by either vote or value) of the shares of the foreign acquiring
corporation after the acquisitions by reason of holding shares in such U.S. corporations. Where, pursuant to the same transaction, stock of the foreign acquiring corporation is received in exchange
for stock of a U.S. corporation (or substantially all of the assets of a U.S. corporation) as well as other property, the portion of the stock of the foreign acquiring corporation received in exchange
for the stock of the U.S. corporation is determined based on the relative value of the stock of the U.S. corporation compared with the aggregate value of such stock and such other property. 

 As
part of the separation, Adient will indirectly acquire assets, including stock of U.S. subsidiaries, from Johnson Controls Inc., which is a U.S. corporation, and accordingly
the rules of Section 7874 are 

 184 

 Table of Contents 

 potentially
implicated. Under current law, it is presently anticipated that Section 7874 will not cause Adient or any of its foreign affiliates to be treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S.
federal tax purposes because, among other things, based on the rules for determining ownership under Section 7874 and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder and certain factual
assumptions, (i) the assets acquired from Johnson Controls, Inc. pursuant to the separation are not expected to constitute "substantially all" of the properties held directly or
indirectly by Johnson Controls, Inc. and (ii) the shares received by reason of holding shares in U.S. subsidiaries of Johnson Controls, Inc. transferred in the separation are
expected to represent less than 80% (by both vote and value) of the relevant shares outstanding after the separation (and prior to the distribution). Accordingly, under current law and certain factual
assumptions, it is expected that Adient will be respected as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes. 

 However,
as described above under "Risk Factors&#151;Risks Related to Adient Ordinary Shares," there can be no assurance that Adient or any of its foreign affiliates will be
respected as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes under Section 7874 following the distribution. Whether or not certain of the tests under Section 7874 are met must be
finally determined at the completion of the separation, by which time there could be adverse changes in relevant facts and circumstances. Moreover, the law and the Treasury Regulations promulgated
under Section 7874 are relatively new, complex and somewhat unclear, and there is limited guidance regarding the application of Section 7874 in circumstances similar to the separation.
For example, there is currently no guidance that expressly defines what constitutes "substantially all" of the properties of a U.S. corporation for purposes of Section 7874 and it is possible
that the IRS may assert that "substantially all" of the properties of Johnson Controls, Inc. (or of a U.S. subsidiary of Johnson Controls, Inc.) were acquired in the separation. In
addition, there is limited guidance on the application of the 80% Ownership Test in circumstances similar to the separation and the IRS may not agree that the shares held by reason of holding shares
in U.S. subsidiaries that (or substantially all of the assets of which) were transferred in the separation represent less than 80% (by either vote or value) of the relevant shares for purposes of
Section 7874. Moreover, the application of Section 7874 to the separation will depend on the relative valuation of the various assets (including stock of subsidiaries) that are
transferred in connection with the separation. Valuation matters can be subjective, and the IRS may seek to challenge the valuation of such assets. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the IRS
will not challenge the status of Adient or any of its foreign affiliates as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes under current Section 7874 or that such challenge would not be
sustained by a court. 

 In
addition, temporary Regulations under Section 7874 issued by the U.S. Treasury and the IRS on April 4, 2016 (the "Temporary 7874 Regulations") generally increase the
likelihood that the relevant ownership percentages under Section 7874 will be exceeded. However, it is presently not expected that the Temporary 7874 Regulations will adversely affect the U.S.
federal tax status of Adient or any of its foreign affiliates as a foreign corporation. 

 In
fact, the Temporary 7874 Regulations may further bolster the determination that Adient should be treated as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes. Among other
provisions, the Temporary 7874 Regulations provide additional guidance relating to certain exceptions to the application of
Section 7874 with respect to restructuring transactions involving "foreign-parented groups." Based on such additional guidance and the fact that Johnson Controls is a corporation organized
under the laws of Ireland, it is possible that under the Temporary 7874 Regulations, the 80% Ownership Test would not be met with respect to the separation even if "substantially all" of the
properties of Johnson Controls, Inc. were found to have been acquired in the separation, or if the shares held by reason of holding shares in U.S. subsidiaries that (or substantially all of the
assets of which) were transferred as part of the separation were found to represent 80% or more (by vote or value) of the relevant shares for purposes of Section 7874. However, the Temporary
7874 Regulations are new, complex and somewhat unclear, and there is limited guidance regarding their application. 

 185 

 Table of Contents 

 Accordingly,
there can be no assurance that these regulations would apply to cause the 80% Ownership Test not to be met with respect to the separation in these circumstances, or that the IRS would
agree with such position. 

 Moreover,
as discussed under "Risk Factors&#151;Risks Related to Adient Ordinary Shares," changes to the rules in Section 7874 of the Code or the Treasury Regulations
promulgated thereunder, or other changes in law, could adversely affect Adient's or any of its affiliates' status as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes. Recent legislative and other
proposals have aimed to expand the scope of U.S. corporate tax residence, including in such a way as could cause Adient and/or its affiliates to be treated as U.S. corporations if the management and
control of Adient or such affiliates were determined to be located primarily in the United States. In addition, recent legislative and other proposals have aimed to expand the scope of
Section 7874, or otherwise address certain perceived issues arising in connection with so-called inversion transactions. Some of these recent proposals, if enacted in their present form and if
made retroactively effective to the period in which the separation occurs, could potentially cause Adient and/or its affiliates to be treated as U.S. corporations for U.S. federal tax purposes. It is
presently uncertain whether any such legislative or other proposals or any other legislation relating to U.S. corporate residence, Section 7874 or so-called inversion transactions, which could
be enacted on a retroactive basis, will be enacted into law and, if so, what impact such legislation would have on the U.S. federal tax status of Adient and its foreign affiliates as foreign
corporations. 

 If
Adient or any of its affiliates were to be treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes, Adient or any such affiliate could be subject to substantial additional U.S.
tax liability. The remainder of this discussion assumes that neither Adient nor any of its affiliates will be treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes under Section 7874 of
the Code. 

Potential Limitation on the Utilization of Adient's (and its U.S. Affiliates') Tax Attributes
or Other Increase in U.S. Taxable Income 

 Following the acquisition of a U.S. corporation by a foreign corporation, Section 7874 of the Code can limit the ability of the
acquired U.S. corporation and its U.S. affiliates to use U.S. tax attributes (including net operating losses and certain tax credits) to offset U.S. taxable income resulting from certain transactions.
Specifically, Section 7874 can apply in this manner if (i) the foreign corporation acquires, directly or indirectly, substantially all of the properties held directly or indirectly by a
U.S. corporation (including through an acquisition of the outstanding shares of the U.S. corporation), (ii) after the acquisition, the former shareholders of the acquired U.S. corporation hold
at least 60% (by either vote or value) but less than 80% (by vote and value) of the shares of the foreign acquiring corporation by reason of holding shares in the acquired U.S. corporation (including
the receipt of the foreign corporation's shares in exchange for the U.S. corporation's shares), which we refer to as the 60% Ownership Test, and (iii) the foreign corporation's "expanded
affiliated group" does not have substantial business activities in the foreign corporation's country of organization or incorporation relative to such expanded affiliated group's worldwide activities.
For purposes of Section 7874, acquisitions of multiple U.S. corporations (and/or substantially all of the assets of multiple U.S. corporations) by a foreign corporation, if treated as part of a
plan or series of related transactions, may be treated as a single acquisition, in which case, all shares of the foreign acquiring corporation received by the shareholders of such U.S. corporations
would be aggregated for purposes of the 60% Ownership Test. Where, pursuant to the same transaction, stock of the foreign acquiring corporation is received in exchange for stock of a U.S. corporation
as well as other property, the stock of the foreign acquiring corporation that was received in exchange for the stock of the U.S. corporation is determined based on the relative value of the stock of
the U.S. corporation compared with the aggregate value of such stock and such other property. 

 186 

 Table of Contents 

 As
discussed above under "Risk Factors&#151;Risks Related to Adient Ordinary Shares," and "&#151;U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Separation to
Adient&#151;Tax Residence of Adient for U.S. Federal Tax Purposes," as part of the separation, Adient will indirectly acquire assets, including stock of U.S. subsidiaries from Johnson
Controls, Inc. It is currently not expected that that the shares received by reason of holding stock in the U.S. subsidiaries transferred in the separation will represent at least 60% (by
either vote or value) of the relevant shares. However, as discussed above, the percentage of shares so received for purposes of Section 7874 is generally determined at the closing of the
transactions and there could be adverse changes to the relevant facts and circumstances between now and the time of determination. In addition, the Treasury Regulations promulgated under
Section 7874 are relatively new, complex and somewhat unclear and there is limited guidance regarding the application of Section 7874 in circumstances similar to the separation.
Moreover, the percentage of shares held by reason of holding stock of relevant U.S. subsidiaries of Johnson Controls, Inc. will depend on the relative valuation of the assets transferred
pursuant to the separation and valuation matters can be subjective. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the IRS would not
assert that Section 7874 applies to limit the ability of the U.S. subsidiaries and affiliates of Adient to use certain U.S. tax attributes or cause Adient and/or its affiliates to be subject to
certain other adverse U.S. federal income tax rules, or that such challenge would not be sustained by a court. 

 In
addition, the Temporary 7874 Regulations generally increase the likelihood that the relevant ownership percentages under Section 7874 will be exceeded and limit or eliminate
certain tax benefits to so-called inverted corporations and groups, including with respect to access to certain foreign earnings, post-inversion restructuring transactions and the ability to use
certain attributes and deductions. However, it is presently not expected that the Temporary 7874 Regulations will materially adversely affect the benefits of the separation or the ability of Adient's
U.S. affiliates to use certain U.S. tax attributes or deductions. As discussed above under "&#151;U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Separation to Adient&#151;Tax Residence of
Adient for U.S. Federal Tax Purposes," among other provisions, the Temporary 7874 Regulations include additional guidance relating to certain exceptions to the application of
Section 7874 with respect to restructuring transactions involving "foreign-parented groups." Based on the Temporary 7874 Regulations and the fact that Johnson Controls is a corporation
organized under the laws of Ireland, it is possible that under these regulations the 60% Ownership Test would not be met with respect to the separation even if "substantially all" of the properties of
Johnson Controls, Inc. were found to have been acquired in the separation, or if the shares held by reason of holding shares in U.S. subsidiaries that (or substantially all of the assets of
which) were transferred as part of the separation were found to represent 60% or more (by vote or value) of the relevant shares for purposes of Section 7874. However, the Temporary 7874
Regulations are new, complex and somewhat unclear, and there is limited guidance regarding their application. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Temporary 7874 Regulations would apply to
cause the 60% Ownership Test not to be met with respect to the separation in these circumstances, or that the IRS would agree with such position. 

 Moreover,
and as discussed above under "Risk Factors&#151;Risks Related to Adient Ordinary Shares," and "&#151;U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Separation to
Adient&#151;Tax Residence of Adient for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes," changes to the rules in Section 7874 of the Code or the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, or other
changes in law, could adversely affect Adient's or any of its foreign affiliates' status as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes, the ability of Adient's U.S. affiliates to use certain
attributes or deductions, Adient's effective tax rate and/or future tax planning for the Adient group. Recent legislative proposals have aimed to expand the scope of Section 7874, or otherwise
address certain perceived issues arising in connection with so-called inversion transactions. For example, recent legislative and regulatory proposals (including, most recently, proposed legislation
introduced by Democratic members of the House of Representatives on February 23, 2016, which, if enacted in its present form, would be effective retroactively to any transactions completed on
or after May 8, 2014; proposed legislation introduced by Democratic 

 187 

 Table of Contents 

 members
of the Senate on March 10, 2016, which, if enacted in its present form, would be effective with respect to taxable years beginning after the date of enactment; and proposed Treasury
Regulations
under Section 385 of the Code issued by the U.S. Treasury and the IRS on April 4, 2016), if enacted or finalized, could potentially cause Adient's U.S. affiliates to be subject to
certain intercompany financing limitations, including with respect to their ability to deduct interest expense. It is presently uncertain whether any such legislative proposals or any other
legislation relating to Section 7874 or so-called inversion transactions will be enacted into law or whether such proposed Treasury Regulations will be issued in final form and, if so, what
impact such legislation or final Treasury Regulations would have on Adient and its affiliates. 

 If
the relevant tests under Section 7874 are satisfied at the closing of the transactions for any reason, or, if changes in applicable law adversely affect the application of the
above rules to Adient or any of its affiliates, Adient's U.S. affiliates could be limited in their ability to use their U.S. tax attributes, if any, to offset taxable income resulting from certain
transactions, or could otherwise have their U.S. taxable income increased. 

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Distribution to U.S. Holders 

 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the distribution will not be eligible for treatment as a tax-free distribution by Johnson
Controls with respect to its stock. Accordingly, the distribution will be treated as a taxable distribution by Johnson Controls to each Johnson Controls shareholder in an amount equal to the fair
market value of the Adient ordinary shares received by such shareholder (including any fractional shares deemed received and any Adient ordinary shares withheld on account of any Irish withholding
taxes), determined as of the distribution date (such amount, the "Distribution Amount"). 

 The
Distribution Amount received by a U.S. holder will be treated as a taxable dividend to the extent of such U.S. holder's ratable share of current or accumulated earnings and profits
of Johnson Controls for the taxable year of the distribution (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles). Any portion of the Distribution Amount that is treated as a dividend will not be
eligible for the dividends-received deduction allowed to corporations under the Code. 

 With respect to non-corporate U.S. holders, subject to the discussion below regarding special rules applicable to "passive foreign investment companies," or PFICs, dividends received
from a "qualified foreign corporation" may be subject to reduced rates of U.S. federal income taxation, provided that certain holding period requirements and other conditions are satisfied. For these
purposes, a foreign corporation will be treated as a qualified foreign corporation if it is eligible for the benefits of a comprehensive income tax treaty with the United States which is determined by
the U.S. Treasury to be satisfactory for purposes of these rules and which includes an exchange of information provision. The U.S. Treasury has determined that the Ireland Tax Treaty meets these
requirements. A foreign corporation is also treated as a qualified foreign corporation with respect to dividends paid by that corporation on shares that are readily tradable on an established
securities market in the United States. We believe that Johnson Controls shares, which are listed on the NYSE, are considered to be readily
tradable on an established securities market in the United States. Non-corporate U.S. holders that do not meet a minimum holding period requirement during which they are not protected from the risk of
loss, or that elect to treat the dividend income as "investment income" pursuant to Section 163(d)(4) of the Code, will not be eligible for the reduced rates of taxation regardless of the
status of Johnson Controls as a qualified foreign corporation. Because the merger of Johnson Controls Inc. and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Tyco will be a taxable transaction to the
former shareholders of Johnson Controls Inc. for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the holding period of such a former shareholder in the ordinary shares of Johnson Controls received in the
merger will begin on the day following the day on which the merger occurs. In addition, even if the minimum holding period requirement has been met, the rate reduction will not apply to dividends if
the recipient of a dividend

 188 

 Table of Contents 

 is
obligated to make related payments with respect to positions in substantially similar or related property. U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of these
rules in light of their particular circumstances. 

 To
the extent that the Distribution Amount received by a U.S. holder exceeds such U.S. holder's ratable share of Johnson Controls' current and accumulated earnings and profits for the
taxable year of the distribution (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles), any such excess will generally be treated as a return of capital and will not be taxable to a U.S. holder to
the extent of such U.S. holder's adjusted tax basis in its Johnson Controls shares. Any portion of the Distribution Amount that is treated as a nontaxable return of capital will reduce the adjusted
tax basis of the U.S. holder's Johnson Controls shares. To the extent that any such excess portion of the Distribution Amount received by a U.S. holder exceeds such U.S. holder's adjusted tax basis in
its Johnson Controls shares, such excess will be treated as capital gain recognized on a sale or exchange of such Johnson Controls shares. Any such gain will be long-term capital gain if the U.S.
holder's holding period for the Johnson Controls shares exceeds one year. Preferential tax rates may apply to long-term capital gains of non-corporate U.S. holders (including individuals). Because, as
discussed above, the holding period of a U.S. holder that is a former shareholder of Johnson Controls Inc. in the ordinary shares of Johnson Controls received in the merger will begin on the
day following the day on which the merger occurs, any such capital gain recognized by such U.S. holder with respect to such ordinary shares will not be long-term capital gain if the distribution
occurs within one year of the merger ( i.e. , if the distribution occurs on or before the day that is one year after the merger). 

 A
U.S. holder's tax basis in Adient ordinary shares received in the distribution (including any fractional shares deemed to be received) generally will equal the fair market value of
such shares on the distribution date, and the holding period for such shares will begin the day after the distribution date. 

 In
the event that a U.S. holder is subject to Irish withholding taxes on the distribution, such U.S. holder may be eligible, subject to certain conditions and limitations, to claim a
foreign tax credit for such Irish withholding taxes against the U.S. holder's U.S. federal income tax liability or alternatively
deduct such Irish withholding taxes in computing such U.S. holder's U.S. federal income tax liability. For purposes of the foreign tax credit, the distribution is expected to generally constitute
"foreign source income" and to generally be treated as "passive category income," except that a portion of the distribution may be treated as income from U.S. sources if (i) U.S. persons own,
directly or indirectly, 50% or more of the Johnson Controls shares and (ii) Johnson Controls receives more than a de minimis amount of income
from U.S. sources. The rules governing the foreign tax credit and ability to deduct foreign taxes are complex and involve the application of rules that depend upon a U.S. holder's particular
circumstances. U.S. holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability of the foreign tax credit or deduction in light of their particular circumstances. 

Cash in Lieu of Fractional Adient Ordinary Shares 

 Any cash received by a U.S. holder in lieu of a fractional Adient ordinary share should be treated as if such fractional ordinary share
had been (i) received by the U.S. holder as part of the distribution and then (ii) sold by such U.S. holder for the amount of cash received. Because the basis of the fractional ordinary
share deemed received by a U.S. holder in the distribution will equal the fair market value of such fractional ordinary share on the distribution date, a shareholder of Johnson Controls generally
should not recognize additional gain or loss on the transaction described in (ii) of the preceding sentence unless the fractional share is sold at a price different from its fair market value
on the distribution date. 

 189 

 Table of Contents 

Passive Foreign Investment Company 

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the distribution to U.S. holders could be materially
different from those described above and certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences could apply if, at any relevant time, Johnson Controls is treated as a PFIC. A foreign corporation will be
classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year in which, after the application of certain look-through rules, either (i) 75% or more of its gross income for such
year is "passive income" (as defined in the relevant provisions of the Code) or (ii) 50% or more of the value of its assets (determined on the basis of a quarterly average) during such year
produce or are held for the production of passive income. Passive income includes, among other things, dividends, interest, royalties, rents, annuities, net gains from the sale or exchange of property
producing such income and net foreign currency gains. 

 Johnson
Controls believes that it has not been a PFIC for any prior taxable year and that it will not be treated as a PFIC for the taxable year of the distribution. However, this
conclusion is a factual determination made annually and cannot be completed until the close of a taxable year. It is difficult to accurately predict future income and assets relevant to this
determination. Moreover, the determination of PFIC status depends, in part, on the application of complex U.S. federal income tax rules, which are subject to differing interpretations. As a result,
there can be no assurance that Johnson Controls will not be treated as a PFIC for the taxable year of the distribution or any preceding taxable year. 

 If
Johnson Controls were to be treated as a PFIC for any taxable year, U.S. holders generally would be subject to special tax rules that could result in materially adverse U.S. federal
income tax consequences, including in connection with the distribution. More specifically, unless a U.S. holder elects to be taxed annually on a mark-to-market basis with respect to its Johnson
Controls ordinary shares, a U.S. holder could be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the highest applicable ordinary income tax rates on (i) any "excess distribution" made by Johnson Controls
to such U.S. holder (which generally means any distribution paid during a taxable year to a U.S. holder that is greater than 125% of the average annual distributions paid in the three preceding
taxable years or, if shorter, the U.S. holder's holding period for the ordinary shares) or (ii) any gain realized on any sale or exchange of Johnson Controls ordinary shares. In addition, a
U.S. holder could be subject to an interest charge on certain taxes treated as having been deferred under the PFIC rules. In addition, any portion of the Distribution Amount that is treated as a
dividend would not constitute qualified dividend income eligible for preferential tax rates if Johnson Controls is treated as a PFIC for the taxable year of the distribution or for its preceding
taxable year. U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of the PFIC rules to Johnson Controls and the distribution. 

Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 

 The distribution of Adient ordinary shares and any payment of cash to a U.S. holder of Johnson Controls shares in lieu of fractional
Adient ordinary shares may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding (currently at a rate of 28%), unless such U.S. holder delivers a properly completed IRS Form W-9 certifying
such U.S. holder's correct taxpayer identification number and certain other information, or otherwise establishes an exemption from backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any
amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be refunded or credited against a U.S. holder's U.S. federal income tax liability, if any, provided that the required information is timely
supplied to the IRS. 

 190 

 Table of Contents 

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders of the Ownership and Disposition of
Adient Ordinary Shares 

 The following discussion is a summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of
Adient ordinary shares to U.S. holders of Johnson Controls shares that receive Adient ordinary shares pursuant to the distribution. 

Distributions on Adient Ordinary Shares 

 The gross amount of any distribution on Adient ordinary shares (including any foreign withholding taxes withheld with respect thereto)
that is made out of Adient's current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) will generally be taxable to a U.S. holder as ordinary dividend income on
the date such distribution is actually or constructively received by such U.S. holder. Any such dividends paid to corporate U.S. holders generally will not qualify for the dividends-received deduction
that may otherwise be allowed under the Code. 

 Dividends
received by non-corporate U.S. holders (including individuals), subject to the discussion below under "&#151;Passive Foreign Investment Company Status," from a
"qualified foreign corporation" may be eligible for reduced rates of taxation, provided that certain holding period requirements and other conditions are satisfied. For these purposes, a foreign
corporation will be treated as a qualified foreign corporation if it is eligible for the benefits of a comprehensive income tax treaty with the United States which is determined by the U.S. Treasury
to be satisfactory for purposes of these rules and which includes an exchange of information provision. The U.S. Treasury has determined that the Ireland Tax Treaty meets these requirements. A foreign
corporation is also treated as a qualified foreign corporation with respect to dividends paid by that corporation on shares that are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United
States. U.S. Treasury guidance indicates that shares listed on the NYSE (which the Adient ordinary shares are expected to be listed) will be considered readily tradable on an established securities
market in the United States. There can be no assurance that the Adient ordinary shares will be considered readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States in future years.
Non-corporate U.S. holders that do not meet a minimum holding period requirement during which they are not protected from the risk of loss or that elect to treat the dividend income as "investment
income" pursuant to Section 163(d)(4) of the Code (dealing with the deduction for investment interest expense) will not be eligible for the reduced rates of taxation regardless of Adient's
status as a qualified foreign corporation. In addition, the rate reduction will not apply to dividends if the recipient of a dividend is obligated to make related payments with respect to positions in
substantially similar or related property. This disallowance applies even if the minimum holding period has been met. Finally, Adient will not constitute a qualified foreign corporation for purposes
of these rules if it is a passive foreign investment company, or "PFIC," for the
taxable year in which it pays a dividend or for the preceding taxable year. See the discussion below under "&#151;Passive Foreign Investment Company Status." 

 Subject
to certain conditions and limitations, withholding taxes, if any, on dividends paid by Adient may be treated as foreign taxes eligible for credit against a U.S. holder's U.S.
federal income tax liability under the U.S. foreign tax credit rules. For purposes of calculating the U.S. foreign tax credit, dividends received from a foreign corporation are generally
foreign-source income and will generally constitute passive category income. However, if more than 25% of the gross income of the foreign corporation during the three-year period preceding the
declaration of the dividend is U.S. source income that was effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States, a portion of that dividend will be treated as U.S. source
income. In addition, it is possible that Adient will be at the closing of the distribution or some time thereafter at least 50% owned by U.S. persons. Dividends paid by a foreign corporation that is
at least 50% owned by U.S. persons may be treated as U.S. source income (rather than foreign source income) for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes to the extent that the foreign corporation has more
than an insignificant amount of U.S. source income. The 

 191 

 Table of Contents 

 effect
of this rule may be to treat a portion of any dividends paid by Adient as U.S. source income. Treatment of Adient dividends as U.S. source income in whole or in part may limit a U.S. holder's
ability to claim a foreign tax credit with respect to foreign taxes payable or deemed payable in respect of such dividends or on other items of foreign source, passive income for U.S. federal foreign
tax credit limitation purposes. The rules governing the U.S. foreign tax credit are complex. U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the availability of the U.S. foreign tax credit
under their particular circumstances. 

 The
amount of any dividend paid by Adient in foreign currency will be the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency distributed by Adient, calculated by reference to the exchange rate in
effect on the date the dividend is includible in the U.S. holder's income, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt. Generally, a U.S. holder
should not recognize any foreign currency gain or loss if the foreign currency is converted into U.S. dollars on the date the payment is received. However, any gain or loss resulting from currency
exchange fluctuations during the period from the date the U.S. holder includes the dividend payment in income to the date such U.S. holder actually converts the payment into U.S. dollars will be
treated as ordinary income or loss. That currency exchange income or loss (if any) generally will be income or loss from U.S. sources for foreign tax credit limitation purposes. 

 To
the extent that the amount of any distribution made by Adient on the Adient ordinary shares exceeds Adient's current and accumulated earnings and profits for a taxable year (as
determined under U.S. federal income tax principles), the distribution will first be treated as a tax-free return of capital, causing a reduction in the adjusted basis of the U.S. holder's Adient
ordinary shares, and to the extent the amount of the distribution exceeds the U.S. Holder's tax basis, the excess will be taxed as capital
gain recognized on a sale or exchange as described below under "&#151;Sale, Exchange, Redemption or Other Taxable Disposition of Adient Ordinary Shares." 

Sale, Exchange, Redemption or Other Taxable Disposition of Adient Ordinary Shares 

 Subject to the discussion below under "&#151;Passive Foreign Investment Company Status," a U.S. holder will generally recognize
gain or loss on any sale, exchange, redemption, or other taxable disposition of Adient ordinary shares in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized on the disposition and such U.S.
holder's adjusted tax basis in such shares. Any gain or loss recognized by a U.S. holder on a taxable disposition of Adient ordinary shares will generally be capital gain or loss and will be long-term
capital gain or loss if the holder's holding period in such shares exceeds one year at the time of the disposition. Preferential tax rates may apply to long-term capital gains of non-corporate U.S.
holders (including individuals). The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. Any gain or loss recognized by a U.S. holder on the sale or exchange of Adient ordinary shares will
generally be treated as U.S. source gain or loss. 

Passive Foreign Investment Company Status 

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences could apply to a U.S. holder if Adient is treated
as a PFIC for any taxable year during which such U.S. holder holds Adient ordinary shares. A foreign corporation, such as Adient, will be classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes for
any taxable year in which, after the application of certain look-through rules, either (i) 75% or more of its gross income for such year is "passive income" (as defined in the relevant
provisions of the Code) or (ii) 50% or more of the value of its assets (determined on the basis of a quarterly average) during such year produce or are held for the production of passive
income. Passive income includes, among other things, dividends, interest, royalties, rents, annuities, net gains from the sale or exchange of property producing such income and net foreign currency
gains. 

 192 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient
is not currently expected to be treated as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, but this conclusion is a factual determination made annually and, thus, is subject to
change. With certain
exceptions, the Adient ordinary shares would be treated as stock in a PFIC if Adient were a PFIC at any time during a U.S. holder's holding period in such U.S. holder's Adient ordinary shares. There
can be no assurance that Adient will not be treated as a PFIC for any taxable year or at any time during a U.S. holder's holding period. 

 If
Adient were to be treated as a PFIC, unless a U.S. holder elects to be taxed annually on a mark-to-market basis with respect to its Adient ordinary shares, gain realized on any sale
or exchange of such Adient ordinary shares and certain distributions received with respect to such shares could be subject to additional U.S. federal income taxes, plus an interest charge on certain
taxes treated as having been deferred under the PFIC rules. In addition, dividends received with respect to Adient ordinary shares would not constitute qualified dividend income eligible for
preferential tax rates if Adient is treated as a PFIC for the taxable year of the distribution or for its preceding taxable year. Adient does not expect to provide U.S. holders with the information
that is necessary to make a qualified electing fund election, which can mitigate some of the adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. holders in the event Adient were to be classified as a
PFIC. U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of the PFIC rules to their investment in the Adient ordinary shares. 

Specified Foreign Financial Assets 

 Certain U.S. holders holding specified foreign financial assets with an aggregate value in excess of the applicable dollar threshold
are required to report information to the IRS relating to Adient ordinary shares, subject to certain exceptions (including an exception for Adient ordinary shares held in accounts maintained by U.S.
financial institutions), by attaching a complete IRS Form 8938, Statement of Specified Foreign Financial Assets, with their tax return, for each year in which they hold Adient ordinary shares.
Such U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding information reporting requirements relating to their ownership of Adient ordinary shares. 

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 

 In general, information reporting requirements will apply to dividends received by U.S. holders of Adient ordinary shares, and the
proceeds received on the disposition of Adient ordinary shares effected within the United States (and, in certain cases, outside the United States), in each case, other than U.S. holders that are
exempt recipients (such as corporations). Backup withholding (currently at a rate of 28%) may apply to such amounts if the U.S. holder fails to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number and
comply with certain certification requirements on a properly completed IRS Form W-9 or is otherwise subject to backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts
withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a
refund or credit against a U.S. holder's U.S. federal income tax liability, if any, provided that the required information is timely supplied to the IRS. 

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Distribution and of the Ownership and Disposition
of Adient Ordinary Shares to Non-U.S. Holders 

 Subject to the discussion below under "&#151;Information Reporting and Backup Withholding," a non-U.S. holder that receives
Adient ordinary shares and/or cash in lieu of fractional Adient ordinary shares in the distribution, generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax, on (i) any dividend
or any gain recognized in connection with the distribution (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes based on the Distribution Amount and based on such non-U.S. holder's ratable share of
current and accumulated earnings and profits of Johnson Controls for the taxable year of the distribution, as discussed above under "&#151;U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the 

 193 

 Table of Contents 

 Distribution
to U.S. Holders") or (ii) any dividend or gain recognized in connection with any distributions made with respect to Adient ordinary shares received in the distribution by such
non-U.S. holder (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes based on such non-U.S. holder's ratable share of current and accumulated profits of Adient for the taxable year of such
distributions, as discussed above under "&#151;U.S. Federal Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders of the Ownership and Disposition of Adient Ordinary Shares&#151;Distributions on Adient
Ordinary Shares"), or (iii) any gain recognized upon any sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of Adient ordinary shares received in the distribution by such non-U.S. holder,
unless: 

 &#149; such dividend or gain is effectively connected with such non-U.S. holder's conduct of a trade or business in the United States (and,
if required by an applicable tax treaty, is attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by the non-U.S. holder in the United States); or 
 &#149; in the case of gain only, such non-U.S. holder is a nonresident alien individual who is present in the United States for
183 days or more during the taxable year in which such gain is recognized, and certain other requirements are met. 

 Unless
an applicable treaty provides otherwise, any dividend or gain described in the first bullet point above generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax in the same manner as
if such holder were a U.S. person, as described above under "&#151;U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Distribution to U.S. Holders," "&#151;U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences
to U.S. Holders of the Ownership and Disposition of Adient Ordinary Shares&#151;Distributions on Adient Ordinary Shares," or "&#151;U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders
of the Ownership and Disposition of Adient Ordinary Shares&#151;Sale, Exchange, Redemption or Other Taxable Disposition of Adient Ordinary Shares," as applicable. A non-U.S. holder that is a
corporation also may be subject to a branch profits tax equal to 30% (or such lower rate specified by an applicable tax treaty) of its effectively connected earnings and profits for the taxable year,
as adjusted for certain items. Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding any applicable tax treaties that may provide for different rules. 

 Any
gain described in the second bullet point above generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any gain from the distribution at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate as may be
specified by an applicable income tax treaty), but may be offset by U.S.-source capital losses of the non-U.S. holder, if any, provided that the holder has timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns
with respect to such losses. 

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 

 In general, Adient ordinary shares received in the distribution, cash received in lieu of Adient ordinary shares received in the
distribution, dividends paid with respect to Adient ordinary shares and proceeds from the sale or other disposition of Adient ordinary shares received in the United States by a non-U.S. holder or
through certain financial intermediaries with certain U.S. connections may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding unless such non-U.S. holder provides proof of an applicable
exemption or complies with certain certification procedures (such as providing a valid IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, or IRS Form W-8ECI or otherwise establishing an
exemption), and otherwise complies with the applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules. 

 Backup
withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or credit against a holder's U.S. federal income tax
liability, if any, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 

 The foregoing is a summary of material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the separation and the distribution and of the ownership and disposition of Adient
ordinary shares under current law and particular circumstances. The foregoing does not purport to address all U.S. federal income tax consequences or tax consequences that may arise under the tax laws
of other jurisdictions or that may apply to particular categories of shareholders. 

 194 

 Table of Contents 

 MATERIAL IRISH INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES 

 The
following is a summary of the material Irish tax consequences for certain beneficial owners of Johnson Controls ordinary shares who receive Adient ordinary shares pursuant to the
separation and who are the beneficial owners of such Adient ordinary shares. The summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to
each of the shareholders. The summary is based upon Irish tax laws and the practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners in effect on the date of this information statement and correspondence with the
Irish Revenue Commissioners. Changes in law and/or administrative practice may result in alteration of the tax considerations described below, possibly with retrospective effect. 

 The
summary does not constitute tax advice and is intended only as a general guide. The summary is not exhaustive and Johnson Controls shareholders should consult their own tax advisors
about the Irish tax consequences (and tax consequences under the laws of other relevant jurisdictions) of the separation and of the acquisition, ownership and disposal of Adient ordinary shares. The
summary applies only to shareholders who will own Adient ordinary shares as capital assets and does not apply to other categories of shareholders, such as dealers in securities, trustees, insurance
companies, collective investment schemes and shareholders who have, or who are deemed to have, acquired Adient ordinary shares by virtue of an Irish office or employment (performed or carried on in
Ireland). 

 It
should be noted that specific confirmation as to the tax treatment of the distribution for Johnson Controls shareholders has not been sought from the Irish Revenue Commissioners. 

Irish Tax on Chargeable Gains 

 The current rate of tax on chargeable gains (where applicable) in Ireland is 33%. 

Non-Irish Resident Shareholders 

 Johnson Controls shareholders that are not resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland for Irish tax purposes and do not hold their
Johnson Controls shares in connection with a trade or business carried on by such shareholders through an Irish branch or agency will not be within the charge to Irish tax on chargeable gains on the
receipt of new Adient ordinary shares pursuant to the separation. 

 Any
subsequent disposal of Adient ordinary shares will not be within the charge to Irish tax on chargeable gains provided the holder of such shares is not resident or ordinarily resident
in Ireland for Irish tax purposes and does not hold his or her shares in connection with a trade carried on by such shareholder through an Irish branch or agency. 

Irish Resident Shareholders 

 Johnson Controls shareholders that are resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland for Irish tax purposes, or shareholders that hold
their shares in connection with a trade or business carried on by such persons through an Irish branch or agency, should not be subject to Irish tax on chargeable gains on the receipt of new Adient
ordinary shares pursuant to the separation but should rather be treated for Irish tax purposes as having acquired their shares in Adient at the same time and for the same cost as they acquired their
original shares in Johnson Controls. Such shareholders may, however, be subject to Irish tax on chargeable gains on the receipt of any cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to the separation as
they will be deemed to have made a part disposal of their shares in Johnson Controls. 

 A
subsequent disposal of Adient ordinary shares by a shareholder who is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland for Irish tax purposes or who holds his or her shares in connection
with a trade carried on by such person through an Irish branch or agency will, subject to the availability of any exemptions and reliefs, generally be within the charge to Irish tax on chargeable
gains. 

 195 

 Table of Contents 

 A
shareholder of Adient who is an individual and who is temporarily not resident in Ireland may, under Irish anti avoidance legislation, still be liable to Irish tax on any chargeable
gain realized upon subsequent disposal of Adient ordinary shares during the period in which such individual is a non-resident. 

Stamp Duty 

 The rate of stamp duty (where applicable) on transfers of shares of Irish incorporated companies is 1% of the price paid or the market
value of the shares acquired, whichever is greater. Where Irish stamp duty arises, it is generally a liability of the transferee. 

 Johnson
Controls shareholders will have no liability to account for Irish stamp duty in connection with the receipt of Adient ordinary shares pursuant to the distribution. 

 Irish
stamp duty may, depending on the manner in which the shares in Adient are held, be payable in respect of transfers of Adient ordinary shares after the separation. 

Shares Held Through DTC 

 It is expected that a transfer of Adient ordinary shares effected by means of the transfer of book entry interests in DTC will not be
subject to Irish stamp duty. On the basis that most of Adient's ordinary shares are expected to be held through DTC, it is anticipated that most transfers of ordinary shares will be exempt from Irish
stamp duty. 

Shares Held Outside of DTC or Transferred Into or Out of DTC 

 A transfer of Adient ordinary shares where any party to the transfer holds such shares outside of DTC may be subject to Irish stamp
duty. Shareholders wishing to transfer their shares into (or out of) DTC may do so without giving rise to Irish stamp duty provided that: 

 &#149; there is no change in the beneficial ownership of such shares as a result of the transfer; and 
 &#149; the transfer into (or out of) DTC is not effected in contemplation of a sale of such shares by a beneficial owner to a third party. 

 Due
to the potential Irish stamp charge on transfers of Adient ordinary shares held outside of DTC, it is strongly recommended that any person who wishes to acquire Adient ordinary
shares after the separation acquires such shares through DTC (or through a broker who in turn holds such shares through DTC). 

Withholding Tax on Dividends 

 Distributions made by Adient will, in the absence of one of many exemptions, be subject to Irish dividend withholding tax ("DWT") at a
rate of 20%. 

 For
DWT purposes, a distribution includes any distribution that may be made by Adient to its shareholders, including cash dividends, non-cash dividends and additional stock taken in lieu
of a cash dividend. Where an exemption does not apply in respect of a distribution made to a particular shareholder, Adient is responsible for withholding DWT prior to making such distribution. 

 196 

 Table of Contents 

General Exemptions 

 Irish domestic law provides that a non-Irish resident shareholder is not subject to DWT on dividends received from Adient if such
shareholder is beneficially entitled to the dividend and is either: 

 &#149; a person (not being a company) resident for tax purposes in a Relevant Territory (including the U.S.) and is neither resident nor
ordinarily resident in Ireland (for a list of Relevant Territories for DWT purposes, see Annex A to this information statement); 
 &#149; a company resident for tax purposes in a Relevant Territory, provided such company is not under the control, whether directly or
indirectly, of a person or persons who is or are resident in Ireland; 
 &#149; a company that is controlled, directly or indirectly, by persons resident in a Relevant Territory and who is or are (as the case may
be) not controlled by, directly or indirectly, persons who are not resident in a Relevant Territory; 
 &#149; a company, wherever resident, whose principal class of shares (or those of its 75% direct or indirect parent) is substantially and
regularly traded on a stock exchange in Ireland, on a recognized stock exchange in a Relevant Territory or on such other stock exchange approved by the Irish Minister for Finance; or 
 &#149; a company that is wholly owned, directly or indirectly, by two or more companies where the principal class of shares of each of such
companies is substantially and regularly traded on a stock exchange in Ireland, on a recognized stock exchange in a Relevant Territory or on such other stock exchange approved by the Irish Minister
for Finance; 

 and
provided, in all cases noted above (but subject to "&#151;Shares Held by U.S. Resident Shareholders" below), Adient or, in respect of shares held through DTC, any qualifying intermediary
appointed by Adient, has received from the shareholder, where required, the relevant DWT Forms prior to the payment of the dividend. In practice, in order to ensure sufficient time to process the
receipt of relevant DWT Forms, the shareholder where required should furnish the relevant DWT Forms to: 

 &#149; its broker (and the relevant information is further transmitted to Adient or any qualifying intermediary appointed by Adient) before
the record date for the dividend (or such later date before the dividend payment date as may be notified to the shareholder by the broker) if its shares are held through DTC, or 
 &#149; Adient's transfer agent at least seven business days before such record date if its shares are held outside of DTC. 

 Links
to the various DWT Forms are available at: http://www.revenue.ie/en/tax/dwt/forms/index.html. The information contained on this website is not incorporated by reference into this
information statement. 

 Shareholders
that are required to file DWT Forms in order to receive dividends free of DWT should note that such forms are generally valid, subject to a change in circumstances, until
December 31 of the fifth year after the year in which such forms were completed. 

 For
non-Irish resident shareholders that cannot avail themselves of one of Ireland's domestic law exemptions from DWT, it may be possible for such shareholders to rely on the provisions
of a double tax treaty to which Ireland is party to reduce the rate of DWT. 

Shares Held by U.S. Resident Shareholders 

 It is expected that dividends paid in respect of Adient ordinary shares that are owned by U.S. residents and held through DTC will not
be subject to DWT provided the address of the beneficial 

 197 

 Table of Contents 

 owner
of such shares in the records of the broker holding such shares is in the U.S. (and such broker has further transmitted the relevant information to a qualifying intermediary appointed by
Adient). It is strongly recommended that such shareholders ensure that their information is properly recorded by their brokers (so that such brokers can further transmit the relevant information to a
qualifying intermediary appointed by Adient). 

 It
is expected that dividends paid in respect of Adient ordinary shares that are held outside of DTC and are owned by a resident of the U.S. will not be subject to DWT if such
shareholder satisfies the conditions of one of the exemptions referred to above under the heading "&#151;General Exemptions," including the requirement to provide a completed IRS issued
Form 6166 or a valid DWT Form to Adient's transfer agent at least seven business days before the record date for the dividend to confirm its U.S. residence and claim an exemption. It is
strongly recommended that such shareholders complete the appropriate IRS Form 6166 or a DWT Form and provide it to Adient's transfer agent as soon as possible after acquiring their shares. 

 If
any shareholder that is resident in the U.S. receives a dividend from which DWT has been withheld, the shareholder should generally be entitled to apply for a refund of such DWT from
the Irish Revenue Commissioners, provided the shareholder is beneficially entitled to the dividend. 

Shares Held by Residents of "Relevant Territories" Other than the U.S. 

 Shareholders who are residents of Relevant Territories, other than the U.S., must satisfy the conditions of one of the exemptions
referred to above under the heading "&#151;General Exemptions," including the requirement to furnish valid DWT Forms, in order to receive dividends without suffering DWT. If such shareholders
hold their shares through DTC, they must provide the appropriate DWT Forms to their brokers (so that such brokers can further transmit the relevant information to a qualifying intermediary appointed
by Adient) before the record date for the dividend (or such later date before the dividend payment date as may be notified to the shareholder by the broker). If such shareholders hold their shares
outside of DTC, they must provide the appropriate DWT Forms to Adient's transfer agent at least seven business days before the record date for the dividend. It is strongly recommended that such
shareholders complete the appropriate DWT Forms and provide them to their brokers or Adient's transfer agent, as the case may be, as soon as possible. 

 If
any shareholder who is resident in a Relevant Territory receives a dividend from which DWT has been withheld, the shareholder may be entitled to a refund of DWT from the Irish Revenue
Commissioners provided the shareholder is beneficially entitled to the dividend. 

Shares Held by Residents of Ireland 

 Most Irish tax resident or ordinarily resident shareholders (other than Irish resident companies that have completed the appropriate
DWT Forms) will be subject to DWT in respect of dividends paid on Adient ordinary shares. 

 Shareholders
that are residents of Ireland, but are entitled to receive dividends without DWT, must complete the appropriate DWT Forms and provide them to their brokers (so that such
brokers can further transmit the relevant information to a qualifying intermediary appointed by Adient) before the record date for the dividend (or such later date before the dividend payment date as
may be notified to the shareholder by the broker) (in the case of shares held through DTC), or to Adient's transfer agent at least seven business days before the record date for the dividend (in the
case of shares held outside of DTC). 

 Adient
shareholders who are resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland or are otherwise subject to Irish tax should consult their own tax advisors. 

 198 

 Table of Contents 

Shares Held by Other Persons 

 Adient shareholders that do not fall within any of the categories specifically referred to above may nonetheless fall within other
exemptions from DWT. If any shareholders are exempt from DWT, but receive dividends subject to DWT, such shareholders may apply for refunds of such DWT from the Irish Revenue Commissioners. 

Qualifying Intermediary 

 Prior to paying any dividend, Adient will put in place an agreement with an entity that is recognized by the Irish Revenue
Commissioners as a "qualifying intermediary," which will provide for certain arrangements relating to distributions in respect of Adient ordinary shares that are held through DTC (the "Deposited
Securities"). The agreement will provide that the qualifying intermediary shall distribute or otherwise make available to Cede & Co., as nominee for DTC, any cash dividend or other cash
distribution with respect to the Deposited Securities after Adient delivers or causes to be delivered to the qualifying intermediary the cash to be distributed. 

 Adient
will rely on information received directly or indirectly from its qualifying intermediary, brokers and its transfer agent in determining where shareholders reside, whether they
have provided the required U.S. tax information and whether they have provided the required DWT Forms. 

Income Tax on Dividends Paid on Adient Shares 

 Irish income tax may arise for certain persons in respect of dividends received from Irish resident companies. 

 It
is the established practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners to treat any distribution that may arise in connection with a transfer of assets by way of demerger and a related issue
of ordinary shares by the transferee entity to holders of shares in the transferring entity as not being a distribution taxable as income in the hands of the relevant shareholder. Accordingly it is
expected that the distribution should not give rise to an Irish income tax liability for any holder of Johnson Controls ordinary shares. In addition, it is expected that there should be no requirement
for Johnson Controls to account for Irish dividend withholding tax in respect of the distribution. However, Johnson Controls will not seek a specific confirmation from the Irish Revenue Commissioners
in respect of the anticipated tax treatment of the distribution. 

 A
shareholder that is not resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland and that is entitled to an exemption from DWT generally has no liability to Irish income tax or the universal social
charge on a dividend from Adient. An exception to this position may apply where such shareholder holds Adient ordinary shares through a branch or agency in Ireland through which a trade is carried on. 

 A
shareholder that is not resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland and that is not entitled to an exemption from DWT generally has no additional Irish income tax liability or a
liability to the universal social charge. The DWT deducted by Adient discharges the liability to income tax. An exception to this position may apply where the shareholder holds Adient ordinary shares
through a branch or agency in Ireland through which a trade is carried on. 

 Irish
resident or ordinarily resident shareholders may be subject to Irish tax and (in the case of an individual) the universal social charge and/or Pay Related Social Insurance on
dividends received from Adient. Such shareholders should consult their own tax advisors. 

Capital Acquisitions Tax 

 Irish capital acquisitions tax, or CAT, comprises principally gift tax and inheritance tax. CAT could apply to a gift or inheritance of
Adient shares irrespective of the place of residence, ordinary residence 

 199 

 Table of Contents 

 or
domicile of the parties. This is because Adient ordinary shares are regarded as property situated in Ireland for Irish CAT purposes as the share register of Adient must be held in Ireland. The
person who receives the gift or inheritance has primary liability for CAT. 

 CAT
is levied at a rate of 33% above certain tax-free thresholds. The appropriate tax free threshold is dependent upon (i) the relationship between the donor and the donee and
(ii) the aggregation of the values of previous gifts and inheritances received by the donee from persons within the same group threshold. Gifts and inheritances passing between spouses of the
same marriage or civil partners of the same civil partnership are exempt from CAT. Children have a tax free threshold of 280,000 in respect of taxable gifts or inheritances received
from their parents. Adient shareholders should consult their own tax advisors as to whether CAT is creditable or deductible in computing any domestic tax liabilities. 

 There
is also a "small gift exemption" from CAT whereby the first 3,000 of the taxable value of all taxable gifts taken by a donee from any one donor, in each calendar
year, is exempt from CAT and is also excluded from any future aggregation. This exemption does not apply to an inheritance. 

 THE IRISH TAX CONSIDERATIONS SUMMARIZED ABOVE ARE FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY. JOHNSON CONTROLS SHAREHOLDERS AND ADIENT SHAREHOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR
TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE SEPARATION, THE DISTRIBUTION, AND THE OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSAL OF ADIENT ORDINARY SHARES. 

 200 

 Table of Contents 

 DESCRIPTION OF MATERIAL INDEBTEDNESS 

 In connection with the separation and distribution, Adient anticipates having approximately $3.5 billion of indebtedness upon
completion of the distribution. The $3.5 billion of indebtedness is expected to consist of $1.5 billion in borrowings under AGH's term loan and revolving credit facilities, also referred
to as the credit facilities, and $2.0 billion dollar equivalent of corporate bonds issued by AGH. Prior to the distribution, Adient and its affiliates plan to make cash transfers totaling
approximately $3.0 billion to Johnson Controls as described in "The Separation and Distribution&#151;Conditions to the Distribution." 

 The
principal terms of the credit facilities, and the expected terms of the notes to be issued, are described below. 

Credit Facilities 

 On July 27, 2016, AGH entered into the credit facilities with the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
administrative agent, providing for commitments with respect to the $1.5 billion Revolving Credit Facility and the $1.5 billion Term Loan A Facility. The credit facilities mature on
July 27, 2021. The full amount of the Term Loan A Facility and $750 million of the Revolving Credit Facility are available to AGH prior to the distribution date. 

 The credit facilities are currently guaranteed by Johnson Controls, Inc. and Johnson Controls International plc.

 Prior to the distribution date, the covenants, representations and warranties and events of default in the credit facilities are substantially identical to those in the Credit Agreement,
dated as of March 10, 2016, among Johnson Controls, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other parties thereto. We refer to this agreement as the
"successor credit agreement." The loans made under the credit facilities currently bear interest at the same rate as loans made under the successor JCI credit agreement.

 On
the distribution date, Adient and certain of its wholly owned U.S. and English subsidiaries, or the credit agreement guarantors, will guarantee the credit facilities, and the
guarantees of Johnson Controls, Inc. and Johnson Controls International plc will automatically be released. In addition, a wholly owned U.S. subsidiary of AGH will be added as a
subsidiary borrower under the Revolving Credit Facility. On the distribution date, the credit facilities are expected to be secured by a security interest in substantially all of the assets of AGH,
the subsidiary borrower and the credit agreement guarantors, subject to certain exceptions. Following the distribution, the grant of such security interests and guarantees and the satisfaction of
certain other conditions, the full amount of the Revolving Credit Facility will become available for borrowing. 

 Following
the distribution date, the credit facilities will bear interest, at AGH's election, based on either LIBOR or a base rate calculated by the administrative agent in accordance
with the credit facilities. LIBOR loans will accrue interest at a rate of LIBOR plus a margin of 1.25-2.25% (determined based on Adient's total net leverage ratio). Base rate loans will bear interest
at the base rate plus a margin of 0.25-1.25% (determined based on Adient's total net leverage ratio). Commencing June 30, 2017 (or if the distribution occurs prior to December 31, 2016,
the last day of the first full fiscal quarter after the distribution) the Term Loan A Facility will require quarterly amortization payments of 0.625% of the original principal amount thereof in the
first year following the closing of the credit facilities, 1.25% of the original principal amount thereof in the second and third years following the closing of the credit facilities, and 2.50% of the
original principal amount thereof thereafter. The Term Loan A Facility will also require mandatory prepayments in connection with certain non-ordinary course asset sales and insurance recovery and
condemnation events, among other things, and subject in each case to certain significant exceptions. Prior to the distribution date, AGH 

 201 

 Table of Contents 

 may
be required to pay a 0.25% per annum commitment fee on the unused portions of the committed loans under the credit facilities. Following the distribution date and the satisfaction of certain other
conditions, AGH will pay a commitment fee on the unused portion of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility based on the total net leverage ratio of Adient, ranging from 0.15% to 0.35%. 

 Following
the distribution date, the credit facilities will contain covenants that include, among other things and subject to certain significant exceptions, restrictions on Adient's
ability to declare or pay dividends, make certain payments in respect of the notes, create liens, incur additional indebtedness, make investments, engage in transactions with affiliates, enter into
agreements restricting Adient's subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends, dispose of assets and merge or consolidate with any other person. In addition, following the distribution date, the credit
facilities will contain a financial maintenance covenant requiring Adient to maintain a total net leverage ratio equal to or less than 3.50 to 1.00, tested on a quarterly basis. 

 In
addition, at AGH's option, AGH may assign and novate its obligations under the credit facilities to a wholly owned direct or indirect subsidiary of (i) prior to the date of the
distribution, AGH or (ii) from and after the date of the distribution, Adient, in each case organized under the laws of England and Wales to whom AGH has transferred or intends to promptly commence
transferring all or substantially all of its assets, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, whereupon such subsidiary shall become a borrower for all purposes of the credit facilities and
AGH will be automatically released from any obligations as borrower under the credit facilities. 

Senior Unsecured Notes 

 On August 19, 2016, AGH issued $900,000,000 of 4.875% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2026 (the "dollar notes") and
 1,000,000,000 of 3.50% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2024 (the "euro notes" and together with the dollar notes, the "notes"). The notes are AGH's unsecured, unsubordinated obligations
and are senior in right of payment to all obligations of AGH that are subordinated to the notes. Secured debt and other secured obligations of AGH (including obligations with respect to the credit
facilities) are effectively senior to the notes to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt or other obligations. AGH offered and sold the notes in a private placement to qualified
institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act and to non-U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act.

 The indenture governing the dollar notes (the "Dollar Notes Indenture") and the indenture governing the euro notes (the "Euro Notes Indenture" and together with the Dollar Notes
Indenture, the "Indentures") provide that at any time from and after the issue date of the notes, at the option of AGH, (i) a subsidiary of (prior to the distribution date) AGH (A) all
the capital stock of which (other than directors' qualifying shares or shares required pursuant to applicable law) is owned by AGH or another wholly owned subsidiary of AGH and (B) that was
formed under the laws of England and Wales and (ii) a wholly owned English subsidiary of (from and after the distribution date) Adient, in each case, to whom AGH has transferred or intends to
promptly commence transferring all or substantially all of its assets (the "Successor Issuer"), may assume all obligations of AGH under the Indentures and the notes pursuant to a supplemental
indenture to the applicable Indenture, at which time AGH will be automatically released from any obligations as issuer under the Indentures and the notes, subject to certain conditions to be described
in the Indentures (an "Issuer Assumption"). From
and after the date of an Issuer Assumption, the Successor Issuer shall be considered the issuer for all purposes of each Indenture.

 The notes were not guaranteed upon issuance. On or prior to the Release Date (as defined below), the notes initially will be guaranteed on an unsecured and unsubordinated basis by each
person (other than the Initially Excluded U.S. Subsidiaries (as defined below)) that is (or will be) a wholly owned restricted subsidiary of Adient that is incorporated or organized under the laws of
the United

 202 

 Table of Contents 

 States
of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia (but not any territory thereof) which guarantees (or will guarantee) AGH's obligations as borrower under the credit facilities on the
date of the distribution (collectively, the "Initial U.S. Subsidiary Guarantors"). 

 Within 10 business days following the completion of the distribution, the notes will also be guaranteed on an unsecured and unsubordinated basis by (i) Adient, (ii) each
person that is (or will be) a wholly owned restricted subsidiary of Adient (other than the issuer) that is formed under the laws of England and Wales which guarantees (or will guarantee) the
obligations of the issuer as borrower under the credit facilities on the date of the distribution (collectively, the "Initial English Subsidiary Guarantors"), and (iii) each person that is (or
will be) a wholly owned restricted subsidiary of Adient (A) that is incorporated or organized under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia (but
not any territory thereof) which guarantees (or will guarantee) the obligations of the issuer as borrower under the credit facilities on the date of the distribution and (B) that is, on the
Release Date, (1) incorporated or organized under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia (but not any territory thereof) and that owns no
material assets (directly or through subsidiaries) other than the capital stock of one or more foreign subsidiaries of Johnson Controls, Inc. (or, if the merger of Johnson Controls, Inc.
with an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Tyco has been consummated, Johnson Controls International plc) that are CFCs (as defined below) or (2) a subsidiary of a foreign subsidiary of
Johnson Controls, Inc. (or, if the merger of Johnson Controls, Inc. with an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Tyco has been consummated, Johnson Controls International plc) that
is a "controlled foreign corporation" ("CFC") within the meaning of section 957(a) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (or any successor provision thereto) (collectively, the "Initially
Excluded U.S. Subsidiaries").

 Following the completion of the distribution, any of Adient's other existing or future wholly owned restricted subsidiaries (other than the issuer) that are (i) formed under the
laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia (but not any territory thereof), or (ii) formed under the laws of England and Wales, and in each case that
guarantee (or becomes a co-obligor on) certain indebtedness of any of Adient, the issuer or any restricted subsidiary formed under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the
District of Columbia (but not any territory thereof) or under the laws of England and Wales, will also be required to guarantee the notes on an unsecured and unsubordinated basis.

 The
notes will be effectively subordinated to the claims of creditors, including trade creditors, and preferred stockholders, if any, of Adient's subsidiaries that do not guarantee the
notes. 

 On August 19, 2016, concurrently with its entry into the Dollar Notes Indenture and the Euro Notes Indenture, AGH entered into a Dollar Notes Escrow Agreement and a Euro Notes
Escrow Agreement, both among U.S. Bank National Association, as escrow agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and AGH, pursuant to which the issuer deposited into escrow accounts an amount
that would be sufficient to redeem the notes in full at 100% of the issue price of the notes plus an amount equal to the interest that would accrue on the notes to, but excluding, the date that is one
month and four business days following the issue date. Thereafter, the issuer may deposit or cause to be deposited in the escrow accounts additional amounts that, together with all amounts then
existing in the escrow accounts, would be sufficient to redeem the notes in full at 100% of the issue price of the notes plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid interest. The release of the
escrowed funds will be subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including receipt by the escrow agent of a certificate of a responsible officer of the issuer prior to the occurrence of a
Special Mandatory Redemption Event (as defined below) requesting release of the escrowed funds (the date of such release being the "Release Date").

 If (i) the escrow agent has not received such a request on or prior to the earlier of (A) June 30, 2017 and (B) within five business days of the date any
additional amount is required to be deposited in

 203 

 Table of Contents 

the applicable escrow account, or (ii) the issuer notifies the escrow agent and the trustee in writing that Johnson Controls International plc is no longer pursuing the distribution (any
such event being a "Special Mandatory Redemption Event"), then the escrow agreements will provide that the escrow agent will release to the trustee all escrowed funds then held by it and the issuer
will redeem the aggregate principal amount of the notes outstanding at a redemption price equal to 100% of the issue price of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest from the issue date, or the
most recent date on which interest has been paid or provided for, to, but not including, such redemption date.

 In addition, in the event the Release Date has occurred and either (i) the date of the distribution does not occur prior to July 5, 2017 or (ii) prior to
July 5, 2017, the issuer notifies the escrow agent and the trustee in writing that Johnson Controls International plc is no longer pursuing the distribution, the Indentures require the
issuer to redeem the aggregate principal amount of the notes outstanding at a redemption price equal to 101% of the issue price of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest from the issue date, or
the most recent date on which interest has been paid or provided for, to, but not including, such redemption date.

 The Dollar Notes Indenture provides that:

 (i) on
or after August 15, 2021, the issuer may redeem the dollar notes, in whole or in part, at the redemption prices to be specified in the Dollar Notes Indenture
plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date; 

 (ii) prior
to August 15, 2021, the issuer may at its option redeem the dollar notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount, plus
accrued and unpaid interest, to, but not including, the redemption date, plus a "make-whole" premium; and 

 (iii) prior
to August 15, 2019, the issuer may, on one or more occasions, redeem up to a maximum 40% of the original aggregate principal amount of the dollar notes
with the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 104.875%. 

 The Euro Notes Indenture provides that:

 (i) prior
to May 15, 2024, the issuer may at its option redeem the euro notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount, plus
accrued and unpaid interest, to, but not including, the redemption date, plus a "make-whole" premium; and 

 (ii) on
or after May 15, 2024, the issuer may redeem the euro notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such euro
notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. 

 Further, the Indentures provide that upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event (to be defined in the applicable Indenture), each holder will have the right to require
the issuer to purchase all or any part of such holder's notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date
of purchase.

 Subject to certain qualifications and exceptions, the Indentures limit the ability of Adient, the issuer and their restricted subsidiaries to, among other things, (i) incur
certain liens and engage in certain sale/leaseback transactions and (ii) in the case of the issuer, Adient and any other guarantor, merge or consolidate with any other person or convey,
transfer or lease all or substantially all of its assets to any person.

 The Indentures also provide for certain events of default (subject, in certain cases, to receipt of notice of default and/or customary grace or cure periods), including, but not limited
to, (i) failure to pay interest or additional amounts when due, (ii) failure to pay principal when due, (iii) failure of the issuer or any guarantor to comply with any of its
agreements in the applicable Indenture, (iv) failure by Adient, the issuer or any significant subsidiary to pay any indebtedness (subject to certain exceptions)

 204 

 Table of Contents 

 within
any applicable grace period after final maturity or the acceleration thereof if the total amount of such indebtedness unpaid or accelerated exceeds $200.0 million and (v) certain
specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of Adient, the issuer or any significant subsidiary. 

Other Short-Term and Long-Term Debt 

 The short-term and long-term debt recorded in the combined financial statements is related directly to arrangements between Adient and
third parties, and is not related to an intercompany arrangement between Adient and Johnson Controls. 

 205 

 Table of Contents 

 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

 Before the separation, all of the outstanding Adient ordinary shares will be owned beneficially and of record by an Irish corporate
services provider. Following the distribution, Adient expects to have outstanding an aggregate of approximately 93.5 million ordinary shares based upon approximately 935 million shares
of Johnson Controls outstanding on September 12, 2016,
excluding treasury shares and assuming no exercise of Johnson Controls stock options, and applying the distribution ratio of one ordinary share of Adient for every ten shares of Johnson Controls.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 

 The following table reports the number of Adient ordinary shares that Adient expects will be beneficially owned, immediately following
the completion of the distribution, by each person who will beneficially own more than five percent of Adient ordinary shares. The table is based upon information available as of September 12,
2016 as to those persons who beneficially own more than five percent of Johnson Controls shares and an assumption that, for every ten shares of Johnson Controls held by such persons, they will receive
one Adient ordinary share.

 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner

 Number of Ordinary 
Shares Beneficially Owned(1) 
 
 Percent of Class 

 T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.(2) 
100 E. Pratt Street 
Baltimore, Maryland 21202 

 7,705,976 

 8.2 
 % 

 BlackRock Inc.(3) 
55 East 52nd Street 
New York, NY 10055 

 5,775,145 

 6.2 
 % 

 The Vanguard Group(4) 
100 Vanguard Boulevard 
Malvern, PA 19355 

 5,247,074 

 5.6 
 % 

 (1) The
merger of Johnson Controls, Inc. with an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Tyco International plc occurred after the dates that the shareholders
listed above disclosed their ownership of Johnson Controls, Inc. common stock and Tyco International plc ordinary shares. For purposes of this table, holdings of Adient have been estimated based on
the projected ownership of Johnson Controls ordinary shares following the merger and the distribution ratio. To determine the projected ownership of Johnson Controls ordinary shares, the number of
shares of Johnson Controls, Inc. common stock reported to be held by each shareholder was multiplied by the prorated exchange ratio of 0.8357, and the number of ordinary shares of Tyco was multiplied
by the share consolidation ratio of 0.955.

 (2) Based
solely on information in (i) a Schedule 13G for Johnson Controls, Inc. filed with the SEC by T. Rowe Price
Associates, Inc. on February 12, 2016, which reported that, as of December 31, 2015, T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. is the beneficial owner of 40,279,352 shares with sole
voting power as to 12,907,877 shares and sole dispositive power as to 40,236,452 shares; and (ii) a Schedule 13G/A for Tyco International plc filed with the SEC by T. Rowe Price
Associates, Inc. on February 10, 2016, which reported that, as of December 31, 2015, T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. is the beneficial owner of 45,441,481 shares with sole
voting power as to 13,608,886 shares and sole dispositive power as to 45,390,031 shares.

 (3) Based
solely on information in (i) a Schedule 13G for Johnson Controls, Inc. filed with the SEC by BlackRock Inc. on
January 28, 2016, which reported that, as of December 31, 2015, BlackRock Inc. is the beneficial owner of 34,855,234 shares with sole voting power as to 28,957,590 shares, shared
voting power as to 59,788 shares, sole dispositive power as to 34,795,446 shares and shared dispositive power as to 59,788 shares; and (ii) a Schedule 13G/A for Tyco
International plc

 206 

 Table of Contents 

 filed
with the SEC by BlackRock Inc. on January 27, 2016, which reported that, as of December 31, 2015, BlackRock Inc. is the beneficial owner of 29,970,122 shares with
sole voting power as to 26,474,904 shares and sole dispositive power as to 29,970,122 shares.

 (4) Based
solely on information in (i) a Schedule 13G/A for Johnson Controls, Inc. filed with the SEC by The Vanguard Group on
February 10, 2016, which reported that, as of December 31, 2015, The Vanguard Group is the beneficial owner of 36,059,681 shares with sole voting power as 1,204,140 shares, shared voting
power as to 65,500 shares, sole dispositive power as to 34,783,587 shares and shared dispositive power as to 1,276,094 shares; and (ii) a Schedule 13G/A for Tyco International plc
filed with the SEC by The Vanguard Group on February 10, 2016, which reported that, as of December 31, 2015, The Vanguard Group is the beneficial owner of 23,386,544 shares with sole
voting power as 793,558 shares, shared voting power as to 42,800 shares, sole dispositive power as to 22,550,001 shares and shared dispositive power as to 836,543 shares.

Share Ownership of Executive Officers and Directors 

 The following table sets forth information, immediately following the completion of the separation calculated as of
September 12, 2016, based upon the distribution of one Adient ordinary share for every ten shares of Johnson Controls, regarding (1) each expected director, director nominee and named
executive officer of Adient and (2) all of Adient's expected directors and executive officers as a group. The address of each director, director nominee and executive officer shown in the table
below is c/o Adient, Attn: Corporate Secretary, 833 East Michigan Street, Suite 1100, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202. None of these persons beneficially own more than 1% of Adient's ordinary shares.

 Name of Beneficial Owner

 Shares 
Beneficially 
Owned(1) 
 
 Exercisable 
Stock 
Options(2) 

 John M. Barth 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Julie L. Bushman 

 1,162 

 &#151; 

 Raymond L. Conner 

 555 

 &#151; 

 Richard Goodman 

 376 

 &#151; 

 Frederick A. Henderson 

 4 

 &#151; 

 Neil E. Marchuk 

 8 

 &#151; 

 R. Bruce McDonald 

 78,394 

 76,670 

 Barb J. Samardzich 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Jeffrey M. Stafeil 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 All directors and officers as a group (13 persons) 

 95,303 

 86,324 

 (1) The
balance includes: (a) all shares over which the person holds or shares voting and/or investment power; and (b) the amount shown, if any,
for such person in the "Exercisable Stock Options" column.

 (2) Reflects
options to purchase common stock exercisable within 60 days. These amounts are included in the amount in the "Shares Beneficially Owned"
column.

 207 

 Table of Contents 

 DESCRIPTION OF ADIENT'S SHARE CAPITAL 

 Adient's memorandum and articles of association will be amended and restated prior to the separation. The
following is a summary of the material terms of Adient's share capital that will be contained in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. The summaries and descriptions below
do not purport to be complete statements of the relevant provisions of the memorandum and articles of association to be in effect at the time of the distribution, which you must read (along with the
applicable provisions of Irish law) for complete information on Adient's share capital as of the time of the distribution. The memorandum and articles of association, in a form expected to be in
effect at the time of the distribution, are included as an exhibit to Adient's registration statement on Form 10, of which this information statement forms a part. The summaries and
descriptions below do not purport to be complete statements of the Irish Companies Act 2014, or the Irish Companies Act. 

Legal Name; Formation; Fiscal Year; Registered Office 

 The current legal name of Adient is Adient Limited. Adient was incorporated in Ireland on June 24, 2016 as a private
limited company, but will be re-registered as a public limited company before the distribution. Adient's fiscal year ends on September 30 each year. Adient's registered office address is 25-28
North Wall Quay, IFSC, Dublin 1, Ireland. 

Share Capital 

 The rights of and restrictions applicable to the Adient ordinary shares will be prescribed in Adient's articles of association, subject
to the Irish Companies Act. 

 Adient
expects that its authorized share capital will consist of 25,000 euro deferred shares with a par value of 1.00 per share, 500,000,000 ordinary shares with
a par value of $0.001 per share and 100,000,000 preferred shares with a par value of $0.001 per share. The authorized share capital will include 25,000 euro deferred shares with a par value of
 1.00 per share in order to satisfy minimum statutory requirements for all Irish public limited companies commencing operations. These euro deferred shares will carry no voting or
dividend rights. All outstanding euro deferred shares, together with the ordinary share held by the current nominee shareholder of Adient, will be acquired and canceled by Adient for no consideration
contemporaneously with the distribution being effected. 

 As of September 12, 2016, Adient employees held, in the aggregate, (i) options with respect to 2,356,858 shares of Johnson Controls, (ii) stock appreciation rights
with respect to 793,049 shares of Johnson Controls, (iii) restricted stock unit awards with respect to 1,101,340 shares of Johnson Controls and (iv) performance share unit awards with
respect to 84,410 shares of Johnson Controls.

 Adient estimates that its directors and executive officers, who may be considered "affiliates" for purposes of Rule 144, will beneficially own approximately 95,303 ordinary
shares of Adient immediately following the distribution.

 As
a matter of Irish company law, the directors of a company may cause the company to issue new ordinary or preferred shares without shareholder approval once authorized to do so by the
articles of association of the company or by an ordinary resolution adopted by the shareholders at a general
meeting. An ordinary resolution requires over 50% of the votes of a company's shareholders cast at a general meeting (in person or by proxy). The authority conferred can be granted for a maximum
period of five years, at which point it must be renewed by the shareholders of the company by an ordinary resolution. The articles of association of Adient will authorize the board of directors of
Adient to issue new ordinary or preferred shares without shareholder approval for a period of five years from the date of adoption of the amended and restated articles of association (subject to the
limits provided for in the NYSE Listed Company Manual). 

 208 

 Table of Contents 

 The
authorized share capital may be increased or reduced by way of an ordinary resolution of Adient's shareholders, but not below the number of shares then outstanding. The shares
comprising the authorized share capital of Adient may be divided into shares of such par value as the resolution prescribes. 

 The
rights and restrictions to which the ordinary shares will be subject will be prescribed in Adient's articles of association. Adient's articles of association will entitle the board
of directors, without shareholder approval, to determine the terms of any preferred shares issued by Adient. Preferred shares may be preferred as to dividends, rights on a winding up or voting in such
manner as the directors of Adient may resolve. The preferred shares may also be redeemable at the option of the holder of the preferred shares or at the option of Adient, and may be convertible into
or exchangeable for shares of any other class or classes of Adient, depending on the terms of such preferred shares. The issuance of preferred shares is subject to applicable law, including the Irish
Takeover Rules. 

 Irish
law does not recognize fractional shares held of record; accordingly, Adient's articles of association will not provide for the issuance of fractional ordinary shares of Adient,
and the official Irish register of Adient will not reflect any fractional ordinary shares. 

Preemption Rights, Share Warrants and Share Options 

 The Irish Companies Act automatically grants certain preemptive rights on the issue of shares of Adient. However, Adient's articles of
association will disapply the statutory preemption rights for issues of shares up to the number of shares authorized for allotment in Adient's articles of association as permitted under Irish company
law. Irish law requires this disapplication to be renewed at least every five years by special resolution, and it is the intention of Adient to seek such renewal at least every five years. A special
resolution requires not less than 75% of the votes of
Adient's shareholders cast at a general meeting (in person or by proxy). If the disapplication is not renewed, shares issued for cash must be offered to existing shareholders of Adient on a pro rata
basis to their existing shareholding before the shares can be issued to any new shareholders. 

 Statutory
preemption rights do not apply (i) where shares are issued for non-cash consideration (such as in a stock-for-stock acquisition), (ii) to the issue of non-equity
shares (that is, shares that have the right to participate only up to a specified amount in any income or capital distribution) or (iii) where shares are issued pursuant to an employee stock
option or similar equity plan. 

 The
articles of association of Adient will provide that, subject to any shareholder approval requirement under any laws, regulations or the rules of any stock exchange to which Adient is
subject, the board is authorized, from time to time, in its discretion, to grant such persons, for such periods and upon such terms as the board deems advisable, options to purchase such number of
shares of any class or classes or of any series of any class as the board may deem advisable, and to cause warrants or other appropriate instruments evidencing such options to be issued. The Irish
Companies Act provides that directors may issue share warrants or options without shareholder approval once authorized to do so by the articles of association or an ordinary resolution of
shareholders. Under Irish law, the board may issue shares upon exercise of validly issued warrants or options without shareholder approval or authorization. However, the rules of the NYSE require
shareholder approval of certain equity compensation plans. 

Dividends 

 Under Irish law, dividends and distributions may be made only from "distributable reserves" of Adient. Distributable reserves are the
accumulated realized profits of Adient that have not previously been utilized in a distribution or capitalization less accumulated realized losses that have not previously been written off in a
reduction or reorganization of capital, and include reserves created by way of a 

 209 

 Table of Contents 

 reduction
of capital, including the share premium account. In addition, no distribution or dividend may be made unless the net assets of Adient are equal to, or exceed, the aggregate of Adient's share
capital which has been paid up or which is payable in the future plus non-distributable reserves, and the distribution does not reduce Adient's net assets below such aggregate. Non-distributable
reserves include the share premium account, the capital redemption reserve fund and the amount by which Adient's accumulated unrealized profits that have not previously been utilized by any
capitalization
exceed Adient's accumulated unrealized losses that have not previously been written off in a reduction or reorganization of capital. 

 The
determination as to whether or not Adient has sufficient distributable reserves to fund a dividend must be made by reference to the "relevant accounts" of Adient. The "relevant
accounts" will be either the last set of unconsolidated annual audited financial statements or unaudited financial statements prepared in accordance with the Irish Companies Act, which give a "true
and fair view" of Adient's unconsolidated financial position and accord with accepted accounting practice. The relevant accounts must be filed in the Companies Registration Office (the official public
registry for companies in Ireland). 

 Immediately
following the separation and distribution, Adient will not have any distributable reserves. Adient will therefore not have the ability to pay dividends (or make other forms
of distributions) immediately following the distribution until it obtains the approvals described below or creates distributable reserves as a result of the profitable operation of its business. See
"Risk Factors" and "Dividend Policy&#151;Creation of Distributable Reserves." 

 Following
the distribution, Adient expects to capitalize the reserve created pursuant to the internal restructuring transactions related to the distribution and implement a parallel
court-approved reduction of that capital in order to create a reserve of an equivalent amount of distributable reserves to support the payment of possible future dividends or future share repurchases.
The current nominee shareholder of Adient is expected to pass a resolution that would (subject to the approval of the High Court of Ireland) create distributable reserves following the distribution by
converting to distributable reserves up to all of the share premium of Adient. To complete this process, Adient will seek the approval of the High Court of Ireland, which is required for the creation
of distributable reserves to be effective, as soon as practicable following the distribution. The approval of the High Court of Ireland is expected to be obtained within approximately two months of
the consummation of the distribution, but is dependent on a number of factors, such as the case load of the High Court of Ireland at the time of Adient's initial application, and court vacations. 

 The
mechanism as to who declares a dividend and when a dividend becomes payable will be governed by Adient's articles of association. Adient's articles of association will authorize
Adient's board of directors to declare such dividends as appear justified from the financial position of Adient (which are commonly referred to as interim dividends) without the approval of the
shareholders at a general meeting. The board of directors may also recommend a dividend to be approved and declared by the shareholders at a general meeting. The board of directors may direct that the
payment be made by distribution of assets, shares or cash, and no dividend issued may exceed the amount recommended by the directors. The dividends can be declared and paid in the form of assets,
shares or cash. 

 The
directors of Adient may deduct from any dividend payable to any shareholder all sums of money (if any) payable by such shareholder to Adient in relation to the ordinary shares of
Adient. 

 The
directors of Adient are also entitled to issue shares with preferred rights to participate in dividends declared by Adient. The holders of such preferred shares may, depending on
their terms, be entitled to claim arrears of a declared dividend out of subsequently declared dividends in priority to ordinary shareholders. 

 210 

 Table of Contents 

 For
information about the Irish tax issues relating to dividend payments, see "Material Tax Consequences&#151;Material Irish Tax Consequences." 

Share Repurchases and Redemptions 

Overview 

 Adient's articles of association will provide that any ordinary share which Adient has acquired or agreed to acquire will be deemed a
redeemable share. Accordingly, for Irish company law purposes, the repurchase of ordinary shares by Adient will technically be effected as a redemption of those shares, as described under
"&#151;Repurchases and Redemptions by Adient." If Adient's articles of association did not provide that any ordinary share which Adient has acquired or agreed to acquire will be deemed a
redeemable share, then repurchases by Adient would be subject to many of the same rules that apply to purchases of Adient ordinary shares by subsidiaries described under "&#151;Purchases by
Subsidiaries of Adient," including the shareholder approval requirements described below and the requirement that any on-market purchases be effected on a "recognized stock exchange." Except where
otherwise indicated, when this information statement refers to repurchasing or buying back ordinary shares of Adient, it is referring to the redemption of ordinary shares by Adient pursuant to the
articles of association or the purchase of ordinary shares of Adient by a subsidiary of Adient, in each case in accordance with the Adient articles of association and Irish company law as described
below. 

Repurchases and Redemptions by Adient 

 Under Irish law, a company can issue redeemable shares and redeem them out of distributable reserves (which are described under
"&#151;Dividends") or the proceeds of a new issue of shares for that purpose. Although Adient will not have any distributable reserves immediately following the distribution, it is taking steps
to create such distributable reserves. See "Risk Factors" and "Dividend Policy&#151;Creation of Distributable Reserves." The issue of redeemable shares may be made only by Adient where the
nominal value of the issued share capital that is not redeemable is not less than 10% of the nominal value of the total issued share capital of Adient. All redeemable shares must also be fully paid
and the terms of redemption of the shares must provide for payment on redemption. Redeemable shares may, upon redemption, be cancelled or held in treasury. Shareholder approval will not be required to
redeem Adient ordinary shares pursuant to Adient's articles of association. 

 The
board of directors of Adient will also be entitled to issue preferred shares which may be redeemed at the option of either Adient or the shareholder, depending on the terms of such
preferred shares. For additional information on redeemable shares, see "&#151;Share Capital." 

 Repurchased
and redeemed shares may be cancelled or held as treasury shares. The nominal value of treasury shares held by Adient at any time must not exceed 10% of the nominal value of
the issued share capital of Adient. While Adient holds shares as treasury shares, it cannot exercise any voting rights in respect of those shares. Treasury shares may be cancelled by Adient or
re-issued subject to certain conditions. 

Purchases by Subsidiaries of Adient 

 Under Irish law, it may be permissible for an Irish or non-Irish subsidiary to purchase ordinary shares of Adient either on-market or
off-market. A general authority of the shareholders of Adient is required to allow a subsidiary of Adient to make on-market purchases of Adient ordinary shares. As long as this general authority has
been granted, no specific shareholder authority for a particular on-market purchase by a subsidiary of Adient ordinary shares is required. It is expected that Adient will seek such general authority,
which must expire no later than five years after the date on which it was granted, at the first annual general meeting of Adient and at subsequent annual general meetings. In 

 211 

 Table of Contents 

 order
for a subsidiary of Adient to make an on-market purchase of Adient's ordinary shares, such shares must be purchased on a "recognized stock exchange." The NYSE, on which the ordinary shares of
Adient are expected be listed following the distribution, is specified as a recognized stock exchange for this purpose by Irish company law. For an off-market purchase by a subsidiary of Adient, the
proposed purchase contract must be authorized by special resolution of the shareholders of Adient before the contract is entered into. The person whose shares are to be bought back cannot vote in
favor of the special resolution and, for at least 21 days prior to the special resolution, the purchase contract must be on display or must be available for inspection by shareholders at the
registered office of Adient. 

 The
number of shares held by the subsidiaries of Adient at any time will count as treasury shares and will be included in any calculation of the permitted treasury share threshold of 10%
of the nominal value of the issued share capital of Adient. While a subsidiary holds ordinary shares of Adient, it cannot exercise any voting rights in respect of those shares. The acquisition of the
ordinary shares of Adient by a subsidiary must be funded out of distributable reserves of the subsidiary. 

Bonus Shares 

 Under Adient's articles of association, the board will be able to resolve to capitalize any amount credited to any reserve or fund
available for distribution or the share premium account or any other non-distributable reserve of Adient through the issuance of fully paid-up bonus shares to shareholders on the same basis of
entitlement as would apply in respect of a dividend distribution. 

Consolidation and Division; Subdivision 

 Under the Irish Companies Act and Adient's articles of association, Adient's ordinary shares may be consolidated or divided into shares
of larger par value than its existing shares or subdivided into smaller amounts than is fixed by its articles of association by ordinary resolution (or as otherwise determined by the board). 

Reduction of Share Capital 

 Adient will be able, by ordinary resolution, to reduce its authorized but unissued share capital in any way. Adient also will be able,
by special resolution and subject to confirmation by the High Court of Ireland, to reduce or cancel its issued share capital (which includes share premium) in any way. The creation of distributable
reserves discussed in "Dividend Policy&#151;Creation of Distributable Reserves" involves a reduction of share capital, namely the share premium account of Adient, for purposes of Irish law. 

Annual General Meetings of Shareholders 

 Adient will be required to hold an annual general meeting within 18 months of incorporation and at intervals of no more than
15 months thereafter, provided that an annual general meeting is held in each calendar year following the first annual general meeting. Adient's articles of association will provide that the
Adient board of directors may convene general meetings of the shareholders at any place they so designate. 

 The
notice of the general meeting must state the time, date and place of the meeting and the general nature of the business to be dealt with and must be given to all shareholders of
Adient and to the auditors of Adient. Under Irish law, an annual general meeting must be called by at least 21 days' notice in writing. The notice period can be shortened, but only with the consent of
the auditors of Adient and all of the shareholders entitled to attend and vote at such meeting. A meeting other than the annual general meeting must be called by not less than 21 days' notice in
writing to approve a 

 212 

 Table of Contents 

 special
resolution and 14 days' notice in writing for any other extraordinary general meeting, but this too can be longer or shorter if the consent of the auditors and shareholders is obtained. 

 The
only matters which must, as a matter of Irish law, be transacted at an annual general meeting are the presentation of the annual accounts, balance sheet and reports of the directors
and auditors, the appointment of auditors, the fixing of the auditor's remuneration (or delegation of same) and review by
the members of the affairs of Adient. If no resolution is made in respect of the reappointment of an auditor at an annual general meeting, the previous auditor will be deemed to have continued in
office. 

Extraordinary General Meetings of Shareholders 

 Adient's articles of association will provide that extraordinary general meetings of shareholders may be convened by order of the
Adient board of directors. In addition, the Irish Companies Act requires the Adient board of directors, if it receives a written request from registered shareholders representing at least 10% of the
paid-up share capital of Adient carrying voting rights, who we refer to as the requisitioners, within 21 days of the receipt of the requisition to proceed to call an extraordinary general
meeting. An extraordinary general meeting may also be called on requisition of Adient's auditors. Extraordinary general meetings are generally held for the purposes of approving shareholder
resolutions of Adient as may be required from time to time. 

 In
the case of an extraordinary general meeting convened by shareholders of Adient, the proposed purpose of the meeting must be set out in the requisition notice. This meeting must be
held within two months of the receipt of the requisition notice. If the board of directors does not convene the meeting within the statutory 21-day period, the requisitioners, or any of them
representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves convene a meeting, which meeting must be held within three months of the receipt of the requisition notice. 

 If
the directors become aware that the net assets of Adient are half or less of the amount of Adient's called-up share capital, the directors of Adient must convene an extraordinary
general meeting of Adient's shareholders not later than 28 days from the date that they learn of this fact. This meeting must be convened for the purposes of considering whether any, and if so
what, measures should be taken to address the situation. 

Proxy Access 

 Adient will provide proxy access rights in its articles of association. Adient's articles of association will provide that, in certain
circumstances, a shareholder or group of up to 20 shareholders may include director candidates that they have nominated in Adient's annual general meeting proxy materials. Such shareholder or group of
shareholders will need to own 3% or more of Adient's outstanding ordinary shares continuously for at least three years. The number of shareholder-nominated candidates appearing in any of Adient's
annual general meeting proxy materials will not exceed the greater of 2 and 20% of the number of directors then serving on Adient's board,
rounded down to the nearest whole number, subject to reduction in certain circumstances, including where shareholders have nominated candidates for election at the same meeting outside the proxy
access process. The nominating shareholder or group of shareholders will also be required to deliver certain information and undertakings, and each nominee will be required to meet certain
qualifications, as described in more detail in the articles of association. 

Voting 

 All resolutions at an annual general meeting or other general meeting will be decided on a poll. Where a vote is to be taken at a
general meeting, every shareholder will have one vote for each 

 213 

 Table of Contents 

ordinary share that he or she holds as of the record date for the meeting. Voting rights may be exercised by shareholders registered in Adient's share register as of the record date for the meeting or
by a duly appointed proxy of such a registered shareholder, which proxy need not be a shareholder. Where interests in shares are held by a nominee trust company, this company may exercise the rights
of the beneficial holders on their behalf as their proxy. All proxies must be appointed in the manner prescribed by the Irish Companies Act. Adient's articles of association will permit the
appointment of proxies by the shareholders to be notified to Adient electronically or telephonically. Treasury shares and shares held by subsidiaries will not be entitled to a vote at general meetings
of shareholders.

 Under
the Irish Companies Act, an ordinary resolution approved by a simple majority of the votes cast of Adient shareholders present in person or by proxy at a general meeting is
required for the following matters: 

 &#149; approval of directors' long-term service contracts and substantial property transactions with directors; 
 &#149; ratification of acts by directors; and 
 &#149; authorization of off-market share purchases. 

 Irish
company law requires "special resolutions" of the shareholders at a general meeting to approve certain matters. A special resolution requires not less than 75% of the votes cast of
Adient's shareholders present in person or by proxy at a general meeting. Examples of matters requiring special resolutions include: 

 &#149; altering a company's objects ( i.e. , main purposes); 
 &#149; altering a company's articles of association; 
 &#149; changing the status of a company from public to private or from private to public; 
 &#149; changing the name of a company; 
 &#149; opting-out of preemption rights on the issuance of new shares; 
 &#149; purchasing ordinary shares off-market; 
 &#149; reducing share capital; 
 &#149; resolving that a company be wound up by the Irish courts; 
 &#149; commencing or terminating a shareholders' voluntary winding up under the Irish Companies Act; 
 &#149; re-designation of shares into different share classes; and 
 &#149; setting the re-issue price of treasury shares. 

 Under
Adient's articles of association, however, certain amendments to Adient's articles of association will require the affirmative vote of at least 80 percent of Adient ordinary
shares outstanding, which represents a higher standard than that required under the Irish Companies Act for altering a company's articles of association. In particular, amendments to the provisions of
Adient's articles of association relating to the following matters will require the affirmative vote of at least 80 percent of Adient ordinary shares
outstanding: 

 &#149; notice of annual general meetings; 
 &#149; authority to change the size of the board or fill board vacancies; 
 
 214 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; director and officer indemnification; 
 &#149; combinations with interested shareholders; 
 &#149; advance notice of shareholder business and nominations; and 
 &#149; amending the provisions requiring the affirmative vote of at least 80 percent of Adient ordinary shares outstanding in order to
amend the provisions referred to above. 

Variation of Rights Attaching to a Class of Shares 

 Any variation of class rights attaching to the issued shares of Adient requires the approval of a special resolution passed by a
majority of not less than 75% of the voting rights of that class represented in person or by proxy at a separate meeting of the shareholders of the relevant class. 

Quorum for General Meetings 

 Adient's articles of association will provide that the presence, in person or by proxy, of the holders of at least a simple majority of
the shares issued and entitled to vote at a general meeting constitutes a quorum for the conduct of business. No business may take place at a general meeting of Adient if a quorum is not present in
person or by proxy. The board of directors has no authority to waive quorum requirements stipulated in Adient's articles of association. Abstentions and broker non-votes will be counted as present for
purposes of determining whether there is a quorum in respect of the proposals. 

Requirements for Advance Notification of Director Nominations and Proposals of Shareholders 

 Adient's articles of association will provide that with respect to a meeting of shareholders, nominations of persons for election to
Adient's board of directors and the proposal of business to be considered by shareholders may be made only pursuant to Adient's notice of meeting; by the board of directors; by any shareholders
pursuant to the valid exercise of power granted to them under the Irish Companies Act; or by a shareholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice
procedures provided for in Adient's articles of association. 

 In
order to comply with the advance notice procedures that will be included in Adient's articles of association, a shareholder will be required to give written notice to Adient's
Secretary on a timely basis. To be timely for an annual general meeting, notice must be delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day and not later than the close of
business on the 90th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual general meeting, or, if the date of the annual general meeting is more than 30 days before or more
than 60 days after such anniversary date, notice must be delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the date of such annual general meeting and not later
than the close of business on the later of (i) the 90th day prior to the date of such annual general meeting and (ii) the 10th day following the day on which public
announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by Adient. With respect to the first annual general meeting following the distribution, notice must be so delivered not later than the
10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by Adient. 

 In
addition, to be timely, a shareholder's notice must be updated and supplemented, if necessary, so the information provided or required to be provided is true and correct as of the
record date for the meeting and as of the date that is ten business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. For nominations to the Adient board of directors, the notice
must include all information about the director nominee that is required to be disclosed by SEC rules regarding the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors pursuant to
Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements during the past three years, any other material relationships
with the proposed nominee and his or her 

 215 

 Table of Contents 

 affiliates
and associates and such other information as Adient may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of the proposed nominee, as well as a completed questionnaire, representation and
agreement signed by the proposed nominee regarding the background, qualification and certain existing relationships of the proposed nominee. For other business that a shareholder proposes to bring
before the meeting, the notice must include a brief description of the business, the reasons for proposing the business at the meeting, a discussion of any material interest of the shareholder in the
business and a description of all arrangements with any other person or persons in connection with the proposal. Whether the notice relates to a nomination to the board of directors or to other
business to be proposed at the meeting, the notice also must include information about the shareholder, the shareholder's holdings of Adient ordinary shares (as well as "derivative instruments,"
"short interests" with respect to Adient ordinary shares, as defined in Adient articles of association), any arrangements giving the shareholder the right to vote shares of Adient, any rights to
dividends on the Adient ordinary shares that are separated or separable from the underlying Adient ordinary shares, any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that the shareholder is
entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of the Adient ordinary shares or "derivative instruments," any significant equity interests or any derivative instruments in any of Adient's
principal competitors held by the shareholder and any interest of the shareholder in any contract with Adient or any of its affiliates or principal competitors. 

 In
addition, the Irish Companies Act provides that shareholders holding not less than 10% of the total voting rights may call an extraordinay general meeting for the purpose of
considering director nominations or other proposals, as described above under "&#151;General Meetings of Shareholders." 

Inspection of Books and Records 

 Under Irish law, shareholders have the right to: (1) receive a copy of the memorandum and articles of association of Adient and
any act of the Irish Government which alters the memorandum of association of Adient; (2) inspect and obtain copies of the minutes and resolutions of general meetings of Adient;
(3) inspect and receive a copy of the register of shareholders, register of directors and secretaries, register of directors' interests and other statutory registers maintained by Adient;
(4) receive copies of balance sheets and directors' and auditors' reports which have previously been sent to shareholders prior to an annual general meeting; and (5) receive balance
sheets of a subsidiary company of Adient which have previously been sent to shareholders prior to an annual general meeting for the preceding 10 years. The auditors of Adient will also have the
right to inspect all books, records and vouchers of Adient. The auditors' report must be circulated to the shareholders 21 days before the annual general meeting with Adient's financial
statements prepared in accordance with the Irish Companies Act, and must be read to the shareholders at Adient's annual general meeting. 

Acquisitions and Appraisal Rights 

 An Irish public limited company may be acquired in a number of ways, including by means of a "scheme of arrangement" between the
company and its shareholders or by means of a takeover offer. 

Scheme of Arrangement 

 A "scheme of arrangement" is a statutory procedure under the Irish Companies Act pursuant to which the High Court of Ireland may
approve an arrangement between an Irish company and some or all of its shareholders. In a "scheme of arrangement," the company would make an initial application to the High court to convene a meeting
or meetings of its shareholders at which a majority in number of shareholders representing 75% of the voting rights of such shareholders present and voting either in person or by proxy at the meeting
must agree to the arrangement by which they will sell their shares in exchange for the consideration being offered by the bidder. If the shareholders so agree, the company 

 216 

 Table of Contents 

 will
return to the High court to request the court to sanction the arrangement. Upon such a scheme of arrangement becoming effective in accordance with its terms and the Irish Companies Act, it will
bind the company and all of its shareholders, including those who do not vote on the scheme of arrangement. 

Takeover offer 

 A takeover offer is an offer to acquire all of the outstanding shares of a company (other than shares which at the date of the offer
are already held by the offeror). Under the Takeover Code and in order to squeeze out dissenting shareholders, the offer must be made on identical terms to all holders of shares to which the offer
relates. If the offeror, by virtue of acceptances of the offer, acquires or contracts to acquire not less than 80% in par value of the shares to which the offer relates, the Irish Companies Act allows
the offeror to give notice to any non-accepting shareholder that the offeror intends to acquire his or her shares through a compulsory acquisition (also referred to as a "squeeze out"), and the shares
of such non-accepting shareholders will be acquired by the offeror six weeks later on the same terms as the offer, unless the shareholder objects to the Irish court and the court enters an order that
the offeror is not entitled to acquire the shares or specifying terms of the acquisition different from those of the offer. If shares of Adient were listed on the official list of the Irish Stock
Exchange or another regulated stock exchange in the E.U., this threshold would be increased to 90%. 

 It
is also possible for Adient to be acquired by way of a merger with an E.U.-incorporated public company under the E.U. Cross Border Merger Directive 2005/56. Such a merger must be
approved by a special resolution. If Adient is being merged with another E.U. public company under the E.U. Cross Border Merger Directive 2005/56 and the consideration payable to Adient's shareholders
is not all in the form of cash, Adient's shareholders may be entitled to require their shares to be acquired at fair value. Finally, Adient could be acquired by way of merger with another Irish
company under the Irish Companies Act, which merger must be approved by a special resolution and by the High Court of Ireland. 

 Adient's
articles of association will provide that the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding voting shares on the relevant record date is required to approve a
sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of its property or assets. 

Disclosure of Interests in Shares 

 Under the Irish Companies Act, subject to certain limited exceptions, a shareholder of Adient must notify Adient (but not the public at
large) if as a result of a transaction the shareholder will be interested in 3% or more of any class of shares of Adient carrying voting rights; or if as a result of a transaction a shareholder who
was interested in more than 3% of any class of shares of Adient carrying voting rights ceases to be so interested. Where a shareholder is interested in more than 3% of any class of shares of Adient
carrying voting rights, any alteration of his or her interest that brings his or her total holding through the nearest whole percentage number, whether an increase or a reduction, must be notified to
Adient (but not the public at large). The relevant percentage figure is calculated by reference to the aggregate par value of the class of shares in which the shareholder is interested as a proportion
of the entire par value of the issued shares of that class. Where the percentage level of the shareholder's interest does not amount to a whole percentage, this figure may be rounded down to the next
whole number. All such disclosures must be notified to Adient within five business days of the transaction or alteration of the shareholder's interests that gave rise to the requirement to notify.
Where a person fails to comply with the notification requirements described above, no right or interest of any kind whatsoever in respect of any shares in Adient concerned, held by such person, will
be enforceable by such person, whether directly or indirectly, by action or legal proceeding. However, such person may apply to the court to have the rights attaching to the shares concerned
reinstated. 

 217 

 Table of Contents 

 In
addition to the above disclosure requirement, Adient, under the Irish Companies Act, may by notice in writing require a person whom Adient knows or has reasonable cause to believe to
be or, at any time during the three years immediately preceding the date on which such notice is issued, to have been interested in shares comprised in Adient's relevant share capital: (a) to
indicate whether or not it is the case, and (b) where such person holds or has during that time held an interest in any class of shares of Adient carrying voting rights to give such further
information as may be required by Adient, including particulars of such person's own past or present interests in such class of shares of Adient. Any information given in response to the notice is
required to be given in writing within such reasonable time as may be specified in the notice. 

 Where
such a notice is served by Adient on a person who is or was interested in any class of shares of Adient carrying voting rights and that person fails to give Adient any information
required within the reasonable time specified, Adient may apply to the court for an order directing that the affected shares be subject to certain restrictions. 

 Under
the Irish Companies Act, the restrictions that may be placed on the shares by the court are: 

 &#149; any transfer of those shares, or in the case of unissued shares any transfer of the right to be issued with shares and any issue of
shares, is void; 
 &#149; no voting rights are exercisable in respect of those shares; 
 &#149; no further shares may be issued in right of those shares or in pursuance of any offer made to the holder of those shares;
and 
 &#149; no payment may be made of any sums due from Adient on those shares, whether in respect of capital or otherwise. 

 Where
the shares in Adient are subject to these restrictions, the court may order the shares to be sold and may also direct that the shares will cease to be subject to these
restrictions. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

Shareholders Rights Plan 

 Irish law does not expressly prohibit companies from adopting a shareholder rights plan as an anti-takeover measure. However, there is
no directly relevant case law on the validity of such plans under Irish law. In addition, such a plan would be subject to the Irish Takeover Rules described below. 

 The
Adient articles of association will provide the Adient board of directors with the power to establish a shareholders rights plan in a form determined by the Adient board of directors
in its absolute discretion. The shareholders rights plan may include rights to either: (i) subscribe for shares in Adient; or (ii) acquire shares of Adient. The Adient board of directors
will be entitled to establish a shareholders rights plan if, in the opinion of the Adient board of directors, in the context of an acquisition or potential acquisition of 20% or more of the issued
voting shares of Adient, to do so would improve the likelihood that: 

 &#149; a process which may result in a change of control of Adient is conducted in an orderly manner; 
 &#149; a change of control of Adient will treat all shareholders of Adient holding the same class of shares equally and
fairly; 
 &#149; an optimum price for shares would be received by all shareholders of Adient; 
 
 218 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; the Adient board of directors would have additional time to gather relevant information or pursue appropriate strategies; 
 &#149; the success of Adient would be promoted for the benefit of its shareholders; 
 &#149; the long term interests of Adient, its employees, its shareholders and its business would be safeguarded; and/or 
 &#149; Adient would not suffer serious economic harm. 

 The
Adient articles of association will also provide that the Adient board of directors may, in accordance with the terms of a rights plan, determine to (i) allot shares pursuant
to the exercise of rights or (ii) exchange rights for shares in Adient, where in the opinion of the Adient board of directors acting in good faith, in the context of an acquisition or potential
acquisition of 20% or more of the issued voting shares of Adient, to do so is necessary in order to prevent: 

 &#149; the use of abusive tactics by any person in connection with such acquisition; 
 &#149; unequal treatment of shareholders; 
 &#149; an acquisition which would undervalue Adient; 
 &#149; harm to the prospects of the success of Adient for the benefit of its shareholders as a whole; and/or 
 &#149; serious economic harm to the prospects of Adient; 

 or
where to do so is otherwise necessary to safeguard the long term interests of Adient, its shareholders and business. 

 The Adient articles of association will also modify the common law fiduciary duties of the Adient board of directors such that decisions made under the Adient articles of association to
adopt a rights plan, or any actions taken thereunder, are deemed to be in the best interests of Adient.

 Subject
to the Irish Takeover Rules described below, Adient's board of directors has power to cause Adient to issue any of its authorized and unissued shares on such terms and conditions
as the board may determine (as described under "&#151;Share Capital") and any such action must be taken in the best interests of Adient. It is possible, however, that the terms and conditions
of any issue of preferred shares could discourage a takeover or other transaction that holders of some or a majority of the ordinary shares believe to be in their best interests or in which holders
might receive a premium for their shares over the then market price of the shares. 

Interested Shareholder Provision 

 Adient's articles of association will contain a provision that generally mirrors Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, an anti-takeover statute that prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a "business combination" with an "interested" shareholder for a period of three years following the
time the person became an interested shareholder, unless the business combination or the acquisition of shares that resulted in a shareholder becoming an interested shareholder is approved in a
prescribed manner. Generally, a "business combination" includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested shareholder. An "interested"
shareholder under this provision of Adient's articles of association will be defined to be a person or entity who, together with its affiliates and associates, owns (or within three years prior to the
determination of interested shareholder status did own) fifteen percent (15%) or more of Adient's voting shares, which is the same threshold contained in Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law. The existence of this provision would be expected to have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by Adient's board of directors, including 

 219 

 Table of Contents 

 discouraging
attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the ordinary shares held by Adient shareholders. 

Irish Takeover Rules 

 A transaction by virtue of which a third party is seeking to acquire 30% or more of the voting rights of Adient will be governed by the
Irish Takeover Panel Act 1997 and the Irish Takeover Rules made thereunder and will be regulated by the Irish Takeover Panel. The "General Principles" of the Irish Takeover Rules and certain important
aspects of the Irish Takeover Rules are described below. 

 General Principles. The Irish Takeover Rules are built on the following General Principles which will apply to any transaction
regulated by the Irish
Takeover Panel: 

 &#149; in the event of an offer, all classes of shareholders of the target company should be afforded equivalent treatment and, if a person
acquires control of a company, the other holders of securities must be protected; 
 &#149; the holders of securities in the target company must have sufficient time and information to allow them to make an informed decision
regarding the offer; 
 &#149; the board of a company must act in the interests of the company as a whole. If the board of the target company advises the holders of
securities as regards the offer, it must advise on the effects of the implementation of the offer on employment, employment conditions and the locations of the target company's place of business; 
 &#149; false markets ( i.e. , a market based on erroneous, imperfect or unequally disclosed
information) in the securities of the target company or any other company concerned by the offer must not be created; 
 &#149; a bidder can only announce an offer after ensuring that he or she can pay in full the consideration offered; 
 &#149; a target company may not be hindered longer than is reasonable by an offer for its securities. This is a recognition that an offer
will disrupt the day-to-day running of a target company particularly if the offer is hostile and the board of the target company must divert its attention to resist the offer; and 
 &#149; acquisitions of securities (whether such acquisition is to be effected by one transaction or a series of transactions) will only be
allowed to take place at an acceptable speed and subject to adequate and timely disclosure. Specifically, the acquisition of 10% or more of the issued voting shares within a seven day period that
would take a shareholders' holding to or above 15% of the issued voting shares (but less than 30%) is prohibited, subject to certain exemptions. 

 Mandatory Bid. If an acquisition of shares or other securities were to increase the aggregate holding/entitlement of an acquirer and
its concert
parties to 30% or more of the voting rights in Adient, the acquirer and, depending on the circumstances, its concert parties would be required (except with the consent of the Irish Takeover Panel) to
make a cash offer for the outstanding shares at a price not less than the highest price paid for the shares by the acquirer or its concert parties during the previous 12 months. This
requirement would also be triggered by an acquisition of shares or other securities by a person holding (together with its concert parties) shares or other securities carrying between 30% and 50% of
the voting rights in Adient if the effect of such acquisition were to increase the percentage of the voting rights held by that person (together with its concert parties) by 0.05% within a
twelve-month period. A single holder (that is, a holder excluding any parties acting in concert with the holder) holding or entitled to more than 50% of the voting rights of a company is not subject
to this rule. 

 220 

 Table of Contents 

 Voluntary Bid; Requirements to Make a Cash Offer and Minimum Price Requirements. A voluntary offer is an offer that is not a mandatory
offer. If a
bidder or any of its concert parties has acquired ordinary shares of Adient within the period of three months prior to the commencement of the voluntary offer, the offer price must be not less than
the highest price paid for Adient ordinary shares by the bidder or its concert parties during that period. The Irish Takeover Panel has the power to extend the "look back" period to 12 months
if the Irish Takeover Panel, having regard to the General Principles, believes it is appropriate to do so. 

 If
the bidder or any of its concert parties has acquired more than 10% of the ordinary shares of Adient (i) during the period 12 months prior to the commencement of the
voluntary offer period or (ii) at any time after the commencement of the voluntary offer period, the offer must be in cash (or accompanied by a full cash alternative) and the price per Adient
ordinary share must be not less than the highest price paid by the bidder or its concert parties during, in the case of (i), the period of 12 months prior to the commencement of the voluntary
offer and, in the case of (ii), the offer period. The Irish Takeover Panel may apply this rule to a bidder who, together with its concert parties, has acquired less than 10% of the total ordinary
shares of Adient in the 12-month period prior to the commencement of the voluntary offer period if the Irish Takeover Panel, having regard to the General Principles, considers it just and proper to do
so. 

 A
voluntary offer period will generally commence on the date of the first announcement of the offer or proposed offer. 

 Substantial Acquisition Rules. The Irish Takeover Rules also contain rules governing substantial acquisitions of shares that restrict
the speed at
which a person may increase his or her holding of voting shares and rights over voting shares to an aggregate of between 15% and 30% of the voting rights of Adient. Except in certain circumstances, an
acquisition or series of acquisitions of shares or rights over shares representing 10% or more of the voting rights is prohibited if such acquisition(s), when aggregated with shares or rights already
held, would result in the acquirer holding 15% or more but less than 30% of the voting rights of Adient and such acquisitions are made within a period of seven days. These rules also require
accelerated disclosure of acquisitions of shares or rights over shares relating to such acquisitions. 

 Frustrating Action. Under the Irish Takeover Rules, the board of directors of Adient is not permitted to take any action which might
frustrate an
offer for the shares of Adient once the board of directors has received an approach which may lead to an offer, or has reason to believe an offer is imminent, except as noted below. Potentially
frustrating actions such as (i) the issue of shares, options or convertible securities, (ii) material disposals, (iii) entering into contracts other than in the ordinary course of
business or (iv) any action, other than seeking alternative offers, which may result in frustration of an
offer, are prohibited during the course of an offer or at any time during which the board has reason to believe an offer is imminent. Exceptions to this prohibition are
available: 

 &#149; where the action is approved by the offeree at a general meeting; or 
 &#149; with the consent of the Irish Takeover Panel where: 

 &#149; the Irish Takeover Panel is satisfied the action would not constitute a frustrating action; 
 &#149; the holders of 50% of the voting rights state in writing that they approve the proposed action and would vote in favor of
it at a general meeting; 
 &#149; such action is in accordance with a contract entered into prior to the announcement of the offer; or 
 &#149; the decision to take such action was made before the announcement of the offer and either has been at least partially
implemented or is in the ordinary course of business. 

 221 

 Table of Contents 

 For
other provisions that could be considered to have an anti-takeover effect, see above at "&#151;Preemption Rights, Share Warrants and Share Options," "&#151;Disclosure
of Interests in Shares," "&#151;Requirements for Advance Notification of Director Nominations and Proposals of Shareholders" and "&#151;Unanimous Shareholder Consent to Action Without
Meeting," in addition to "&#151;Election of Directors," "&#151;Vacancies on the Board of Directors" and "&#151;Amendment of Governing Documents" below. 

Corporate Governance 

 Under Irish law, the authority for the overall management of Adient is vested in the Adient board of directors. The Adient board of
directors may delegate any of its powers on such terms as it thinks fit in accordance with Adient's articles of association and Irish law. Despite this delegation, the Adient board of directors
remains responsible, as a matter of Irish law, for the proper management of the affairs of Adient and the directors are not allowed to leave the performance of their duties to others. The directors
must ensure that any delegation is and remains appropriate and that an adequate system of control and supervision is in place. 

Election of Directors 

 The Irish Companies Act provides for a minimum of two directors. Adient's articles of association will provide for two to twelve
directors, and that the number of directors shall, subject to such minimum and maximum limits, be as determined by the Adient board of directors from time to time. The shareholders of Adient may from
time to time increase or reduce the maximum number, or increase the minimum number, of directors by the affirmative vote of at least 80 percent of Adient ordinary shares outstanding voting to
amend the articles of association. 

 Directors
will be elected by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by shareholders at an annual general meeting (present in person or by proxy). Commencing with the first
annual meeting of shareholders following the separation, directors will stand for election or re-election at each annual general meeting. 

Vacancies on the Board of Directors 

 Adient's articles of association will provide that the directors have the authority to appoint one or more directors to Adient's board,
subject to the maximum number of directors allowed for in the articles of association. A vacancy on the Adient board of directors may be filled only by the remaining directors. Any director so
appointed will hold office until the next annual general meeting of Adient. During any vacancy on the board, the remaining directors will have full power to act as the board. 

Removal of Directors 

 The Irish Companies Act provides that notwithstanding anything contained in the articles of association of a company or in any
agreement between that company and a director, the shareholders may by an ordinary resolution remove a director from office before the expiration of his or her term. Accordingly, the shareholders of
Adient may by an ordinary resolution remove a director from office before the expiration of his or her term. The power of removal is without prejudice to any claim for damages for breach of contract
( e.g. , employment contract) which the director may have against Adient in respect of his or her removal. 

 Under
Adient's articles of association, a director's office will be vacated if that director: 

 &#149; resigns; 
 &#149; ceases to be a director by virtue of any provision of the Irish Companies Act or becomes prohibited by law from being a director; 
 
 222 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; becomes bankrupt, has an interim receiving order made against such director, makes any arrangement or compounds with his or her
creditors generally or applies to the court for an interim order in connection with a voluntary arrangement under any legislation relating to insolvency; 
 &#149; is or has been suffering from mental or physical ill health and the Adient board of directors resolves that such director's office be
vacated; 
 &#149; is absent, without permission of the Adient board of directors, from board meetings for six consecutive months and the board resolves
that such director's office be vacated; or 
 &#149; holds an executive office and such director's appointment to such office is terminated or expires and the Adient board of directors
resolves that his or her office be vacated. 

Amendment of Governing Documents 

 Irish companies, including Adient, may alter their articles of association only with the approval of the holders of at least 75% of the
company's shares present and voting in person or by proxy at a general meeting of the company. Under Adient's articles of association, however, certain amendments to Adient's articles of association
will require the affirmative vote of at
least 80 percent of Adient ordinary shares outstanding, which represents a higher standard than that required under the Irish Companies Act for altering a company's articles of association. The
Adient board of directors does not have the power to amend Adient's articles of association without shareholder approval. See "&#151;Voting." 

Duration; Dissolution; Rights upon Liquidation 

 Adient's corporate existence will have unlimited duration. Adient may be dissolved at any time by way of either a shareholders'
voluntary winding up or a creditors' voluntary winding up. In the case of a shareholders' voluntary winding up, a special resolution of the shareholders of Adient is required
( i.e. , 75% of the votes cast, in person or by proxy, at a general meeting of shareholders). Adient may also be dissolved by way of court order on
the application of a creditor, or by the Companies Registration Office as an enforcement measure where Adient has failed to file certain returns. 

 The
rights of the shareholders to a return of Adient's assets on dissolution or winding up, following the settlement of all claims of creditors, may be prescribed in Adient's articles of
association or the terms of any preferred shares issued by the directors of Adient from time to time. The holders of preferred shares in particular may have the right to priority in a dissolution or
winding up of Adient. If the articles of association contain no specific provisions in respect of a dissolution or winding up, then, subject to the priorities of any creditors, the assets will be
distributed to shareholders in proportion to the paid-up par value of the shares held. Adient's articles will provide that the ordinary shareholders of Adient are entitled to participate pro rata in a
winding up, but that their right to do so may be subject to the rights of any preferred shareholder to participate under the terms of any series or class of preferred shares. 

Uncertificated Shares 

 Holders of ordinary shares of Adient will not have the right to require Adient to issue certificates for their shares. Adient will only
issue uncertificated ordinary shares. 

No Sinking Fund 

 Shares of Adient have no sinking fund provisions. 

 223 

 Table of Contents 

No Liability for Further Calls or Assessments 

 The Adient ordinary shares to be issued in the distribution will be duly and validly issued and fully paid. 

Transfer and Registration of Shares 

 Adient's official share register will be maintained by its transfer agent and the transfer agent's affiliates. Registration in this
share register will be used to determine which Adient shareholders are entitled to vote at meetings of Adient shareholders and are entitled to exercise other rights granted under the Irish Companies
Act and Adient's articles of association to shareholders. A shareholder of Adient who holds shares beneficially will not be the holder of record of such shares. Instead, the depository
( e.g. , Cede & Co., as nominee for DTC) or other nominee will be the holder of record of such shares. Accordingly, a transfer of
shares from a person who holds such shares beneficially to a person who also holds such shares beneficially through the same depository or other nominee will not be registered in Adient's official
share register, as the depository or other nominee will remain the record holder of such shares. 

 A
written instrument of transfer is required under Irish law in order to register on Adient's official share register any transfer of shares (i) from a person who holds such
shares directly to any other person, (ii) from a person who holds such shares beneficially to a person who holds such shares directly, or (iii) from a person who holds such shares
beneficially to another person who holds such shares
beneficially where the transfer involves a change in the depository or other nominee that is the record owner of the transferred shares. An instrument of transfer also is required for a shareholder
who directly holds shares to transfer those shares into his or her own broker account (or vice versa). Such instruments of transfer may give rise to Irish stamp duty. A person wishing to acquire
shares directly may need to purchase the shares through a broker account and then transfer such shares into his or her own name. 

 Adient's
articles of association will delegate to Adient's Secretary and certain other persons the authority to execute an instrument of transfer on behalf of a transferring party. In
order to help ensure that the official share register is regularly updated to reflect trading of Adient ordinary shares occurring through normal electronic systems, Adient intends to regularly produce
any required instruments of transfer in connection with any transactions for which Adient pays stamp duty (subject to the reimbursement and set-off rights described above). In the event that Adient
notifies one or both of the parties to a share transfer that Adient believes stamp duty is required to be paid in connection with such transfer and that Adient will not pay such stamp duty, such
parties may either themselves arrange for the execution of the required instrument of transfer (and may request a form of instrument of transfer from Adient for this purpose) or request that Adient
execute an instrument of transfer on behalf of the transferring party in a form determined by Adient. In either event, if the parties to the share transfer have the instrument of transfer duly stamped
(to the extent required) and then provide it to Adient's transfer agent, the transferee will be registered as the legal owner of the relevant shares on Adient's official Irish share register (subject
to the matters described below). 

 Adient's
board of directors may decline to recognize any instrument of transfer unless (i) it is accompanied by such evidence as the directors may reasonably require to show the
right of the transferor to make the transfer; (ii) it is in respect of one class of share only; (iii) it is in favor of not more than four transferees; and (iv) it is lodged at
the registered office of Adient or at such other place as the directors may appoint. In the case of a transfer of shares by means other than a sale through a stock exchange on which the shares are
listed, the directors have absolute discretion to decline to register such transfer of a share that is not fully paid or that is transferred to or by a minor or person of unsound mind. 

 224 

 Table of Contents 

 The
registration of transfers may be suspended by the directors at such times and for such period, not exceeding in the whole 30 days in each year, as the directors may from time
to time determine. 

Indemnification of Officers and Directors and Insurance 

 Under Irish law, a company may not exempt its directors from liability for negligence or a breach of duty. However, where a breach of
duty has been established, directors may be statutorily exempted by an Irish court from personal liability for negligence or breach of duty if, among other things, the court determines that they have
acted honestly and reasonably, and that they may fairly be excused as a result. 

 The
Irish Companies Act only permits a company to pay the costs or discharge the liability of a director or the Secretary where judgment is given in his/her favor in any civil or
criminal action in respect of such costs or liability, or where an Irish court grants relief because the director or Secretary acted honestly and reasonably and ought fairly to be excused. This
restriction does not apply to executives who are not directors or the Secretary of Adient. Any obligation of an Irish company which purports to indemnify a director or secretary of an Irish company
over and above this will be void under Irish law, whether contained in its articles of association or any contract between the director and the company. 

 The
directors of Adient may on a case-by-case basis decide at their discretion that it is in the best interests of Adient to indemnify an individual director from any liability arising
from his or her position as a director of Adient. However, this discretion must be exercised bona fide in the best interests of Adient as a whole. 

 Irish
companies may take out directors' and officers' liability insurance, as well as other types of insurance, for their directors and officers. 

 In
connection with the spin-off, Adient expects that Adient and one of its subsidiaries will enter into indemnification agreements with each of its directors and its officers that will
provide for indemnification and expense advancement (except in cases where Adient or any of its subsidiaries is proceeding against the indemnitee) and will include related provisions meant to
facilitate the indemnitee's receipt of such benefits. 

 The
limitation of liability and indemnification provisions described above may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breaches of their fiduciary duties.
These provisions may also have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against Adient's directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise
benefit Adient and its shareholders. However, these provisions will not limit or eliminate Adient's rights, or those of any shareholder, to seek non-monetary relief such as injunction or rescission in
the event of a breach of a director's duty of care. The provisions will not alter the liability of directors under the federal securities laws. In addition, your investment may be materially adversely
affected to the extent that, in a class action or direct suit,
Adient pays the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. There is currently no pending material litigation or proceeding
against any Adient director, officer or employee for which indemnification is being sought. 

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities Against Foreign Persons; Exclusive Jurisdiction 

 As a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange, Adient and its directors and officers will be subject to U.S. securities laws, and
investors will be able to initiate civil lawsuits in the United States against Adient for breaches of the U.S. securities laws. 

 Because
Adient will be a public limited company incorporated under Irish law, Adient shareholders could experience more difficulty enforcing judgments obtained against Adient in U.S. 

 225 

 Table of Contents 

 courts
than would currently be the case for U.S. judgments obtained against a U.S. corporation. In addition, it may be more difficult (or impossible) to bring some types of claims against Adient in
courts sitting in Ireland than it would be to bring similar claims against a U.S. company in a U.S. court. 

 Furthermore,
the Adient articles of association will provide that the courts of Ireland shall have exclusive jurisdiction to determine any and all (i) derivative actions in which
a holder of Adient ordinary shares asserts a claim in the name of Adient, (ii) actions asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty of any of the directors of Adient and (iii) actions
asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of Irish law or Adient's articles of association. 

 A
judgment obtained against Adient will be enforced by the courts of Ireland if the following general requirements are met: (i) U.S. courts must have had jurisdiction in relation
to the particular defendant according to Irish conflict of law rules (the submission to jurisdiction by the defendant would satisfy this rule) and (ii) the judgment must be final and conclusive
and the decree must be final and unalterable in the court which pronounces it. A judgment can be final and conclusive even if it is subject to appeal or even if an appeal is pending. Where however the
effect of lodging an appeal under the applicable law is to stay execution of the judgment, it is possible that in the meantime the judgment may not be actionable in Ireland. It remains to be
determined whether final judgment given in default of appearance is final and conclusive. However, Irish courts may refuse to enforce a judgment of the U.S. courts which meets the above requirements
for one of the following reasons: (i) if the judgment is
not for a definite sum of money; (ii) if the judgment was obtained by fraud; (iii) the enforcement of the judgment in Ireland would be contrary to natural or constitutional justice;
(iv) the judgment is contrary to Irish public policy or involves certain U.S. laws which will not be enforced in Ireland; or (v) jurisdiction cannot be obtained by the Irish courts over
the judgment debtors in the enforcement proceedings by personal service in Ireland or outside Ireland under Order 11 of the Ireland Superior Courts Rules. 

 Adient
and its directors and officers may be subject to criminal penalties in the United States arising from breaches of the U.S. federal securities laws, but may not be subject to
criminal penalties in Ireland unless the criminal laws of Ireland were violated. A criminal judgment in a U.S. court under U.S. federal securities laws may not be enforceable in Irish courts on public
policy grounds and a prosecution brought before Irish courts under U.S. federal securities laws might not be permitted on public policy grounds. 

Listing 

 Adient intends to apply to have its ordinary shares authorized for listing on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "ADNT." 

Sale of Unregistered Securities 

 On June 29, 2016, Adient's one issued ordinary share of $0.001 was transferred to an Irish corporate services provider. In
connection with Adient's re-registration as a public limited company, Adient will issue 25,000 euro deferred shares of 1.00 each to the Irish corporate services provider. Adient did
not register either of these transactions under the Securities Act because such transactions do not constitute public offerings and therefore are exempt from registration pursuant to
Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. Each share has been issued for cash at its par value.

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

 After the distribution, the transfer agent and registrar for Adient ordinary shares will be Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

 226 

 Table of Contents 

 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 

 Adient has filed a registration statement on Form 10 with the SEC with respect to the Adient ordinary shares being distributed
as contemplated by this information statement. This information statement is a part of, and does not contain all of the information set forth in, the registration statement and the exhibits and
schedules to the registration statement. For further information with respect to Adient and its ordinary shares, please refer to the registration statement, including its exhibits and schedules.
Statements made in this information statement relating to any contract or other document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement include the material terms of such contract or other
document. However, such statements are not necessarily complete, and you should refer to the exhibits attached to the registration statement for copies of the actual contract or document. You may
review a copy of the registration statement, including its exhibits and schedules, at the SEC's public reference room, located at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549, by calling the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330 as well as on the Internet website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Information contained on any website referenced in this information statement is not incorporated by reference
in this information statement. 

 As
a result of the distribution, Adient will become subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance with the Exchange Act, will file periodic
reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. 

 Adient
intends to furnish holders of its ordinary shares with annual reports containing consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles and audited and reported on, with an opinion expressed, by an independent registered public accounting firm. 

 You
should rely only on the information contained in this information statement or to which this information statement has referred you. Adient has not authorized any person to provide
you with different information or to make any representation not contained in this information statement. 

 227 

 Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Page 

 ADIENT COMBINED AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2 

 Combined Statements of Income for the years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and
2013 

F-3 

 Combined Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended September 30,
2015, 2014 and 2013 

F-4 

 Combined Statements of Financial Position as of September 30, 2015 and
2014 

F-5 

 Combined Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and
2013 

F-6 

 Combined Statements of Invested Equity Attributable to Adient for the years ended
September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013 

F-7 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements 

F-8 

 Schedule II&#151;Valuation and Qualifying
Accounts 

F-60 

 ADIENT COMBINED UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Combined Statements of Financial Position as of June 30, 2016 and September 30,
2015 

F-61 

 Combined Statements of Income (Loss) for the three and nine month periods ended June 30,
2016 and 2015 

F-62 

 Combined Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine month periods
ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 

F-63 

 Combined Statements of Cash Flows for the nine month periods ended June 30, 2016 and
2015 

F-64 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements 

F-65 

 SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2013 

 Independent Auditor's Report 

F-93 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 

F-95 

 Consolidated Income Statements for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and
2013 

F-97 

 Consolidated Cash Flow Statements for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and
2013 

F-98 

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Owners' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2015,
2014 and 2013 

F-99 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-100 

 F-1 

 Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Johnson Controls, Inc. 

 In
our opinion, the accompanying combined balance sheets and the related combined statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), invested equity and cash flows present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the combination of the automotive seating and interiors businesses of Johnson Controls, Inc. at September 30, 2015 and 2014, and the results
of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2015 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed as Schedule II presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in
conjunction with the related combined financial statements. These financial statements and the financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements and the financial statement schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 As
described in Note 1, the combined financial statements have been derived from the accounting records of Johnson Controls, Inc. The combined financial statements include
expense allocations for the functions provided by Johnson Controls, Inc. These allocations may not be indicative of the actual expense that would have been incurred had the automotive seating
and interiors businesses operated as a separate entity apart from Johnson Controls, Inc. See Note 21 to the combined financial statements for a summary of transactions with Johnson
Controls, Inc. 

 /s/
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
Detroit, Michigan 
April 25, 2016 

 F-2 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient Combined Statements of Income 

 Year Ended September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Net sales 

$ 
 20,071 

$ 
 22,041 

$ 
 20,470 

 Cost of sales 

 18,219 

 20,088 

 18,895 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Gross profit 

 1,852 

 1,953 

 1,575 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

(1,131 
 ) 

(1,308 
 ) 

(1,203 
 ) 

 Gain (loss) on business divestitures&#151;net 

 137 

 (86 
 ) 
 
 29 

 Restructuring and impairment costs 

 (182 
 ) 
 
 (158 
 ) 
 
 (280 
 ) 

 Net financing charges 

 (12 
 ) 
 
 (15 
 ) 
 
 (10 
 ) 

 Equity income 

 295 

 284 

 302 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income before income taxes 

 959 

 670 

 413 

 Income tax provision 

418 

296 

168 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net income 

 541 

 374 

 245 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

66 

67 

58 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net income attributable to Adient 

$ 
 475 

$ 
 307 

$ 
 187 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the combined financial statements. 

 F-3 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient Combined Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Net income 

$ 
 541 

$ 
 374 

$ 
 245 

 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

 Foreign currency translation adjustments 

 (520 
 ) 
 
 (253 
 ) 
 
 9 

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives 

 (11 
 ) 
 
 1 

 (2 
 ) 

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on marketable common stock 

 &#151; 

 (7 
 ) 
 
 2 

 Pension and postretirement plans 

 &#151; 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other comprehensive income (loss) 

 (531 
 ) 
 
 (258 
 ) 
 
 9 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total comprehensive income (loss) 

 10 

 116 

 254 

 Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 58 

 67 

 58 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Adient 

$ 
 (48 
 ) 

$ 
 49 

$ 
 196 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the combined financial statements. 

 F-4 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient Combined Statements of Financial Position 

 September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 

 Assets 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

$ 
 
44 

$ 
 
45 

 Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $12 and $11, respectively 

 2,134 

 2,027 

 Inventories 

 701 

 745 

 Assets held for sale 

 55 

 979 

 Other current assets 

 872 

 704 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Current assets 

 3,806 

 4,500 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Property, plant and equipment&#151;net 

 2,139 

 2,406 

 Goodwill 

 2,160 

 2,334 

 Other intangible assets&#151;net 

 129 

 165 

 Investments in partially-owned affiliates 

 1,646 

 564 

 Noncurrent assets held for sale 

 &#151; 

 652 

 Other noncurrent assets 

 557 

 585 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets 

$ 
 10,437 

$ 
 11,206 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Liabilities and Invested Equity 

 Short-term debt 

$ 
 
17 

$ 
 
100 

 Current portion of long-term debt 

 7 

 10 

 Accounts payable 

 2,653 

 2,856 

 Accrued compensation and benefits 

 392 

 454 

 Liabilities held for sale 

 42 

 836 

 Restructuring reserve 

 280 

 249 

 Other current liabilities 

 620 

 431 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Current liabilities 

 4,011 

 4,936 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Long-term debt 

 35 

 46 

 Pension and postretirement benefits 

 118 

 150 

 Noncurrent liabilities held for sale 

 &#151; 

 7 

 Other noncurrent liabilities 

 475 

 428 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Long-term liabilities 

 628 

 631 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Commitments and contingencies (Note 20) 

 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

31 

27 

 Parent's net investment 

5,873 

5,177 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

 (247 
 ) 
 
 276 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Invested equity attributable to Adient 

 5,626 

 5,453 

 Noncontrolling interests 

 141 

 159 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total invested equity 

 5,767 

 5,612 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities and invested equity 

$ 
 10,437 

$ 
 11,206 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the combined financial statements. 

 F-5 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient Combined Statements of Cash Flows 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Operating Activities 

 Net income attributable to Adient 

$ 
 475 

$ 
 307 

$ 
 187 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 66 

 67 

 58 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net income 

 541 

 374 

 245 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: 

 Depreciation 

 329 

 415 

 429 

 Amortization of intangibles 

 18 

 22 

 21 

 Pension and postretirement benefit expense 

 15 

 63 

 26 

 Pension and postretirement contributions 

 (25 
 ) 
 
 (77 
 ) 
 
 (22 
 ) 

 Equity in earnings of partially-owned affiliates, net of dividends received 

 (102 
 ) 
 
 (108 
 ) 
 
 (48 
 ) 

 Deferred income taxes 

 (51 
 ) 
 
 8 

 (82 
 ) 

 Non-cash restructuring and impairment charges 

 27 

 52 

 79 

 Loss (gain) on divestitures&#151;net 

 (137 
 ) 
 
 86 

 (29 
 ) 

 Fair value adjustment of equity investment 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (106 
 ) 

 Equity-based compensation 

 16 

 19 

 28 

 Other 

 (2 
 ) 
 
 (5 
 ) 
 
 (5 
 ) 

 Changes in assets and liabilities: 

 Receivables 

 (249 
 ) 
 
 24 

 (140 
 ) 

 Inventories 

 (63 
 ) 
 
 (96 
 ) 
 
 5 

 Other assets 

 (111 
 ) 
 
 (55 
 ) 
 
 (92 
 ) 

 Restructuring reserves 

 56 

 7 

 117 

 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

 8 

 29 

 424 

 Accrued income taxes 

 127 

 39 

 14 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Cash provided by operating activities 

 397 

 797 

 864 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Investing Activities 

 Capital expenditures 

 (478 
 ) 
 
 (624 
 ) 
 
 (659 
 ) 

 Sale of property, plant and equipment 

 24 

 56 

 32 

 Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired 

 (18 
 ) 
 
 (9 
 ) 
 
 (95 
 ) 

 Business divestitures 

 &#151; 

 (41 
 ) 
 
 70 

 Changes in long-term investments 

 (44 
 ) 
 
 16 

 (22 
 ) 

 Other 

 27 

 16 

 53 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Cash used by investing activities 

 (489 
 ) 
 
 (586 
 ) 
 
 (621 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Financing Activities 

 Net transfers from (to) Parent 

 239 

 (183 
 ) 
 
 (144 
 ) 

 Increase (decrease) in short-term debt 

 (22 
 ) 
 
 36 

 17 

 Increase in long-term debt 

 &#151; 

 2 

 7 

 Repayment of long-term debt 

 (10 
 ) 
 
 (17 
 ) 
 
 (19 
 ) 

 Earnout payment from previous acquisition 

 &#151; 

 (12 
 ) 
 
 (12 
 ) 

 Cash paid to acquire a noncontrolling interest 

 (38 
 ) 
 
 (5 
 ) 
 
 (15 
 ) 

 Other 

 (76 
 ) 
 
 (46 
 ) 
 
 (34 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Cash provided (used) by financing activities 

 93 

 (225 
 ) 
 
 (200 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

 (2 
 ) 
 
 (11 
 ) 
 
 (7 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 (25 
 ) 
 
 36 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

 45 

 70 

 34 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

$ 
 44 

$ 
 45 

$ 
 70 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the combined financial statements. 

 F-6 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient Combined Statements of Invested Equity Attributable to Adient 

 (in millions)

 Equity 
Attributable to 
Adient 
 
 Parent's Net 
Investment 
 
 Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income (Loss) 

 At September 30, 2012 

$ 
 5,558 

$ 
 5,033 

$ 
 525 

 Comprehensive income (loss): 

 Net income 

 187 

 187 

 &#151; 

 Foreign currency translation adjustments 

 9 

 &#151; 

 9 

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives 

 (2 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (2 
 ) 

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on marketable common stock 

 2 

 &#151; 

 2 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other comprehensive income (loss) 

 9 

 &#151; 

 9 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Comprehensive income (loss) 

 196 

 187 

 9 

 Change in Parent's net investment 

 (172 
 ) 
 
 (172 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 At September 30, 2013 

$ 
 
5,582 

$ 
 
5,048 

$ 
 
534 

 Comprehensive income (loss): 

 Net income 

 307 

 307 

 &#151; 

 Foreign currency translation adjustments 

 (253 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (253 
 ) 

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives 

 1 

 &#151; 

 1 

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on marketable common stock 

 (7 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (7 
 ) 

 Pension and postretirement plans 

 1 

 &#151; 

 1 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other comprehensive income (loss) 

 (258 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (258 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Comprehensive income (loss) 

 49 

 307 

 (258 
 ) 

 Change in Parent's net investment 

 (178 
 ) 
 
 (178 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 At September 30, 2014 

$ 
 
5,453 

$ 
 
5,177 

$ 
 
276 

 Comprehensive income (loss): 

 Net income 

 475 

 475 

 &#151; 

 Foreign currency translation adjustments 

 (512 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (512 
 ) 

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives 

 (11 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (11 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other comprehensive income (loss) 

 (523 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (523 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Comprehensive income (loss) 

 (48 
 ) 
 
 475 

 (523 
 ) 

 Change in Parent's net investment 

 221 

 221 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 At September 30, 2015 

$ 
 5,626 

$ 
 5,873 

$ 
 (247 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the combined financial statements. 

 F-7 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient Notes to Combined Financial Statements 

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

The Separation 

 On July 24, 2015, Johnson Controls, Inc. ("JCI" or the "Parent") announced its intent to pursue a separation of the
automotive seating and interiors businesses (the "Company" or "Adient") through a spin-off to shareholders. These combined financial statements reflect the combined historical results of the
operations, financial position and cash flows of Adient. Adient is the world's largest automotive seating supplier.* Adient has a leading market position in the Americas, Europe and China, and has
relationships with the largest global auto manufacturers. Adient's technologies extend into virtually every area of automotive seating solutions, including complete seating systems, frames,
mechanisms, foam, head restraints, armrests, trim covers and fabrics. 

Basis of Presentation 

 These combined financial statements were prepared on a stand-alone basis derived from the consolidated financial statements and
accounting records of JCI as if Adient had been operating as a stand-alone company for all years presented. These combined financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP"). The assets and liabilities in the combined financial statements have been reflected on a historical cost basis, as included
in the consolidated statements of financial position of JCI. The combined statements of operations include allocations for certain support functions that are provided on a centralized basis by the
Parent and subsequently recorded at the business unit level, such as expenses related to employee benefits, finance, human resources, risk management, information technology, facilities, and legal,
among others. These expenses have been allocated to the Company on the basis of direct usage when identifiable, with the remainder allocated on a proportional basis of combined sales, headcount or
other measures of the Company or the Parent. Management believes the assumptions underlying the combined financial statements, including the assumptions regarding allocating general corporate expenses
from the Parent, are reasonable. Nevertheless, the combined financial statements may not include all actual expenses that would have been incurred by Adient and may not reflect the combined results of
operations, financial position and cash flows had it been a stand-alone company during the years presented. Actual costs that would have been incurred if Adient had been a stand-alone company would
depend on multiple factors, including organizational structure and strategic decisions made in various areas, including information technology and infrastructure. 

Principles of Combination 

 The combined financial statements include certain assets and liabilities that have historically been held at the Parent level but are
specifically identifiable or otherwise attributable to Adient. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts within the Company's combined businesses have been eliminated. All intercompany
transactions between the Company and the Parent have been included in these combined financial statements as Parent's net investment. Expenses related to corporate allocations from the Parent to the
Company are considered to be effectively settled for cash in the combined financial statements at the time the transaction is recorded. In addition, transactions between the Company and the Parent's
other businesses have been classified as related party, rather than intercompany, in the combined financial statements. See Note 21, "Related Party Transactions and Parent's Net Investment," of
the notes to combined financial statements for further details. 

 * Based
on production volumes. Source: IHS Automotive 
 F-8 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 In
addition to wholly-owned subsidiaries, the Company has investments which, in certain cases, may or may not require combination, as a result of only a partial-ownership interest and/or
lack of significant influence over the investee. The Company's investments in partially-owned affiliates are accounted for by the equity method when the Company's interest exceeds 20% and the Company
does not have a controlling interest. 

Combined VIEs 

 Based upon the criteria set forth in Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 810,
"Consolidation," the Company has determined that it was the primary beneficiary in two VIEs for the reporting periods ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, as the Company absorbs significant
economics of the entities and has the power to direct the activities that are considered most significant to the entities. 

 The
two VIEs manufacture seating products in North America for the automotive industry. The Company funds the entities' short-term liquidity needs through revolving credit facilities and
has the power to direct the activities that are considered most significant to the entities through its key customer supply relationships. 

 The
carrying amounts and classification of assets (none of which are restricted) and liabilities included in the Company's combined statements of financial position for the combined VIEs
are as follows (in millions): 

 September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Current assets 

$ 
 279 

$ 
 214 

 Noncurrent assets 

 41 

 46 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets 

$ 
 320 

$ 
 260 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Current liabilities 

$ 
 229 

$ 
 186 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities 

$ 
 229 

$ 
 186 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 The
Company did not have a significant variable interest in any other combined VIEs for the presented reporting periods. 

Use of Estimates 

 The preparation of combined financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the combined financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The combined financial statements reflect management's estimates as of the reporting date. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

 F-9 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

 The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, short-term debt, accounts payable and long-term debt approximate
their carrying values. See Note 10, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," and Note 11, "Fair Value Measurements," of the notes to combined financial statements for fair value
of financial instruments, including derivative instruments and hedging activities. 

Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale 

 The Company classifies assets and liabilities (disposal groups) to be sold as held for sale in the period in which all of the following
criteria are met: management, having the authority to approve the action, commits to a plan to sell the disposal group; the disposal group is available for immediate sale in its present condition
subject only to terms that are usual and customary
for sales of such disposal groups; an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to complete the plan to sell the disposal group have been initiated; the sale of the disposal group is
probable, and transfer of the disposal group is expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year, except if events or circumstances beyond the Company's control extend the
period of time required to sell the disposal group beyond one year; the disposal group is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value; and
actions required to complete the plan indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. 

 The
Company initially measures a disposal group that is classified as held for sale at the lower of its carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell. Any loss resulting from this
measurement is recognized in the period in which the held for sale criteria are met. Conversely, gains are not recognized on the sale of a disposal group until the date of sale. The Company assesses
the fair value of a disposal group less any costs to sell each reporting period it remains classified as held for sale and reports any subsequent changes as an adjustment to the carrying value of the
disposal group, as long as the new carrying value does not exceed the carrying value of the disposal group at the time it was initially classified as held for sale. 

 Upon
determining that a disposal group meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale, the Company reports the assets and liabilities of the disposal group, if material, in the
line items assets held for sale, noncurrent assets held for sale, liabilities held for sale and noncurrent liabilities held for sale in the combined statements of financial position. Refer to
Note 3, "Assets and Liabilities Held For Sale," of the notes to combined financial statements for further information. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Cash
and cash equivalents in the combined statements of financial position represent cash legally owned by the Company and negative cash balances are reclassified to short term debt. Cash is managed by
legal entity with cash pooling agreements in place for participating businesses within each cash pool master. Transfers of cash to and from the Parent's cash management system are reflected as a
component of Parent's net investment in the combined statements of financial position. Accordingly, the cash and cash equivalents held by the Parent were not attributed to the Company for any of the
years presented, as legal ownership remained with the Parent. 

 F-10 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Receivables 

 Receivables consist of amounts billed and currently due from customers and revenues that have been recognized for accounting purposes
but not yet billed to customers. The Company extends credit to customers in the normal course of business and maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts resulting from the inability or unwillingness
of customers to make required payments. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on historical experience, existing economic conditions and any specific customer collection issues the Company has
identified. The Company enters into supply chain financing programs in certain foreign jurisdictions to sell accounts receivable without recourse to third-party financial institutions. Sales of
accounts receivable are reflected as a reduction of accounts receivable on the combined statements of financial position and the proceeds are included in cash flows from operating activities in the
combined statements of cash flows. 

Inventories 

 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out ("FIFO") method. Finished goods
and work-in-process inventories include material, labor and manufacturing overhead costs. 

Pre-Production Costs Related to Long-Term Supply Arrangements 

 The Company's policy for engineering, research and development, and other design and development costs related to products that will be
sold under long-term supply arrangements requires such costs to be expensed as incurred or capitalized if reimbursement from the customer is contractually assured. Income related to recovery of these
costs is recorded within selling, general and administrative expense in the combined statements of income. At September 30, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded within the combined statements of
financial position $299 million and $244 million, respectively, of engineering and research and development costs for which customer reimbursement is contractually assured. The
reimbursable costs are recorded in other current assets if reimbursement will occur in less than one year and in other noncurrent assets if reimbursement will occur beyond one year. At
September 30, 2015, the Company had $127 million and $172 million of reimbursable costs recorded in current and noncurrent and assets, respectively. At September 30, 2014,
the Company had $92 million and $152 million of reimbursable costs recorded in current and noncurrent assets, respectively. 

 Costs
for molds, dies and other tools used to make products that will be sold under long-term supply arrangements are capitalized within property, plant and equipment if the Company has
title to the assets or has the non-cancelable right to use the assets during the term of the supply arrangement. Capitalized items, if specifically designed for a supply arrangement, are amortized
over the term of the arrangement; otherwise, amounts are amortized over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The carrying values of assets capitalized in accordance with the foregoing policy are
periodically reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. At September 30, 2015 and 2014, approximately
$60 million and $96 million, respectively, of costs for molds, dies and other tools were capitalized within property, plant and equipment which represented assets to which the Company
had title. In addition, at September 30, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded within the combined statements of financial position in other 

 F-11 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 current
assets $134 million and $151 million, respectively, of costs for molds, dies and other tools for which customer reimbursement is contractually assured. 

Property, Plant and Equipment 

 Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation is provided over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets
using the straight-line method for financial reporting purposes and accelerated methods for income tax purposes. The estimated useful lives range from 3 to 40 years for buildings and
improvements and from 3 to 15 years for machinery and equipment. 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

 Goodwill reflects the cost of an acquisition in excess of the fair values assigned to identifiable net assets acquired. The Company
reviews goodwill for impairment during the fourth fiscal quarter or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the asset might be impaired. The Company performs impairment reviews
for its reporting units, which have been determined to be the Company's reportable segments using a fair value method based on management's judgments and assumptions or third party valuations. The
fair value of a reporting unit
refers to the price that would be received to sell the unit as a whole in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In estimating the fair value, the Company uses
multiples of earnings based on the average of historical, published multiples of earnings of comparable entities with similar operations and economic characteristics. In certain instances, the Company
uses discounted cash flow analyses or estimated sales price to further support the fair value estimates. The inputs utilized in the analyses are classified as Level 3 inputs within the fair
value hierarchy as defined in ASC 820, "Fair Value Measurement." The estimated fair value is then compared with the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including recorded goodwill. The Company is
subject to financial statement risk to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value. 

 Intangible
assets with definite lives continue to be amortized over their estimated useful lives and are subject to impairment testing if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the asset might be impaired. A considerable amount of management judgment and assumptions are required in performing the impairment tests. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

 The Company reviews long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets with definite lives, for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company conducts its long-lived asset impairment analyses in accordance
with ASC 360-10-15, "Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets." ASC 360-10-15 requires the Company to group assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely
independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities and evaluate the asset group against the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows. If the undiscounted cash flows do not indicate the
carrying amount of the asset is recoverable, an impairment charge is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its fair value based on discounted cash flow
analysis or appraisals. Refer to Note 16, "Impairment of Long-Lived Assets," 

 F-12 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 of
the notes to combined financial statements for information regarding the impairment testing performed in fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013. 

Impairment of Investments in Partially-Owned Affiliates 

 The Company monitors its investments in partially-owned affiliates for indicators of other-than-temporary declines in value on an
ongoing basis. If the Company determines that an other-than-temporary decline in value has occurred, it recognizes and impairment loss, which is measured as the difference between the recorded book
value and the fair value of the investment. Fair value is generally determined using an income approach based on discounted cash flows or negotiated transaction values. 

Short-Term and Long-Term Debt 

 From a historical perspective, the majority of short-term and long-term third-party debt has been held by the Parent, and has not been
recorded for each respective business in the Parent's operating structure. For purposes of the combined financial statements, no short-term or long-term debt recorded by the Parent has been
pushed-down to the Company in the combined financial statements, because the Company will not assume the debt of the Parent (either presently or in a planned transaction in the future). 

 The
Parent provided intercompany loans to its legal entities to fund working capital or, in limited cases, acquisitions. These loans have been reflected within Parent's net investment in
the combined financial statements. Net interest expense related to these loans pertains to certain foreign operations and has been reflected within Parent's net investment in the combined financial
statements. Net interest expense on these loans was not significant for the years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013. 

 The
short-term and long-term debt recorded in the combined financial statements is related directly to an arrangement between the Company and a third-party, and was not related to an
intercompany arrangement between the Company and the Parent. 

Revenue Recognition 

 The Company records revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery occurs or services are rendered, the sales
price or fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company delivers products and records revenue pursuant to commercial agreements with its customers generally in the
form of an approved purchase order, including the effects of contractual customer price productivity. The Company does negotiate discrete price changes with its customers, which are generally the
result of unique commercial issues between the Company and its customers. The Company records amounts associated with discrete price changes as a reduction to revenue when specific facts and
circumstances indicate that a price reduction is probable and the amounts are reasonably estimable. The Company records amounts associated with discrete price changes as an increase to revenue upon
execution of a legally enforceable contractual agreement and when collectability is reasonable assured. 

 Essentially
all of the Company's sales are to the automotive industry. In fiscal year 2015, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. and Ford Motor Company had combined net sales of 13% and
11%, 

 F-13 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 respectively.
In fiscal year 2014, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. and Ford Motor Company had combined net sales of 14% each. In fiscal year 2013, Daimler AG and Ford Motor Company had combined
net sales of 16% each. 

Research and Development Costs 

 Expenditures for research activities relating to product development and improvement are charged against income as incurred and
included within selling, general and administrative expenses in the combined statements of income. Such expenditures for the years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were
$599 million, $667 million and $688 million, respectively. A portion of these costs associated with these activities is reimbursed by customers and, for the fiscal years ended
September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $364 million, $348 million and $343 million, respectively. 

Foreign Currency Translation 

 Substantially all of the Company's international operations use the respective local currency as the functional currency. Assets and
liabilities of international entities have been translated at period-end exchange rates, and income and expenses have been translated using average exchange rates for the period. Monetary assets and
liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies are adjusted to reflect period-end exchange rates. The resulting translation adjustments are accumulated as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive income. The aggregate transaction losses included in net income for the years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $26 million, $19 million and
$9 million, respectively. 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

 The Company's Parent has written policies and procedures that place all financial instruments under the direction of the Parent and
restrict all derivative transactions to those intended for hedging purposes. The use of financial instruments for speculative purposes is strictly prohibited. The Parent has historically used
financial instruments to manage the Company's market risk from changes in foreign exchange rates. 

 The
fair values of all derivatives are recorded in the combined statements of financial position. The change in a derivative's fair value is recorded each period in current earnings or
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI), depending on whether the derivative is designated as part of a hedge transaction and if so, the type of hedge transaction. Refer to Note 10,
"Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," and Note 11, "Fair Value Measurements," of the notes to combined financial statements for disclosure of the Company's derivative instruments and
hedging activities. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

 Adient employees have historically participated in JCI's stock-based compensation plans. Stock-based compensation expense has been
allocated to Adient based on the awards and terms previously granted to Adient employees. The stock-based compensation was initially measured at the fair value of the awards on the grant date and is
recognized in the financial statements
over the period the employees are required to provide services in exchange for the awards. The fair value of option awards is measured on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.
The fair value of each 

 F-14 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 stock
appreciation right (SAR) is estimated using a similar method described for stock options. The fair value of each SAR is recalculated at the end of each reporting period and the liability and
expense are adjusted based on the new fair value. The fair value of performance-based share unit (PSU) awards is based on the JCI stock price at the grant date and the assessed probability of meeting
future performance targets. The fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the number of units granted and JCI's stock price on the grant date. Refer to Note 12, "Stock-Based
Compensation," for additional information. 

Pension and Postretirement Benefits 

 The defined benefit plans in which the Company participates relate primarily to U.S. plans sponsored by the Parent and for which other
wholly-owned subsidiaries (other than Adient) of the Parent participate (the "Shared Plans"). Under the guidance in ASC 715, "Compensation&#151;Retirement Benefits," the Company accounts for
the Shared Plans as multiemployer plans, recording contributions to the pension plans as an allocation of net periodic benefit costs associated with the Company's employees. Expenses related to the
employees' participation in the Shared Plans were calculated using a proportional allocation based on headcount and payroll expense for the Company's employees. The pension expense allocation related
to the Shared Plans under the multiemployer approach contains all components of the periodic benefit cost, including interest and service costs and was recorded as a component of selling, general and
administrative expenses or cost of sales in the combined financial statements. 

 Various
defined benefit plans that relate solely to the Company are included in these combined financial statements. The Company utilizes a mark-to-market approach for recognizing
pension and postretirement benefit expenses, including measuring the market related value of plan assets at fair value and recognizing actuarial gains and losses in the fourth quarter of each fiscal
year or at the date of a remeasurement event. Refer to Note 14, "Retirement Plans," of the notes to combined financial statements for disclosure of the Company's pension and postretirement
benefit plans. 

Income Taxes 

 The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, "Income Taxes." Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and other
loss carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled. The Company records a valuation allowance that primarily represents non-U.S. operating and other loss carryforwards for which realization is uncertain. Management judgment is
required in determining the Company's provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and the valuation allowance recorded against the Company's net deferred tax assets. 

 The
Company reviews the realizability of its deferred tax asset valuation allowances on a quarterly basis, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that a review is
required. In determining the requirement for a valuation allowance, the historical and projected financial results of the legal entity or consolidated group recording the net deferred tax asset are
considered, along with any other 

 F-15 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 positive
or negative evidence. Since future financial results may differ from previous estimates, periodic adjustments to the Company's valuation allowances may be necessary. 

 The
Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous non-U.S. jurisdictions. Judgment is required in determining its worldwide provision for income taxes and recording the
related assets and liabilities. In the ordinary course of the Company's business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The Company is
regularly under audit by tax authorities. 

 The
unrecognized tax benefits reflected in Adient's combined financial statements have been determined using a separate-return by legal entity basis. As a result of the final separation
from Johnson Controls, Adient's unrecognized tax benefits could be different from those reflected in the combined financial statements. Adient is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous
foreign jurisdictions. Judgment is required in determining its worldwide provision for income taxes and recording the related assets and liabilities. In the ordinary course of Adient's business, there
are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. 

 Adient's
federal income tax returns and certain non-U.S. income tax returns for various fiscal years remain under various stages of audit by the Internal Revenue Service and respective
non-U.S. tax authorities. Although the outcome of tax audits is always uncertain, management believes that it has appropriate support for the positions taken on its tax returns and that its annual tax
provisions included amounts sufficient to pay assessments, if any, which may be proposed by the taxing authorities. At September 30, 2015, Adient had recorded a liability for its best estimate
of the probable loss on certain of its tax positions, the majority of which is included in other noncurrent liabilities in the combined statements of financial position. Nonetheless, the amounts
ultimately paid, if any, upon resolution of the issues raised by the taxing authorities may differ materially from the amounts accrued for each year. 

 The
Company does not generally provide additional U.S. income taxes on undistributed earnings of non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries included in invested equity attributable to Adient.
Such earnings could become taxable upon the sale or liquidation of these non-U.S. subsidiaries or upon dividend repatriation. The Company's intent is for such earnings to be reinvested by the
subsidiaries or to be repatriated only when it would be tax effective through the utilization of foreign tax credits. 

 Refer
to Note 17, "Income Taxes," of the notes to combined financial statements for the Company's income tax disclosures. 

Parent's Net Investment 

 Parent's net investment includes the Parent's investment in the Company and the net amounts due to or due from the Parent. Recorded
amounts reflect capital contributions and/or dividends as well as the results of operations and other comprehensive income (loss). The Parent's net investment in the Company is discussed in further
detail in Note 21, "Related Party Transactions and Parent's Net Investment," of the notes to the combined financial statements. 

 F-16 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

 In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-09, "Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718):
Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting." ASU No. 2016-09 changes the accounting for certain aspects of share-based payments to employees, including the income tax consequences,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. In addition, the guidance allows for a policy election to account for forfeitures as they
occur rather than on an estimated basis. ASU No. 2016-09 will be effective for the Company for the quarter ending December 31, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is
currently assessing the impact adoption of this guidance will have on its combined financial statements. 

 In
March 2016, the FASB issued -ASU No. 2016-07, "Investments-Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting." ASU
No. 2016-07 eliminates the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an
investor must adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings retrospectively. ASU No. 2016-07 will be effective prospectively for the Company for increases in the level of
ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method that occur during or after the quarter ending December 31, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The
impact of this guidance for the Company is dependent on any future increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. 

 In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)." ASU No. 2016-02 requires recognition of operating leases as lease assets and lease liabilities on
the balance sheet and disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. ASU No. 2016-02 will be effective retrospectively for the Company for the quarter ending December 31,
2019, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact adoption of this guidance will have on its combined financial statements. 

 In
January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, "Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities." ASU
No. 2016-01 amends certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU No. 2016-01 will be effective prospectively for the Company for
the quarter ending December 31, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact adoption of this guidance will have on its combined financial statements. 

 In
November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes." ASU No. 2015-17 requires that deferred tax
liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in the combined statements of financial position. ASU No. 2015-17 was early adopted by the Company for the quarter ended December 31,
2015 and was applied retrospectively to all periods presented. 

 F-17 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16, "Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments." ASU No. 2015-16
requires that the cumulative impact of a measurement period adjustment (including the impact on prior periods) be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment is identified. ASU
No. 2015-16 was early
adopted by the Company in the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on the Company's combined financial condition or results from operations. 

 In
July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, "Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory." ASU No. 2015-11 requires inventory that is recorded using the first-in, first-out
method to be measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value. ASU No. 2015-11 will be effective retrospectively for the Company for the quarter ending December 31, 2017, with early
adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company's combined financial statements. 

 In
May 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-07, "Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent)." ASU
No. 2015-07 removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. Such
investments should be disclosed separate from the fair value hierarchy. ASU No. 2015-07 will be effective retrospectively for the Company for the quarter ending December 31, 2016, with
early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have an impact on the Company's combined financial statements but will impact pension asset disclosures. 

 In
April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, "Interest&#151;Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs." ASU
No. 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability. ASU
No. 2015-03 will be effective retrospectively for the Company for the quarter ending December 31, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to
have a significant impact on the Company's combined financial statements. 

 In
February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02, "Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis." ASU No. 2015-02 amends the analysis performed to
determine whether a reporting entity should consolidate certain types of legal entities. ASU No. 2015-02 will be effective retrospectively for the Company for the quarter ending
December 31, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact adoption of this guidance will have on its combined financial statements. 

 In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)." ASU No. 2014-09 clarifies the principles for recognizing revenue
when an entity either enters into a contract with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into a contract for the transfer of non-financial assets. The original standard was effective
retrospectively for the Company for the quarter ending December 31, 2017; however in August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606): Deferral of the Effective Date," which defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one-year for all entities. The new standard will become effective retrospectively for the Company for
the quarter ending December 31, 2018, with early adoption permitted, but not before the original effective date. Additionally, in March 2016 the FASB issued 

 F-18 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

 ASU No. 2016-08,
"Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)," and in April 2016 the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-10, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing," which provide additional clarification on certain topics
addressed in ASU 2014-09. ASU 2016-08 follows the same implementation guidelines as ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently assessing the impact adoption of this guidance will have
on its combined financial statements. 

 In
April 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08, "Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting
Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity." ASU No. 2014-08 limits discontinued operations reporting to situations where the disposal represents a
strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results, and requires expanded disclosures for discontinued operations. ASU No. 2014-08 will be
effective prospectively for the Company for disposals that occur during or after the quarter ending December 31, 2015, with early adoption permitted in certain instances. The impact of this
guidance for the Company is dependent on any future significant dispositions or disposals. 

2. ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES 

 During fiscal 2015, the Company completed three acquisitions for a combined purchase price, net of cash acquired, of $47 million, $18 million of which was paid as of
September 30, 2015. The acquisitions in the aggregate were not material to the Company's combined financial statements. In connection with the acquisitions, the Company recorded goodwill of
$9 million in the Interiors segment. 

 In
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, the Company completed its global automotive interiors joint venture with Yanfeng Automotive Trim Systems. In connection with the divestiture of the
Interiors business, the Company recorded a $127 million gain, $20 million net of tax, and reduced goodwill in assets held for sale by $43 million. 

 Also
during fiscal 2015, the Company completed a divestiture for a sales price of $20 million, none of which was received as of September 30, 2015. The divestiture was not
material to the Company's combined financial statements. In connection with the divestiture, the Company recorded a gain of $10 million and reduced goodwill by $4 million in the Seating
segment. 

 During
fiscal 2014, the Company completed an acquisition within the Seating segment for a purchase price, net of cash acquired, of $9 million, all of which was paid as of
September 30, 2014. The acquisition was not material to the Company's combined financial statements. There was no change in goodwill as a result of this transaction. 

 In
fiscal 2014, the Company completed the divestiture of the Interiors headliner and sun visor product lines. As part of this divestiture, the Company made a cash payment of
$54 million to the buyer to fund future operational improvement initiatives. The Company recorded a pre-tax loss on divestiture, including transaction costs, of $95 million. The tax
impact of the divestiture was income tax expense of $38 million due to the jurisdictional mix of gains and losses on the sale, which resulted in non-benefited losses in certain countries and
taxable gains in other countries. There was no change in goodwill as a result of this transaction. 

 F-19 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

2. ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES (Continued) 

 Also
during fiscal 2014, the Company completed one additional divestiture for a sales price of $13 million, all of which was received as of September 30, 2014. The
divestiture was not material to the Company's combined financial statements. In connection with the divestiture, the Company recorded a gain, net of transaction costs, of $9 million in the
Interiors segment. There was no change in goodwill as a result of this transaction. 

 During
fiscal 2014, the Company adjusted the purchase price allocation of certain fiscal 2013 acquisitions for the Seating segment and recorded additional goodwill of $2 million. 

 During
fiscal 2013, the Company completed two acquisitions within the Seating segment for a combined purchase price, net of cash acquired, of $95 million, all of which was paid as
of September 30,
2013. The acquisitions in the aggregate were not material to the Company's combined financial statements. In connection with the acquisitions, the Company recorded goodwill of $187 million. The
acquisitions increased the Company's ownership from a noncontrolling to controlling interest. As a result, the Company recorded a combined non-cash gain of $106 million in Seating equity income
to adjust the Company's existing equity investments in the partially-owned affiliates to fair value. 

 Also
during fiscal 2013, the Company completed one divestiture for a sales price of $70 million, all of which was received as of September 30, 2013. The divestiture was not
material to the Company's combined financial statements. In connection with the divestiture, the Company recorded a gain of $29 million and reduced goodwill by $15 million in the Seating
segment. 

3. ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE 

 The Company has determined that certain of its businesses met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. In April 2015, the Company signed an agreement formally establishing the
automotive interiors joint venture with Yanfeng Automotive Trim Systems. The formation of the joint venture closed on July 2, 2015. The assets and liabilities of the Interiors business to be
contributed to the joint venture were classified as held for sale at September 30, 2014. 

 F-20 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

3. ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE (Continued) 

 The
following table summarizes the carrying value of the Interiors assets and liabilities held for sale (in millions): 

 September 30, 
2014 

 Accounts receivable&#151;net 

$ 
 596 

 Inventories 

 209 

 Other current assets 

 174 

 Property, plant and equipment&#151;net 

 496 

 Goodwill 

 34 

 Other intangible assets&#151;net 

 4 

 Investments in partially-owned affiliates 

 83 

 Other noncurrent assets 

 35 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Assets held for sale 

$ 
 1,631 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Accounts payable 

$ 
 655 

 Accrued compensation and benefits 

 24 

 Other current liabilities 

 157 

 Pension and postretirement benefits 

 6 

 Other noncurrent liabilities 

 1 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Liabilities held for sale 

$ 
 843 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 At
September 30, 2015, $55 million of assets and $42 million of liabilities related to certain other product lines were classified as held for sale. The divestiture
could result in a gain or loss on sale to the extent the ultimate selling price differs from the carrying value of the net assets recorded. 

 The
businesses classified as held for sale did not meet the criteria to be classified as discontinued operations primarily due to the Company's continuing involvement in these operations
following the divestiture. 

4. INVENTORIES 

 Inventories consisted of the following (in millions): 

 September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Raw materials and supplies 

$ 
 539 

$ 
 581 

 Work-in-process 

 40 

 42 

 Finished goods 

 122 

 122 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Inventories 

$ 
 701 

$ 
 745 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-21 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

5. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 

 Property, plant and equipment consisted of the following (in millions): 

 September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Buildings and improvements 

$ 
 1,307 

$ 
 1,486 

 Machinery and equipment 

 4,342 

 4,188 

 Construction in progress 

 335 

 351 

 Land 

 155 

 172 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total property, plant and equipment 

 6,139 

 6,197 

 Less: accumulated depreciation 

 (4,000 
 ) 
 
 (3,791 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Property, plant and equipment&#151;net 

$ 
 2,139 

$ 
 2,406 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Accumulated
depreciation related to capital leases at September 30, 2015 and 2014 was $40 million and $23 million, respectively. 

 As
of September 30, 2015, the Company is the lessor of properties included in land for $13 million, gross building and improvements for $177 million and accumulated
depreciation of $131 million. 

6. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

 The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill in each of the Company's reporting segments for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014 are as follows (in millions): 

 September 30, 
2013 
 
 Business 
Acquisitions 
 
 Business 
Divestitures 
 
 Currency 
Translation 
and Other 
 
 September 30, 
2014 

 Goodwill 

 Seating 

$ 
 2,426 

$ 
 2 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 (94 
 ) 

$ 
 2,334 

 Interiors 

 22 

 &#151; 

 (34 
 ) 
 
 12 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total 

$ 
 2,448 

$ 
 2 

$ 
 (34 
 ) 

$ 
 (82 
 ) 

$ 
 2,334 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 September 30, 
2014 
 
 Business 
Acquisitions 
 
 Business 
Divestitures 
 
 Currency 
Translation 
and Other 
 
 September 30, 
2015 

 Goodwill 

 Seating 

$ 
 2,334 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 (4 
 ) 

$ 
 (170 
 ) 

$ 
 2,160 

 Interiors 

 &#151; 

 9 

 (9 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total 

$ 
 2,334 

$ 
 9 

$ 
 (13 
 ) 

$ 
 (170 
 ) 

$ 
 2,160 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 At
September 30, 2013, accumulated goodwill impairment charges include $366 million related to the Interiors segment. The fiscal 2014 Interiors business divestitures amount
includes $34 million of goodwill transferred to noncurrent assets held for sale on the combined statements of financial position. 

 F-22 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

6. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued) 

 The
Company's other intangible assets, primarily from business acquisitions valued based in part on independent appraisals, consisted of (in millions): 

 September 30, 2015 
 
 September 30, 2014 

 Gross 
Carrying 
Amount 
 
 Accumulated 
Amortization 
 
 Net 
 
 Gross 
Carrying 
Amount 
 
 Accumulated 
Amortization 
 
 Net 

 Intangible assets 

 Patented technology 

$ 
 27 

$ 
 (11 
 ) 

$ 
 16 

$ 
 31 

$ 
 (10 
 ) 

$ 
 21 

 Customer relationships 

 100 

 (38 
 ) 
 
 62 

 111 

 (31 
 ) 
 
 80 

 Trademarks 

 56 

 (15 
 ) 
 
 41 

 64 

 (12 
 ) 
 
 52 

 Miscellaneous 

 15 

 (5 
 ) 
 
 10 

 22 

 (10 
 ) 
 
 12 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total intangible assets 

$ 
 198 

$ 
 (69 
 ) 

$ 
 129 

$ 
 228 

$ 
 (63 
 ) 

$ 
 165 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Amortization
of other intangible assets for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $18 million, $22 million and $21 million,
respectively. Excluding the impact of any future acquisitions, the Company anticipates amortization for fiscal 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 will be approximately $17 million,
$17 million, $17 million, $17 million and $16 million, respectively. 

7. PRODUCT WARRANTIES 

 The Company offers warranties to its customers depending upon the specific product and terms of the customer purchase agreement. A typical warranty program requires that the Company
replace defective products within a specified time period from the date of sale. The Company records an estimate for future warranty-related costs based on actual historical return rates and other
known factors. Based on analysis of return rates and other factors, the Company's warranty provisions are adjusted as necessary. The Company monitors its warranty activity and adjusts its reserve
estimates when it is probable that future warranty costs will be different than those estimates. 

 The
Company's product warranty liability is recorded in the combined statements of financial position in other current liabilities. 

 The
changes in the carrying amount of the Company's total product warranty liability are as follows (in millions): 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Balance at beginning of period 

$ 
 19 

$ 
 16 

 Accruals for warranties issued during the period 

 6 

 9 

 Accruals related to pre-existing warranties (including changes in estimates) 

 (5 
 ) 
 
 (1 
 ) 

 Settlements made (in cash or in kind) during the period 

 (7 
 ) 
 
 (4 
 ) 

 Currency translation 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 (1 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at end of period 

$ 
 12 

$ 
 19 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-23 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

8. LEASES 

 Certain administrative and production facilities and equipment are leased under long-term agreements. Most leases contain renewal options for varying periods, and certain leases include
options to purchase the leased property during or at the end of the lease term. Leases generally require the Company to pay for insurance, taxes and maintenance of the property. Leased capital assets
included in net property, plant and equipment, primarily buildings and improvements, were $22 million and $28 million at September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

 Other
facilities and equipment are leased under arrangements that are accounted for as operating leases. Total rental expense for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015, 2014
and 2013 was $171 million, $205 million and $202 million, respectively. 

 Future
minimum capital and operating lease payments and the related present value of capital lease payments at September 30, 2015 are as follows (in millions): 

 Capital 
Leases 
 
 Operating 
Leases 

 2016 

$ 
 5 

$ 
 75 

 2017 

 4 

 57 

 2018 

 12 

 35 

 2019 

 3 

 26 

 2020 

 3 

 21 

 After 2020 

 1 

 24 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total minimum lease payments 

 28 

$ 
 238 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Interest 

 (3 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Present value of net minimum lease payments 

$ 
 25 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

9. DEBT AND FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS 

 Short-term debt consisted of the following (in millions): 

 September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Bank borrowings and commercial paper 

$ 
 17 

$ 
 100 

 Weighted average interest rate on short-term debt outstanding* 

 13.7 
 % 
 
 5.2 
 % 

 * The
weighted average interest rates on short-term debt varies based on levels of debt maintained in various jurisdictions. 
 
 F-24 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

9. DEBT AND FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued) 

 Long-term
debt consisted of the following (in millions): 

 September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Capital lease obligations 

$ 
 25 

$ 
 30 

 German note due 2018 

 4 

 6 

 German note due 2020 

 11 

 15 

 Spanish note due 2026 

 &#151; 

 3 

 Euro foreign-denominated debt 

 &#151; 

 1 

 Other 

 2 

 1 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Gross long-term debt 

 42 

 56 

 Less: current portion 

 7 

 10 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net long-term debt 

$ 
 35 

$ 
 46 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total
interest paid on both short and long-term debt for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $10 million, $13 million and
$12 million, respectively. 

Net Financing Charges 

 The Company's net financing charges line item in the combined statements of income for the years ended September 30, 2015, 2014
and 2013 contained the following components (in millions): 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Interest expense 

$ 
 11 

$ 
 14 

$ 
 12 

 Banking fees 

 2 

 3 

 3 

 Interest income 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 (2 
 ) 
 
 (5 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net financing charges 

$ 
 12 

$ 
 15 

$ 
 10 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

10. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES 

 The Parent selectively uses derivative instruments to reduce Adient's market risk associated with changes in foreign currency. Under the Parent's policy, the use of derivatives is
restricted to those intended for hedging purposes; the use of any derivative instrument for speculative purposes is strictly prohibited. A description of each type of derivative utilized by the Parent
to manage Adient's risk is included in the following paragraphs. In addition, refer to Note 11, "Fair Value Measurements," of the notes to combined financial statements for information related
to the fair value measurements and valuation methods utilized by the Company for each derivative type. 

 The
Company has global operations and participates in the foreign exchange markets to minimize its risk of loss from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The Parent primarily
uses foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge certain of Adient's foreign exchange rate exposures. The Parent hedges 70% to 90% of the nominal amount of each of its known foreign exchange
transactional 

 F-25 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

10. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES (Continued) 

 exposures.
Gains and losses on derivative contracts offset gains and losses on underlying foreign currency exposures. 

 The
Parent has entered into cross-currency interest rate swaps to selectively hedge portions of Adient's net investment in Japan. The currency effects of the cross-currency interest rate
swaps are reflected in the AOCI account within invested equity attributable to Adient where they offset gains and losses recorded on the Company's net investment in Japan. At September 30, 2015
and 2014, the Parent had four cross-currency interest rate swaps outstanding for Adient totaling 20 billion yen. 

 The
following table presents the location and fair values of derivative instruments and hedging activities included in the Company's combined statements of financial position (in
millions): 

 Derivatives and Hedging 
Activities Designated 
as Hedging Instruments 
under ASC 815 
 
 Derivatives and Hedging 
Activities Not Designated 
as Hedging Instruments 
under ASC 815 

 September 30, 
2015 
 
 September 30, 
2014 
 
 September 30, 
2015 
 
 September 30, 
2014 

 Other current assets 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 

$ 
 5 

$ 
 9 

$ 
 41 

$ 
 21 

 Cross-currency interest rate swaps 

 5 

 15 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets 

$ 
 10 

$ 
 24 

$ 
 41 

$ 
 21 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other current liabilities 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 

$ 
 27 

$ 
 17 

$ 
 17 

$ 
 16 

 Cross-currency interest rate swaps 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities 

$ 
 28 

$ 
 17 

$ 
 17 

$ 
 16 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 The
Parent enters into International Swaps and Derivatives Associations (ISDA) master netting agreements with counterparties that permit the net settlement of amounts owed under the
derivative contracts. The master netting agreements generally provide for net settlement of all outstanding contracts with a counterparty in the case of an event of default or a termination event. The
Company has not elected to offset the fair value positions of the derivative contracts recorded in the combined statements of financial position. Collateral is generally not required of the Company or
the counterparties under the master netting agreements. As of September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2014, no cash collateral was received or pledged under the master netting agreements. 

 The
gross and net amounts of derivative assets and liabilities are as follows (in millions): 

 Fair Value of Assets 
 
 Fair Value of Liabilities 

 September 30, 
2015 
 
 September 30, 
2014 
 
 September 30, 
2015 
 
 September 30, 
2014 

 Gross amount recognized 

$ 
 51 

$ 
 45 

$ 
 45 

$ 
 33 

 Gross amount eligible for offsetting 

 (2 
 ) 
 
 (2 
 ) 
 
 (2 
 ) 
 
 (2 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net amount 

$ 
 49 

$ 
 43 

$ 
 43 

$ 
 31 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 The
following tables present the location and amount of the effective portion of gains and losses gross of tax on derivative instruments and related hedge items reclassified from AOCI
into the 

 F-26 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

10. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES (Continued) 

 Company's
combined statements of income and amounts recorded in AOCI net of tax in the combined statements of financial position (in millions): 

 Amount of 
Gain 
Reclassified 
from AOCI 
into Income 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 Location of Gain 
Reclassified 
from AOCI 
into Income 

 Derivatives in ASC 815 Cash 
Flow Hedging Relationships

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 
 
 Cost of sales 

$ 
 22 

$ 
 9 

 Amount of Loss Recognized 
in AOCI on Derivative 

 Derivatives in ASC 815 Cash 
Flow Hedging Relationships

 September 30, 
2015 
 
 September 30, 
2014 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 

$ 
 (17 
 ) 

$ 
 (6 
 ) 

 Amount of Gain (Loss) 
Recognized in 
Income on Derivative 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 Derivatives Not Designated 
as Hedging Instruments 
under ASC 815

 Location of Gain (Loss) 
Recognized in 
Income on Derivative 

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 
 
 Cost of sales 

$ 
 1 

$ 
 3 

$ 
 (6 
 ) 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 
 
 Net financing charges 

 14 

 5 

 18 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total 

$ 
 15 

$ 
 8 

$ 
 12 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 The
amount of gains recognized in cumulative translation adjustment (CTA) within AOCI on the effective portion of outstanding net investment hedges was $2 million and
$9 million at September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, no gains or losses were reclassified from CTA into income for the
Company's outstanding net investment hedges, and no gains or losses were recognized in income for the ineffective portion of cash flow hedges. 

11. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

 ASC 820, "Fair Value Measurement," defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a three-level fair value hierarchy that prioritizes information used in developing assumptions when pricing an asset or liability as
follows: 

 Level 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; 

 Level 2: Inputs, other than quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 

 Level 3: Unobservable inputs where there is little or no market data, which requires the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

 F-27 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

11. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued) 

 ASC
820 requires the use of observable market data, when available, in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the
hierarchy, the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Recurring Fair Value Measurements 

 The following tables present the Company's fair value hierarchy for those assets and liabilities measured at fair value (in millions): 

 Fair Value Measurements Using: 

 Total as of 
September 30, 
2015 
 
 Quoted 
Prices in 
Active 
Markets 
(Level 1) 
 
 Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2) 
 
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3) 

 Other current assets 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 

$ 
 46 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 46 

$ 
 &#151; 

 Cross-currency interest rate swaps 

 5 

 &#151; 

 5 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets 

$ 
 51 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 51 

$ 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other current liabilities 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 

$ 
 44 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 44 

$ 
 &#151; 

 Cross-currency interest rate swaps 

 1 

 &#151; 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities 

$ 
 45 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 45 

$ 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Fair Value Measurements Using: 

 Total as of 
September 30, 
2014 
 
 Quoted 
Prices in 
Active 
Markets 
(Level 1) 
 
 Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2) 
 
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3) 

 Other current assets 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 

$ 
 30 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 30 

$ 
 &#151; 

 Cross-currency interest rate swaps 

 15 

 &#151; 

 15 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets 

$ 
 45 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 45 

$ 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other current liabilities 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 

$ 
 33 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 33 

$ 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities 

$ 
 33 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 33 

$ 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

Valuation Methods 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives&#151;The Parent selectively hedges anticipated transactions that are subject to foreign
exchange rate risk primarily using foreign currency exchange hedge contracts. The foreign currency exchange derivatives are valued under a market approach using publicized spot and forward prices. As
cash flow hedges under ASC 815, "Derivatives and Hedging," the effective 

 F-28 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

11. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued) 

 portion
of the hedge gains or losses due to changes in fair value are initially recorded as a component of AOCI and are subsequently reclassified into earnings when the hedged transactions occur and
affect earnings. Any ineffective portion of the hedge is reflected in the combined statements of income. These contracts were highly effective in hedging the variability in future cash flows
attributable to changes in currency exchange rates at September 30, 2015 and 2014. The fair value of foreign currency exchange derivatives not designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815
are recorded in the combined statements of income. 

 Cross-currency
interest rate swaps&#151;The Parent selectively uses cross-currency interest rate swaps to hedge the foreign currency rate risk associated with certain of Adient's
investments in Japan. The cross-currency interest rate swaps are valued using observable market data. Changes in the market value of the swaps are reflected in the CTA component of AOCI where they
offset gains and losses recorded on the Company's net investment in Japan. At September 30, 2015 and 2014, the Parent had four cross-currency interest rate swaps outstanding totaling
20 billion yen. 

 Investments
in marketable common stock&#151;The Company invests in certain marketable common stock, which is valued under a market approach using publicized share prices. There
were no unrealized gains or losses recorded in AOCI on these investments as of September 30, 2015 and 2014. During fiscal 2014, the Company sold certain marketable common stock for
approximately $25 million. As a result, the Company recorded $8 million of realized gains within selling, general and administrative expenses in the Seating segment. 

12. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 

 On January 23, 2013, the shareholders of JCI approved the Johnson Controls, Inc. 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the "2012 Plan"). The types of awards authorized by the 2012
Plan are comprised of stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance shares, performance units and other stock-based awards. The Compensation Committee of JCI's Board of Directors determines
the types of awards to be granted to individual participants and the terms and conditions of the awards. The 2012 Plan provides that 37 million shares of JCI's common stock are reserved for
issuance under the 2012 Plan, and 32 million shares remained available for issuance at September 30, 2015. 

 Prior
to shareholder approval of the 2012 Plan, JCI maintained the Johnson Controls, Inc. 2007 Stock Option Plan and the Johnson Controls, Inc. 2001 Restricted Stock Plan
(the "Existing Plans"). The Existing Plans terminated on January 23, 2013 as a result of shareholder approval of the 2012 Plan, ending the authority to grant new awards under the Existing
Plans. All awards under the Existing Plans that were outstanding as of January 23, 2013 continue to be governed by the Existing Plans. Pursuant to the Existing Plans, all forfeitures under such
plans will be deposited into the reserve for the 2012 Plan. 

 JCI
has four share-based compensation plans, which are described below. All awards granted under the plans are based on JCI's common shares and, as such, are reflected in JCI's
consolidated statement of shareholders' equity and not in the combined statement of invested equity. 

 The
stock-based compensation cost for Adient employees who participate in the JCI plans, excluding the offsetting impact of outstanding JCI equity swaps, was $16 million,
$19 million and $28 million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The total income tax benefit recognized in the combined statements of
income for share-based compensation 

 F-29 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

12. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued) 

 arrangements
was $6 million, $7 million and $11 million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. JCI applies a non-substantive vesting
period approach whereby expense is accelerated for those employees that receive awards and are eligible to retire prior to the award vesting. These amounts were based on the awards and terms
previously granted to Adient employees, but may not reflect the equity awards or results that the Company would have experienced or expect to experience as an independent, publicly traded company. 

Stock Options 

 Stock options are granted to eligible employees with an exercise price equal to the market price of JCI's stock at the date of grant.
Stock option awards typically vest between two and three years after the grant date and expire ten years from the grant date. 

 The
fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option valuation model that uses the assumptions noted in the following table. Expected volatilities
are based on the historical volatility of JCI's stock and other factors. JCI uses historical data to estimate option exercises and employee terminations within the valuation model. The expected term
of options represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free rate for periods during the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury
yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 

 Year Ended September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Expected life of option (years) 
 
 6.6 

 6.7 
 
 5.0 - 6.7 

 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 1.61% - 1.93% 

 1.92 
 % 
 0.62% - 1.33% 

 Expected volatility of JCI's stock 
 
 36.00% 

 36.00 
 % 
 41.00% 

 Expected dividend yield on JCI's stock 
 
 2.02% 

 2.17 
 % 
 2.03% 

 A
summary of stock option activity at September 30, 2015, and changes for the year then ended, is presented below: 

 Weighted 
Average 
Option Price 
 
 Shares 
Subject 
to Option 
 
 Weighted 
Average 
Remaining 
Contractual 
Life (years) 
 
 Aggregate 
Intrinsic 
Value 
(in millions) 

 Outstanding, September 30, 2014 

$ 
 29.37 

 4,013,457 

 Granted 

 50.22 

 93,784 

 Exercised 

 29.28 

 (1,905,189 
 ) 

 Forfeited or expired 

 29.53 

 (5,585 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Outstanding, September 30, 2015 

$ 
 30.34 

 2,196,467 

 5.2 

$ 
 26 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Exercisable, September 30, 2015 

$ 
 28.71 

 1,736,818 

 4.6 

$ 
 22 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 The
weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted to Adient employees during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $15.53, $14.70 and $8.52,
respectively. 

 F-30 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

12. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued) 

 The
total intrinsic value of options exercised by Adient employees during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was approximately $30 million,
$30 million and $18 million, respectively. 

 In
conjunction with the exercise of stock options granted, the Parent received cash payments for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013 of approximately
$42 million, $38 million and $36 million, respectively. 

 At
September 30, 2015, the Company had approximately $1 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock options granted. That cost is expected to
be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.4 years. 

Stock Appreciation Rights 

 SARs vest under the same terms and conditions as stock option awards; however, they are settled in cash for the difference between the
market price on the date of exercise and the exercise price. As a result, SARs are recorded in the Company's combined statements of financial position as a liability until the date of exercise. 

 The
fair value of each SAR award is estimated using a similar method described for stock options. The fair value of each SAR award is recalculated at the end of each reporting period and
the liability and expense are adjusted based on the new fair value. 

 The
assumptions used by JCI to determine the fair value of the SAR awards at September 30, 2015 are as follows: 

 Expected life of SAR (years) 
 
 0.05 - 5.55 

 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 0.00% - 1.47% 

 Expected volatility of JCI's stock 
 
 36.00% 

 Expected dividend yield on JCI's stock 
 
 2.02% 

 A
summary of SAR activity at September 30, 2015, and changes for the year then ended, is presented below: 

 Weighted 
Average 
SAR Price 
 
 Shares 
Subject 
to SAR 
 
 Weighted 
Average 
Remaining 
Contractual 
Life (years) 
 
 Aggregate 
Intrinsic 
Value 
(in millions) 

 Outstanding, September 30, 2014 

$ 
 28.84 

 1,411,597 

 Granted 

 50.23 

 29,600 

 Exercised 

 27.76 

 (339,607 
 ) 

 Forfeited or expired 

 29.87 

 (13,070 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Outstanding, September 30, 2015 

$ 
 29.74 

 1,088,520 

 4.9 

$ 
 13 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Exercisable, September 30, 2015 

$ 
 28.74 

 853,488 

 4.2 

$ 
 11 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 In
conjunction with the exercise of SARs granted to Adient employees, the Parent made payments of $7 million, $7 million and $5 million during the fiscal years ended
September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

 F-31 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

12. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued) 

Restricted (Nonvested) Stock 

 The 2012 Plan provides for the award of restricted stock or restricted stock units to certain employees. These awards are typically
share settled unless the employee is a non-U.S. employee or elects to defer settlement until retirement at which point the award would be settled in cash. Restricted awards typically vest after three
years from the grant date. The 2012 Plan allows for different vesting terms on specific grants with approval by JCI's Board of Directors. 

 A
summary of the status of nonvested restricted stock awards at September 30, 2015, and changes for the fiscal year then ended, for Adient employees is presented below: 

 Weighted 
Average 
Price 
 
 Shares/Units 
Subject to 
Restriction 

 Nonvested, September 30, 2014 

$ 
 42.11 

 383,229 

 Granted 

 50.19 

 260,319 

 Vested 

 41.42 

 (117,851 
 ) 

 Forfeited 

 49.22 

 (24,582 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Nonvested, September 30, 2015 

$ 
 46.12 

 501,115 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 At
September 30, 2015, the Company had approximately $10 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock arrangements granted. That
cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.7 years. 

Performance Share Awards 

 The 2012 Plan permits the grant of PSU awards. The number of PSUs granted is equal to the PSU award value divided by the closing price
of JCI's common stock at the grant date. The PSUs are generally contingent on the achievement of pre-determined performance goals over a three-year performance period as well as on the award holder's
continuous employment until the vesting date. Each PSU that is earned will be settled with a share of JCI's common stock following the completion of the performance period, unless the award holder
elected to defer a portion or all of the award until retirement which would then be settled in cash. 

 A
summary of the status of the Company's nonvested PSUs at September 30, 2015, and changes for the fiscal year then ended, for Adient employees is presented below: 

 Weighted Average 
Price 
 
 Shares/Units 
Subject to PSU 

 Nonvested, September 30, 2014 

$ 
 37.71 

 74,987 

 Granted 

 50.23 

 29,444 

 Forfeited 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Nonvested, September 30, 2015 

$ 
 41.24 

 104,431 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 At
September 30, 2015, the Company had approximately $3 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested PSUs granted. That cost is expected to be
recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.7 years. 

 F-32 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

13. EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 

 The following schedules present changes in combined equity attributable to Adient and noncontrolling interests (in millions, net of tax): 

 Equity 
Attributable to 
Adient 
 
 Equity 
Attributable to 
Noncontrolling 
Interests 
 
 Total Invested 
Equity 

 At September 30, 2012 

$ 
 5,558 

$ 
 115 

$ 
 5,673 

 Total comprehensive income (loss): 

 Net income 

 187 

 46 

 233 

 Foreign currency translation adjustments 

 9 

 &#151; 

 9 

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives 

 (2 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (2 
 ) 

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on marketable common stock 

 2 

 &#151; 

 2 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other comprehensive income (loss) 

 9 

 &#151; 

 9 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Comprehensive income (loss) 

 196 

 46 

 242 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other change in equity: 

 Dividends attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 &#151; 

 (20 
 ) 
 
 (20 
 ) 

 Change in Parent's net investment 

 (172 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (172 
 ) 

 Change in noncontrolling interest share 

 &#151; 

 15 

 15 

 At September 30, 2013 

5,582 

156 

5,738 

 Total comprehensive income (loss): 

 Net income 

 307 

 53 

 360 

 Foreign currency translation adjustments 

 (253 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (253 
 ) 

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives 

 1 

 &#151; 

 1 

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on marketable common stock 

 (7 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (7 
 ) 

 Pension and postretirement plans 

 1 

 &#151; 

 1 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other comprehensive income (loss) 

 (258 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (258 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Comprehensive income (loss) 

 49 

 53 

 102 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other change in equity: 

 Dividends attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 &#151; 

 (41 
 ) 
 
 (41 
 ) 

 Change in Parent's net investment 

 (178 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (178 
 ) 

 Change in noncontrolling interest share 

 &#151; 

 (3 
 ) 
 
 (3 
 ) 

 Other 

 &#151; 

 (6 
 ) 
 
 (6 
 ) 

 At September 30, 2014 

5,453 

159 

5,612 

 Total comprehensive income (loss): 

 Net income 

 475 

 50 

 525 

 Foreign currency translation adjustments 

 (512 
 ) 
 
 (5 
 ) 
 
 (517 
 ) 

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives 

 (11 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (11 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other comprehensive income (loss) 

 (523 
 ) 
 
 (5 
 ) 
 
 (528 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Comprehensive income (loss) 

 (48 
 ) 
 
 45 

 (3 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other change in equity: 

 Dividends attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 &#151; 

 (34 
 ) 
 
 (34 
 ) 

 Change in Parent's net investment 

 221 

 &#151; &#151; 

 221 

 Other 

 &#151; 

 (29 
 ) 
 
 (29 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 At September 30, 2015 

$ 
 5,626 

$ 
 141 

$ 
 5,767 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 The
Company consolidates certain subsidiaries in which the noncontrolling interest party has within their control the right to require the Company to redeem all or a portion of its
interest in the 

 F-33 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

13. EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued) 

 subsidiary.
These redeemable noncontrolling interests are reported at their estimated redemption value. Any adjustment to the redemption value impacts retained earnings but does not impact net income.
Redeemable noncontrolling interests which are redeemable only upon future events, the occurrence of which is not currently probable, are recorded at carrying value. 

 The
following schedules present changes in the redeemable noncontrolling interests (in millions): 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Beginning balance 

$ 
 27 

$ 
 11 

$ 
 28 

 Net income 

 16 

 14 

 12 

 Foreign currency translation adjustments 

 (3 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Change in noncontrolling interest share 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (15 
 ) 

 Dividends 

 (9 
 ) 
 
 (4 
 ) 
 
 (14 
 ) 

 Other 

 &#151; 

 6 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Ending balance 

$ 
 31 

$ 
 27 

$ 
 11 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-34 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

13. EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued) 

 The
following schedules present changes in AOCI attributable to Adient (in millions, net of tax): 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Foreign currency translation adjustments 

 Balance at beginning of period 

$ 
 283 

$ 
 536 

$ 
 527 

 Aggregate adjustment for the period (net of tax effect of $6, $8 and $22) 

 (512 
 ) 
 
 (253 
 ) 
 
 9 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at end of period 

 (229 
 ) 
 
 283 

 536 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives 

 Balance at beginning of period 

 (6 
 ) 
 
 (7 
 ) 
 
 (5 
 ) 

 Current period changes in fair value (net of tax effect of $1, $2 and $0) 

 5 

 7 

 1 

 Reclassification to income (net of tax effect of $(6), $(3) and $(1))* 

 (16 
 ) 
 
 (6 
 ) 
 
 (3 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at end of period 

 (17 
 ) 
 
 (6 
 ) 
 
 (7 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Realize and unrealized gains (losses) on marketable common stock 

 Balance at beginning of period 

 &#151; 

 7 

 5 

 Current period changes in fair value (net of tax effect of $0) 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 2 

 Reclassifications to income (net of tax effect of $0, $(2) and $0)** 

 &#151; 

 (6 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at end of period 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 7 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Pension and postretirement plans 

 Balance at beginning of period 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 (2 
 ) 
 
 (2 
 ) 

 Reclassifications to income (net of tax effect of $0) 

 &#151; 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at end of period 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 (2 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), end of period 

$ 
 (247 
 ) 

$ 
 276 

$ 
 534 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 * Refer
to Note 10, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," of the notes to combined financial statements for disclosure of the line items on
the combined statements of income affected by reclassifications from AOCI into income related to derivatives.
 ** Refer
to Note 11, "Fair Value Measurements," of the notes to combined financial statements for disclosure of the line item on the combined statements
of income affected by reclassifications from AOCI into income related to marketable common stock. 

14. RETIREMENT PLANS 

Participation in Parent Pension and Other Postemployment Benefit Plans 

 JCI provides defined benefit pension, postretirement health care and defined contribution benefits to its eligible employees and
retirees, including eligible employees and retirees of Adient. These liabilities are not reflected in the combined statements of financial position. 

 The
combined statements of income include expense allocations for these benefits which were determined using a proportional allocation based on headcount and payroll expense for the
Company's employees. Management considers the expense allocation methodology and results to be reasonable for 

 F-35 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

14. RETIREMENT PLANS (Continued) 

 all
periods presented. Total Parent benefit plan net expense allocated to Adient amounted to $32 million, $45 million and $21 million for the fiscal years ended 2015, 2014 and
2013, respectively. These costs are reflected in cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses. These costs were funded through intercompany transactions with Parent which are now
reflected within the net parent investment equity balance. 

Parent Defined Benefit Pension Plans 

 Certain retired U.S. and Japanese employees of Adient receive defined benefit pension benefits through various Parent pension plans.
Eligible active employees will also receive defined benefit pension benefits through various Parent pension plans in both the United States and Japan upon retirement. Allocated expense (income) in
connection with these plans amounted to $(19) million, $6 million and $(12) million for the fiscal years ended 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

Parent Other Postemployment Benefit Plans 

 Certain retired U.S. and Canadian employees of Adient receive health care and other benefits through various Parent postretirement
health care benefit plans. Eligible active employees will also receive postretirement health care benefits through various Parent postretirement plans in both the United States and Canada upon
retirement. Allocated expense in connection with these plans was not significant for the fiscal years ended 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

Parent Savings and Investment Plans 

 JCI sponsors various defined contribution savings plans that allow employees to contribute a portion of their pre-tax and/or after-tax
income in accordance with plan specified guidelines. Under specified conditions, JCI will contribute to certain savings plans based on the employees' eligible pay and/or will match a percentage of the
employee contributions up to certain limits. Allocated expense in connection with these plans amounted to $51 million, $39 million and $33 million for the fiscal years ended 2015,
2014 and 2013, respectively. 

Pension Benefits 

 The Company has non-contributory defined benefit pension plans covering primarily non-U.S. employees and a limited number of U.S.
employees. The benefits provided are primarily based on years of service and average compensation or a monthly retirement benefit amount. Funding for non-U.S. plans observes the local legal and
regulatory limits. Funding for U.S. pension plans equals or exceeds the minimum requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 

 For
pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations (ABO) that exceed plan assets, the projected benefit obligation (PBO), ABO and fair value of plan assets of those plans were
$403 million, $383 million and $287 million, respectively, as of September 30, 2015 and $459 million, $434 million and $305 million, respectively, as
of September 30, 2014. 

 In
fiscal 2015, total Adient contributions to the defined benefit pension plans were $25 million, of which $3 million were voluntary contributions made by the Company.
Contributions of approximately 

 F-36 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

14. RETIREMENT PLANS (Continued) 

 $30 million
in cash to its defined benefit pension plans are expected in fiscal 2016. Projected benefit payments from the plans as of September 30, 2015 are estimated as follows (in
millions): 

 2016 

$ 
 18 

 2017 

 18 

 2018 

 18 

 2019 

 21 

 2020 

 21 

 2021 - 2025 

 132 

Postretirement Benefits 

 The Company provides certain health care and life insurance benefits for eligible retirees and their dependents primarily in the U.S.
and Canada. Most non-U.S. employees are covered by government sponsored programs, and the cost to the Company is not significant. 

 Eligibility
for coverage is based on meeting certain years of service and retirement age qualifications. These benefits may be subject to deductibles, co-payment provisions and other
limitations, and the Company has reserved the right to modify these benefits. 

 The
health care cost trend assumption does not have a significant effect on the amounts reported. 

 In
fiscal 2015, total employer and employee contributions to the postretirement plans were $1 million. The Company does not expect to make any significant contributions to its
postretirement plans in fiscal year 2016. Projected benefit payments from the plans as of September 30, 2015 are estimated as follows (in millions): 

 2016 

$ 
 1 

 2017 

 1 

 2018 

 1 

 2019 

 1 

 2020 

 1 

 2021 - 2025 

 6 

 In
December 2003, the U.S. Congress enacted the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (Act) for employers sponsoring postretirement care plans that
provide prescription drug benefits. The Act introduces a prescription drug benefit under Medicare as well as a federal subsidy to sponsors of retiree health care benefit plans providing a benefit that
is at least actuarially equivalent to Medicare Part D.1. Under the Act, the Medicare subsidy amount is received directly by the plan sponsor and not the related plan. Further, the plan sponsor
is not required to use the subsidy amount to fund postretirement benefits and may use the subsidy for any valid business purpose. Projected subsidy receipts for each of the next ten years are not
expected to be significant. 

Plan Assets 

 The Company's investment policies employ an approach whereby a mix of equities, fixed income and alternative investments are used to
maximize the long-term return of plan assets for a prudent level of risk. The investment portfolio primarily contains a diversified blend of equity and fixed income 

 F-37 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

14. RETIREMENT PLANS (Continued) 

 investments.
Equity investments are diversified across domestic and non-domestic stocks, as well as growth, value and small to large capitalizations. Fixed income investments include corporate and
government issues, with short-, mid- and long-term maturities, with a focus on investment grade when purchased and a target duration close to that of the plan liability. Investment and market risks
are measured and monitored on an ongoing basis through regular investment portfolio reviews, annual liability measurements and periodic asset/liability studies. The majority of the real estate
component of the portfolio is invested in a diversified portfolio of high-quality, operating properties with cash yields greater than the targeted appreciation. Investments in other alternative asset
classes, including hedge funds and commodities, diversify the expected investment returns relative to the equity and fixed income investments. As a result of the Company's diversification strategies,
there are no significant concentrations of risk within the portfolio of investments. 

 The
Company's actual asset allocations are in line with target allocations. The Company rebalances asset allocations as appropriate, in order to stay within a range of allocation for
each asset category. 

 The
expected return on plan assets is based on the Company's expectation of the long-term average rate of return of the capital markets in which the plans invest. The average market
returns are adjusted, where appropriate, for active asset management returns. The expected return reflects the investment policy target asset mix and considers the historical returns earned for each
asset category. 

 F-38 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

14. RETIREMENT PLANS (Continued) 

 The
Company's plan assets, by asset category, are as follows (in millions): 

 Fair Value Measurements Using: 

 Asset Category

 Total as of 
September 30, 
2015 
 
 Quoted Prices 
in Active 
Markets 
(Level 1) 
 
 Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2) 
 
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3) 

 Pension 

 Cash 

$ 
 27 

$ 
 27 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

 Equity Securities 

 Large-Cap 

 32 

 32 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Small-Cap 

 1 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 International&#151;Developed 

 42 

 42 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 International&#151;Emerging 

 7 

 7 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Fixed Income Securities 

 Government 

 147 

 102 

 45 

 &#151; 

 Corporate/Other 

 77 

 61 

 16 

 &#151; 

 Hedge Fund 

 64 

 &#151; 

 64 

 &#151; 

 Real Estate 

 24 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 24 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total 

$ 
 421 

$ 
 272 

$ 
 125 

$ 
 24 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Postretirement 

 Cash 

$ 
 1 

$ 
 1 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

 Equity Securities 

 Large-Cap 

 2 

 2 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Small-Cap 

 1 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 International&#151;Developed 

 1 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 International&#151;Emerging 

 1 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Fixed Income Securities 

 Government 

 1 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Corporate/Other 

 4 

 4 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Commodities 

 1 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Real Estate 

 1 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total 

$ 
 13 

$ 
 13 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-39 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

14. RETIREMENT PLANS (Continued) 

 Fair Value Measurements Using: 

 Asset Category

 Total as of 
September 30, 
2014 
 
 Quoted Prices 
in Active 
Markets 
(Level 1) 
 
 Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2) 
 
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3) 

 Pension 

 Cash 

$ 
 56 

$ 
 56 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

 Equity Securities 

 Large-Cap 

 31 

 31 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Small-Cap 

 1 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 International&#151;Developed 

 45 

 45 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 International&#151;Emerging 

 6 

 6 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Fixed Income Securities 

 Government 

 71 

 71 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Corporate/Other 

 186 

 185 

 1 

 &#151; 

 Hedge Fund 

 45 

 &#151; 

 45 

 &#151; 

 Real Estate 

 12 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 12 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total 

$ 
 453 

$ 
 395 

$ 
 46 

$ 
 12 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Postretirement 

 Equity Securities 

 Large-Cap 

$ 
 2 

$ 
 2 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

 Small-Cap 

 1 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 International&#151;Developed 

 1 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 International&#151;Emerging 

 1 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Fixed Income Securities 

 Government 

 2 

 2 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Corporate/Other 

 5 

 5 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Commodities 

 1 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Real Estate 

 1 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total 

$ 
 14 

$ 
 14 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 The
following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value. 

 Cash: The fair value of cash is valued at cost. 

 Equity Securities: The fair value of equity securities is determined by direct quoted market prices. The underlying holdings are direct
quoted market
prices on regulated financial exchanges. 

 Fixed Income Securities: The fair value of fixed income securities is determined by direct or indirect quoted market prices. If
indirect quoted
market prices are utilized, the value of assets held in separate accounts is not published, but the investment managers report daily the underlying holdings. The underlying holdings are direct quoted
market prices on regulated financial exchanges. 

 Commodities: The fair value of the commodities is determined by quoted market prices of the underlying holdings on regulated financial
exchanges. 

 F-40 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

14. RETIREMENT PLANS (Continued) 

 Hedge Funds: The fair value of hedge funds is accounted for by the custodian. The custodian obtains valuations from underlying managers
based on
market quotes for the most liquid assets and alternative methods for assets that do not have sufficient trading activity to derive prices. The Company and
custodian review the methods used by the underlying managers to value the assets. The Company believes this is an appropriate methodology to obtain the fair value of these assets. During fiscal 2014,
the underlying fund structure and pricing frequency of certain non-U.S. hedge fund investments was modified, and, as a result, those investments are now classified as Level 2 investments
compared to the previous classification of Level 3. 

 Real Estate: The fair value of Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) is recorded as Level 1 as these securities are traded on an
open
exchange. The fair value of other investments in real estate is deemed Level 3 since these investments do not have a readily determinable fair value and requires the fund managers independently
to arrive at fair value by calculating net asset value (NAV) per share. In order to calculate NAV per share, the fund managers value the real estate investments using any one, or a combination of, the
following methods: independent third party appraisals, discounted cash flow analysis of net cash flows projected to be generated by the investment and recent sales of comparable investments.
Assumptions used to revalue the properties are updated every quarter. Due to the fact that the fund managers calculate NAV per share, the Company utilizes a practical expedient for measuring the fair
value of its Level 3 real-estate investments, as provided for under ASC 820, "Fair Value Measurement." In applying the practical expedient, the Company is not required to further adjust the NAV
provided by the fund manager in order to determine the fair value of its investment as the NAV per share is calculated in a manner consistent with the measurement principles of ASC 946, "Financial
Services&#151;Investment Companies," and as of the Company's measurement date. The Company believes this is an appropriate methodology to obtain the fair value of these assets. For the
component of the real estate portfolio under development, the investments are carried at cost until they are completed and valued by a third party appraiser. 

 The
methods described above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Company
believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial
instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. 

 The
following sets forth a summary of changes in the fair value of pension assets measured using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) (in millions): 

 Pension

 Total 
 
 Hedge Funds 
 
 Real Estate 

 Asset value as of September 30, 2013 

$ 
 32 

$ 
 26 

$ 
 6 

 Additions net of redemptions 

 5 

 &#151; 

 5 

 Unrealized gain 

 1 

 &#151; 

 1 

 Transfers out&#151;to Level 2 

 (26 
 ) 
 
 (26 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Asset value as of September 30, 2014 

$ 
 12 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 12 

 Additions net of redemptions 

 14 

 &#151; 

 14 

 Unrealized loss 

 (2 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (2 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Asset value as of September 30, 2015 

$ 
 24 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 24 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-41 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

14. RETIREMENT PLANS (Continued) 

Funded Status 

 The table that follows contains the ABO and reconciliations of the changes in the PBO, the changes in plan assets and the funded status
(in millions): 

 Pension Benefits 
 
 Postretirement 
Benefits 

 September 30,

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 

 Accumulated Benefit Obligation 

$ 
 506 

$ 
 570 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Change in Projected Benefit Obligation 

 Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year 

 594 

 523 

 18 

 25 

 Service cost 

 10 

 11 

 1 

 1 

 Interest cost 

 19 

 22 

 1 

 1 

 Plan participant contributions 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1 

 1 

 Divestitures 

 (16 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Actuarial (gain) loss 

 &#151; 

 78 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 (8 
 ) 

 Amendments made during the year 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Benefits and settlements paid 

 (20 
 ) 
 
 (21 
 ) 
 
 (2 
 ) 
 
 (2 
 ) 

 Other 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 (3 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Currency translation adjustment 

 (61 
 ) 
 
 (18 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Projected benefit obligation at end of year 

$ 
 527 

$ 
 594 

$ 
 15 

$ 
 18 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Change in Plan Assets 

 Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

$ 
 453 

$ 
 371 

$ 
 14 

$ 
 14 

 Actual return on plan assets 

 15 

 41 

 &#151; 

 1 

 Divestitures 

 (8 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Employer and employee contributions 

 25 

 77 

 1 

 1 

 Benefits paid 

 (19 
 ) 
 
 (18 
 ) 
 
 (2 
 ) 
 
 (2 
 ) 

 Settlement payments 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 (3 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Other 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Currency translation adjustment 

 (44 
 ) 
 
 (14 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

$ 
 421 

$ 
 453 

$ 
 13 

$ 
 14 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Funded status 

$ 
 (106 
 ) 

$ 
 (141 
 ) 

$ 
 (2 
 ) 

$ 
 (4 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Amounts recognized in the statement of financial position consist of: 

 Prepaid benefit cost 

$ 
 11 

$ 
 12 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

 Accrued benefit liability 

 (117 
 ) 
 
 (153 
 ) 
 
 (2 
 ) 
 
 (4 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net amount recognized 

$ 
 (106 
 ) 

$ 
 (141 
 ) 

$ 
 (2 
 ) 

$ 
 (4 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-42 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

14. RETIREMENT PLANS (Continued) 

 Pension Benefits 

 Postretirement 
Benefits 

 U.S. Plans 
 
 Non-U.S. Plans 

 September 30,

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 

 Weighted Average Assumptions(1) 

 Discount rate(2) 

 4.40 
 % 
 
 4.35 
 % 
 
 3.40 
 % 
 
 3.50 
 % 
 
 3.80 
 % 
 
 4.35 
 % 

 Rate of compensation increase 

 3.25 
 % 
 
 3.25 
 % 
 
 3.00 
 % 
 
 3.00 
 % 
 
 NA 

 NA 

 (1) Plan
assets and obligations are determined based on a September 30 measurement date at September 30, 2015 and 2014.
 (2) The
Company considers the expected benefit payments on a plan-by-plan basis when setting assumed discount rates. As a result, the Company uses different
discount rates for each plan depending on the plan jurisdiction, the demographics of participants and the expected timing of benefit payments. For the U.S. pension and postretirement plans, the
Company uses a discount rate provided by an independent third party calculated based on an appropriate mix of high quality bonds. For the non-U.S. pension and postretirement plans, the Company
consistently uses the relevant country specific benchmark indices for determining the various discount rates. 

 At
September 30, 2015, the Company changed the method used to estimate the service and interest components of net periodic benefit cost for pension and other postretirement benefits for plans
that utilize a yield curve approach. This change compared to the previous method will result in different service and interest components of net periodic benefit cost (credit) in future periods.
Historically, the Company estimated these service and interest cost components utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at
the beginning of the period. The Company elected to utilize a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the
determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. The Company made this change to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the
correlation between projected benefit cash flows to the corresponding spot yield curve rates. This change does not affect the measurement of the total benefit obligations or annual net periodic
benefit cost (credit) as the change in the service and interest costs is completely offset in the net actuarial (gain) loss reported. The change in the service and interest costs going forward is not
expected to be significant. The Company has accounted for this change as a change in accounting estimate. 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

 The amounts in AOCI on the combined statements of financial position, exclusive of tax impacts, that have not yet been recognized as
components of net periodic benefit cost
at September 30, 2015 are $3 million related to pension benefits and are not significant related to postretirement benefits. 

 The
amounts in AOCI expected to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year for pension and postretirement benefits are not significant. 

 F-43 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

14. RETIREMENT PLANS (Continued) 

Net Periodic Benefit Cost 

 The table that follows contains the components of net periodic benefit cost (in millions): 

 Pension Benefits 
 
 Postretirement 
Benefits 

 Year Ended September 30,

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit): 

 Service cost 

$ 
 10 

$ 
 11 

$ 
 13 

$ 
 1 

$ 
 1 

$ 
 1 

 Interest cost 

 19 

 22 

 19 

 1 

 1 

 1 

 Expected return on plan assets 

 (21 
 ) 
 
 (21 
 ) 
 
 (20 
 ) 
 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Net actuarial (gain) loss 

 6 

 58 

 15 

 &#151; 

 (8 
 ) 
 
 (2 
 ) 

 Settlement gain 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net periodic benefit cost (credit) 

$ 
 14 

$ 
 70 

$ 
 26 

$ 
 1 

$ 
 (7 
 ) 

$ 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Pension Benefits 

 Postretirement 
Benefits 

 U.S. Plans 
 
 Non-U.S. Plans 

 Year Ended September 30,

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Expense Assumptions: 

 Discount rate 

 4.35 
 % 
 
 4.90 
 % 
 
 4.15 
 % 
 
 3.50 
 % 
 
 4.20 
 % 
 
 4.15 
 % 
 
 4.35 
 % 
 
 4.90 
 % 
 
 4.15 
 % 

 Expected return on plan assets 

 7.50 
 % 
 
 8.00 
 % 
 
 8.00 
 % 
 
 5.40 
 % 
 
 5.85 
 % 
 
 6.00 
 % 
 
 4.00 
 % 
 
 4.00 
 % 
 
 4.00 
 % 

 Rate of compensation increase 

 3.25 
 % 
 
 3.30 
 % 
 
 3.25 
 % 
 
 3.00 
 % 
 
 2.80 
 % 
 
 2.70 
 % 
 
 NA 

 NA 

 NA 

15. SIGNIFICANT RESTRUCTURING AND IMPAIRMENT COSTS 

 To better align its resources with its growth strategies and reduce the cost structure of its global
operations to address the softness in certain underlying markets, the Company commits to restructuring plans as necessary. 

 In
fiscal 2015, the Company committed to a restructuring plan (2015 Plan) and recorded $182 million of restructuring and impairment costs in the combined statements of income.
This is the total amount incurred to date and the total amount expected to be incurred for this restructuring plan. The restructuring actions relate to cost reduction initiatives. The costs consist
primarily of workforce reductions, plant closures and asset impairments. The restructuring and impairment costs related to the Seating segment. The restructuring actions are expected to be
substantially complete in fiscal 2016. 

 The
following table summarizes the changes in the Company's 2015 Plan reserve (in millions): 

 Employee 
Severance and 
Termination 
Benefits 
 
 Long-Lived Asset 
Impairments 
 
 Total 

 Original Reserve 

$ 
 155 

$ 
 27 

$ 
 182 

 Utilized&#151;cash 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 Utilized&#151;noncash 

 &#151; 

 (27 
 ) 
 
 (27 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at September 30, 2015 

$ 
 154 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 154 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-44 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

15. SIGNIFICANT RESTRUCTURING AND IMPAIRMENT COSTS (Continued) 

 In
fiscal 2014, the Company committed to a restructuring plan (2014 Plan) and recorded $158 million of restructuring and impairment costs in the combined statements of income.
This is the total amount incurred to date and the total amount expected to be incurred for this restructuring plan. The restructuring actions related primarily to cost reduction initiatives and
included workforce reductions, plant closures, and asset impairments. Of the restructuring and impairment costs recorded, $129 million related to the Interiors segment and $29 million
related to the Seating segment. The restructuring actions are expected to be substantially complete in fiscal 2016. 

 The
following table summarizes the changes in the Company's 2014 Plan reserve (in millions): 

 Employee 
Severance and 
Termination 
Benefits 
 
 Long-Lived Asset 
Impairments 
 
 Currency 
Translation 
 
 Total 

 Original Reserve 

$ 
 106 

$ 
 52 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 158 

 Utilized&#151;noncash 

 &#151; 

 (52 
 ) 
 
 (5 
 ) 
 
 (57 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at September 30, 2014 

$ 
 106 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 (5 
 ) 

$ 
 101 

 Utilized&#151;cash 

 (24 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (24 
 ) 

 Utilized&#151;noncash 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (9 
 ) 
 
 (9 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at September 30, 2015 

$ 
 82 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 (14 
 ) 

$ 
 68 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 In
fiscal 2013, the Company committed to a restructuring plan (2013 Plan) and recorded $280 million of restructuring and impairment costs in the combined statements of income.
This is the total amount incurred to date and the total amount expected to be incurred for this restructuring plan. The restructuring actions related to cost reduction initiatives and included
workforce reductions, plant closures, and asset impairments. Of the restructuring and impairment costs recorded, $152 million related to the Seating segment and $128 million related to
the Interiors segment. The restructuring actions are expected to be substantially complete in fiscal 2016. 

 The
following table summarizes the changes in the Company's 2013 Plan reserve (in millions): 

 Employee 
Severance and 
Termination 
Benefits 
 
 Long-Lived Asset 
Impairments 
 
 Other 
 
 Currency 
Translation 
 
 Total 

 Original Reserve 

$ 
 199 

$ 
 79 

$ 
 2 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 280 

 Utilized&#151;cash 

 (15 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (15 
 ) 

 Utilized&#151;noncash 

 &#151; 

 (79 
 ) 
 
 (2 
 ) 
 
 3 

 (78 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at September 30, 2013 

$ 
 184 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 3 

$ 
 187 

 Utilized&#151;cash 

 (54 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (54 
 ) 

 Utilized&#151;noncash 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (9 
 ) 
 
 (9 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at September 30, 2014 

$ 
 130 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 (6 
 ) 

$ 
 124 

 Utilized&#151;cash 

 (66 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (66 
 ) 

 Utilized&#151;noncash 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (10 
 ) 
 
 (10 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at September 30, 2015 

$ 
 64 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 (16 
 ) 

$ 
 48 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-45 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

15. SIGNIFICANT RESTRUCTURING AND IMPAIRMENT COSTS (Continued) 

 The Parent's fiscal 2015, 2014, and 2013 restructuring plans included workforce reductions of approximately 8,200 for Adient. Restructuring charges associated with employee severance and
termination benefits are paid over the severance period granted to each employee or on a lump sum basis in accordance with individual severance agreements. As of September 30, 2015,
approximately 4,400 of the employees have been separated from the Company pursuant to the restructuring plans. In addition, the restructuring plans included eighteen plant closures for Adient. As of
September 30, 2015, five of the eighteen plants have been closed. 

 Refer
to Note 16, "Impairment of Long-Lived Assets," of the notes to combined financial statements for further information regarding the long-lived asset impairment charges
recorded as part of the restructuring actions. 

 Company
management closely monitors its overall cost structure and continually analyzes each of its businesses for opportunities to consolidate current operations, improve operating
efficiencies and locate facilities in low cost countries in close proximity to customers. This ongoing analysis includes a review of its manufacturing, engineering and purchasing operations, as well
as the overall global footprint for all its businesses. Because of the importance of new vehicle sales by major automotive manufacturers to operations, the Company is affected by the general business
conditions in this industry. Future adverse developments in the automotive industry could impact the Company's liquidity position, lead to impairment charges and/or require additional restructuring of
its operations. 

16. IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS 

 The Company reviews long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets with definite lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company conducts its long-lived asset impairment analyses in accordance with ASC 360-10-15, "Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived
Assets." ASC 360-10-15 requires the Company to group assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and
liabilities and evaluate the asset group against the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows. If the undiscounted cash flows do not indicate the carrying amount of the asset is recoverable, an
impairment charge is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its fair value based on discounted cash flow analysis or appraisals. 

 In
fiscal 2015, the Company concluded it had triggering events requiring assessment of impairment for certain of its long-lived assets in conjunction with its announced restructuring
actions. As a result, the Company reviewed the long-lived assets for impairment and recorded a $27 million impairment charge
within restructuring and impairment costs on the combined statements of income. The total impairment charge related to the Seating segment. Refer to Note 15, "Significant Restructuring and
Impairment Costs," of the notes to combined financial statements for additional information. The impairment was measured, depending on the asset, either under an income approach utilizing forecasted
discounted cash flows or a market approach utilizing an appraisal to determine fair values of the impaired assets. These methods are consistent with the methods the Company employed in prior periods
to value other long-lived assets. The inputs utilized in the analyses are classified as Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy as defined in ASC 820, "Fair Value Measurement" and
primarily consist of expected future cash flows, estimated production volumes, discount rates, estimated salvage values and third-party appraisals. 

 F-46 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

16. IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS (Continued) 

 In
fiscal 2014, the Company concluded it had triggering events requiring assessment of impairment for certain of its long-lived assets in conjunction with its restructuring actions
announced in fiscal 2014. As a result, the Company reviewed the long-lived assets for impairment and recorded a $52 million impairment charge within restructuring and impairment costs on the
combined statements of income. Of the total impairment charge, $45 million related to the Interiors segment and $7 million related to the Seating segment. Refer to Note 15,
"Significant Restructuring and Impairment Costs," of the notes to combined financial statements for additional information. The impairment was measured, depending on the asset, either under an income
approach utilizing forecasted discounted cash flows or a market approach utilizing an appraisal to determine fair values of the impaired assets. These methods are consistent with the methods the
Company employed in prior periods to value other long-lived assets. The inputs utilized in the analyses are classified as Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy as defined in ASC 820,
"Fair Value Measurement" and primarily consist of expected future cash flows, estimated production volumes, discount rates, estimated salvage values and third-party appraisals. 

 In
fiscal 2013, the Company concluded it had a triggering event requiring assessment of impairment for certain of its long-lived assets in conjunction with its restructuring actions
announced in fiscal 2013. As a result, the Company reviewed the long-lived assets for impairment and recorded a $79 million impairment charge within restructuring and impairment costs on the
combined statements of income. Of the total impairment charge, $57 million related to the Interiors segment and $22 million related to the Seating segment. Refer to Note 15,
"Significant Restructuring and Impairment Costs," of the notes to combined financial statements for additional information. The impairment was measured, depending on the asset, either under an income
approach utilizing forecasted discounted cash flows or a market approach utilizing an appraisal to determine fair values of the impaired assets. These methods are consistent with the methods the
Company employed in prior periods to value other long-lived assets. The inputs utilized in the analyses are classified as Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy as defined in ASC 820,
"Fair Value Measurement" and primarily consist of expected future cash flows, estimated production volumes, discount rates, estimated salvage values and third-party appraisals. 

 At
September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company concluded it did not have any other triggering events requiring assessment of impairment of its long-lived assets. 

17. INCOME TAXES 

 The income tax (benefit) provision in the combined statements of income has been calculated as if Adient filed separate income tax returns and was operating as a stand-alone business.
Therefore, cash tax payments and items of current and deferred taxes may not be reflective of the actual tax balances of Adient prior to or subsequent to the separation. The Company's operations have
historically been included in the Parent's U.S. federal and state tax returns or non-U.S. jurisdiction tax returns. 

 The
Parent's global tax model has been developed based upon its entire portfolio of business. Accordingly, the Company's tax results as presented are not necessarily indicative of future
performance and do not necessarily reflect the results that would have generated as an independent company for the periods presented. 

 Because
portions of the Company's operations are included in the Parent's tax returns, payments to certain tax authorities are made by the Parent, and not by the Company. With the
exception of certain dedicated foreign entities, the Company does not maintain taxes payable to/from JCI and the balances are deemed to settle the annual current tax balances immediately with the
legal tax-paying 

 F-47 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

17. INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

 entities
in the respective jurisdictions. These settlements are reflected as changes in the Parent's net investment. 

 The
more significant components of the Company's income tax provision are in the following table. These amounts do not include the impact of income tax expense related to our
nonconsolidated partially-owned affiliates, which is netted against equity income on the combined statements of income. 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 (in millions) 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Tax expense at federal statutory rate 

$ 
 336 

$ 
 235 

$ 
 144 

 State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

 15 

 8 

 (1 
 ) 

 Foreign income tax expense at different rates and foreign losses without tax benefits 

 (13 
 ) 
 
 (14 
 ) 
 
 34 

 U.S. tax on foreign income 

 (252 
 ) 
 
 9 

 (21 
 ) 

 U.S. credits and incentives 

 (6 
 ) 
 
 (8 
 ) 
 
 (11 
 ) 

 Business divestitures 

 356 

 71 

 &#151; 

 Reserve and valuation allowance adjustments 

 (13 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 10 

 Other 

 (5 
 ) 
 
 (5 
 ) 
 
 13 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income tax provision 

$ 
 418 

$ 
 296 

$ 
 168 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 The
effective rate is above the U.S. statutory rate for fiscal 2015 primarily due to the tax consequences of business divestitures partially offset by the benefits of U.S. tax on foreign
income, income in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions with a tax rate lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate and continuing global tax planning initiatives. The effective rate is above the U.S. statutory
rate for fiscal 2014 primarily due to the tax consequences of business divestitures partially offset by the benefits of continuing global tax planning initiatives and income in certain non-U.S.
jurisdictions with a tax rate lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate. The effective rate is above the U.S. statutory rate for fiscal 2013 primarily due to losses not benefited. 

Valuation Allowances 

 The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, "Income Taxes." ASC 740 requires an asset and liability approach for
financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Under the asset and liability approach, deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Valuation allowances are established where management determines that it is more likely than
not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

 The
Company reviews the realizability of its deferred tax asset valuation allowances on a quarterly basis, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that a review is
required. In determining the requirement for a valuation allowance, the historical and projected financial results of the legal entity or combined group recording the net deferred tax asset are
considered, along with any other positive or negative evidence. Since future financial results may differ from previous estimates, periodic adjustments to the Company's valuation allowances may be
necessary. 

 F-48 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

17. INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

 As
a result of the Company's fiscal 2015 analysis of the realizability of its worldwide deferred tax assets, and after considering tax planning initiatives and other positive and
negative evidence, the Company determined that it was more likely than not that deferred tax assets within South Africa would be realized. Therefore, the Company released $13 million of net
valuation allowances as income tax benefit in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015. 

 As
a result of the Company's fiscal 2013 analysis of the realizability of its worldwide deferred tax assets, and after considering tax planning initiatives and other positive and
negative evidence, the Company determined that it was more likely than not that deferred tax assets within Romania would not be realized. Therefore, the Company recorded $10 million of net
valuation allowances as income tax expense in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013. 

Uncertain Tax Positions 

 The unrecognized tax benefits reflected in the Company's combined financial statements have been determined using a separate-return by
legal entity basis. As a result of the final separation from the Parent, the Company's unrecognized tax benefits could be different than those reflected in the combined financial statements. The
Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Judgment is required in determining its worldwide provision for income taxes and recording the related assets and
liabilities. In the ordinary course of the Company's business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The Company is regularly under audit by
tax authorities. 

 At
September 30, 2015, the Company had gross tax effected unrecognized tax benefits of $393 million of which $389 million, if recognized, would impact the effective
tax rate. Total net accrued interest at September 30, 2015 was approximately $10 million (net of tax benefit). 

 At
September 30, 2014, the Company had gross tax effected unrecognized tax benefits of $287 million of which $283 million, if recognized, would impact the effective
tax rate. Total net accrued interest at September 30, 2014 was approximately $7 million (net of tax benefit). 

 At
September 30, 2013, the Company had gross tax effected unrecognized tax benefits of $239 million of which $235 million, if recognized, would impact the effective
tax rate. Total net accrued interest at September 30, 2013 was approximately $5 million (net of tax benefit). 

 A
reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in millions): 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Beginning balance 

$ 
 287 

$ 
 239 

$ 
 145 

 Additions for tax positions related to the current year 

 138 

 62 

 76 

 Additions for tax positions of prior years 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 18 

 Reductions for tax positions of prior years 

 (32 
 ) 
 
 (14 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Ending balance 

$ 
 393 

$ 
 287 

$ 
 239 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-49 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

17. INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

Other Tax Matters 

 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, the Company completed its global automotive interiors joint venture with Yanfeng Automotive Trim
Systems. Refer to Note 2, "Acquisitions and Divestitures," of the notes to combined financial statements for additional
information. In connection with the divestiture of the business, the Company recorded a pre-tax gain on divestiture of $127 million, $20 million net of tax. The tax impact of the gain is
due to the jurisdictional mix of gains and losses on the divestiture, which resulted in non-benefited expenses in certain countries and taxable gains in other countries. In addition, in the third and
fourth quarters of fiscal 2015, the Company provided income tax expense for repatriation of cash and other tax reserves associated with the Interiors joint venture transaction, which resulted in a tax
charge of $75 million and $218 million, respectively. 

 In
the third quarter of fiscal 2014, the Company disposed of its Interiors headliner and sun visor product lines. Refer to Note 2, "Acquisitions and Divestitures," of the notes to
combined financial statements for additional information. As a result, the Company recorded a pre-tax loss on divestiture of $95 million and income tax expense of $38 million. The income
tax expense is due to the jurisdictional mix of gains and losses on the sale, which resulted in non-benefited losses in certain countries and taxable gains in other countries. 

Income Tax Provision 

 Components of the provision for income taxes are as follows (in millions): 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Current 

 Federal 

$ 
 264 

$ 
 106 

$ 
 140 

 State 

 4 

 4 

 15 

 Foreign 

 201 

 178 

 95 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 469 

 288 

 250 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Deferred 

 Federal 

 (63 
 ) 
 
 74 

 (36 
 ) 

 State 

 (26 
 ) 
 
 6 

 (11 
 ) 

 Foreign 

 38 

 (72 
 ) 
 
 (35 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (51 
 ) 
 
 8 

 (82 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income tax provision 

$ 
 418 

$ 
 296 

$ 
 168 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Combined
domestic income before income taxes and noncontrolling interests for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was income of $788 million,
$742 million and $638 million, respectively. Combined foreign income before income taxes and noncontrolling interests for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013
was income of $171 million, $(72) million and $(225) million, respectively. 

 The
Company has not provided additional U.S. income taxes on approximately $3.7 billion of undistributed earnings of combined foreign subsidiaries included in Parent's net
investment. Such 

 F-50 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

17. INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

 earnings
could become taxable upon the sale or liquidation of these foreign subsidiaries or upon dividend repatriation. The Company's intent is for such earnings to be reinvested by the subsidiaries
or
to be repatriated when it would be tax effective through the utilization of foreign tax credits. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of unrecognized withholding taxes and deferred tax
liability on such earnings. 

 Deferred
taxes are classified in the combined statements of financial position as follows (in millions): 

 September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Other noncurrent assets 

$ 
 285 

$ 
 304 

 Other noncurrent liabilities 

 (93 
 ) 
 
 (138 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net deferred tax asset 

$ 
 192 

$ 
 166 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Temporary
differences and carryforwards which gave rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities included (in millions): 

 September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Deferred tax assets 

 Accrued expenses and reserves 

$ 
 150 

$ 
 212 

 Employee and retiree benefits 

 15 

 21 

 Net operating loss and other credit carryforwards 

 369 

 442 

 Research and development 

 11 

 22 

 Property, plant and equipment 

 &#151; 

 2 

 Intangible assets 

 &#151; 

 29 

 Joint ventures and partnerships 

 213 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 758 

 728 

 Valuation allowances 

 (392 
 ) 
 
 (459 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 366 

 269 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Deferred tax liabilities 

 Property, plant and equipment 

 16 

 &#151; 

 Intangible assets 

 88 

 &#151; 

 Joint ventures and partnerships 

 &#151; 

 37 

 Other 

 70 

 66 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 174 

 103 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net deferred tax asset 

$ 
 192 

$ 
 166 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 At
September 30, 2015, the Company had available net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $1.4 billion, of which $0.7 billion will expire at various dates
between 2016 and 2035, and the remainder has an indefinite carryforward period. The valuation allowance, generally, is for loss 

 F-51 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

17. INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

 carryforwards
for which realization is uncertain because it is unlikely that the losses will be realized given the lack of sustained profitability and/or limited carryforward periods in certain
countries. 

18. SEGMENT INFORMATION 

 ASC 280, "Segment Reporting," establishes the standards for reporting information about segments in financial statements. In applying the criteria set forth in ASC 280, the Company has
determined that it has two reportable segments for financial reporting purposes. 

 Adient
designs and manufactures interior systems and products for passenger cars and light trucks, including vans, pick-up trucks and sport utility/crossover vehicles. 

 &#149; The Seating reportable segment produces automotive seat metal structures and mechanisms, foam, trim, fabric and complete seat systems. 
 &#149; The Interiors reportable segment, primarily derived from its global automotive interiors joint venture completed on July 2,
2015, produces instrument panels, floor consoles, door panels, overhead consoles, cockpit systems, decorative trim and other products. Prior to the completion of the joint venture, the Interiors
reportable segment produced instrument panels, floor consoles and door panels. 

 Management
evaluates the performance of the segments based primarily on segment income, which represents income before income taxes and noncontrolling interests excluding net financing
charges, restructuring and impairment costs, and net mark-to-market adjustments on pension and postretirement plans. General corporate and other overhead expenses are allocated to business segments in
determining segment income. Financial information relating to the Company's reportable segments is as follows (in millions): 

 Year Ended September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Net Sales 

 Seating 

$ 
 16,859 

$ 
 17,871 

$ 
 16,621 

 Interiors 

 3,212 

 4,170 

 3,849 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total net sales 

$ 
 20,071 

$ 
 22,041 

$ 
 20,470 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Year Ended September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Segment Income (Loss) 

 Seating(1) 

$ 
 935 

$ 
 898 

$ 
 737 

 Interiors(2) 

 224 

 (5 
 ) 
 
 (21 
 ) 

 Net financing charges 

(12 
 ) 

(15 
 ) 

(10 
 ) 

 Restructuring and impairment costs 

 (182 
 ) 
 
 (158 
 ) 
 
 (280 
 ) 

 Net mark-to-market adjustments on pension and postretirement plans 

 (6 
 ) 
 
 (50 
 ) 
 
 (13 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income before income taxes 

$ 
 959 

$ 
 670 

$ 
 413 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-52 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

18. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued) 

 September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Assets 

 Seating 

$ 
 9,080 

$ 
 9,270 

$ 
 9,592 

 Interiors(3) 

 1,302 

 305 

 1,733 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 10,382 

 9,575 

 11,325 

 Assets held for sale 

 55 

 1,631 

 62 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total 

$ 
 10,437 

$ 
 11,206 

$ 
 11,387 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Depreciation/Amortization 

 Seating 

$ 
 333 

$ 
 315 

$ 
 339 

 Interiors 

 14 

 122 

 111 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total 

$ 
 347 

$ 
 437 

$ 
 450 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Year Ended 
September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Capital Expenditures 

 Seating 

$ 
 366 

$ 
 462 

$ 
 450 

 Interiors 

 112 

 162 

 209 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total 

$ 
 478 

$ 
 624 

$ 
 659 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (1) Seating
segment income for the years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013 excludes $182 million, $29 million and
$152 million, respectively, of restructuring and impairment costs. For the years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, Seating segment income includes $264 million,
$249 million and $286 million, respectively, of equity income.
 (2) Interiors
segment income for the years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013 excludes $129 million and $128 million, respectively, of
restructuring and impairment costs. For the years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, Interiors segment income includes $31 million, $35 million and $16 million,
respectively, of equity income.
 (3) The
majority of Interiors assets were held for sale at September 30, 2014. At September 30, 2015, the Interiors assets primarily consist of
investments in partially-owned affiliates. 
 
 F-53 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

18. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued) 

Geographic Information 

 Financial information relating to the Company's operations by geographic area is as follows (in millions): 

 Year Ended September 30, 

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Net Sales 

 United States 

$ 
 7,850 

$ 
 8,401 

$ 
 7,519 

 Germany 

 2,464 

 2,888 

 2,823 

 Mexico 

 1,299 

 1,339 

 1,331 

 Other European countries 

 5,050 

 6,321 

 5,287 

 Other foreign 

 3,408 

 3,092 

 3,510 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total 

$ 
 20,071 

$ 
 22,041 

$ 
 20,470 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Long-Lived Assets 

 United States 

$ 
 583 

$ 
 613 

$ 
 610 

 Germany 

 375 

 440 

 621 

 Mexico 

 225 

 220 

 245 

 Other European countries 

 722 

 820 

 1,058 

 Other foreign 

 234 

 313 

 364 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total 

$ 
 2,139 

$ 
 2,406 

$ 
 2,898 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net
sales attributed to geographic locations are based on the location of the assets producing the sales. Long-lived assets by geographic location consist of net property, plant and
equipment. 

19. NONCONSOLIDATED PARTIALLY-OWNED AFFILIATES 

 Investments in the net assets of nonconsolidated partially-owned affiliates are stated in the "Investments in partially-owned affiliates" line in the combined statements of financial
position as of September 30, 2015 and 2014. Equity in the net income of nonconsolidated partially-owned affiliates is stated in the "Equity income" line in the combined statements of income for
the years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013. 

 The
Company maintains total investments in partially-owned affiliates of $1.6 billion and $0.6 billion at September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company's
investments in partially-owned affiliates primarily consist of the following entities: 

 % ownership 

 Name of partially-owned affiliate

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Seating 

 Changchun FAWAY&#151;Johnson Controls Automotive Systems Co., Ltd. 

 50.0 
 % 
 
 50.0 
 % 

 Shanghai Johnson Controls Yanfeng Seating Mechanism Co., Ltd 

 50.0 
 % 
 
 50.0 
 % 

 Shanghai Yanfeng Johnson Controls Seating Co., Ltd. (YFJC) 

 49.9 
 % 
 
 49.9 
 % 

 Interiors 

 Yanfeng Global Automotive Interiors Systems Co., Ltd. 

 29.7 
 % 
 
 &#151; 
 % 

 F-54 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

19. NONCONSOLIDATED PARTIALLY-OWNED AFFILIATES (Continued) 

 Financial
information for nonconsolidated partially-owned affiliates that were significant to Adient's results is as follows: 

Summarized balance sheet data (in millions): 

 September 30, 2015 

 YFJC 
 
 All Other 
 
 Total 

 Current assets 

$ 
 1,595 

$ 
 3,923 

$ 
 5,518 

 Noncurrent assets 

 541 

 2,121 

 2,662 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets 

$ 
 2,136 

$ 
 6,044 

$ 
 8,180 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Current liabilities 

$ 
 1,352 

$ 
 4,140 

$ 
 5,492 

 Noncurrent liabilities 

 41 

 108 

 149 

 Noncontrolling interests 

 67 

 11 

 78 

 Shareholders' equity 

 676 

 1,785 

 2,461 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

$ 
 2,136 

$ 
 6,044 

$ 
 8,180 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 September 30, 2014 

 YFJC 
 
 All Other 
 
 Total 

 Current assets 

$ 
 1,469 

$ 
 1,396 

$ 
 2,865 

 Noncurrent assets 

 517 

 647 

 1,164 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets 

$ 
 1,986 

$ 
 2,043 

$ 
 4,029 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Current liabilities 

$ 
 1,285 

$ 
 1,280 

$ 
 2,565 

 Noncurrent liabilities 

 33 

 41 

 74 

 Noncontrolling interests 

 64 

 &#151; 

 64 

 Shareholders' equity 

 604 

 722 

 1,326 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

$ 
 1,986 

$ 
 2,043 

$ 
 4,029 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

Summarized income statement data with reconciliation to Adient's equity in net income from
nonconsolidated partially-owned affiliates for the years ended September 30 (in millions): 

 2015 

 YFJC 
 
 All Other 
 
 Total 

 Net sales 

$ 
 3,855 

$ 
 5,594 

$ 
 9,449 

 Gross profit 

 538 

 662 

 1,200 

 Operating income 

 433 

 397 

 830 

 Net income 

 360 

 376 

 736 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 46 

 6 

 52 

 Net income attributable to the entity 

 314 

 370 

 684 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Equity in net income, before basis adjustments 

$ 
 157 

$ 
 149 

$ 
 306 

 Basis adjustments 

 (3 
 ) 
 
 (8 
 ) 
 
 (11 
 ) 

 Equity in net income 

 154 

 141 

 295 

 F-55 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

19. NONCONSOLIDATED PARTIALLY-OWNED AFFILIATES (Continued) 

 2014 

 YFJC 
 
 All Other 
 
 Total 

 Net sales 

$ 
 3,646 

$ 
 3,898 

$ 
 7,544 

 Gross profit 

 497 

 416 

 913 

 Operating income 

 388 

 328 

 716 

 Net income 

 320 

 310 

 630 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 28 

 &#151; 

 28 

 Net income attributable to the entity 

 292 

 310 

 602 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Equity in net income, before basis adjustments 

$ 
 146 

$ 
 141 

$ 
 287 

 Basis adjustments 

 (3 
 ) 
 
 0 

 (3 
 ) 

 Equity in net income 

 143 

 141 

 284 

 2013 

 YFJC 
 
 All Other 
 
 Total 

 Net sales 

$ 
 3,053 

$ 
 3,238 

$ 
 6,291 

 Gross profit 

 427 

 297 

 724 

 Operating income 

 321 

 191 

 512 

 Net income 

 264 

 169 

 433 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 19 

 &#151; 

 19 

 Net income attributable to the entity 

 245 

 169 

 414 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Equity in net income, before basis adjustments 

$ 
 123 

$ 
 74 

$ 
 197 

 Basis adjustments 

 (2 
 ) 
 
 1 

 (1 
 ) 

 Fair value adjustment to previously held interest 

 &#151; 

 106 

 106 

 Equity in net income 

 121 

 181 

 302 

 F-56 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

20. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

 The Company accrues for potential environmental liabilities when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability is reasonably estimable. Reserves for
environmental liabilities totaled $7 million and $8 million at September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company reviews the status of its environmental sites on a quarterly
basis and adjusts its reserves accordingly. Such potential liabilities accrued by the Company do not take into consideration possible recoveries of future insurance proceeds. They do, however, take
into account the likely share other parties will bear at remediation sites. It is difficult to estimate the Company's ultimate level of liability at many
remediation sites due to the large number of other parties that may be involved, the complexity of determining the relative liability among those parties, the uncertainty as to the nature and scope of
the investigations and remediation to be conducted, the uncertainty in the application of law and risk assessment, the various choices and costs associated with diverse technologies that may be used
in corrective actions at the sites, and the often quite lengthy periods over which eventual remediation may occur. Nevertheless, the Company does not currently believe that any claims, penalties or
costs in connection with known environmental matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

 The
Company is involved in various lawsuits, claims and proceedings incident to the operation of its businesses, including those pertaining to product liability, environmental, safety
and health, intellectual property, employment, commercial and contractual matters, and various other casualty matters. Although the outcome of any such lawsuit, claim or proceeding cannot be predicted
with certainty and some may be disposed of unfavorably to Adient, it is management's opinion that none of these will have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, results of
operations or cash flows. Costs related to such matters were not material to the periods presented. 

21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND PARENT'S NET INVESTMENT 

Related Party Transactions 

 In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into transactions with related parties, such as equity affiliates and other
businesses of the Parent. Such transactions consist of facility management services, the sale or purchase of goods and other arrangements. 

Revision of Previously Reported Related Party Transactions 

 In connection with the preparation of the financial statements for the three and six months ended March 31, 2016, the Company
identified misstatements in amounts classified as related party transactions in previously reported periods. The misstatements impacted the amounts previously disclosed in this footnote. The
misstatements are not considered material, individually or in the aggregate, to previously issued financial statements. The misstatements had no impact on the combined financial statements. 

 F-57 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND PARENT'S NET INVESTMENT (Continued) 

 The
following table sets forth the net sales to and purchases from related parties included in the combined statements of operations, including the impact of all revisions thereto: 

 Year Ended September 30, 

 (in millions)

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Net sales to related parties 

$ 
 196 
 (1) 

$ 
 215 
 (1) 

$ 
 272 
 (1) 

 Purchases from related parties 

 166 
 (2) 
 
 199 
 (2) 
 
 118 
 (2) 

 (1) These
amounts have been revised to correct for previously reported misstatements. The revisions decreased net sales to related parties by $26 million
and $266 million for 2015 and 2014, respectively, and increased net sales to related parties by $206 million for 2013.
 (2) These
amounts have been revised to correct for previously reported misstatements. The revisions increased purchases from related parties by
$62 million, $5 million and $38 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

 The
following table sets forth the amount of accounts receivable due from and payable to related parties in the combined statements of financial position, including the impact of all
revisions thereto: 

 September 30, 

 (in millions)

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Receivable from related parties 

$ 
 254 
 (1) 

$ 
 124 
 (1) 

 Payable to related parties 

 122 

 101 

 (1) These
amounts have been revised to correct for previously reported misstatements. The revisions decreased receivables from related parties by
$2 million for 2015 and increased receivables from related parties by $18 million for 2014. 
 
 Excluding
the settlement of intercompany balances in advance of the separation of the Company from the Parent, average receivable and payable balances with related parties remained
relatively consistent with the period end balances shown above. 

Corporate Allocations and Parent's Net Investment 

 The combined statements of operations include allocations for certain support functions that are provided on a centralized basis by the
Parent and subsequently recorded at the business unit level, such as expenses related to employee benefits, finance, human resources, risk management, information technology, facilities, and legal,
among others. Included in cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expense during the years ended September 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $361 million, $304 million
and $254 million, respectively, of corporate expenses incurred by JCI. These expenses have been allocated to the Company on the basis of direct usage when identifiable, with the remainder
allocated on a proportional basis of combined sales, headcount or other measures of the Company or the Parent. Management believes the assumptions underlying the combined financial statements,
including the assumptions regarding allocating general corporate expenses from the Parent, are reasonable. Nevertheless, the combined financial statements may not include all actual expenses that
would have been incurred by the Company and may not reflect the combined results of operations, financial position and cash flows had it been a stand-alone company during the years presented. Actual 

 F-58 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND PARENT'S NET INVESTMENT (Continued) 

 costs
that would have been incurred if the Company had been a stand-alone company would depend on multiple factors, including organizational structure and strategic decisions made in various areas,
including information technology and infrastructure. 

 Approximately
$16 million of costs related to the separation of Adient have been incurred by the Parent for the year ended September 30, 2015. These costs include legal,
consulting and advisory fees. The Parent has assumed these separation costs incurred to date and none of these separation costs were allocated to Adient's combined financial statements. To the extent
separation costs are incurred that will directly benefit Adient as a stand-alone company, such costs will be allocated to Adient. 

 In
addition to the transactions discussed above, certain intercompany transactions between the Company and the Parent have not been recorded as related party transactions. These
transactions are considered to be effectively settled for cash at the time the transaction is recorded. The total net effect of the settlement of these intercompany transactions is reflected in the
combined statements of cash flows as a financing activity and in the combined statements of financial position as Parent's net investment. 

 F-59 

 Table of Contents 

 ADIENT AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE II&#151;VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS (In millions) 

 Year Ended September 30,

 2015 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Accounts Receivable&#151;Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

 Balance at beginning of period 

$ 
 11 

$ 
 14 

$ 
 17 

 Provision charged to costs and expenses 

 14 

 17 

 28 

 Reserve adjustments 

 (13 
 ) 
 
 (18 
 ) 
 
 (29 
 ) 

 Accounts charged off 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (2 
 ) 

 Transfers to held for sale 

 &#151; 

 (2 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at end of period 

$ 
 12 

$ 
 11 

$ 
 14 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Deferred Tax Assets&#151;Valuation Allowance 

 Balance at beginning of period 

$ 
 459 

$ 
 426 

$ 
 306 

 Allowance provision for new operating and other loss carryforwards 

 24 

 33 

 56 

 Allowance provision (benefit) adjustments 

 (91 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 64 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at end of period 

$ 
 392 

$ 
 459 

$ 
 426 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-60 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient 

 Combined Statements of Financial Position 

 (unaudited) 

 (in millions)

 June 30, 
2016 
 
 September 30, 
2015 

 Assets 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

$ 
 120 

$ 
 44 

 Accounts receivable&#151;net 

 2,132 

 2,134 

 Inventories 

 691 

 701 

 Assets held for sale 

 &#151; 

 55 

 Other current assets 

 745 

 872 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Current assets 

 3,688 

 3,806 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Property, plant and equipment&#151;net 

 2,079 

 2,139 

 Goodwill 

 2,169 

 2,160 

 Other intangible assets&#151;net 

 116 

 129 

 Investments in partially-owned affiliates 

 1,694 

 1,646 

 Other noncurrent assets 

 486 

 557 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets 

$ 
 10,232 

$ 
 10,437 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Liabilities and Invested Equity 

 Short-term debt 

$ 
 22 

$ 
 17 

 Current portion of long-term debt 

 7 

 7 

 Accounts payable 

 2,503 

 2,653 

 Accrued compensation and benefits 

 409 

 392 

 Liabilities held for sale 

 &#151; 

 42 

 Restructuring reserve 

 367 

 280 

 Other current liabilities 

 581 

 620 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Current liabilities 

 3,889 

 4,011 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Long-term debt 

 29 

 35 

 Pension and postretirement benefits 

 88 

 118 

 Other noncurrent liabilities 

 1,198 

 475 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Long-term liabilities 

 1,315 

 628 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Commitments and contingencies (Note 18) 

 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

 49 

 31 

 Parent's net investment 

 5,137 

 5,873 

 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

 (289 
 ) 
 
 (247 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Invested equity attributable to Adient 

 4,848 

 5,626 

 Noncontrolling interests 

 131 

 141 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total invested equity 

 4,979 

 5,767 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities and invested equity 

$ 
 10,232 

$ 
 10,437 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the combined financial statements. 

 F-61 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient 

 Combined Statements of Income (Loss) 

 (unaudited) 

 Three Months 
Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months 
Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 

 Net sales 

$ 
 4,362 

$ 
 5,402 

$ 
 12,893 

$ 
 15,909 

 Cost of sales 

 3,916 

 4,848 

 11,649 

 14,439 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Gross profit 

 446 

 554 

 1,244 

 1,470 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

(315 
 ) 

(299 
 ) 

(820 
 ) 

(906 
 ) 

 Restructuring and impairment costs 

 (75 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (244 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Net financing charges 

 (2 
 ) 
 
 (4 
 ) 
 
 (8 
 ) 
 
 (11 
 ) 

 Equity income 

 89 

 71 

 260 

 225 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income before income taxes 

 143 

 322 

 432 

 778 

 Income tax provision 

136 

98 

1,027 

134 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net income (loss) 

 7 

 224 

 (595 
 ) 
 
 644 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 21 

 16 

 61 

 53 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net income (loss) attributable to Adient 

$ 
 (14 
 ) 

$ 
 208 

$ 
 (656 
 ) 

$ 
 591 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the combined financial statements. 

 F-62 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient 

 Combined Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

 (unaudited) 

 Three Months 
Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months 
Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 

 Net income (loss) 

$ 
 7 

$ 
 224 

$ 
 (595 
 ) 

$ 
 644 

 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

 Foreign currency translation adjustments 

 (85 
 ) 
 
 115 

 (52 
 ) 
 
 (555 
 ) 

 Realized and unrealized gains on derivatives 

 4 

 5 

 12 

 2 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other comprehensive income (loss) 

 (81 
 ) 
 
 120 

 (40 
 ) 
 
 (553 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total comprehensive income (loss) 

 (74 
 ) 
 
 344 

 (635 
 ) 
 
 91 

 Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 21 

 14 

 63 

 49 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Adient 

$ 
 (95 
 ) 

$ 
 330 

$ 
 (698 
 ) 

$ 
 42 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the combined financial statements. 

 F-63 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient 

 Combined Statements of Cash Flows 

 (unaudited) 

 Nine Months 
Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 

 Operating Activities 

 Net income (loss) attributable to Adient 

$ 
 (656 
 ) 

$ 
 591 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 61 

 53 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net income (loss) 

 (595 
 ) 
 
 644 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash provided by operating activities: 

 Depreciation 

 240 

 252 

 Amortization of intangibles 

 13 

 14 

 Pension and postretirement benefit expense 

 2 

 7 

 Pension and postretirement contributions 

 (35 
 ) 
 
 (25 
 ) 

 Equity in earnings of partially-owned affiliates, net of dividends received 

 (129 
 ) 
 
 (200 
 ) 

 Deferred income taxes 

 801 

 (67 
 ) 

 Non-cash restructuring and impairment charges 

 41 

 &#151; 

 Equity-based compensation 

 20 

 20 

 Other 

 (4 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Changes in assets and liabilities: 

 Receivables 

 27 

 (253 
 ) 

 Inventories 

 16 

 (46 
 ) 

 Other assets 

 153 

 (95 
 ) 

 Restructuring reserves 

 89 

 (72 
 ) 

 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

 (180 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Accrued income taxes 

 (15 
 ) 
 
 4 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Cash provided by operating activities 

 444 

 183 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Investing Activities 

 Capital expenditures 

 (312 
 ) 
 
 (369 
 ) 

 Sale of property, plant and equipment 

 14 

 17 

 Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired 

 &#151; 

 (18 
 ) 

 Business divestitures 

 18 

 &#151; 

 Changes in long-term investments 

 &#151; 

 (45 
 ) 

 Other 

 2 

 11 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Cash used by investing activities 

 (278 
 ) 
 
 (404 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Financing Activities 

 Net transfers (to) from Parent 

 (56 
 ) 
 
 314 

 Increase in short-term debt 

 6 

 8 

 Repayment of long-term debt 

 (7 
 ) 
 
 (9 
 ) 

 Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests 

 (34 
 ) 
 
 (30 
 ) 

 Other 

 &#151; 

 (10 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Cash provided (used) by financing activities 

 (91 
 ) 
 
 273 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

 1 

 8 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Increase in cash and cash equivalents 

 76 

 60 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

 44 

 45 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

$ 
 120 

$ 
 105 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the combined financial statements. 

 F-64 

 Table of Contents 

 Adient Notes to Combined Financial Statements June 30, 2016 (unaudited) 

1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited combined financial statements contain all adjustments (which include normal recurring adjustments) necessary to state fairly the
financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) have been omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). These combined financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited combined financial statements and notes thereto included in the Adient (the "Company")
Form 10. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended June 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of results for the Company's 2016 fiscal year because of seasonal and
other factors. 

The Separation 

 On July 24, 2015, Johnson Controls, Inc. ("JCI" or the "Parent") announced its intent to pursue a separation of the
automotive seating and interiors businesses (the "Company" or "Adient") through a spin-off to shareholders. These combined financial statements reflect the combined historical results of the
operations, financial position and cash flows of Adient. Adient designs and manufactures interior systems and products for passenger cars and light trucks, including vans, pick-up trucks and sport
utility crossover vehicles and is the world's largest automotive seating supplier*. Adient has a leading market position in the Americas, Europe and China, and has relationships with the largest
global auto manufacturers. Adient's technologies extend into virtually every area of automotive seating solutions, including complete seating systems, frames, mechanisms, foam, head restraints,
armrests, trim covers and fabrics. 

Basis of Presentation 

 These combined financial statements were prepared on a stand-alone basis derived from the consolidated financial statements and
accounting records of JCI as if Adient had been operating as a stand-alone company for all periods presented. These combined financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
U.S. GAAP. The assets and liabilities in the combined financial statements have been reflected on a historical cost basis, as included in the consolidated statements of financial position of
JCI. The combined statements of operations include allocations for certain support functions that are provided on a centralized basis by the Parent and subsequently recorded at the business unit
level, such as expenses related to employee benefits, finance, human resources, risk management, information technology, facilities, and legal, among others. These expenses have been allocated to the
Company on the basis of direct usage when identifiable, with the remainder allocated on a proportional basis of combined sales, headcount or other measures of the Company or the Parent. Management
believes the assumptions underlying the combined financial statements, including the assumptions regarding allocating general corporate expenses from the Parent, are reasonable. Nevertheless, the
combined financial statements may not include all actual expenses that would have been incurred by Adient and may not reflect the combined results of operations, financial position and cash flows had
it been a stand-alone company during the years presented. Actual costs that would have 

 * Based
on production volumes. Source: IHS Automotive 
 F-65 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 been
incurred if Adient had been a stand-alone company would depend on multiple factors, including organizational structure and strategic decisions made in various areas, including information
technology and infrastructure. 

Principles of Combination 

 The combined financial statements include certain assets and liabilities that have historically been held at the Parent level but are
specifically identifiable or otherwise attributable to Adient. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts within the Company's combined businesses have been eliminated. All intercompany
transactions between the Company and the Parent have been included in these combined financial statements as Parent's net investment. Expenses related to corporate allocations from the Parent to the
Company are considered to be effectively settled for cash in the combined financial statements at the time the transaction is recorded. In addition, transactions between the Company and the Parent's
other businesses have been classified as related party, rather than intercompany, in the combined financial statements. 

 In
addition to wholly-owned subsidiaries, the Company has investments which, in certain cases, may or may not require combination, as a result of only a partial-ownership interest and/or
lack of significant influence over the investee. The Company's investments in partially-owned affiliates are accounted for by the equity method when the Company's interest exceeds 20% and the Company
does not have a controlling interest. 

Combined VIEs 

 Based upon the criteria set forth in Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 810,
"Consolidation," the Company has determined that it was the primary beneficiary in two VIEs for the reporting periods ended June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, as the Company absorbs
significant economics of the entities and has the power to direct the activities that are considered most significant to the entities. 

 The
two VIEs manufacture seating products in North America for the automotive industry. The Company funds the entities' short-term liquidity needs through revolving credit facilities and
has the power to direct the activities that are considered most significant to the entities through its key customer supply relationships. 

 F-66 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 The
carrying amounts and classification of assets (none of which are restricted) and liabilities included in the Company's combined statements of financial position for the combined VIEs
are as follows: 

 (in millions)

 June 30, 
2016 
 
 September 30, 
2015 

 Current assets 

$ 
 260 

$ 
 279 

 Noncurrent assets 

 40 

 41 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets 

$ 
 300 

$ 
 320 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Current liabilities 

$ 
 191 

$ 
 229 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities 

$ 
 191 

$ 
 229 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 The
Company did not have a significant variable interest in any other combined and uncombined VIEs for the presented reporting periods. 

2. NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 

 In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-13, "Financial Instruments&#151;Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on
Financial Instruments." ASU No. 2016-13 changes the impairment model for financial assets measured at amortized cost, requiring presentation at the net amount expected to be collected. The
measurement of expected credit losses is based upon historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses will
now be recorded through an allowance for credit losses. ASU No. 2016-13 will be effective for the Company for the quarter ended December 31, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The
adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company's combined financial statements. 

 In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, "Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting." ASU
No. 2016-09 impacts certain aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and
classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU No. 2016-09 will be effective for the Company for the quarter ending December 31, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is
currently assessing the impact adoption of this guidance will have on its combined financial statements. 

 In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-07, "Investments-Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting."
ASU No. 2016-07 eliminates the requirement for an investment that qualifies for the use of the equity method of accounting as a result of an increase in the level of ownership or degree
of influence, to adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings retrospectively. ASU No. 2016-07 will be effective prospectively for the Company for increases in the
level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method that occur during or after the quarter ending December 31, 2017, with early adoption
permitted. The impact of this guidance for the 

 F-67 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

2. NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued) 

 Company
is dependent on any future increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. 

 In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)." ASU No. 2016-02 requires recognition of operating leases as lease assets and lease liabilities on
the balance sheet and disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. ASU No. 2016-02 will be effective retrospectively for the Company for the quarter ending December 31,
2019, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact adoption of this guidance will have on its combined financial statements. 

 In
January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, "Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities."
ASU No. 2016-01 amends certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU No. 2016-01 will be effective for the Company
for the quarter ending December 31, 2018, and early adoption is not permitted, with certain exceptions. The changes are required to be applied by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment on the
balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company is currently assessing the impact adoption of this guidance will have on its combined financial statements. 

 In
November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes." ASU No. 2015-17 requires that deferred tax
liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in the combined statements of financial position. ASU No. 2015-17 was early adopted by the Company for the quarter ended December 31,
2015 and was applied retrospectively to all periods presented. 

 In
September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16, "Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments." ASU No. 2015-16
requires that the cumulative impact of a measurement period adjustment (including the impact on prior periods) be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment is identified. ASU
No. 2015-16 was early adopted by the Company in the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on the Company's combined financial condition
or results from operations. 

 In
July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, "Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory." ASU No. 2015-11 requires inventory that is recorded using the first-in, first-out
method to be measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value. ASU No. 2015-11 will be effective prospectively for the Company for the quarter ending December 31, 2017, with early
adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company's combined financial statements. 

 In
May 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-07, "Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent)." ASU
No. 2015-07 removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. Such
investments should be disclosed separate from the fair value hierarchy. ASU No. 2015-07 will be effective retrospectively for the Company for the quarter ending December 31, 2016, with
early adoption permitted. The adoption of 

 F-68 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

2. NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued) 

 this
guidance is not expected to have an impact on the Company's combined financial statements but will impact pension asset disclosures. 

 In
April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, "Interest&#151;Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs." ASU
No. 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability. ASU
No. 2015-03 will be effective retrospectively for the Company for the quarter ending December 31, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to
have a significant impact on the Company's historical combined financial statements. Any future impact will depend on future debt issuances. 

 In
February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02, "Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis." ASU No. 2015-02 amends the analysis performed to
determine whether a reporting entity should combine certain types of legal entities. ASU No. 2015-02 will be effective retrospectively for the Company for the quarter ending December 31,
2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact adoption of this guidance will have on its combined financial statements. 

 In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)." ASU No. 2014-09 clarifies the principles for recognizing revenue
when an entity either enters into a contract with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into a contract for the transfer of non-financial assets. The original standard was effective
retrospectively for the Company for the quarter ending December 31, 2017; however in August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):
Deferral of the Effective Date," which defers the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 by one year for all entities. The new standard will become effective retrospectively for the Company for the
quarter ending December 31, 2018, with early adoption permitted, but not before the original effective date. Additionally, in March 2016 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08, "Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)," in April 2016 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10, "Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing," and in May 2016 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):
Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients," which provide additional clarification on certain topics addressed in ASU No. 2014-09. ASU No. 2016-08, ASU No. 2016-10
and ASU No. 2016-12
follow the same implementation guidelines as ASU No. 2014-09 and ASU No. 2015-14. The Company is currently assessing the impact adoption of this guidance will have on its combined
financial statements. 

 In
April 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08, "Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued
Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity." ASU No. 2014-08 limits discontinued operations reporting to situations where the disposal represents a strategic shift that
has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results, and requires expanded disclosures for discontinued operations. ASU No. 2014-08 was effective for the Company
for the quarter ended December 31, 2015. 

 F-69 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

2. NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued) 

 The
adoption of this guidance has not had any impact on the Company's combined financial statements. 

3. ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES 

 No acquisitions occurred during the nine months ended June 30, 2016. In the first nine months of fiscal 2015, the Company completed three acquisitions for a combined purchase
price, net of cash acquired, of $47 million, $18 million of which was paid during the nine months ended June 30, 2015. The acquisitions in the aggregate were not material to the
Company's combined financial statements. In connection with the acquisitions, the Company recorded goodwill of $9 million as of June 30, 2015. 

 During
the nine months ended June 30, 2016, the Company received $18 million of cash related to a divestiture completed in fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. 

4. ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE 

 The Company had determined that certain of its businesses met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. At September 30, 2015, $55 million of assets and
$42 million of liabilities related to certain product lines were classified as held for sale. At June 30, 2016, these product lines no longer met the criteria to be classified as held
for sale. 

5. INVENTORIES 

 Inventories consisted of the following: 

 (in millions)

 June 30, 
2016 
 
 September 30, 
2015 

 Raw materials and supplies 

$ 
 517 

$ 
 539 

 Work-in-process 

 36 

 40 

 Finished goods 

 138 

 122 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Inventories 

$ 
 691 

$ 
 701 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

6. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

 The change in the carrying amount of goodwill in the Company's Seating reporting segment for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 is as follows: 

 (in millions)

 September 30, 
2015 
 
 Currency 
Translation 
 
 June 30, 
2016 

 Seating 

$ 
 2,160 

$ 
 9 

$ 
 2,169 

 F-70 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

6. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued) 

 The
Company's other intangible assets, primarily from business acquisitions valued based in part on independent appraisals, consisted of: 

 June 30, 2016 
 
 September 30, 2015 

 (in millions)

 Gross 
Carrying 
Amount 
 
 Accumulated 
Amortization 
 
 Net 
 
 Gross 
Carrying 
Amount 
 
 Accumulated 
Amortization 
 
 Net 

 Intangible assets 

 Patented technology 

$ 
 28 

$ 
 (12 
 ) 

$ 
 16 

$ 
 27 

$ 
 (11 
 ) 

$ 
 16 

 Customer relationships 

 99 

 (45 
 ) 
 
 54 

 100 

 (38 
 ) 
 
 62 

 Trademarks 

 56 

 (18 
 ) 
 
 38 

 56 

 (15 
 ) 
 
 41 

 Miscellaneous 

 15 

 (7 
 ) 
 
 8 

 15 

 (5 
 ) 
 
 10 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total intangible assets 

$ 
 198 

$ 
 (82 
 ) 

$ 
 116 

$ 
 198 

$ 
 (69 
 ) 

$ 
 129 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Amortization
of other intangible assets for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 was $4 million and $4 million, respectively. Amortization of other
intangible assets for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 was $13 million and $14 million, respectively. Excluding the impact of any future acquisitions, the Company
anticipates amortization for fiscal 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021 will be approximately $17 million, $17 million, $17 million, $17 million and $15 million,
respectively. 

7. PRODUCT WARRANTIES 

 The Company offers warranties to its customers depending upon the specific product and terms of the customer purchase agreement. A typical warranty program requires that the Company
replace defective products within a specified time period from the date of sale. The Company records an estimate for future warranty-related costs based on actual historical return rates and other
known factors. Based on analysis of return rates and other factors, the Company's warranty provisions are adjusted as necessary. The Company monitors its warranty activity and adjusts its reserve
estimates when it is probable that future warranty costs will be different than those estimates. 

 The
Company's product warranty liability is recorded in the combined statements of financial position in other current liabilities. 

 F-71 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

7. PRODUCT WARRANTIES (Continued) 

 The
changes in the carrying amount of the Company's total product warranty liability are as follows: 

 Nine Months 
Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 

 Balance at beginning of period 

$ 
 12 

$ 
 19 

 Accruals for warranties issued during the period 

 7 

 4 

 Accruals related to pre-existing warranties (including changes in estimates) 

 4 

 (3 
 ) 

 Settlements made (in cash or in kind) during the period 

 (4 
 ) 
 
 (5 
 ) 

 Currency translation 

 1 

 (1 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at end of period 

$ 
 20 

$ 
 14 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

8. SIGNIFICANT RESTRUCTURING AND IMPAIRMENT COSTS 

 To better align its resources with its growth strategies and reduce the cost structure of its global operations to address the softness in certain underlying markets, the Company commits
to restructuring plans as necessary. 

 In
fiscal 2016, the Company committed to a significant restructuring plan (2016 Plan) and recorded $244 million of restructuring and impairment costs in the combined statements of
income, of which $169 million was recorded in the second quarter and $75 million was recorded in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. This is the total amount incurred to date for this
restructuring plan. The restructuring actions relate to cost reduction initiatives. The costs consist primarily of workforce reductions, plant closures, asset impairments, and changes in estimates to
prior year plans. Of the restructuring and impairment costs recorded during the three months ended June 30, 2016, $58 million related to the Seating segment and $17 million
related to the Interiors segment. During the third quarter, additional restructuring charges were required in the Seating segment due to workforce reductions, plant closures and finalization of
negotiations with labor unions. The asset impairment charge recorded during the three months ended June 30, 2016 relates primarily to information technology assets within the Seating segment
that will not be used going forward by the Company. The other charges recorded during the three months ended June 30, 2016 of $16 million relates primarily to restructuring costs at one
of the Company's joint ventures which the Parent has indemnified. The restructuring actions are expected to be substantially complete in fiscal 2017. 

 F-72 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

8. SIGNIFICANT RESTRUCTURING AND IMPAIRMENT COSTS (Continued) 

 The
following table summarizes the changes in the Company's 2016 Plan reserve: 

 (in millions)

 Employee 
Severance and 
Termination 
Benefits 
 
 Long-Lived 
Asset 
Impairments 
 
 Other 
 
 Currency 
Translation 
 
 Total 

 Original Reserve 

$ 
 154 

$ 
 9 

$ 
 6 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 169 

 Utilized&#151;cash 

 (3 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (4 
 ) 

 Utilized&#151;noncash 

 &#151; 

 (9 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 3 

 (6 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at March 31, 2016 

$ 
 151 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 5 

$ 
 3 

$ 
 159 

 Additional restructuring costs 

 27 

 32 

 16 

 &#151; 

 75 

 Utilized&#151;cash 

 (3 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (3 
 ) 

 Utilized&#151;noncash 

 &#151; 

 (32 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (3 
 ) 
 
 (35 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at June 30, 2016 

$ 
 175 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 21 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 196 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 In
fiscal 2015, the Company committed to a significant restructuring plan (2015 Plan) and recorded $182 million of restructuring and impairment costs in the combined statements of
income. This is the total amount incurred to date and the total amount expected to be incurred for this restructuring plan. The restructuring actions relate to cost reduction initiatives. The costs
consist primarily of workforce
reductions, plant closures and asset impairments. The restructuring and impairment costs related to the Seating segment. The restructuring actions are expected to be substantially complete in 2016. 

 The
following table summarizes the changes in the Company's 2015 Plan reserve: 

 (in millions)

 Employee 
Severance and 
Termination 
Benefits 
 
 Long-Lived 
Asset 
Impairments 
 
 Currency 
Translation 
 
 Total 

 Original Reserve 

$ 
 155 

$ 
 27 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 182 

 Utilized&#151;cash 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 Utilized&#151;noncash 

 &#151; 

 (27 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (27 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at September 30, 2015 

$ 
 154 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 154 

 Utilized&#151;cash 

 (27 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (27 
 ) 

 Utilized&#151;noncash 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 (1 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at June 30, 2016 

$ 
 127 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 (1 
 ) 

$ 
 126 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 In
fiscal 2014, the Company committed to a significant restructuring plan (2014 Plan) and recorded $158 million of restructuring and impairment costs in the combined statements of
income. This is the total amount incurred to date and the total amount expected to be incurred for this restructuring plan. The restructuring actions related primarily to cost reduction initiatives
and included workforce reductions, plant closures and asset impairments. Of the restructuring and impairment costs recorded, $129 million related to the Interiors segment and $29 million
related to the Seating segment. The restructuring actions are expected to be substantially complete in fiscal 2016. 

 F-73 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

8. SIGNIFICANT RESTRUCTURING AND IMPAIRMENT COSTS (Continued) 

 The
following table summarizes the changes in the Company's 2014 Plan reserve: 

 (in millions)

 Employee 
Severance and 
Termination 
Benefits 
 
 Long-Lived 
Asset 
Impairments 
 
 Currency 
Translation 
 
 Total 

 Original Reserve 

$ 
 106 

$ 
 52 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 158 

 Utilized&#151;cash 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Utilized&#151;noncash 

 &#151; 

 (52 
 ) 
 
 (5 
 ) 
 
 (57 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at September 30, 2014 

$ 
 106 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 (5 
 ) 

$ 
 101 

 Utilized&#151;cash 

 (24 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (24 
 ) 

 Utilized&#151;noncash 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (9 
 ) 
 
 (9 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at September 30, 2015 

$ 
 82 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 (14 
 ) 

$ 
 68 

 Utilized&#151;cash 

 (39 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (39 
 ) 

 Utilized&#151;noncash 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 (1 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at June 30, 2016 

$ 
 43 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 (15 
 ) 

$ 
 28 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 In
fiscal 2013, the Company committed to a significant restructuring plan (2013 Plan) and recorded $280 million of restructuring and impairment costs in the combined statements of
income. This is the total amount incurred to date and the total amount expected to be incurred for this restructuring plan. The restructuring actions related to cost reduction initiatives and included
workforce reductions, plant closures, and asset impairments. Of the restructuring and impairment costs recorded, $152 million
related to the Seating segment and $128 million related to the Interiors segment. The restructuring actions are expected to be substantially complete in fiscal 2016. 

 The
following table summarizes the changes in the Company's 2013 Plan reserve: 

 (in millions)

 Employee 
Severance and 
Termination 
Benefits 
 
 Long-Lived 
Asset 
Impairments 
 
 Other 
 
 Currency 
Translation 
 
 Total 

 Original Reserve 

$ 
 199 

$ 
 79 

$ 
 2 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 280 

 Utilized&#151;cash 

 (15 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (15 
 ) 

 Utilized&#151;noncash 

 &#151; 

 (79 
 ) 
 
 (2 
 ) 
 
 3 

 (78 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at September 30, 2013 

$ 
 184 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 3 

$ 
 187 

 Utilized&#151;cash 

 (54 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (54 
 ) 

 Utilized&#151;noncash 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (9 
 ) 
 
 (9 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at September 30, 2014 

$ 
 130 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 (6 
 ) 

$ 
 124 

 Utilized&#151;cash 

 (66 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (66 
 ) 

 Utilized&#151;noncash 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (10 
 ) 
 
 (10 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at September 30, 2015 

$ 
 64 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 (16 
 ) 

$ 
 48 

 Utilized&#151;cash 

 (32 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (32 
 ) 

 Utilized&#151;noncash 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 (1 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at June 30, 2016 

$ 
 32 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 (17 
 ) 

$ 
 15 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-74 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

8. SIGNIFICANT RESTRUCTURING AND IMPAIRMENT COSTS (Continued) 

 The
Parent's fiscal 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 restructuring plans included workforce reductions of approximately 10,700 for Adient. Restructuring charges associated with employee
severance and termination benefits are paid over the severance period granted to each employee or on a lump sum basis in accordance with individual severance agreements. As of June 30, 2016,
approximately 6,800 of the employees have been separated from the Company pursuant to the restructuring plans. In addition, the restructuring plans included twenty plant closures for Adient. As of
June 30, 2016, ten of the twenty plants have been closed. 

 Company
management closely monitors its overall cost structure and continually analyzes each of its businesses for opportunities to consolidate current operations, improve operating
efficiencies and locate facilities in low cost countries in close proximity to customers. This ongoing analysis includes a review of its manufacturing, engineering and purchasing operations, as well
as the overall global footprint for all its businesses. Because of the importance of new vehicle sales by major automotive manufacturers to operations, the Company is affected by the general business
conditions in this industry. Future adverse developments in the automotive industry could impact the Company's liquidity position, lead to impairment charges and/or require additional restructuring of
its operations. 

9. INCOME TAXES 

 In calculating the provision for income taxes, the Company uses an estimate of the annual effective tax rate based upon the facts and circumstances known at each interim period. On a
quarterly basis, the
actual effective tax rate is adjusted, as appropriate, based upon changed facts and circumstances, if any, as compared to those forecasted at the beginning of the fiscal year and each interim period
thereafter. For the three and nine months ended June 30, 2016, the Company's effective tax rate was 95% and 238%, respectively. The effective rate was higher than the U.S. federal statutory
rate of 35% primarily due to a one-time non-cash tax charge in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 for the Company's change in assertion over permanently reinvested earnings as a result of the proposed
separation ($778 million), the jurisdictional mix of restructuring and impairment costs, the tax impacts of separation costs, and a non-recurring non-cash tax charge in the third quarter of
fiscal 2016 related to changes in entity tax status associated with the proposed separation ($85 million), partially offset by the benefits of global tax planning initiatives and foreign tax
rate differentials. For the three and nine months ended June 30, 2015, the Company's effective tax rate was 30% and 17%, respectively. The effective rate was lower than the U.S. federal
statutory rate of 35% primarily due to global tax planning and foreign tax rate differentials, partially offset by a non-cash tax charge in the third quarter of fiscal 2015 for the Company's change in
assertion over permanently reinvested earnings associated with the Interiors joint venture transaction ($75 million) and a tax law change in Japan.

Valuation Allowance 

 The Company reviews the realizability of its deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis, or whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that a review is required. In determining the requirement for a valuation allowance, the historical and projected financial results of the legal entity or consolidated group recording the net
deferred tax asset are considered, along with any other positive or negative evidence. Since future financial results may differ from previous estimates, periodic adjustments to the Company's
valuation allowances may be necessary. 

 F-75 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

9. INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

Uncertain Tax Positions 

 At June 30, 2016, the Company had gross tax effected unrecognized tax benefits of $382 million, of which
$379 million, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. Total net accrued interest at June 30, 2016 was approximately $12 million (net of tax benefit). The interest and
penalties accrued during the nine months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 was not material. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of
income tax expense. 

Impacts of Tax Legislation 

 The United States Department of the Treasury has proposed new regulations under Section 385 of the Internal Revenue Code which
may result in certain types of intercompany debt being characterized as equity. The impact of these regulations, if enacted, may impact the Company's tax expense. The Company is currently assessing
the impact of these proposed regulations on its combined financial statements. 

 The
"look-through rule," under subpart F of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, expired for the Company on September 30, 2015. The "look-through rule" had provided an exception
to the U.S. taxation of
certain income generated by foreign subsidiaries. The rule was extended in December 2015 retroactive to the beginning of the Company's 2016 fiscal year. The retroactive extension was signed into
legislation and was made permanent through the Company's 2020 fiscal year. 

 During
the nine months ended June 30, 2016, other tax legislation was adopted in various jurisdictions. These law changes did not have a material impact on the Company's combined
financial statements. 

 During
the nine months ended June 30, 2015, tax legislation was adopted in Japan which reduced its statutory income tax rate. As a result of the law change, the Company recorded
income tax expense of $4 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2015. 

Other Tax Matters 

 In the third quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company recorded a non-recurring non-cash tax charge of $85 million related to changes
in entity tax status associated with the proposed separation. 

 In
the third quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company recorded $75 million of restructuring and impairment costs. Refer to Note 8, "Significant Restructuring and Impairment
Costs," of the notes to combined financial statements for additional information. The restructuring and impairment costs generated a $12 million tax benefit, which was negatively impacted by
the geographic mix and the Company's current tax position in these jurisdictions. 

 In
the second quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company recorded $169 million of restructuring and impairment costs. Refer to Note 8, "Significant Restructuring and Impairment
Costs," of the notes to combined financial statements for additional information. The restructuring and impairment costs generated a $5 million tax benefit, which was negatively impacted by the
geographic mix, the 

 F-76 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

9. INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

 Company's
current tax position in these jurisdictions and the underlying tax basis in the impaired assets. 

 In
the second quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company provided income tax expense on the foreign undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries associated with the spin-off, which
resulted in a one-time non-cash tax charge and deferred tax liability of $778 million. As a result of the anticipated spin-off, the Parent and the Company were no longer able to assert
permanent reinvestment of foreign undistributed earnings as of March 31, 2016 which resulted in this non-cash tax charge. 

 In
the third quarter of fiscal 2015, the Company provided income tax expense on the foreign undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries associated with the Interiors joint
venture transaction, which resulted in a non-cash tax charge of $75 million. 

 Deferred
taxes are classified in the combined statements of financial position as follows: 

 (in millions)

 June 30, 
2016 
 
 September 30, 
2015 

 Other noncurrent assets 

$ 
 232 

$ 
 285 

 Other noncurrent liabilities 

 (822 
 ) 
 
 (93 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

$ 
 (590 
 ) 

$ 
 192 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

10. RETIREMENT PLANS 

Participation in Parent Pension and Other Postemployment Benefit Plans 

 JCI provides defined benefit pension, postretirement health care and defined contribution benefits to its eligible employees and
retirees, including eligible employees and retirees of Adient. These liabilities are not reflected in the combined statements of financial position. 

 The
combined statements of income include expense allocations for these benefits which were determined using a proportional allocation based on headcount and payroll expense for the
Company's employees. Management considers the expense allocation methodology and results to be reasonable for all periods presented. Total Parent benefit plan net expense allocated to Adient amounted
to $3 million and $8 million for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Total Parent benefit plan net expense allocated to Adient amounted to
$9 million and $24 million for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These costs are reflected in cost of sales and selling, general and administrative
expenses. These costs were funded through intercompany transactions with Parent which are now reflected within the net parent investment equity balance. 

 F-77 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

10. RETIREMENT PLANS (Continued) 

Retirement Benefits 

 The components of the Company's net periodic benefit costs, which are primarily related to its non-U.S. retirement plans, are shown in
the table below in accordance with ASC 715, "Compensation&#151;Retirement Benefits": 

 Retirement Benefits 

 Three Months 
Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months 
Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 

 Service cost 

$ 
 2 

$ 
 2 

$ 
 6 

$ 
 8 

 Interest cost 

 4 

 7 

 12 

 17 

 Expected return on plan assets 

 (5 
 ) 
 
 (7 
 ) 
 
 (16 
 ) 
 
 (18 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net periodic benefit cost 

$ 
 1 

$ 
 2 

$ 
 2 

$ 
 7 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

11. FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS 

 In July 2016, AGH entered into credit facilities providing for commitments with respect to a $1.5 billion Revolving Credit Facility and a $1.5 billion Term
Loan A Facility. The credit facilities mature in July 2021. Commencing June 30, 2017 (or if the distribution occurs prior to December 31, 2016, the last day of the first
full fiscal quarter after distribution), the Term Loan A Facility will require quarterly amortization payments of 0.625% of the original principal amount thereof in the first year, increasing
to 2.50% of the original principal amount thereof by the fourth year. Following the distribution date, the Credit Facility will contain covenants that include, among other things and subject to
certain significant exceptions, restrictions on Adient's ability to declare or pay dividends, make certain payments in respect of the notes, create liens, incur additional indebtedness, make
investments, engage in transactions with affiliates, enter into agreements restricting Adient's subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends, dispose of assets and merge or consolidate with any other
person. In addition, following the distribution date, the credit facilities will contain a financial maintenance covenant requiring Adient to maintain a total net leverage ratio equal to or less than
3.50 to 1.00, tested on a quarterly basis. The Term Loan A Facility will also require mandatory prepayments in connection with certain non-ordinary course asset sales and insurance recovery and
condemnation events, among other things, and subject in each case to certain significant exceptions. Prior to the distribution date, AGH may be required to pay a 0.25% per annum commitment fee on the
unused portions of the committed loans under the credit facilities. Following the distribution date and the satisfaction of certain other conditions, AGH will pay a commitment fee on the unused
portion of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility based on the total net leverage ratio of Adient, ranging from 0.15% to 0.35%. The full amount of the Term Loan A Facility and
$750 million of the Revolving Credit Facility are available to AGH prior to the distribution date. Following the distribution date, the credit facilities will bear interest based on either
LIBOR or a base rate. LIBOR loans will bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus a margin between 1.25%-2.25% and base rate loans will bear interest at the base rate plus a margin of between 0.25%-1.25%
(margins are determined based on Adient's total net leverage ratio). 

 F-78 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

11. FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued) 

 The credit facilities are currently guaranteed by Johnson Controls, Inc. and Johnson Controls International plc.

 Prior to the distribution date, the covenants, representations and warranties and events of default in the credit facilities are substantially identical to those in the Credit Agreement,
dated as of March 10, 2016, among Johnson Controls, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other parties thereto. We refer to this agreement as the
"successor credit agreement." The loans made under the credit facilities currently bear interest at the same rate as loans made under the successor JCI credit agreement.

 Additionally, on August 19, 2016, AGH issued 1.0 billion of 3.50% EUR-denominated senior unsecured notes due 2024 and $0.9 billion of 4.875%
USD-denominated senior unsecured notes due 2026, through a private offering exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933. The proceeds of the notes will be used,
together with anticipated borrowings from the new credit facilities, to make a cash transfer of $3.0 billion to Johnson Controls with the remaining proceeds to be used for working capital and
general corporate purposes.

Net Financing Charges 

 The Company's net financing charges line item in the combined statements of income contained the following components: 

 Three Months 
Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months 
Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 

 Interest expense 

$ 
 1 

$ 
 2 

$ 
 4 

$ 
 8 

 Banking fees 

 1 

 1 

 3 

 2 

 Other 

 &#151; 

 1 

 1 

 1 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net financing charges 

$ 
 2 

$ 
 4 

$ 
 8 

$ 
 11 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-79 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

12. EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 

 The following schedule presents changes in combined equity attributable to Adient and noncontrolling interests: 

 Three Months Ended June 30, 2016 
 
 Three Months Ended June 30, 2015 

 (in millions, net of tax)

 Equity 
Attributable 
to Adient 
 
 Equity 
Attributable to 
Noncontrolling 
Interests 
 
 Total Invested 
Equity 
 
 Equity 
Attributable 
to Adient 
 
 Equity 
Attributable to 
Noncontrolling 
Interests 
 
 Total Invested 
Equity 

 Beginning balance 

$ 
 4,810 

$ 
 151 

$ 
 4,961 

$ 
 5,704 

$ 
 170 

$ 
 5,874 

 Comprehensive income (loss): 

 Net income (loss) 

 (14 
 ) 
 
 14 

 &#151; 

 208 

 11 

 219 

 Foreign currency translation adjustments 

 (85 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (85 
 ) 
 
 117 

 &#151; 

 117 

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives 

 4 

 &#151; 

 4 

 5 

 &#151; 

 5 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other comprehensive income (loss) 

 (81 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (81 
 ) 
 
 122 

 &#151; 

 122 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Comprehensive income (loss) 

 (95 
 ) 
 
 14 

 (81 
 ) 
 
 330 

 11 

 341 

 Other change in equity: 

 Dividends attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 &#151; 

 (36 
 ) 
 
 (36 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (12 
 ) 
 
 (12 
 ) 

 Change in noncontrolling interest share 

 &#151; 

 2 

 2 

 &#151; 

 (7 
 ) 
 
 (7 
 ) 

 Change in Parent's net investment 

 133 

 &#151; 

 133 

 (234 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (234 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Ending balance 

$ 
 4,848 

$ 
 131 

$ 
 4,979 

$ 
 5,800 

$ 
 162 

$ 
 5,962 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Nine Months Ended June 30, 2016 
 
 Nine Months Ended June 30, 2015 

 (in millions, net of tax)

 Equity 
Attributable 
to Adient 
 
 Equity 
Attributable to 
Noncontrolling 
Interests 
 
 Total Invested 
Equity 
 
 Equity 
Attributable 
to Adient 
 
 Equity 
Attributable to 
Noncontrolling 
Interests 
 
 Total Invested 
Equity 

 Beginning balance 

$ 
 5,626 

$ 
 141 

$ 
 5,767 

$ 
 5,453 

$ 
 159 

$ 
 5,612 

 Comprehensive income (loss): 

 Net income (loss) 

 (656 
 ) 
 
 42 

 (614 
 ) 
 
 591 

 40 

 631 

 Foreign currency translation adjustments 

 (54 
 ) 
 
 1 

 (53 
 ) 
 
 (551 
 ) 
 
 (3 
 ) 
 
 (554 
 ) 

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives 

 12 

 &#151; 

 12 

 2 

 &#151; 

 2 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other comprehensive income (loss) 

 (42 
 ) 
 
 1 

 (41 
 ) 
 
 (549 
 ) 
 
 (3 
 ) 
 
 (552 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Comprehensive income (loss) 

 (698 
 ) 
 
 43 

 (655 
 ) 
 
 42 

 37 

 79 

 Other change in equity: 

 Dividends attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 &#151; 

 (55 
 ) 
 
 (55 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (27 
 ) 
 
 (27 
 ) 

 Change in noncontrolling interest share 

&#151; 

2 

2 

&#151; 

(7 
 ) 

(7 
 ) 

 Change in Parent's net investment 

 (80 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (80 
 ) 
 
 305 

 &#151; 

 305 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Ending balance 

$ 
 4,848 

$ 
 131 

$ 
 4,979 

$ 
 5,800 

$ 
 162 

$ 
 5,962 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-80 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

12. EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued) 

 The
Company consolidates certain subsidiaries in which the noncontrolling interest party has within their control the right to require the Company to redeem all or a portion of its
interest in the subsidiary. These redeemable noncontrolling interests are reported at their estimated redemption value. Any adjustment to the redemption value impacts retained earnings but does not
impact net income. Redeemable noncontrolling interests which are redeemable only upon future events, the occurrence of which is not currently probable, are recorded at carrying value. 

 The
following schedule presents changes in the redeemable noncontrolling interests: 

 Three Months 
Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months 
Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 

 Beginning balance 

$ 
 42 

$ 
 34 

$ 
 31 

$ 
 27 

 Net income 

 7 

 5 

 19 

 13 

 Foreign currency translation adjustments 

 &#151; 

 (2 
 ) 
 
 1 

 (1 
 ) 

 Dividends 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (2 
 ) 
 
 (2 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Ending balance 

$ 
 49 

$ 
 37 

$ 
 49 

$ 
 37 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-81 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

12. EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued) 

 The following schedule presents changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) attributable to Adient: 

 Three Months 
Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine Months 
Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions, net of tax)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 

 Foreign currency translation adjustments 

 Balance at beginning of period 

$ 
 (198 
 ) 

$ 
 (385 
 ) 

$ 
 (229 
 ) 

$ 
 283 

 Aggregate adjustment for the period (net of tax effect of $(7), $1, $(4) and $7) 

 (85 
 ) 
 
 117 

 (54 
 ) 
 
 (551 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at end of period 

 (283 
 ) 
 
 (268 
 ) 
 
 (283 
 ) 
 
 (268 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives 

 Balance at beginning of period 

 (9 
 ) 
 
 (9 
 ) 
 
 (17 
 ) 
 
 (6 
 ) 

 Current period changes in fair value (net of tax effect of $4, $5, $9 and $6) 

 10 

 10 

 27 

 12 

 Reclassification to income (net of tax effect of $(4), $(3), $(10) and $(6)) 

 (6 
 ) 
 
 (5 
 ) 
 
 (15 
 ) 
 
 (10 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at end of period 

 (5 
 ) 
 
 (4 
 ) 
 
 (5 
 ) 
 
 (4 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Pension and postretirement plans 

 Balance at beginning of period 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 (1 
 ) 

 Balance at end of period 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 (1 
 ) 
 
 (1 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Accumulated other comprehensive loss, end of period 

$ 
 (289 
 ) 

$ 
 (273 
 ) 

$ 
 (289 
 ) 

$ 
 (273 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 * Refer
to Note 13, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," of the notes to combined financial statements for disclosure of the line items on
the combined statements of income affected by reclassifications from AOCI into income related to derivatives. 

13. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES 

 The Parent selectively uses derivative instruments to reduce Adient's market risk associated with changes in foreign currency. Under the Parent's policy, the use of derivatives is
restricted to those intended for hedging purposes; the use of any derivative instrument for speculative purposes is strictly prohibited. A description of each type of derivative utilized by the Parent
to manage Adient's risk is included in the following paragraphs. In addition, refer to Note 14, "Fair Value Measurements," of the notes to combined financial statements for information related
to the fair value measurements and valuation methods utilized by the Company for each derivative type. 

 The
Company has global operations and participates in the foreign exchange markets to minimize its risk of loss from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The Parent primarily
uses foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge certain of Adient's foreign exchange rate exposures. The Parent hedges 70% to 90% of the nominal amount of each of its known foreign exchange
transactional 

 F-82 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

13. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES (Continued) 

 exposures.
Gains and losses on derivative contracts offset gains and losses on underlying foreign currency exposures. 

 The
Parent has entered into cross-currency interest rate swaps to selectively hedge portions of Adient's net investment in Japan. The currency effects of the cross-currency interest rate
swaps are reflected in
the AOCI account within invested equity attributable to Adient where they offset gains and losses recorded on the Company's net investment in Japan. At June 30, 2016, the Parent had a
5 billion yen cross-currency interest rate swap outstanding. At September 30, 2015 the Parent had four cross-currency interest rate swaps outstanding for Adient totaling
20 billion yen. 

 The
following table presents the location and fair values of derivative instruments and hedging activities included in the Company's combined statements of financial position: 

 Derivatives and Hedging 
Activities Designated as 
Hedging Instruments 
under ASC 815 
 
 Derivatives and Hedging 
Activities Not Designated 
as Hedging Instruments 
under ASC 815 

 (in millions)

 June 30, 
2016 
 
 September 30, 
2015 
 
 June 30, 
2016 
 
 September 30, 
2015 

 Other current assets 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 

$ 
 2 

$ 
 5 

$ 
 8 

$ 
 41 

 Cross-currency interest rate swaps 

 &#151; 

 5 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets 

$ 
 2 

$ 
 10 

$ 
 8 

$ 
 41 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other current liabilities 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 

$ 
 17 

$ 
 27 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 17 

 Cross-currency interest rate swaps 

 8 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities 

$ 
 25 

$ 
 28 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 17 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 The
Parent enters into International Swaps and Derivatives Associations (ISDA) master netting agreements with counterparties that permit the net settlement of amounts owed under the
derivative contracts. The master netting agreements generally provide for net settlement of all outstanding contracts with a counterparty in the case of an event of default or a termination event. The
Company has not elected to offset the fair value positions of the derivative contracts recorded in the combined statements of financial position. Collateral is generally not required of the Company or
the counterparties under the master netting agreements. As of June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, no cash collateral was received or pledged under the master netting agreements. 

 F-83 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

13. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES (Continued) 

 The
gross and net amounts of derivative assets and liabilities are as follows: 

 Fair Value of Assets 
 
 Fair Value of Liabilities 

 (in millions)

 June 30, 
2016 
 
 September 30, 
2015 
 
 June 30, 
2016 
 
 September 30, 
2015 

 Gross amount recognized 

$ 
 10 

$ 
 51 

$ 
 25 

$ 
 45 

 Gross amount eligible for offsetting 

 (4 
 ) 
 
 (2 
 ) 
 
 (4 
 ) 
 
 (2 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net amount 

$ 
 6 

$ 
 49 

$ 
 21 

$ 
 43 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 The
following tables present the location and amount of the effective portion of gains and losses gross of tax on derivative instruments and related hedge items reclassified from AOCI
into the Company's combined statements of income and amounts recorded in AOCI net of tax in the combined statements of financial position (in millions): 

 Amount of Gain 
Reclassified from AOCI 
into Income 

 Three 
Months 
Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine 
Months 
Ended 
June 30, 

 Location of Gain Reclassified 
from AOCI into Income 

 Derivatives in ASC 815 Cash 
Flow Hedging Relationships

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 
 
 Cost of sales 

$ 
 10 

$ 
 8 

$ 
 25 

$ 
 16 

 Amount of Loss Recognized 
in AOCI on Derivative 

 Derivatives in ASC 815 Cash 
Flow Hedging Relationships

 June 30, 2016 
 
 September 30, 2015 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 

$ 
 (5 
 ) 

$ 
 (17 
 ) 

 Amount of Gain (Loss) 
Recognized in Income on 
Derivative 

 Three 
Months 
Ended 
June 30, 
 
 Nine 
Months 
Ended 
June 30, 

 Derivatives Not Designated 
as Hedging Instruments 
under ASC 815

 Location of Gain (Loss) 
Recognized in Income on 
Derivative 

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 
 
 Cost of sales 

$ 
 5 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 (1 
 ) 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 
 
 Net financing charges 

 9 

 2 

 (3 
 ) 
 
 13 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total 

$ 
 14 

$ 
 2 

$ 
 (3 
 ) 

$ 
 12 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 The
amount of losses recognized as cumulative translation adjustment (CTA) within AOCI on the effective portion of outstanding net investment hedges was $5 million at
June 30, 2016. The amount of gains recognized in CTA within AOCI on the effective portion of outstanding net investment hedges was $2 million at September 30, 2015. For the nine
months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, no gains or 

 F-84 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

13. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES (Continued) 

 losses
were reclassified from CTA into income for the Company's outstanding net investment hedges, and no gains or losses were recognized in income for the ineffective portion of cash flow hedges. 

14. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

 ASC 820, "Fair Value Measurement," defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a three-level fair value hierarchy that prioritizes information used in developing assumptions when pricing an asset or liability as
follows: 

 Level 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; 

 Level 2: Inputs, other than quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 

 Level 3: Unobservable inputs where there is little or no market data, which requires the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

 ASC
820 requires the use of observable market data, when available, in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the
hierarchy, the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Recurring Fair Value Measurements 

 The following tables present the Company's fair value hierarchy for those assets and liabilities measured at fair value: 

 Fair Value Measurements Using: 

 (in millions)

 Total as of 
June 30, 2016 
 
 Quoted Prices 
in Active 
Markets 
(Level 1) 
 
 Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2) 
 
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3) 

 Other current assets 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 

$ 
 10 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 10 

$ 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets 

$ 
 10 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 10 

$ 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other current liabilities 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 

$ 
 17 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 17 

$ 
 &#151; 

 Cross-currency interest rate swaps 

 8 

 &#151; 

 8 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities 

$ 
 25 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 25 

$ 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-85 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

14. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued) 

 Fair Value Measurements Using: 

 (in millions)

 Total as of 
September 30, 2015 
 
 Quoted Prices 
in Active 
Markets 
(Level 1) 
 
 Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2) 
 
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3) 

 Other current assets 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 

$ 
 46 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 46 

$ 
 &#151; 

 Cross-currency interest rate swaps 

 5 

 &#151; 

 5 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets 

$ 
 51 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 51 

$ 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Other current liabilities 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives 

$ 
 44 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 44 

$ 
 &#151; 

 Cross-currency interest rate swaps 

 1 

 &#151; 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities 

$ 
 45 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 45 

$ 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

Valuation Methods 

 Foreign currency exchange derivatives&#151;The Parent selectively hedges anticipated transactions that are subject to foreign
exchange rate risk primarily using foreign currency exchange hedge contracts. The foreign currency exchange derivatives are valued under a market approach using publicized spot and forward prices. As
cash flow hedges under ASC 815, "Derivatives and Hedging," the effective portion of the hedge gains or losses due to changes in fair value are initially recorded as a component of AOCI and are
subsequently reclassified into earnings when the hedged transactions occur and affect earnings. Any ineffective portion of the hedge is reflected in the combined statements of income. These contracts
were highly effective in hedging the variability in future cash flows attributable to changes in currency exchange rates at June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. The fair value of
foreign currency exchange derivatives not designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815 are recorded in the combined statements of income. 

 Cross-currency
interest rate swaps&#151;The Parent selectively uses cross-currency interest rate swaps to hedge the foreign currency rate risk associated with certain of Adient's
investments in Japan. The cross-currency interest rate swaps are valued using observable market data. Changes in the market value of the swaps are reflected in the CTA component of AOCI where they
offset gains and losses recorded on the Company's net investment in Japan. At June 30, 2016, the Parent had one cross-currency interest rate swap outstanding totaling 5 billion yen. At
September 30, 2015, the Parent had four cross-currency interest rate swaps outstanding totaling 20 billion yen. 

15. SEGMENT INFORMATION 

 ASC 280, "Segment Reporting," establishes the standards for reporting information about segments in financial statements. In applying the criteria set forth in ASC 280, the Company has
determined that it has two reportable segments for financial reporting purposes. 

 F-86 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

15. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued) 

 Adient
designs and manufactures interior systems and products for passenger cars and light trucks, including vans, pick-up trucks and sport utility/crossover
vehicles. 

 &#149; The Seating reportable segment produces automotive seat metal structures and mechanisms, foam, trim, fabric and complete seat systems. 
 &#149; The Interiors reportable segment, primarily derived from its global automotive interiors joint venture completed on July 2,
2015, produces instrument panels, floor consoles, door panels, overhead consoles, cockpit systems, decorative trim and other products. Prior to the completion of the joint venture, the Interiors
reportable segment produced instrument panels, floor consoles and door panels. 

 Management
evaluates the performance of the segments based primarily on segment income, which represents income before income taxes and noncontrolling interests excluding net financing
charges, restructuring and impairment costs, and net mark-to-market adjustments on pension and postretirement plans. General corporate and other overhead expenses are allocated to business segments in
determining segment income. Financial information relating to the Company's reportable segments is as follows: 

 Three Months 
Ended June 30, 
 
 Nine Months 
Ended June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 

 Net Sales 

 Seating 

$ 
 4,338 

$ 
 4,337 

$ 
 12,776 

$ 
 12,767 

 Interiors 

 24 

 1,065 

 117 

 3,142 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total net sales 

$ 
 4,362 

$ 
 5,402 

$ 
 12,893 

$ 
 15,909 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Three Months 
Ended June 30, 
 
 Nine Months 
Ended June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 
 
 2016 
 
 2015 

 Segment Income 

 Seating 

$ 
 208 

$ 
 276 

$ 
 634 

$ 
 691 

 Interiors 

 12 

 50 

 50 

 98 

 Total restructuring and impairment costs 

(75 
 ) 

&#151; 

(244 
 ) 

&#151; 

 Net financing charges 

 (2 
 ) 
 
 (4 
 ) 
 
 (8 
 ) 
 
 (11 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income before income taxes 

$ 
 143 

$ 
 322 

$ 
 432 

$ 
 778 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

16. IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS 

 The Company reviews long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets with definite lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company conducts its long-lived asset impairment analyses in accordance with ASC 360-10-15, "Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived 

 F-87 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

16. IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS (Continued) 

 Assets."
ASC 360-10-15 requires the Company to group assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and
liabilities and evaluate the asset group against the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows. If the undiscounted cash flows do not indicate the carrying amount of the asset is recoverable, an
impairment charge is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its fair value based on discounted cash flow analysis or appraisals. 

 During
the second and third quarters of fiscal 2016, the Company concluded it had triggering events requiring assessment of impairment for certain of its long-lived assets in conjunction
with its announced restructuring actions. As a result, the Company reviewed the long-lived assets for impairment and recorded a $41 million impairment charge within restructuring and impairment
costs on the combined statements of income, of which $9 million was recorded in the second quarter and $32 million was recorded in the third quarter. Of the total impairment charges,
$40 million related to the Seating segment and $1 million related to the Interiors segment. Refer to Note 8, "Significant Restructuring and Impairment Costs," of the notes to
combined financial statements for additional information. The
impairment was measured, depending on the asset, either under an income approach utilizing forecasted discounted cash flows or a market approach utilizing an appraisal to determine fair values of the
impairment assets. These methods are consistent with the methods the Company employed in prior periods to value other long-lived assets. The inputs utilized in the analyses are classified as
Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy as defined in ASC 820, "Fair Value Measurement" and primarily consist of expected future cash flows, estimated production volumes, discount rates,
estimated salvage values and third-party appraisals. 

 At
June 30, 2015, the Company concluded it did not have any triggering events requiring assessment of impairment of its long-lived assets. 

17. NONCONSOLIDATED PARTIALLY-OWNED AFFILIATES 

 Investments in the net assets of nonconsolidated partially-owned affiliates are stated in the "Investments in partially-owned affiliates" line in the combined statements of financial
position as of June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. Equity in the net income of nonconsolidated partially-owned affiliates is stated in the "Equity income" line in the combined
statements of income for the three and nine months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. 

 F-88 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

17. NONCONSOLIDATED PARTIALLY-OWNED AFFILIATES (Continued) 

 The
Company maintains total investments in partially-owned affiliates of $1.7 billion and $1.6 billion at June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively.
Financial information for nonconsolidated partially-owned affiliates that were significant to Adient's results is as follows: 

Summarized balance sheet data: 

 June 30, 2016 

 (in millions)

 YFJC 
 
 All Other 
 
 Total 

 Current assets 

$ 
 2,060 

$ 
 3,977 

$ 
 6,037 

 Noncurrent assets 

 606 

 2,088 

 2,694 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets 

$ 
 2,666 

$ 
 6,065 

$ 
 8,731 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Current liabilities 

$ 
 1,848 

$ 
 4,053 

$ 
 5,901 

 Noncurrent liabilities 

 44 

 150 

 194 

 Noncontrolling interests 

 100 

 28 

 128 

 Shareholders' equity 

 674 

 1,834 

 2,508 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

$ 
 2,666 

$ 
 6,065 

$ 
 8,731 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 September 30, 2015 

 (in millions)

 YFJC 
 
 All Other 
 
 Total 

 Current assets 

$ 
 1,595 

$ 
 3,923 

$ 
 5,518 

 Noncurrent assets 

 541 

 2,121 

 2,662 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets 

$ 
 2,136 

$ 
 6,044 

$ 
 8,180 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Current liabilities 

$ 
 1,352 

$ 
 4,140 

$ 
 5,492 

 Noncurrent liabilities 

 41 

 108 

 149 

 Noncontrolling interests 

 67 

 11 

 78 

 Shareholders' equity 

 676 

 1,785 

 2,461 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

$ 
 2,136 

$ 
 6,044 

$ 
 8,180 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-89 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

17. NONCONSOLIDATED PARTIALLY-OWNED AFFILIATES (Continued) 

Summarized income statement data with reconciliation to Adient's equity in net income from
nonconsolidated partially-owned affiliates: 

 Nine Months Ended 
June 30, 2016 

 (in millions)

 YFJC 
 
 All Other 
 
 Total 

 Net sales 

$ 
 3,156 

$ 
 9,002 

$ 
 12,158 

 Gross profit 

 438 

 918 

 1,356 

 Operating income 

 334 

 501 

 835 

 Net income 

 274 

 470 

 744 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 35 

 17 

 52 

 Net income attributable to the entity 

 239 

 453 

 692 

 Equity in net income of affiliated companies, before basis adjustments 

$ 
 
121 

$ 
 
157 

$ 
 
278 

 Basis adjustments 

 (3 
 ) 
 
 (15 
 ) 
 
 (18 
 ) 

 Equity in net income of affiliated companies 

 118 

 142 

 260 

 Nine Months Ended 
June 30, 2015 

 (in millions)

 YFJC 
 
 All Other 
 
 Total 

 Net sales 

$ 
 3,018 

$ 
 2,957 

$ 
 5,975 

 Gross profit 

 414 

 348 

 762 

 Operating income 

 327 

 273 

 600 

 Net income 

 271 

 255 

 526 

 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 33 

 &#151; 

 33 

 Net income attributable to the entity 

 238 

 255 

 493 

 Equity in net income of affiliated companies, before basis adjustments 

$ 
 
120 

$ 
 
107 

$ 
 
227 

 Basis adjustments 

 (2 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (2 
 ) 

 Equity in net income of affiliated companies 

 118 

 107 

 225 

18. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

 The Company accrues for potential environmental liabilities when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability is reasonably estimable. Reserves for
environmental liabilities totaled $6 million and $7 million at June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. The Company reviews the status of its environmental sites
on a quarterly basis and adjusts its reserves accordingly. Such potential liabilities accrued by the Company do not take into consideration possible recoveries of future insurance proceeds. They do,
however, take into account the likely share other parties will bear at remediation sites. It is difficult to estimate the Company's ultimate level of liability at many remediation sites due to the
large number of other parties that may be involved, the complexity of determining the relative liability among those parties, the uncertainty as to the nature and scope of the 

 F-90 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

18. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued) 

 investigations
and remediation to be conducted, the uncertainty in the application of law and risk assessment, the various choices and costs associated with diverse technologies that may be used in
corrective actions at the sites, and the often quite lengthy periods over which eventual remediation may occur. Nevertheless, the Company does not currently believe that any claims, penalties or costs
in connection with known environmental matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

 The
Company is involved in various lawsuits, claims and proceedings incident to the operation of its businesses, including those pertaining to product liability, environmental, safety
and health, intellectual property, employment, commercial and contractual matters, and various other casualty matters. Although the outcome of any such lawsuit, claim or proceeding cannot be predicted
with certainty and some may be disposed of unfavorably to Adient, it is management's opinion that none of these will have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, results of
operations or cash flows. Costs related to such matters were not material to the periods presented. 

19. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND PARENT'S NET INVESTMENT 

Related Party Transactions 

 In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into transactions with related parties, such as equity affiliates and other
businesses of the Parent. Such transactions consist of facility management services, the sale or purchase of goods and other arrangements. 

 The
following table sets forth the net sales to and purchases from related parties included in the combined statements of operations: 

 Nine Months 
Ended 
June 30, 

 (in millions)

 2016 
 
 2015 

 Net sales to related parties 

$ 
 378 

$ 
 140 

 Purchases from related parties 

 288 

 111 

 The
following table sets forth the amount of accounts receivable due from and payable to related parties in the combined statements of financial position: 

 (in millions)

 June 30, 
2016 
 
 September 30, 
2015 

 Receivable from related parties 

$ 
 156 

$ 
 254 

 Payable to related parties 

 47 

 122 

 Excluding
the settlement of intercompany balances in advance of the separation of the Company from the Parent, average receivable and payable balances with related parties remained
relatively consistent with the period end balances shown above. 

 F-91 

 Table of Contents 

Adient 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements (Continued) 

 June 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

19. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND PARENT'S NET INVESTMENT (Continued) 

Corporate Allocations and Parent's Net Investment 

 The combined statements of operations include allocations for certain support functions that are provided on a centralized basis by the
Parent and subsequently recorded at the business unit level, such as expenses related to employee benefits, finance, human resources, risk management, information technology, facilities, and legal,
among others. Included in cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expense during the three months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 were $76 million and $102 million,
respectively, of corporate expenses incurred by JCI. Included in cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expense during the nine months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 were
$215 million and $284 million, respectively, of corporate expenses incurred by JCI. These expenses have been allocated to the Company on the basis of direct usage when identifiable, with
the remainder allocated on a proportional basis of combined sales, headcount or other measures of the Company or the Parent. Management believes the assumptions underlying the combined financial
statements, including the assumptions regarding allocating general corporate expenses from the Parent, are reasonable. Nevertheless, the combined financial statements may not include all actual
expenses that would have been incurred by the Company and may not reflect the combined results of operations, financial position and cash flows had it been a stand-alone company during the years
presented. Actual costs that would have been incurred if the Company had been a stand-alone company would depend on multiple factors, including organizational structure and strategic decisions made in
various areas, including information technology and infrastructure. 

 In
addition to the amounts above, approximately $138 million and $332 million of costs related to the separation of Adient have been incurred by the Parent for the three
and nine months ended June 30, 2016, respectively. Of these amounts, $122 million and $254 million was deemed to directly benefit Adient as a stand-alone company for the three and
nine months ended June 30, 2016, respectively. Accordingly, these costs have been allocated to Adient and are reflected within selling, general and administrative expenses in the combined
statements of income. 

 In
addition to the transactions discussed above, certain intercompany transactions between the Company and the Parent have not been recorded as related party transactions. These
transactions are considered to be effectively settled for cash at the time the transaction is recorded. The total net effect of the settlement of these intercompany transactions is reflected in the
combined statements of cash flows as a financing activity and in the combined statements of financial position as Parent's net investment. 

 F-92 

 Table of Contents 

 SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 Independent Auditor's Report 

 To
the Board of Directors of Shanghai Yanfeng Johnson Controls Seating Co., Ltd.: 

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Shanghai Yanfeng Johnson Controls Seating Co., Ltd. (the "Company") and its subsidiaries, which
comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of 31 December 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated income statements, cash flow statements and statements of changes in owners' equity for
each of the two years ended 31 December 2014 and 2013. 

Management's Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the
requirements of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises in the People's Republic of China; this includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the
preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 

Auditor's Responsibility 

 Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in
accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement. 

 An
audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. The procedures selected depend on our
judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, we consider internal
control relevant to the Company's preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for
the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of
accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 

Opinion 

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company and its subsidiaries as of 31 December 2014 and 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years ended 31 December 2014
and 2013 in accordance with the requirements of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises in the People's Republic of China. 

Other Matters 

 The accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of 31 December 2015, and the related consolidated income statement, cash flow
statement and statement of changes in owners' equity for the year then ended are presented for purposes of complying with Rule 3-09 of SEC Regulation S-X; however, Rule 3-09 does
not require the financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2015 to be audited and they are, therefore, not covered by this report. 

 F-93 

 Table of Contents 

 Accounting
Standards for Business Enterprises in the People's Republic of China vary in certain significant respects from accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. Information relating to the nature and effect of such differences is presented in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements. 

 /s/
PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP 

 PricewaterhouseCoopers
Zhong Tian LLP 

 26
April 2016 

 Shanghai,
the People's Republic of China 

 F-94 

 Table of Contents 

 SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER
2015 ARE UNAUDITED) (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

 ASSETS

 Note 
 
 31 December 
2015 
Consolidated 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
Consolidated 
 
 31 December 
2013 
Consolidated 

 Current assets 

 Cash at bank and on hand 
 
 7(1) 

 3,939,894,113 

 3,165,627,901 

 3,009,341,225 

 Notes receivable 
 
 7(2) 

 1,198,378,148 

 1,030,656,745 

 846,422,674 

 Accounts receivable 
 
 7(3(a)) 

 5,697,029,340 

 4,688,450,612 

 4,498,658,134 

 Advances to suppliers 

 130,127,043 

 162,716,875 

 126,838,132 

 Interest receivable 

 1,678,489 

 394,637 

 1,095,888 

 Dividends receivable 

 16,336,555 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Other receivables 
 
 7(3(b)) 

 228,573,927 

 464,461,266 

 367,600,678 

 Inventories 
 
 7(4) 

 701,202,676 

 638,115,225 

 622,120,216 

 Other current assets 
 
 7(5) 

 352,709,670 

 49,714,736 

 75,796,692 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total current assets 

 12,265,929,961 

 10,200,137,997 

 9,547,873,639 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Non-current assets 

 Long-term equity investments 
 
 7(6) 

 158,752,993 

 76,331,842 

 62,434,370 

 Fixed assets 
 
 7(7) 

 1,778,145,645 

 1,537,142,169 

 1,327,582,914 

 Construction in progress 
 
 7(8) 

 334,405,828 

 485,022,530 

 453,220,391 

 Intangible assets 
 
 7(9) 

 290,139,232 

 362,271,077 

 587,790,417 

 Long-term prepaid expenses 
 
 7(10) 

 195,116,898 

 202,556,024 

 124,512,878 

 Deferred tax assets 
 
 7(20(a)) 

 546,116,880 

 335,832,409 

 252,343,326 

 Other non-current assets 
 
 7(11) 

 99,787,600 

 53,009,636 

 93,019,363 

 Goodwill 
 
 7(12) 

 71,566,642 

 71,566,642 

 71,566,642 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total non-current assets 

 3,474,031,718 

 3,123,732,329 

 2,972,470,301 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 TOTAL ASSETS 

 15,739,961,679 

 13,323,870,326 

 12,520,343,940 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 

 F-95 

 Table of Contents 

 SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED
31 DECEMBER 2015 ARE UNAUDITED) (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

 LIABILITIES AND OWNERS' EQUITY

 Note 
 
 31 December 
2015 
Consolidated 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
Consolidated 
 
 31 December 
2013 
Consolidated 

 Current liabilities 

 Short-term borrowings 
 
 7(13) 

 75,000,000 

 100,000,000 

 299,300,500 

 Notes payable 
 
 7(14) 

 457,179,867 

 441,557,489 

 459,996,380 

 Accounts payable 
 
 7(15) 

 8,468,879,463 

 6,510,519,647 

 5,850,740,700 

 Advances from customers 

 55,982,936 

 50,804,021 

 66,160,399 

 Employee benefits payable 
 
 7(16) 

 621,152,813 

 548,588,559 

 466,055,388 

 Taxes payable 
 
 7(17) 

 560,021,549 

 407,355,491 

 449,618,177 

 Interest payable 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,769,746 

 Dividends payable 

 &#151; 

 36,552,986 

 9,000,000 

 Other payables 
 
 7(18) 

 1,546,190,411 

 1,652,806,503 

 1,320,308,049 

 Current portion of Long-term borrowings 
 
 7(19) 

 5,398,000 

 5,398,000 

 2,699,000 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total current liabilities 

 11,789,805,039 

 9,753,582,696 

 8,925,648,339 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Non-current liabilities 

 Long-term borrowings 
 
 7(19) 

 13,505,000 

 18,903,000 

 24,301,000 

 Deferred income 

 7,402,636 

 5,440,000 

 5,440,000 

 Deferred tax liabilities 
 
 7(20(b)) 

 241,500 

 18,599,893 

 69,724,286 

 Provisions 

 4,206,400 

 4,037,176 

 3,454,415 

 Total non-current liabilities 

 25,355,536 

 46,980,069 

 102,919,701 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities 

 11,815,160,575 

 9,800,562,765 

 9,028,568,040 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Owners' equity 

 Paid-in capital 
 
 7(21) 

 439,853,380 

 439,853,380 

 439,853,380 

 Capital surplus 
 
 7(22) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,148,851 

 Other Comprehensive income 
 
 7(33(b)) 

 (307,041 
 ) 
 
 (32,010 
 ) 
 
 (147,000 
 ) 

 Surplus reserve 
 
 7(23) 

 329,063,052 

 284,833,010 

 242,136,006 

 Undistributed profits 
 
 7(24) 

 2,635,032,872 

 2,354,813,576 

 2,266,775,854 

 Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company 

 3,403,642,263 

 3,079,467,956 

 2,949,767,091 

 Minority interest 

 521,158,841 

 443,839,605 

 542,008,809 

 Total owners' equity 

 3,924,801,104 

 3,523,307,561 

 3,491,775,900 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND OWNERS' EQUITY 

 15,739,961,679 

 13,323,870,326 

 12,520,343,940 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 The
accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 

 Legal representative: 
 
 Principal in charge of accounting: 
 
 Head of accounting department: 

 Zhengang Ma 
 
 Haifeng Mao 
 
 Jianjun Chu 

 F-96 

 Table of Contents 

 SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31
DECEMBER 2015 ARE UNAUDITED) (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

 Item

 Note 
 
 2015 
Consolidated 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
Consolidated 
 
 2013 
Consolidated 

 Revenue 
 
 7(25) 

 26,572,050,764 

 24,485,129,870 

 21,572,906,592 

 Less: Cost of sales 
 
 7(25)(28) 

 (22,023,017,968 
 ) 
 
 (20,287,565,383 
 ) 
 
 (17,638,266,869 
 ) 

 Taxes and surcharges 
 
 7(26) 

 (119,877,553 
 ) 
 
 (85,497,846 
 ) 
 
 (77,345,731 
 ) 

 Selling and distribution expenses 
 
 7(28) 

 (175,878,437 
 ) 
 
 (174,129,174 
 ) 
 
 (172,411,220 
 ) 

 General and administrative expenses 
 
 7(28) 

 (1,838,254,817 
 ) 
 
 (1,834,888,595 
 ) 
 
 (1,554,353,927 
 ) 

 Financial expenses&#151;net 
 
 7(27) 

 59,098,880 

 25,205,319 

 (26,052,533 
 ) 

 Asset impairment losses 
 
 7(29) 

 (9,380,519 
 ) 
 
 (4,671,239 
 ) 
 
 (10,943,037 
 ) 

 Add: Investment income&#151;net 
 
 7(30) 

 48,357,857 

 13,897,472 

 1,083,789 

 Including: Share of profit of associates and joint ventures 

 40,459,106 

 13,897,472 

 1,083,789 

 Operating profit 

2,513,098,207 

2,137,480,424 

2,094,617,064 

 Add: Non-operating income 
 
 7(31(a)) 

 45,819,087 

 45,272,000 

 35,833,374 

 Including: gains on disposal of non-current assets 

 1,676,650 

 13,714,861 

 5,306,453 

 Less: Non-operating expenses 
 
 7(31(b)) 

 (14,512,924 
 ) 
 
 (14,525,030 
 ) 
 
 (11,603,001 
 ) 

 Including: Losses on disposal of non-current assets 

 (4,669,157 
 ) 
 
 (10,808,449 
 ) 
 
 (6,638,252 
 ) 

 Total profit 

2,544,404,370 

2,168,227,394 

2,118,847,437 

 Less: Income tax expenses 
 
 7(32) 

 (463,389,635 
 ) 
 
 (388,801,668 
 ) 
 
 (371,443,481 
 ) 

 Net profit 

2,081,014,735 

1,779,425,726 

1,747,403,956 

 Attributable to equity holders of the Company 

 1,775,435,020 

 1,591,845,675 

 1,674,363,531 

 Minority interest 

 305,579,715 

 187,580,051 

 73,040,425 

 Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

 Attributable to equity owners of the Company 
 
 7(33(a)) 

 (275,031 
 ) 
 
 114,990 

 (147,000 
 ) 

 Translation differences on translation of foreign currency financial statements 

 (275,031 
 ) 
 
 114,990 

 (147,000 
 ) 

 Total comprehensive income 

 2,080,739,704 

 1,779,540,716 

 1,747,256,956 

 Attributable to equity owners of the Company 

 1,775,159,989 

 1,591,960,665 

 1,674,216,531 

 Attributable to minority interests 

 305,579,715 

 187,580,051 

 73,040,425 

 The
accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 

 Legal representative: 
 
 Principal in charge of accounting: 
 
 Head of accounting department: 

 Zhengang Ma 
 
 Haifeng Mao 
 
 Jianjun Chu 

 F-97 

 Table of Contents 

 SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31
DECEMBER 2015 ARE UNAUDITED) (All amounts in Rmb Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

 Item

 Note 
 
 2015 
Consolidated 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
Consolidated 
 
 2013 
Consolidated 

 Cash flows from operating activities 

 Cash received from sales of goods or rendering of services 

 30,668,864,213 

 28,945,292,864 

 23,847,583,444 

 Refund of taxes and surcharges 

 13,781,018 

 34,090,499 

 4,542 

 Cash received relating to other operating activities 

 74,044,037 

 43,456,279 

 64,838,551 

 Sub-total of cash inflows 

 30,756,689,268 

 29,022,839,642 

 23,912,426,537 

 Cash paid for goods and services 

 (22,770,981,843 
 ) 
 
 (22,077,186,618 
 ) 
 
 (18,098,199,881 
 ) 

 Cash paid to and on behalf of employees 

 (1,553,146,820 
 ) 
 
 (1,402,532,782 
 ) 
 
 (1,158,938,499 
 ) 

 Payments of taxes and surcharges 

 (1,781,651,976 
 ) 
 
 (1,434,245,412 
 ) 
 
 (991,365,833 
 ) 

 Cash paid relating to other operating activities 
 
 7(34(d)) 

 (1,653,278,352 
 ) 
 
 (1,441,512,528 
 ) 
 
 (1,062,458,998 
 ) 

 Sub-total of cash outflows 

 (27,759,058,991 
 ) 
 
 (26,355,477,340 
 ) 
 
 (21,310,963,211 
 ) 

 Net cash flows from operating activities 
 
 7(34(a)) 

 2,997,630,277 

 2,667,362,302 

 2,601,463,326 

 Cash flows from investing activities 

 Cash received from disposal of investments 

 50,646,471 

 89,724,800 

 &#151; 

 Cash received from returns on investments 

 16,244,436 

 3,070,735 

 1,180,994 

 Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets, intangible assets and other long-term assets 

 211,692,165 

 191,304,314 

 22,134,823 

 Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries and other business units 

 13,510,827 

 &#151; 

 Cash received relating to other investing activities 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 220,000,000 

 Sub-total of cash inflows 

 292,093,899 

 284,099,849 

 243,315,817 

 Cash paid to acquire fixed assets, intangible assets and other long-term assets 

 (476,099,495 
 ) 
 
 (767,637,244 
 ) 
 
 (554,705,790 
 ) 

 Cash paid to acquire investments 

 (315,000,000 
 ) 
 
 (90,371,271 
 ) 
 
 (50,251,692 
 ) 

 Net cash paid to acquire subsidiaries and other business units 

 (62,298,600 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (412,534,635 
 ) 

 Cash paid relating to other investing activities 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (220,000,000 
 ) 

 Sub-total of cash outflows 

 (853,398,095 
 ) 
 
 (858,008,515 
 ) 
 
 (1,237,492,117 
 ) 

 Net cash flows from investing activities 

 (561,304,196 
 ) 
 
 (573,908,666 
 ) 
 
 (994,176,300 
 ) 

 Cash flows from financing activities 

 Cash received from capital contributions 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 17,500,000 

 Including: Cash received from capital contributions by minority shareholders of subsidiaries 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 17,500,000 

 Cash received from borrowings 

 75,855,064 

 400,000,000 

 458,793,339 

 Sub-total of cash inflows 

 75,855,064 

 400,000,000 

 476,293,339 

 Cash repayments of borrowings 

 (105,496,657 
 ) 
 
 (601,999,500 
 ) 
 
 (282,092,839 
 ) 

 Cash payments for interest expenses, distribution of dividends or profits 

 (1,664,108,967 
 ) 
 
 (1,567,648,168 
 ) 
 
 (1,451,764,972 
 ) 

 Including: Cash payments for dividends or profit to minority shareholders of subsidiaries 

 (250,598,100 
 ) 
 
 (142,793,799 
 ) 
 
 (122,042,022 
 ) 

 Cash payments relating to other financing activities 

 &#151; 

 (87,504,313 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Sub-total of cash outflows 

 (1,769,605,624 
 ) 
 
 (2,257,151,981 
 ) 
 
 (1,733,857,811 
 ) 

 N et cash flows from financing activities 

 (1,693,750,560 
 ) 
 
 (1,857,151,981 
 ) 
 
 (1,257,564,472 
 ) 

 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Net increase in cash 
 
 7(34(b)) 

 742,575,521 

 236,301,655 

 349,722,554 

 Add: Cash at beginning of year 
 
 7(34(b)) 

 2,998,757,581 

 2,762,455,926 

 2,412,733,372 

 Cash at end of year 
 
 7(34(b)) 

 3,741,333,102 

 2,998,757,581 

 2,762,455,926 

 The
accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 

 Legal representative: 
 
 Principal in charge of accounting: 
 
 Head of accounting department: 

 Zhengang Ma 
 
 Haifeng Mao 
 
 Jianjun Chu 

 F-98 

 Table of Contents 

 SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN OWNERS' EQUITY 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 

 ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in Rmb Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

 Attributable to equity holders of the Company 

 Item

 Note 
 
 Paid-in 
capital 
 
 Capital 
surplus 
 
 Surplus 
reserves 
 
 Undistributed 
profits 
 
 Other 
comprehensive 
income 
 
 Minority 
interest 
 
 Total 
owners' 
equity 

 Balance at 1 January 2013 

 439,853,380 

 1,148,851 

 197,012,397 

 2,005,163,942 

 &#151; 

 565,376,934 

 3,208,555,504 

 Movements for the year ended 31 December 2013 

 Total Comprehensive income 

 Net profit 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,674,363,531 

 &#151; 

 73,040,425 

 1,747,403,956 

 Other comprehensive income 

 Foreign currency exchange differences 
 
 7(33) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (147,000 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (147,000 
 ) 

 Total Comprehensive income for the year 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,674,363,531 

 (147,000 
 ) 
 
 73,040,425 

 1,747,256,956 

 Capital contribution and withdrawal by owners 

 New subsidiaries 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 17,500,000 

 17,500,000 

 Profit distribution 

 Appropriation to surplus reserves 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 45,123,609 

 (45,123,609 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Profit distribution to equity owners 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (1,322,403,562 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (113,703,818 
 ) 
 
 (1,436,107,380 
 ) 

 Appropriation to staff welfare and incentive funds 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (45,224,448 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (204,732 
 ) 
 
 (45,429,180 
 ) 

 Balance at 31 December 2013 

 439,853,380 

 1,148,851 

 242,136,006 

 2,266,775,854 

 (147,000 
 ) 
 
 542,008,809 

 3,491,775,900 

 Balance at 1 January 2014 

 439,853,380 

 1,148,851 

 242,136,006 

 2,266,775,854 

 (147,000 
 ) 
 
 542,008,809 

 3,491,775,900 

 Movements for the year ended 31 December 2014 

 Total Comprehensive income 

 Net profit 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,591,845,675 

 &#151; 

 187,580,051 

 1,779,425,726 

 Other comprehensive income 

 Foreign currency exchange differences 
 
 7(33) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 114,990 

 &#151; 

 114,990 

 Total Comprehensive income for the year 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,591,845,675 

 114,990 

 187,580,051 

 1,779,540,716 

 Capital contribution and withdrawal by owners 

 New subsidiaries 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (34,123,771 
 ) 
 
 (34,123,771 
 ) 

 Transaction with minority interest 

 &#151; 

 (1,148,851 
 ) 
 
 (2,189,800 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (80,951,299 
 ) 
 
 (84,289,950 
 ) 

 Profit distribution 

 Appropriation to surplus reserves 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 44,886,804 

 (44,886,804 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Profit distribution to equity owners 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (1,413,873,089 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (170,346,785 
 ) 
 
 (1,584,219,874 
 ) 

 Appropriation to staff welfare and incentive funds 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (45,048,060 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (327,400 
 ) 
 
 (45,375,460 
 ) 

 Balance at 31 December 2014 

 439,853,380 

 &#151; 

 284,833,010 

 2,354,813,576 

 (32,010 
 ) 
 
 443,839,605 

 3,523,307,561 

 Balance at 1 January 2015 

 439,853,380 

 &#151; 

 284,833,010 

 2,354,813,576 

 (32,010 
 ) 
 
 443,839,605 

 3,523,307,561 

 Movements for the year ended 31 December 2015 (Unaudited) 

 Total Comprehensive income 

 Net profit 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,775,435,020 

 &#151; 

 305,579,715 

 2,081,014,735 

 Other comprehensive income 

 Foreign currency exchange differences 
 
 7(33) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (275,031 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (275,031 
 ) 

 Total Comprehensive income for the year 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,775,435,020 

 (275,031 
 ) 
 
 305,579,715 

 2,080,739,704 

 New subsidiaries 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (13,601,251 
 ) 
 
 (13,601,251 
 ) 

 Profit distribution 

 Appropriation to surplus reserves 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 44,230,042 

 (44,230,042 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Profit distribution to equity owners 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (1,406,453,166 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (214,045,114 
 ) 
 
 (1,620,498,280 
 ) 

 Appropriation to staff welfare and incentive funds 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (44,532,516 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (614,114 
 ) 
 
 (45,146,630 
 ) 

 Balance at 31 December 2015 (Unaudited) 

 439,853,380 

 &#151; 

 329,063,052 

 2,635,032,872 

 (307,041 
 ) 
 
 521,158,841 

 3,924,801,104 

 The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 Legal representative: 
 
 Principal in charge of accounting: 
 
 Head of accounting department: 

 Zhengang Ma 
 
 Haifeng Mao 
 
 Jianjun Chu 

 F-99 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

1 General information 

 Shanghai Yanfeng Johnson Controls Seating Co., Ltd. ("the Company") is a sino-foreign joint venture company set up by Yanfeng Automotive Trim
Systems Co., Ltd. ("Yanfeng Trim" and formerly known as "Yanfeng Visteon Automotive Trim Systems Co., Ltd.") and Johnson Controls International Inc. ("JCI
International") on 18 December 1997. The approved operating period is 25 years and the registered capital is USD 24,770,700. Yanfeng Trim and JCI International hold 50.01% and
49.99% equity interest of the Company, respectively. Yanfeng Trim is ultimately hold by Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (Group) ("SAIC"). 

 In
July 2007, according to equity transfer contract, JCI International transferred all the equity interest (49.99%) of the Company to Johnson Controls Asia
Holding Co., Ltd. ("JCI Asia"). JCI International and JCI Asia are ultimately held by Johnson Controls, Inc. ("JCI"). In accordance with the resolution of the Board of Directors'
meeting on 30 August 2011 and the revised joint venture contract and Articles of Association, the Company completed the transfer from surplus reserve to paid-in capital for
USD 12,000,000 (Yanfeng Trim: USD 6,001,200, JCI Asia: USD 5,998,800) and the transfer from undistributed profits to paid-in capital for USD 25,229,300 (Yanfeng Trim:
USD 12,617,190, JCI Asia: USD 12,612,110) on 8 November 2012, thus the registered capital was increased to USD 62,000,000. 

 The
approved scope of business operation of the Company and its subsidiaries (together "the Group") is to develop and manufacture automobile seats and their spare parts, provide
technical service for automobile seating, and sell its own products. 

 These
financial statements are authorised for issue by the Company's responsible person on 26 April 2016. 

2 Basis of preparation 

 The financial statements are prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standard for Business Enterprises&#151;Basic Standard, the specific accounting standards and other relevant
regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance on 15 February 2006 and in subsequent periods (hereafter collectively referred to as "the Accounting Standard for Business Enterprises" or "CAS").
In addition, information relating to the nature and effect of significant difference between CAS and accounting principles generally accepted in the United State of America is presented in
Note 14 to the consolidated financial statement of the Group. 

 The
financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis. 

3 Statement of compliance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises 

 The financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2015, 2014 and 2013 are in compliance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, and truly and
completely present
the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2015, 2014 and 2013 and of their financial performance, cash flows and other information for the years then ended. 

 F-100 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

4 Summary of significant accounting policies and accounting estimates 

 (1) Accounting
year 

 The
Company's accounting year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December. 

 (2) Functional
currency 

 The
functional currency is Renminbi (RMB). 

 (3) Foreign
currency translation
 (a) Foreign
currency transactions 

 Foreign
currency transactions are translated into RMB using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. 

 At
the balance sheet date, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated into RMB using the spot exchange rates on the balance sheet date. Exchange differences arising
from these translations are recognised in profit or loss for the current period, except for those attributable to foreign currency borrowings that have been taken out specifically for acquisition or
construction of qualifying assets, which are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at historical costs are translated
at the balance sheet date using the spot exchange rates at the date of the transactions. The effect of exchange rate changes on cash is presented separately in the cash flow statement. 

 (b) Translation
of foreign currency financial statements 

 The
asset and liability items in the balance sheets for overseas operations are translated at the spot exchange rates on the balance sheet date. Among the owners' equity items, the items
other than "undistributed profits" are translated at the spot exchange rates of the transaction dates. The income and expense items in the income statements of overseas operations are translated at
the spot exchange rates of the transaction dates. The differences arising from the above translation are presented in other comprehensive income. The cash flows of overseas operations are translated
at the spot exchange rates on the dates of the cash flows. The effect of exchange rate changes on cash is presented separately in the cash flow statement. 

 (4) Cash
and cash equivalents 

 Cash
and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, deposits that can be readily drawn on demand, and short-term and highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts
of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. 

 (5) Financial
assets 

 Financial
assets are classified into the following categories at initial recognition: financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, receivables, available-for-sale financial
assets and held-to-maturity investments. The classification of financial assets depends on the Group's intention and ability to hold the financial assets. The financial assets held by the Group are
mainly receivables. 

 F-101 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

4 Summary of significant accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued) 

 (a) Receivables

 Receivables,
including accounts receivable and other receivables, are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market
(Note 4(6)). 

 (b) Recognition
and measurement 

 Financial
assets are recognised at fair value on the balance sheet when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument. In the case of financial
assets at fair value through profit or loss, the related transaction costs incurred at the time of acquisition are recognised in profit or loss for the current period. For other financial assets,
transaction costs that are attributable to acquisition of the financial assets are included in their initially recognised amounts. A financial asset is derecognised when the contractual rights to
receive the cash flows from the financial asset have expired, or all the substantial risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset have been transferred. Receivables are subsequently measured
at amortised cost by using the effective interest method. 

 (c) Impairment
of financial assets 

 The
Group assesses the carrying amounts of financial assets other than those at fair value through profit or loss at each balance sheet date. If there is objective evidence that a
financial asset is impaired, an impairment loss is provided for. 

 When
an impairment loss on a financial asset carried at amortised cost has occurred, the amount of loss is provided for at the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the
present value of its estimated future cash flows (excluding future credit losses that have not been incurred). If there is objective evidence that the value of the financial asset recovered and the
recovery is related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was recognised, the previously recognised impairment loss is reversed and the amount of reversal is recognised in profit or
loss. 

 (6) Receivables 

 Receivables
comprise accounts receivable and other receivables. Accounts receivable arising from sale of goods or rendering of services are initially recognised at fair value of the
contractual payments from the buyers or service recipients. 

 Receivables
with amounts that are individually significant are subject to separate assessment for impairment. If there exists objective evidence that the Group will not be able to
collect the amount under the original terms, a provision for bad debts of that receivable is made at the difference between its carrying amount and the present value of its estimated future cash
flows. 

 Receivables
with amounts that are not individually significant and those receivables that have been individually assessed for impairment and have not been found impaired are classified
into certain groupings based on their credit risk characteristics. Provision for bad debts is determined based on the 

 F-102 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

4 Summary of significant accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued) 

 historical
loss experience for groupings of receivables with similar credit risk characteristics, taking into consideration of the current circumstances. 

 When
the Group transfers the accounts receivable to the financial institutions without recourse, the difference between the proceeds received from the transaction and their carrying
amounts and the related taxes is recognised in profit or loss for the current period. 

 (7) Inventories 

 Inventories
include raw materials, work in progress, and finished goods, and are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. 

 Cost
is determined using weighted average method base on standard cost. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour and an allocation of all
production overhead expenditures incurred based on normal operating capacity. 

 Provision
for decline in the value of inventories is determined at the excess amount of the carrying amounts of the inventories over their net realisable value. Net realisable value is
determined based on the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs to completion and estimated costs necessary to make the sale and related taxes 

 The
Group adopts the perpetual inventory system. 

 (8) Long-term
equity investments 

 Long-term
equity investments comprise the Company's long-term equity investments in its subsidiaries, and the Group's long-term equity investments in its joint ventures and associates. 

 (a) Subsidiaries

 Subsidiaries
are the investees over which the Company is able to exercise control. Investments in subsidiaries are presented in the Company's financial statements using the cost method,
and are adjusted to the equity method when preparing the consolidated financial statements. 

 Long-term
equity investments accounted for using the cost method are measured at the initial investment cost. Cash dividends or profit distribution declared by the investees are
recognized as investment income in profit or loss. 

 (b) Joint
ventures and associates 

 A
joint venture is a joint arrangement which is structured through a separate vehicle over which the Group has joint control together with other parties and only has rights to the net
assets of the arrangement based on legal forms, contractual terms and other facts and circumstances; An associate is the investee over which the Group has significant influence on its financial and
operating policy decisions. 

 F-103 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

4 Summary of significant accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued) 

 Investments
in joint ventures and associates are accounted for using the equity method. Where the initial investment cost exceeds the Group's share of the fair value of the investee's
identifiable net assets at the time of acquisition, the investment is initially measured at cost. Where the initial investment cost is less than the Group's share of the fair value of the investee's
identifiable net assets at the time of acquisition, the difference is included in profit or loss for the current period and the cost of the long-term equity investment is adjusted upwards accordingly. 

 Under
the equity method of accounting, the Group recognises the investment income according to its share of net profit or loss of the investee. The Group does not recognise further
losses when the carrying amounts of the long-term equity investment together with any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group's net investment in investees are reduced to zero.
However, if the Group has obligations for additional losses and the criteria with respect to recognition of provisions under the accounting standards on contingencies are satisfied, the Group
continues recognising the investment losses and the provisions. The Group's share of the changes in investee's owner's equity other than those arising from the net profit or loss, other comprehensive
income and profit distribution is recognised in capital surplus with a corresponding adjustment to the carrying amounts of the long-term equity investment. The carrying amount of the investment is
reduced by the Group's share of the profit distribution or cash dividends declared by the investees. Unrealised gains or losses on
transactions between the Group and its investees are eliminated to the extent of the Group's equity interest in the investees, based on which the investment income or losses are recognised. Any losses
resulting from transactions between the Group and its investees, which are attributable to asset impairment losses are not eliminated. 

 (9) Fixed
assets 

 Fixed
assets comprise buildings, machinery and equipment, motor vehicles, computer and electronic equipment, tooling and office equipment. Fixed assets purchased or constructed by the
Group are initially measured at cost at the time of acquisition. Fixed assets contributed by the Chinese investors are initially measured at the value as stipulated in the investment contract or
agreement. 

 Subsequent
expenditures incurred for a fixed asset are included in the cost of the fixed asset when it is probable that the associated economic benefits will flow to the Group and the
related cost can be reliably measured. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All the other subsequent expenditures are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are
incurred. 

 Fixed
assets are depreciated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of the assets to their estimated residual values over their estimated useful lives. For the fixed assets
that have been provided for impairment loss, the related depreciation charge is prospectively determined based upon the adjusted carrying amounts over their remaining useful lives. 

 F-104 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

4 Summary of significant accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued) 

 The
estimated useful lives, the estimated residual values expressed as a percentage of cost and the annual depreciation rates are as follows: 

 Estimated 
useful lives 
 
 Estimated 
residual values 
 
 Annual 
depreciation rates 

 Buildings 
 
 20 years 

 10% 

 4.5 
 % 

 Machinery and equipment 
 
 3 - 15 years 

 0% - 5% 

 6.33 - 33.3 
 % 

 Motor vehicles 
 
 3 - 6 years 

 0% - 5% 

 15.83 - 33.3 
 % 

 Computer and electronic equipment 
 
 3 - 5 years 

 0% - 5% 

 19 - 33.3 
 % 

 Tooling 
 
 3 - 5 years 

 0% - 5% 

 19 - 33.3 
 % 

 Office equipment 
 
 3 - 7 years 

 0% - 5% 

 13.57 - 33.3 
 % 

 The
estimated useful life and the estimated residual value of a fixed asset and the depreciation method applied to the asset are reviewed, and adjusted as appropriate at each year-end. 

 A
fixed asset is derecognised on disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. The amount of proceeds from disposals on sale, transfer, retirement
or damage of a fixed asset net of its carrying amount and related taxes and expenses is recognised in profit or loss for the current period. 

 (10) Construction
in progress 

 Construction
in progress is measured at actual cost. Actual cost comprises construction costs, installation cost, borrowing costs that are eligible for capitalisation and other costs
necessary to bring the fixed assets ready for their intended use. Construction in progress is transferred to fixed assets when the assets are ready for their intended use, and depreciation is charged
starting from the following month. 

 (11) Intangible
assets 

 Intangible
assets, including land use rights patent rights and non-patented technology and software are measured at cost. Intangible assets also include identifiable assets acquired from
business combinations involving enterprises not under common control, such as customer relationship, and are measured at fair value at the time of acquisition. 

 (a) Land
use rights 

 Land
use rights are amortised on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. If the acquisition costs of the land use rights and the buildings located thereon cannot be
reasonably allocated between the land use rights and the buildings, all of the acquisition costs are recognised as fixed assets. 

 (b) Patent
rights and non-patented technology 

 Patent
rights and non-patented technology are amortised on a straight-line basis over the patent protection period as stipulated by the laws. 

 F-105 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

4 Summary of significant accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued) 

 (c) Software

 Software
is amortised on a straight-line basis over the patent protection period. 

 (d) Customer
relationship 

 Customer
relationship acquired from business combination involving enterprises not under common control are amortised over their beneficial periods. 

 (e) Periodical
review of useful life and amortisation method 

 For
an intangible asset with a finite useful life, review and adjustment on useful life and amortisation method are performed at each year-end, with adjustment made as appropriate. 

 (12) Research
and development 

 The
expenditure on an internal research and development project is classified into expenditure on the research phase and expenditure on the development phase based on its nature and
whether there is material uncertainty that the research and development activities can form an intangible asset at the end of the project. 

 Expenditure
on the research phase is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred; expenditure on the development phase is capitalised only if all of the following
conditions are satisfied: 

 &#149; it is technically feasible to complete the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale; 
 &#149; management intends to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it; 
 &#149; it can be demonstrated how the intangible asset will generate economic benefits; 
 &#149; there are adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and the ability to use or sell the intangible
asset; and 
 &#149; the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development phase can be reliably measured. 

 Other
development expenditures that do not meet the conditions above are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred. Development costs previously recognised as
expenses are not recognised as an asset in a subsequent period. Capitalised expenditure on the development phase is presented as development costs in the balance sheet and transferred to intangible
assets at the date that the asset is ready for its intended use. 

 (13) Goodwill

 Goodwill
is recognised at the excess of the cost of a business combination involving enterprises not under common control over the interest in the fair value of the acquirees'
identifiable net assets acquired in the business combination as at the acquisition date. 

 F-106 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

4 Summary of significant accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued) 

 (14) Long-term
prepaid expenses 

 Long-term
prepaid expenses include the expenditure for improvements to fixed assets held under operating leases, and other expenditures that have been incurred but should be recognised
as expenses over more than one year in the current and subsequent periods. Long-term prepaid expenses are amortised on the straight-line basis over the expected beneficial period and are presented at
actual expenditure net of accumulated amortisation. 

 (15) Impairment
of long-term assets 

 Fixed
assets, construction in progress, intangible assets with finite useful lives and long-term equity investments in joint ventures and associates are tested for impairment if there is
any indication that the assets may be impaired at the balance sheet date; intangible assets that are not yet available for their intended use are tested for impairment at least annually, irrespective
of whether there is any indication of impairment. If the result of the impairment test indicates that the recoverable amount of an asset is less than its carrying amount, a provision for impairment
and an impairment loss are recognised for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to
sell and the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from the asset. Provision for asset impairment is determined and recognised on the individual asset basis. If it is not
possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the recoverable amount of a group of assets to which the asset belongs is determined. A group of assets is the smallest group of
assets that is able to generate independent cash inflows. 

 Goodwill
that is separately presented in the financial statements is tested at least annually for impairment, irrespective of whether there is any indication that it may be impaired. In
conducting the test, the carrying value of goodwill is allocated to the related asset group or groups of asset groups which are expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination. If
the result of the test indicates that the recoverable amount of an asset group or a group of asset groups, including the allocated goodwill, is lower than its carrying amount, the corresponding
impairment loss is recognised. The impairment loss is first deducted from the carrying amount of goodwill that is allocated to the asset group or group of asset groups, and then deducted from the
carrying amounts of other assets within the asset group or group of asset groups in proportion to the carrying amounts of assets other than goodwill. 

 Once
the above asset impairment loss is recognised, it will not be reversed for the value recovered in the subsequent periods. 

 (16) Borrowing
costs 

 The
borrowing costs that are directly attributable to acquisition and construction of an asset that needs a substantially long period of time for its intended use commence to be
capitalised and recorded as part of the cost of the asset when expenditures for the asset and borrowing costs have been incurred, and the activities relating to the acquisition and construction that
are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use have commenced. The capitalisation of borrowing costs ceases when the asset under 

 F-107 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

4 Summary of significant accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued) 

 acquisition
or construction becomes ready for its intended use and the borrowing costs incurred thereafter are recognised in profit or loss for the current period. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is
suspended during periods in which the acquisition or construction of an asset is interrupted abnormally and the interruption lasts for more than 3 months, until the acquisition or construction
is resumed. 

 (17) Borrowings

 Borrowings
are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred, and subsequently stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Borrowings of which
the period is within one year (inclusive) are classified as short-term borrowings, and the others are classified as long-term borrowings. 

 (18) Employee
benefits 

 Employee
benefits refer to all forms of consideration or compensation given by the Group in exchange for service rendered by employees or for termination of employment relationship,
which include short-term employee benefits and post-employment benefits. 

 (a) Short-term
employee benefits 

 Short-term
employee benefits include wages or salaries, bonus, allowances and subsidies, staff welfare, premiums or contributions on medical insurance, work injury insurance and
maternity insurance, housing funds, union running costs and employee education costs, short-term paid absences and etc. The short-term employee benefits actually occurred are recognised as a liability
in the accounting period in which the service is rendered by the employees, with a corresponding charge to the profit or loss for the current period or the cost of relevant assets. Non-monetary
benefits are measured at fair value. 

 (b) Post-employment
benefits 

 The
Group classifies post-employment benefit plans as defined contribution plans. Defined contribution plans are post-employment benefit plans under which the Group pays fixed
contributions into a separate fund and will have no obligation to pay further contributions. During the reporting period, the Group's post-employment benefits mainly include the premiums or
contributions on basic pensions and unemployment insurance, both of which belong to defined contribution plans. 

 Basic
pensions 

 The
Group's employees participate in the basic pension plan set up and administered by local authorities of Ministry of Human Resource and Social Security. Monthly payments of premiums
on the basic pensions are calculated according to the bases and percentage prescribed by the relevant local authorities. When employees retire, the relevant local authorities are obliged to pay the
basic pensions to them. The amounts based on the above calculations are recognised as liabilities in the accounting period in which the service has been rendered by the employees, with a corresponding
charge to the profit or loss for the current period or the cost of relevant assets. 

 F-108 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

4 Summary of significant accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued) 

 (19) Provisions

 Provisions
for product warranties, onerous contracts and etc. are recognised when the Group has a present obligation, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required
to settle the obligation, and the amount of the obligation can be measured reliably. 

 A
provision is initially measured at the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the related present obligation. Factors surrounding a contingency, such as the risks,
uncertainties and the time value of money, are taken into account as a whole in reaching the best estimate of a provision. Where the effect of the time value of money is material, the best estimate is
determined by discounting the related future cash outflows. The increase in the discounted amount of the provision arising from passage of time is recognised as interest expense. 

 The
carrying amount of provisions is reviewed at each balance sheet date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimate. 

 (20) Deferred
tax assets and deferred tax liabilities 

 Deferred
tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are calculated and recognised based on the differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts
(temporary
differences). Deferred tax asset is recognised for the deductible losses that can be carried forward to subsequent years for deduction of the taxable profit in accordance with the tax laws. No
deferred tax liability is recognised for a temporary difference arising from the initial recognition of goodwill. No deferred tax asset or deferred tax liability is recognised for the temporary
differences resulting from the initial recognition of assets or liabilities due to a transaction other than a business combination, which affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit (or
deductible loss). At the balance sheet date, deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the
liability is settled. 

 Deferred
tax assets are only recognised for deductible temporary differences, deductible losses and tax credits to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available in
the future against which the deductible temporary differences, deductible losses and tax credits can be utilised. 

 Deferred
tax liabilities are recognised for temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control the
timing of reversal of the temporary difference, and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. When it is probable that the temporary differences arising
from investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures will be reversed in the foreseeable future and that the taxable profit will be available in the future against which the temporary
differences can be utilised, the corresponding deferred tax assets are recognised. 

 Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are offset when: 

 &#149; the deferred taxes are relate to the same tax payer within the Group and same taxation authority, and; 
 
 F-109 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

4 Summary of significant accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued) 

 &#149; that tax payer within the Group has a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities.

 (21) Revenue
recognition 

 The
amount of revenue is determined in accordance with the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods and services in the ordinary course of the Group's
activities. Revenue is stated net of rebates, discounts and returns. 

 Revenue
is recognised when the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the Group, the related revenue can be reliably measured, and the specific criteria of
revenue recognition have been met for each type of the Group's activities as described below: 

 (a) Sale
of products 

 Revenue
is recognised when all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of goods have been substantially transferred to the buyers with no more continuous management or control over
the goods, the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the Group, and the relevant revenue and cost can be reliably measured. 

 (b) Rendering
of services 

 Revenue
is recognised when service is completed and it is probable that the associated economic benefits will flow to the Group and its total revenue and cost can be reliably measured. 

 (22) Government
Grants 

 Government
grants refer to the monetary or non-monetary assets obtained by the Group from the government, including tax return, financial subsidy and etc. 

 Government
grants are recognised when the grants can be received and the Group can comply with all attached conditions. If a government grant is a monetary asset, it will be measured at
the amount received or receivable. If a government grant is a non-monetary asset, it will be measured at its fair value. If it is unable to obtain its fair value reliably, it will be measured at its
nominal amount. 

 Government
grants related to assets refer to government grants which are obtained by the Group for the purposes of purchase, construction or acquisition of the long-term assets.
Government grants related to income refer to the government grants other than those related to assets. 

 Government
grants related to assets will be recorded as deferred income and recognised evenly in profit or loss over the useful lives of the related assets. However, the government
grants measured at their nominal amounts will be directly recorded in profit and loss for the current period. 

 Government
grants related to income will be recorded as deferred income and recognised in profit or loss in the period in which the related expenses are recognised if the grants are
intended to compensate for future expenses or losses, and otherwise recognised in profit or loss for the current period if the grants are used to compensate for expenses or losses that have been
incurred. 

 F-110 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

4 Summary of significant accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued) 

 (23) Leases

 A
lease that transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset is a finance lease. An operating lease is a lease other than a finance lease. 

 Lease
payments under an operating lease are recognised on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease, and are either capitalised as part of the cost of related assets, or charged
as an expense for the current period. 

 (24) Profit
distribution 

 Proposed
profit distribution is recognised as a liability in the period in which it is approved by the Board of Directors' meeting. 

 (25) Business
combinations
 (a) Business
combinations involving enterprises not under common control. 

 The
cost of combination and identifiable net assets obtained by the acquirer in a business combination are measured at fair value at the acquisition date. Where the cost of the
combination exceeds the acquirer's interest in the fair value of the acquiree's identifiable net assets, the difference is recognised as goodwill; where the cost of combination is lower than the
acquirer's interest in the fair value of the acquiree's identifiable net assets, the difference is recognised in profit or loss for the current period. Costs directly attributable to the combination
are included in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred. Transaction costs associated with the issue of equity or debt securities for the business combination are included in the
initially recognised amounts of the equity or debt securities. 

 (26) Preparation
of consolidated financial statements 

 The
consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and all of its subsidiaries. 

 Subsidiaries
are consolidated from the date on which the Group obtains control and are deconsolidated from the date that such control ceases. For a subsidiary that is acquired in a
business combination involving enterprises under common control, it is included in the consolidated financial statements from the date when it, together with the Company, came under common control of
the ultimate controlling party. The portion of the net profits realised before the combination date is presented separately in the consolidated income statement. 

 In
preparing the consolidated financial statements, where the accounting policies and the accounting periods of the Company and subsidiaries are inconsistent, the financial statements of
the subsidiaries are adjusted in accordance with the accounting policies and the accounting period of the Company. For subsidiaries acquired from business combinations involving enterprises not under
common control, the
individual financial statements of the subsidiaries are adjusted based on the fair value of the identifiable net assets at the acquisition date. 

 F-111 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

4 Summary of significant accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued) 

 All
significant intra-group balances, transactions and unrealised profits are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements. The portion of subsidiaries' owners' equity and the
portion of subsidiaries' net profits and losses and comprehensive incomes for the period not attributable to the Company are recognised as minority interests, net profit attributed to minority
interests and total comprehensive incomes attributed to minority interests, and presented separately in the consolidated financial statements under owners' equity, net profits and total comprehensive
income respectively. Unrealised profits and losses resulting from the sale of assets by the Company to its subsidiaries are fully eliminated against net profit attributable to owners of the parent.
Unrealised profits and losses resulting from the sale of assets by a subsidiary to the Company are eliminated and allocated between net profit attributable to owners of the parent and net profit
attributed to minority interests in accordance with the allocation proportion of the parent in the subsidiary. Unrealised profits and losses resulting from the sale of assets by one subsidiary to
another are eliminated and allocated between net profit attributable to owners of the parent and net profit attributed to minority interests in accordance with the allocation proportion of the parent
in the subsidiary. 

 If
the accounting treatment of a transaction is inconsistent in the financial statements at the Group level and at the Company or its subsidiary level, adjustment will be made from the
perspective of the Group. 

 (27) Critical
accounting estimates and judgments 

 The
Group continually evaluates the critical accounting estimates and key judgments applied based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that
are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. 

 The
critical accounting estimates and key assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
financial year are outlined below: 

 (i) Income
taxes 

 The
Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. There are some transactions and events for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of
business. Significant judgment is required from the Group in determining the provision for income taxes in each of these jurisdictions. The Group recognises income taxes in each jurisdiction based on
estimates. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax provisions in the
period in which such determination is made. 

 (ii) Accounting
estimates on impairment of goodwill 

 The
Group tests annually whether goodwill has suffered any impairment. The recoverable amount of asset groups and groups of asset groups is the present value of the future cash flows
expected to be derived from them. These calculations require use of estimates (Note 7(12)). 

 F-112 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

4 Summary of significant accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued) 

 If
management revises the gross margin that is used in the calculation of the future cash flows of asset groups and groups of asset groups, and the revised gross margin is lower than the
one currently used, the Group would need to recognise further impairment against goodwill. 

 If
management revises the pre-tax discount rate applied to the discounted cash flows, and the revised pre-tax discount rate is higher than the one currently applied, the Group would need
to recognise further impairment against goodwill. 

 If
the actual gross margin/pre-tax discount rate is higher/lower than management's estimates, the impairment loss of goodwill previously provided for is not allowed to be reversed by the
Group. 

5 Taxation 

 The main categories and rates of taxes applicable to the Group during the current year are set out below: 

 Type

 Tax rate 
 
 Taxable base 

 Enterprise income tax(a) 
 
 25% and 20% 
 
 Taxable income 

 Value added tax ("VAT")(b) 
 
 6% and 17% 
 
 Taxable value added amount (Tax payable is calculated using the taxable sales amount multiplied by the effective tax rate less deductible VAT input of current period) 

 Business tax 
 
 5% 
 
 Taxable turnover amount 

 (a) In
2015, 2014 and 2013, the enterprise income tax rates applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries with high technology certificates are as
follows:

 (1) The
Company is a foreign-invested production enterprise set up in Pudong new district, Shanghai. It was certificated as the advanced and high technology
enterprise by Shanghai Science and Technology Committee in 2011 (valid for 3 years) and 2014 (valid for 3 years), respectively. According to the Fiscal and Taxation (2009), No.203 "The
notice on implementing preferential corporate income tax rate of advanced and high technology enterprises", the applicable income tax rate is 15% in year 2015, 2014 and 2013.
 (2) Shanghai
Jixiang Automobile Roof Trimming Co., Ltd. ("Shanghai Jixiang Automobile") is a domestic enterprise set up in Shanghai. It was
certificated as the advanced and high technology enterprise by Shanghai Science and Technology Committee in 2012 (valid for 3 years) and 2015 (valid for 3 years), respectively. According
to the Fiscal and Taxation (2009), No.203 "The notice on implementing preferential corporate income tax rate of advanced and high technology enterprises", the applicable income tax rate is 15% in year
2015, 2014 and 2013. 

 F-113 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

5 Taxation (Continued) 

 (3) Guangzhou
Dongfeng Johnson Controls Automotive Seating Co., Ltd. ("Guangzhou Dongfeng Johnson Seating") is a foreign-invested production
enterprise set up in coastal economic open zone. It was certificated as the advanced and high technology enterprise by Guangzhou Province Science and Technology Agency in 2014 (valid for
3 years). According to the Fiscal and Taxation (2009), No.203 "The notice on implementing preferential corporate income tax rate of advanced and high technology enterprises", the applicable
income tax rate is 15% in year 2015 and 25% in 2014 and 2013.
 (4) Hefei
Johnson Controls Yunhe Automotive Seating Co., Ltd. ("Hefei Yunhe Johnson") is a foreign-invested manufacturing enterprise set up in
Hefei Economic and Technological Development Zone. The company was certificated as the advanced and high technology enterprise by Hefei Science and Technology Committee in 2012 (valid for
3 years) and 2015 (valid for 3 years), respectively. According to the Fiscal and Taxation (2009) No.203 "The notice on implementing preferential corporate income tax rate of advanced and
high technology enterprises", the applicable income tax rate of Hefei Yunhe Johnson is 15% in 2015, 2014 and 2013.
 (5) Shenyang
Yanfeng Johnson Controls Seating Co., Ltd. ("Shenyang Yanfeng Johnson Seating") is a domestic enterprise newly set up in Shenyang.
The company was certificated as the advanced and high technology enterprise by Liaoning Office of Science and Technology in 2013. According to Guoshuihan (2009) No.203 "Notification of implementing
preferential corporate income tax rate of advanced and high technology enterprises", the applicable income tax rate of Shenyang Yanfeng Johnson Seating is 15% in 2015, 2014 and 2013.
 (6) Chongqing
Yanfeng Johnson Automotive Parts Systems Co., Ltd. ("Chongqing Yanfeng Johnson") is a foreign-invested manufacturing enterprise set
up in Chongqing. It was certificated as the advanced and high technology enterprise for the first time in July 2010, then it was certificated as the advanced and high technology enterprise again
through the review in October 2013 (valid until December 2015). According to the Fiscal and Taxation (2009), No.203 "The notice on implementing preferential corporate income tax rate of advanced and
high technology enterprises", the applicable income tax rate is 15% in year 2015, 2014 and 2013.

 (b) Pursuant
to the Circular on the Pilot Plan for Levying VAT in Place of Business Tax (Cai Shui No.110, 2011) and the Circular on the Pilot Practice of
Levying VAT in Place of Business Tax for the Transportation Industry and Some Modern Service Industries in Shanghai (Cai Shui [2013] No.106) and the Circular on the Pilot
Practice of Levying VAT in Place of Business Tax for the Transportation Industry and Some Modern Service Industries across the nation (Cai Shui No.37, 2013) jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance
and the State Administration of Taxation, revenue from technical consulting business of part of the Company and the subsidiaries registered in Shanghai and other cities is subject to VAT at the rate
of 6% from 1 January 2012, the applicable tax rate is 6%. 
 
 F-114 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

6 Subsidiaries 

 (1) Significant
subsidiaries included in the consolidation scope as at 31 December 2015 are as follows: 

 % interest held by 
the Company 
 
 % voting right 
held by 
the Company 

 Place of 
registration 
 
 Registered 
capital 
 
 Nature of business and 
principal activities 

 Directly 
 
 Indirectly 
 
 Directly 
 
 Indirectly 

 Shenyang Yanfeng Johnson Seating 
 
 Shenyang 

RMB 30,000,000 
 
 Develop, produce and sell automotive interior, overhead systems and parts production. Self-management or agency of import and export of goods
and technologies 

100 
 % 

100 
 % 

 Yantai Yanfeng Johnson Controls Seating Co., Ltd. 
 
 Yantai 

RMB 35,000,000 
 
 Produce and sell auto seating and parts, automotive functional polymer materials; import and export goods and technology 

100 
 % 

100 
 % 

 Nanjing Yanfeng Johnson Controls 
Seating Co., Ltd. 
 
 Nanjing 

RMB 45,000,000 
 
 Produce and sell auto seating and provide after-sale service; import and export goods and service 

60 
 % 

60 
 % 

 Shanghai Yanfeng Johnson Controls Anting Seating Co., Ltd. 
 
 Shanghai 

RMB 15,000,000 
 
 Design, develop, produce and sell auto seats and provide after-sale service; import and export goods 

100 
 % 

100 
 % 

 Yizheng Yanfeng Johnson Controls Seating Co., Ltd. 
 
 Yangzhou 

RMB 60,000,000 
 
 Design, develop, produce and sell auto seats, automotive ceiling and sun visor 

100 
 % 

100 
 % 

 Chongqing Yanfeng Johnson 
 
 Chongqing 

USD 7,500,000 
 
 Produce and sell automotive seatings and spare parts and sun visor 

50 
 % 

62.50 
 % 

 (a) The
newly established subsidiaries of the Group in 2013 included Ningbo Yanfeng Johnson Controls Seating Co., Ltd., Wuhan Yanfeng Johnson
Controls Seating Co., Ltd., Daqing Yanfeng Johnson Automotive Parts Systems Co., Ltd. and Yanfeng Johnson Controls (Thailand) Co., Ltd. The newly established
subsidiaries of the Group in 2014 included Nantong Yanfeng Johnson Controls Seating Parts Co., Ltd, Langfang Yanfeng Johnson Controls Automotive Components Co., Ltd,
Nanchang Yanfeng Johnson Controls Automotive Components Systems Co., Ltd. and Hangzhou Yanfeng Johnson Controls Automotive Components Systems Co., Ltd. The newly
established subsidiaries of the Group in 2015 included Yanfeng Johnson Controls America Seating, Inc., Chongqing Yanfeng Johnson Fengao Automotive Components Co., Ltd.. 
 
 F-115 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

6 Subsidiaries (Continued) 

 (b) In
2015, the company disposed 50% equity interest of its subsidiary Baoding Yanfeng Johnson Seating Parts Co., Ltd. to Great Wall Automobile
Holding Co., Ltd..
 (c) On
26 September 2014, the Company purchased 45% equity interest of its subsidiary Shanghai Johnson Controls Automotive Metal
Components Co., Ltd. from JCI. After the acquisition, Shanghai Johnson Controls Automotive Metal Components Co., Ltd. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
(Note 8(b)).
 (d) On
21 February 2014, the Company's former subsidiary Wuhan Johnson Controls Yunhe Automotive Seating Co., Ltd. dissolved and
liquidated.
 (e) On
2 July 2013, the Company acquired 100% equity interest of Johnson Controls Automotive Systems (Kunshan) Co., Ltd. ("Johnson Controls
Kunshan") from CRH Automotive GmbH (Note 8(a)). 

 (2) Information
of non-wholly-owned subsidiaries 

 Total profit attributable 
to minority shareholders for the 
year ended 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited)

 Dividends paid to minority 
interests for the year ended 
31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 Accumulated minority interests 
as at 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 

 305,579,715 
 
 214,045,114 
 
 521,158,841 

 Total profit attributable 
to minority shareholders for the 
year ended 31 December 2014

 Dividends paid to minority 
interests for the year ended 
31 December 2014 
 
 Accumulated minority interests 
as at 31 December 2014 

 187,580,051 
 
 170,346,785 
 
 444,472,126 

 Total profit attributable 
to minority shareholders for the 
year ended 31 December 2013

 Dividends paid to minority 
interests for the year ended 
31 December 2013 
 
 Accumulated minority interests 
as at 31 December 2013 

 73,040,425 
 
 113,703,818 
 
 542,008,809 

 There
is no individually subsidiary with significant non-wholly-owned interest within the group. Considering all the subsidiaries are automobile industry related companies, their
principal activities are production and sale of automotive parts as well as components and they all operate their business in China mainland, the summarised aggregated financial information for all
the subsidiaries that has non-wholly-owned interests are set out below: 

 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 

 Current assets

 Non-current 
assets 
 
 Total assets 
 
 Current 
liabilities 
 
 Non-current 
liabilities 
 
 Total 
liabilities 

 4,885,026,193 

 885,503,988 

 5,770,530,181 

 4,563,721,745 

 24,041,900 

 4,587,763,645 

 31 December 2014 

 Current assets

 Non-current 
assets 
 
 Total assets 
 
 Current 
liabilities 
 
 Non-current 
liabilities 
 
 Total 
liabilities 

 4,424,732,193 

 835,075,697 

 5,259,807,890 

 4,196,754,935 

 33,892,988 

 4,230,647,923 

 F-116 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

6 Subsidiaries (Continued) 

 31 December 2013 

 Current assets

 Non-current 
assets 
 
 Total assets 
 
 Current 
liabilities 
 
 Non-current 
liabilities 
 
 Total 
liabilities 

 4,510,159,993 

 862,820,758 

 5,372,980,751 

 4,069,901,871 

 50,163,457 

 4,120,065,328 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 

 Revenue 
 
 Net profit 
 
 Total comprehensive 
income 
 
 Cash flows from 
operating activities 

 10,509,628,494 
 
 647,904,303 
 
 647,904,303 
 
 224,033,364 

 2014 

 Revenue 
 
 Net profit 
 
 Total comprehensive 
income 
 
 Cash flows from 
operating activities 

 9,535,246,058 
 
 415,106,959 
 
 415,106,959 
 
 781,707,192 

 2013 

 Revenue 
 
 Net profit 
 
 Total comprehensive 
income 
 
 Cash flows from 
operating activities 

 9,187,962,646 
 
 184,792,650 
 
 184,792,650 
 
 819,507,820 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements 

 (1) Cash
at bank and on hand 

 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 2014 
 
 31 December 2013 

 Cash on hand 

 26,270 

 43,942 

 58,605 

 Current deposits 

 3,741,306,832 

 2,998,713,639 

 2,762,397,321 

 Other cash balances(a) 

 198,561,011 

 166,870,320 

 246,885,299 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 3,939,894,113 

 3,165,627,901 

 3,009,341,225 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (a) As
at 31 December 2015, 2014 and 2013, RMB 198,561,011, RMB 166,719,551 and RMB 246,885,299 were pledged to banks as collateral
for the Group to issue notes payable of RMB 228,819,635, RMB 235,486,021 and RMB 291,334,997, respectively. (Note 7(14)). 
 
 As
at 31 December 2015 and 2013, no other cash balances were the margin deposits paid by the Group for applying for unconditional, irrevocable letter of credit from the bank. As
at 31 December 2014, RMB 150,769 were the margin deposits paid by the Group for applying for unconditional, irrevocable letter of credit from the bank. 

 F-117 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 (2) Notes
receivable 

 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 2014 
 
 31 December 2013 

 Trade acceptance notes 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 17,980,000 

 Bank acceptance notes 

 1,198,378,148 

 1,030,656,745 

 828,442,674 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 1,198,378,148 

 1,030,656,745 

 846,422,674 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 As
at 31 December 2015, 2014 and 2013, notes receivable with amount of RMB 222,124,500, RMB 204,357,084 and RMB 168,661,383 was pledged to banks as collateral
for the Group to issue notes payable of RMB 221,724,500, RMB 206,071,468 and RMB 168,661,383, respectively. (Note 7(14)). 

 As
at 31 December 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Group has no trade acceptance notes with recourse that is not mature but has been discounted. 

 (3) Accounts
receivable and other receivables
 (a) Accounts
receivable 

 31 December 2014 

 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 

 Accounts receivable 

 4,698,378,707 

 5,713,997,765 

 Increase in 
the current year 

 Writes off in 
the current year 

 Less: provision for bad debts 

(9,928,095 
 ) 

(7,056,982 
 ) 

16,652 

(16,968,425 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 4,688,450,612 

 5,697,029,340 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2013 

 31 December 2014 

 Accounts receivable 

 4,508,391,003 

 4,698,378,707 

 Increase in 
the current year 

 Writes off in 
the current year 

 Less: provision for bad debts 

(9,732,869 
 ) 

(713,560 
 ) 

518,334 

(9,928,095 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 4,498,658,134 

 4,688,450,612 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2012 

 31 December 2013 

 Accounts receivable 

 3,570,698,575 

 4,508,391,003 

 Increase in 
the current year 

 Writes off in 
the current year 

 Less: provision for bad debts 

(7,090,955 
 ) 

(2,902,735 
 ) 

260,821 

(9,732,869 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 3,563,607,620 

 4,498,658,134 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-118 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 As
at 31 December 2015 and 2014, no accounts receivable was pledged to bank as collateral of short term borrowings. As at 31 December 2013, accounts receivable of
RMB 5,500,000 was pledged to bank as collateral of short term borrowings of RMB 4,400,000 .(Note 7(13)). 

 The
aging of accounts receivable and related provisions for bad debts are analysed below: 

 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 2014 
 
 31 December 2013 

 Amount 
 
 % of total 
balance 
 
 Provision 
for bad 
debts 
 
 Amount 
 
 % of total 
balance 
 
 Provision 
for bad 
debts 
 
 Amount 
 
 % of total 
balance 
 
 Provision 
for bad 
debts 

 Within 1 year 

 5,442,373,758 

 95.25 
 % 
 
 (2,415,833 
 ) 
 
 4,658,158,997 

 99.14 
 % 
 
 (806,662 
 ) 
 
 4,489,174,943 

 99.57 
 % 
 
 (112,824 
 ) 

 1 to 2 years 

 244,636,126 

 4.28 
 % 
 
 (3,379,236 
 ) 
 
 32,565,341 

 0.69 
 % 
 
 (3,305,603 
 ) 
 
 4,575,902 

 0.10 
 % 
 
 (1,526,427 
 ) 

 2 to 3 years 

 19,388,759 

 0.34 
 % 
 
 (3,784,961 
 ) 
 
 2,220,905 

 0.05 
 % 
 
 (463,760 
 ) 
 
 8,929,210 

 0.20 
 % 
 
 (2,382,670 
 ) 

 Over 3 years 

 7,599,122 

 0.13 
 % 
 
 (7,388,395 
 ) 
 
 5,433,464 

 0.12 
 % 
 
 (5,352,070 
 ) 
 
 5,710,948 

 0.13 
 % 
 
 (5,710,948 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 5,713,997,765 

 100.00 
 % 
 
 (16,968,425 
 ) 
 
 4,698,378,707 

 100.00 
 % 
 
 (9,928,095 
 ) 
 
 4,508,391,003 

 100.00 
 % 
 
 (9,732,869 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 As
at 31 December 2015, 2014 and 2013, no material accounts receivable was past due but not impaired. 

 (b) Other
receivables 

 31 December 2014 

 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 

 Receivables from equity transfer 

 &#151; 

 21,500,000 

 Receivables from disposal of fixed assets 

 160,032,610 

 4,226 

 Receivables for modules 

 200,755,931 

 147,645,565 

 Cash pooling funds 

 50,646,471 

 &#151; 

 Deposits 

 32,193,079 

 50,064,467 

 Others 

 21,779,364 

 10,305,418 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 465,407,455 

 229,519,676 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Increase 
in the 
current year 

 Written-off 
in the 
current year 

 Less: provision for bad debts 

(946,189 
 ) 

&#151; 

440 

(945,749 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 464,461,266 

 228,573,927 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-119 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 31 December 2013 

 31 December 2014 

 Receivables from equity transfer 

 30,909,408 

 &#151; 

 Receivables from disposal of fixed assets 

 160,193,792 

 160,032,610 

 Receivables for modules 

 81,666,069 

 200,755,931 

 Cash pooling funds 

 &#151; 

 50,646,471 

 Deposits 

 50,363,255 

 32,193,079 

 Others 

 45,402,205 

 21,779,364 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 368,534,729 

 465,407,455 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Increase 
in the 
current year 

 Written-off 
in the 
current year 

 Less: provision for bad debts 

(934,051 
 ) 

(12,138 
 ) 

&#151; 

(946,189 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 367,600,678 

 464,461,266 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2012 

 31 December 2013 

 Receivables from equity transfer 

 30,909,408 

 30,909,408 

 Receivables from disposal of fixed assets 

 &#151; 

 160,193,792 

 Receivables for modules 

 47,219,132 

 81,666,069 

 Deposits 

 20,910,957 

 50,363,255 

 Others 

 85,172,356 

 45,402,205 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 184,211,853 

 368,534,729 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Increase 
in the 
current year 

 Written-off 
in the 
current year 

 Less: provision for bad debts 

(933,611 
 ) 

(337,400 
 ) 

336,960 

(934,051 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 183,278,242 

 367,600,678 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-120 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 Other
receivables and related provisions for bad debts are analysed below: 

 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 2014 
 
 31 December 2013 

 Amount 
 
 % of total 
balance 
 
 Provision 
for bad 
debts 
 
 Amount 
 
 % of total 
balance 
 
 Provision 
for bad 
debts 
 
 Amount 
 
 % of total 
balance 
 
 Provision 
for bad 
debts 

 Within 1 year 

 196,262,868 

 85.51 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 288,793,103 

 62.05 
 % 
 
 (12,138 
 ) 
 
 326,109,876 

 88.49 
 % 
 
 (440 
 ) 

 1 to 2 years 

 24,176,246 

 10.53 
 % 
 
 (12,138 
 ) 
 
 171,149,988 

 36.77 
 % 
 
 (440 
 ) 
 
 39,378,086 

 10.69 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 2 to 3 years 

 4,745,088 

 2.07 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 3,385,685 

 0.73 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 1,129,886 

 0.31 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 Over 3 years 

 4,335,474 

 1.89 
 % 
 
 (933,611 
 ) 
 
 2,078,679 

 0.45 
 % 
 
 (933,611 
 ) 
 
 1,916,881 

 0.51 
 % 
 
 (933,611 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 229,519,676 

 100.00 
 % 
 
 (945,749 
 ) 
 
 465,407,455 

 100.00 
 % 
 
 (946,189 
 ) 
 
 368,534,729 

 100.00 
 % 
 
 (934,051 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 As
at 31 December 2015, 2014 and 2013, no material other receivables were past due but not impaired. 

 (4) Inventories 

 31 December 2014 

 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 

 Cost&#151; 

 Raw materials 

 495,782,759 

 422,758,307 

 Work in progress 

 32,424,927 

 21,343,381 

 Finished goods 

 147,067,879 

 290,728,598 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 675,275,565 

 734,830,286 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Less: Provision for declines in the value of inventories 

 Increase 
in the 
current year 

 Written-off 
in the 
current year 

 Raw materials 

(31,190,832 
 ) 

(1,708,382 
 ) 

4,444,581 

(28,454,633 
 ) 

 Work in progress 

 (805,118 
 ) 
 
 22,032 

 (90,673 
 ) 
 
 (873,759 
 ) 

 Finished goods 

 (5,164,390 
 ) 
 
 (637,187 
 ) 
 
 1,502,359 

 (4,299,218 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (37,160,340 
 ) 
 
 (2,323,537 
 ) 
 
 5,856,267 

 (33,627,610 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 638,115,225 

 701,202,676 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-121 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 31 December 2013 

 31 December 2014 

 Cost&#151; 

 Raw materials 

 504,552,628 

 495,782,759 

 Work in progress 

 21,841,835 

 32,424,927 

 Finished goods 

 131,202,783 

 147,067,879 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 657,597,246 

 675,275,565 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Less: Provision for declines in the value of inventories 

 Increase 
in the 
current year 

 Written-off 
in the 
current year 

 Raw materials 

(31,728,613 
 ) 

(1,724,450 
 ) 

2,262,231 

(31,190,832 
 ) 

 Work in progress 

 (1,248,134 
 ) 
 
 443,016 

 &#151; 

 (805,118 
 ) 

 Finished goods 

 (2,500,283 
 ) 
 
 (2,664,107 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (5,164,390 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (35,477,030 
 ) 
 
 (3,945,541 
 ) 
 
 2,262,231 

 (37,160,340 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 622,120,216 

 638,115,225 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2012 

 31 December 2013 

 Cost&#151; 

 Raw materials 

 340,889,632 

 504,552,628 

 Work in progress 

 21,655,669 

 21,841,835 

 Finished goods 

 111,761,097 

 131,202,783 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 474,306,398 

 657,597,246 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Less: Provision for declines in the value of inventories 

 Increase 
in the 
current year 

 Written-off 
in the 
current year 

 Raw materials 

(28,464,056 
 ) 

(4,958,621 
 ) 

1,694,064 

(31,728,613 
 ) 

 Work in progress 

 (126,317 
 ) 
 
 (1,121,817 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (1,248,134 
 ) 

 Finished goods 

 (3,305,400 
 ) 
 
 805,117 

 &#151; 

 (2,500,283 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (31,895,773 
 ) 
 
 (5,275,321 
 ) 
 
 1,694,064 

 (35,477,030 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 442,410,625 

 622,120,216 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-122 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 (5) Other
current assets 

 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 2014 
 
 31 December 2013 

 Entrusted loans (Note 9(4(e))) 

 315,000,000 

 &#151; 

 50,000,000 

 Value-added tax recoverable 

 31,452,580 

 42,212,988 

 22,644,255 

 Prepaid income tax 

 6,094,030 

 7,158,847 

 3,152,437 

 Prepaid property tax and others 

 163,060 

 342,901 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 352,709,670 

 49,714,736 

 75,796,692 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (6) Long-term
equity investments 

 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 2014 
 
 31 December 2013 

 Associates(a) 

 108,432,277 

 76,331,842 

 62,434,370 

 Joint venture(b) 

 50,320,716 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Less: Provision for impairment of long-term equity investments 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 158,752,993 

 76,331,842 

 62,434,370 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (a) Associates 

 General
information of significant associates: 

 Major business 
location 
 
 Place of 
registration 
 
 Nature of business 
 
 Interest 
held 
 
 Voting 
rights held 

 Wuhan Taiji Johnson Controls Seatings Co., Ltd. ("Wuhan Taiji") 
 
 Wuhan 
 
 Wuhan 
 
 Design, develop, produce and process auto key parts; sell the produced parts and provide after-sale service 

 20.00 
 % 
 
 14.29 
 % 

 Dongfeng Johnson Automotive Seating Co., Ltd. ("Dongfeng Johnson Seating") 
 
 Wuhan 
 
 Wuhan 
 
 Design, develop, produce and process auto key parts; sell the produced parts and provide after-sale service 

 50.00 
 % 
 
 50.00 
 % 

 Investments
in associates are set out below: 

 31 December 
2014

 Increase in 
investment 
 
 Share of net 
profit 
under equity 
method 
 
 Profit/Cash 
dividends 
declared by 
associates 
 
 Share of other 
comprehensive 
income 
 
 Share of 
other 
changes 
in equity 
 
 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 

 76,331,842 

 &#151; 

 40,365,585 

 (8,265,150 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 108,432,277 

 F-123 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 31 December 
2013

 Increase in 
investment 
 
 Share of net 
profit 
under equity 
method 
 
 Profit/Cash 
dividends 
declared by 
associates 
 
 Share of other 
comprehensive 
income 
 
 Share of 
other 
changes 
in equity 
 
 31 December 
2014 

 62,434,370 

 &#151; 

 13,897,472 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 76,331,842 

 31 December 
2012

 Increase in 
investment 
 
 Share of net 
profit 
under equity 
method 
 
 Profit/Cash 
dividends 
declared by 
associates 
 
 Share of other 
comprehensive 
income 
 
 Share of 
other 
changes 
in equity 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 61,350,581 

 &#151; 

 1,083,789 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 62,434,370 

 (b) Joint
venture 

 General
information of significant joint venture: 

 Major business 
location 
 
 Place of 
registration 
 
 Nature of business 
 
 Interest 
held 
 
 Voting 
rights held 

 CRH Automotive Shenyang Co., Ltd.("CRH Shenyang") 
 
 Shenyang 
 
 Shenyang 
 
 Design, develop, manufacture, sell auto seats frame and relevant parts; provide after-sale service; import and export goods (exclude those forbidden by the State or restricted by imports and exports). 

 50.00 
 % 
 
 50.00 
 % 

 Investments
in joint ventures are set out below: 

 31 December 
2014 
 
 Increase in 
investment 
 
 Share of net 
profit 
under equity 
method 
 
 Profit/Cash 
dividends 
declared by 
associates 
 
 Share of other 
comprehensive 
income 
 
 Share of 
other 
changes 
in equity 
 
 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 

 CRH Shenyang 

 &#151; 

 62,298,600 

 93,521 

 (12,071,405 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 50,320,716 

 On
30 September 2015, the Company acquired 50% of the equity interest of CRH Shenyang from Johnson Controls Solingen Beteiligungs GmbH with the consideration of
USD 9,800,000. After the acquisition, the Company owned 50% equity interest of CRH Shenyang, which is treated as a joint venture company. 

 F-124 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 (7) Fixed
assets 

 Buildings 
 
 Machinery and 
equipment 
 
 Motor vehicles 
 
 Computer and 
electronic 
equipment 
 
 Tooling 
 
 Office 
equipment 
 
 Total 

 Cost 

 31 December 2014 

 664,843,579 

 1,402,641,847 

 11,092,134 

 167,202,068 

 143,136,647 

 52,202,548 

 2,441,118,823 

 Transfer from construction in progress 

 141,831,535 

 306,246,174 

 1,525,343 

 40,739,923 

 40,643,272 

 20,870,904 

 551,857,151 

 Increase in the current year 

 53,000 

 24,471 

 &#151; 

 230,283 

 159,025 

 223,818 

 690,597 

 Decrease in the current year 

 (276,918 
 ) 
 
 (105,538,409 
 ) 
 
 (1,413,514 
 ) 
 
 (19,274,608 
 ) 
 
 (20,641,042 
 ) 
 
 (1,778,920 
 ) 
 
 (148,923,411 
 ) 

 Transfer to construction in progress 

 &#151; 

 (25,103,785 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (255,531 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (2,954,058 
 ) 
 
 (28,313,374 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2015 (Unaudited) 

 806,451,196 

 1,578,270,298 

 11,203,963 

 188,642,135 

 163,297,902 

 68,564,292 

 2,816,429,786 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Accumulated depreciation 

 31 December 2014 

 (103,659,542 
 ) 
 
 (556,410,903 
 ) 
 
 (6,757,457 
 ) 
 
 (101,370,359 
 ) 
 
 (106,393,288 
 ) 
 
 (24,997,707 
 ) 
 
 (899,589,256 
 ) 

 Increase in the current year 

 (40,528,317 
 ) 
 
 (159,961,886 
 ) 
 
 (1,953,950 
 ) 
 
 (26,167,157 
 ) 
 
 (22,608,860 
 ) 
 
 (9,848,111 
 ) 
 
 (261,068,281 
 ) 

 Decrease in the current year 

 267,167 

 72,123,397 

 993,056 

 15,643,917 

 15,629,259 

 1,611,258 

 106,268,054 

 Transfer to construction in progress 

 &#151; 

 19,129,591 

 &#151; 

 125,640 

 &#151; 

 771,828 

 20,027,059 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2015 (Unaudited) 

 (143,920,692 
 ) 
 
 (625,119,801 
 ) 
 
 (7,718,351 
 ) 
 
 (111,767,959 
 ) 
 
 (113,372,889 
 ) 
 
 (32,462,732 
 ) 
 
 (1,034,362,424 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Provision for impairment loss 

 31 December 2014 

 &#151; 

 (3,363,932 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (1,023,466 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (4,387,398 
 ) 

 Increase in the current year 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Decrease in the current year 

 &#151; 

 195,392 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 270,289 

 &#151; 

 465,681 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2015 (Unaudited) 

 &#151; 

 (3,168,540 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (753,177 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (3,921,717 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net book value 

 31 December 2015 (Unaudited) 

 662,530,504 

 949,981,957 

 3,485,612 

 76,874,176 

 49,171,836 

 36,101,560 

 1,778,145,645 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-125 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 Buildings 
 
 Machinery and 
equipment 
 
 Motor vehicles 
 
 Computer and 
electronic 
equipment 
 
 Tooling 
 
 Office 
equipment 
 
 Total 

 Cost 

 31 December 2013 

 519,463,143 

 1,358,811,728 

 10,844,001 

 136,795,400 

 147,725,780 

 36,615,918 

 2,210,255,970 

 Transfer from construction in progress 

 145,122,080 

 331,208,637 

 3,523,355 

 41,150,310 

 45,480,626 

 23,657,653 

 590,142,661 

 Increase in the current year 

 15,001,081 

 6,465,285 

 210,256 

 1,123,548 

 1,395,301 

 2,800,366 

 26,995,837 

 Decrease in the current year 

 (14,742,725 
 ) 
 
 (293,843,803 
 ) 
 
 (3,485,478 
 ) 
 
 (11,867,190 
 ) 
 
 (51,465,060 
 ) 
 
 (10,871,389 
 ) 
 
 (386,275,645 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2014 

 664,843,579 

 1,402,641,847 

 11,092,134 

 167,202,068 

 143,136,647 

 52,202,548 

 2,441,118,823 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Accumulated depreciation 

 31 December 2013 

 (77,872,259 
 ) 
 
 (568,593,538 
 ) 
 
 (7,193,895 
 ) 
 
 (84,890,511 
 ) 
 
 (117,369,709 
 ) 
 
 (20,664,340 
 ) 
 
 (876,584,252 
 ) 

 Increase in the current year 

 (29,531,678 
 ) 
 
 (127,840,535 
 ) 
 
 (1,870,214 
 ) 
 
 (22,480,349 
 ) 
 
 (20,692,286 
 ) 
 
 (9,625,438 
 ) 
 
 (212,040,500 
 ) 

 Decrease in the current year 

 3,744,395 

 140,023,170 

 2,306,652 

 6,000,501 

 31,668,707 

 5,292,071 

 189,035,496 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2014 

 (103,659,542 
 ) 
 
 (556,410,903 
 ) 
 
 (6,757,457 
 ) 
 
 (101,370,359 
 ) 
 
 (106,393,288 
 ) 
 
 (24,997,707 
 ) 
 
 (899,589,256 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Provision for impairment loss 

 31 December 2013 

 &#151; 

 (4,916,956 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (7,405 
 ) 
 
 (1,151,027 
 ) 
 
 (13,416 
 ) 
 
 (6,088,804 
 ) 

 Increase in the current year 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Decrease in the current year 

 &#151; 

 1,553,024 

 &#151; 

 7,405 

 127,561 

 13,416 

 1,701,406 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2014 

 &#151; 

 (3,363,932 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (1,023,466 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (4,387,398 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net book value 

 31 December 2014 

 561,184,037 

 842,867,012 

 4,334,677 

 65,831,709 

 35,719,893 

 27,204,841 

 1,537,142,169 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-126 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 Buildings 
 
 Machinery and 
equipment 
 
 Motor vehicles 
 
 Computer and 
electronic 
equipment 
 
 Tooling 
 
 Office 
equipment 
 
 Total 

 Cost 

 31 December 2012 

 471,574,352 

 1,045,048,036 

 9,911,902 

 107,074,688 

 175,769,456 

 20,381,047 

 1,829,759,481 

 Reclassification 

 (16,709,106 
 ) 
 
 58,273,933 

 933,327 

 (713,823 
 ) 
 
 (41,784,331 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Transfer from construction in progress 

 64,671,004 

 276,606,047 

 1,536,077 

 37,390,888 

 28,869,228 

 10,786,868 

 419,860,112 

 Increase in the current year 

 245,893 

 7,010,357 

 520,119 

 3,170,691 

 &#151; 

 1,435,309 

 12,382,369 

 Acquisition of business 

 &#151; 

 25,678,077 

 1,068,351 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 9,084,912 

 35,831,340 

 Decrease in the current year 

 (319,000 
 ) 
 
 (53,804,722 
 ) 
 
 (3,125,775 
 ) 
 
 (10,127,044 
 ) 
 
 (15,128,573 
 ) 
 
 (5,072,218 
 ) 
 
 (87,577,332 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2013 

 519,463,143 

 1,358,811,728 

 10,844,001 

 136,795,400 

 147,725,780 

 36,615,918 

 2,210,255,970 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Accumulated depreciation 

 31 December 2012 

 (55,379,405 
 ) 
 
 (472,203,389 
 ) 
 
 (7,704,123 
 ) 
 
 (79,958,787 
 ) 
 
 (103,398,472 
 ) 
 
 (11,204,754 
 ) 
 
 (729,848,930 
 ) 

 Reclassification 

 1,762,691 

 (6,193,549 
 ) 
 
 (134,218 
 ) 
 
 654,121 

 3,910,955 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Increase in the current year 

 (24,561,253 
 ) 
 
 (126,525,339 
 ) 
 
 (1,556,970 
 ) 
 
 (15,512,682 
 ) 
 
 (29,263,009 
 ) 
 
 (6,136,555 
 ) 
 
 (203,555,808 
 ) 

 Acquisition of business 

 &#151; 

 (2,959,067 
 ) 
 
 (516,266 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (6,242,806 
 ) 
 
 (9,718,139 
 ) 

 Decrease in the current year 

 305,708 

 39,287,806 

 2,717,682 

 9,926,837 

 11,380,817 

 2,919,775 

 66,538,625 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2013 

 (77,872,259 
 ) 
 
 (568,593,538 
 ) 
 
 (7,193,895 
 ) 
 
 (84,890,511 
 ) 
 
 (117,369,709 
 ) 
 
 (20,664,340 
 ) 
 
 (876,584,252 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Provision for impairment loss 

 31 December 2012 

 &#151; 

 (1,357,266 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (2,378,127 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (3,735,393 
 ) 

 Reclassification 

 &#151; 

 (2,018,848 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,018,848 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Increase in the current year 

 &#151; 

 (1,540,842 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (7,405 
 ) 
 
 (865,918 
 ) 
 
 (13,416 
 ) 
 
 (2,427,581 
 ) 

 Decrease in the current year 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 74,170 

 &#151; 

 74,170 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2013 

 &#151; 

 (4,916,956 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (7,405 
 ) 
 
 (1,151,027 
 ) 
 
 (13,416 
 ) 
 
 (6,088,804 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net book value 

 31 December 2013 

 441,590,884 

 785,301,234 

 3,650,106 

 51,897,484 

 29,205,044 

 15,938,162 

 1,327,582,914 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2012 

 416,194,947 

 571,487,381 

 2,207,779 

 27,115,901 

 69,992,857 

 9,176,293 

 1,096,175,158 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 In
2015, 2014 and 2013, the amount of depreciation expense charged to cost of sales were RMB 213,440,384, RMB 178,646,061 and RMB 168,759,332 for, respectively. 

 In
2015, 2014 and 2013, the amount of depreciation expense charged to selling expenses were RMB 14,910, RMB 512 and RMB 512, respectively. 

 In
2015, 2014 and 2013, the amount of depreciation expense charged to general and administrative expenses were RMB 47,612,987, RMB 33,393,927, and RMB 34,795,964, respectively. 

 F-127 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 (8) Construction
in progress 

 Name of projects

 31 December 
2014 
 
 Increase in 
the current 
year 
 
 Transfer from 
fixed assets 
 
 Transfer to 
fixed assets 
 
 Transfer to 
long-term 
deferred 
assets 
 
 Decrease in 
the current 
year 
 
 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 

 Plant and machineries 

 221,606,083 

 267,408,574 

 5,974,194 

 (306,246,174 
 ) 
 
 (10,538,111 
 ) 
 
 (10,821,978 
 ) 
 
 167,382,588 

 Building Improvements 

 203,185,882 

 80,800,335 

 &#151; 

 (141,831,535 
 ) 
 
 (22,146,220 
 ) 
 
 (1,298,405 
 ) 
 
 118,710,057 

 Other construction projects 

 60,230,565 

 89,964,495 

 2,312,121 

 (103,779,442 
 ) 
 
 (35,100 
 ) 
 
 (379,456 
 ) 
 
 48,313,183 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 485,022,530 

 438,173,404 

 8,286,315 

 (551,857,151 
 ) 
 
 (32,719,431 
 ) 
 
 (12,499,839 
 ) 
 
 334,405,828 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Including: Capitalised borrowing cost 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Less: provision for impairment of construction in progress 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 485,022,530 

 334,405,828 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Name of projects

 31 December 
2013 
 
 Increase in 
the current 
year 
 
 Transfer to 
fixed assets 
 
 Transfer to 
long-term 
deferred 
assets 
 
 31 December 
2014 

 Plant and machineries 

 289,380,413 

 274,864,503 

 (331,208,637 
 ) 
 
 (11,430,196 
 ) 
 
 221,606,083 

 Building Improvements 

 100,579,204 

 325,973,833 

 (145,122,080 
 ) 
 
 (78,245,075 
 ) 
 
 203,185,882 

 Others construction projects 

 63,260,774 

 110,781,735 

 (113,811,944 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 60,230,565 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 453,220,391 

 711,620,071 

 (590,142,661 
 ) 
 
 (89,675,271 
 ) 
 
 485,022,530 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Including: Capitalised borrowing costs 

 1,384,961 

 &#151; 

 (1,384,961 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Less: provision for impairment of construction in progress 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 453,220,391 

 485,022,530 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Name of projects

 31 December 
2012 
 
 Increase in 
the current 
year 
 
 Acquisition of 
business 
 
 Transfer to 
fixed assets 
 
 Transfer to 
long term 
deferred 
assets 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Plant and machineries 

 294,315,759 

 276,700,358 

 1,756,114 

 (276,606,047 
 ) 
 
 (6,785,771 
 ) 
 
 289,380,413 

 Building Improvements 

 44,575,847 

 131,460,875 

 &#151; 

 (64,671,004 
 ) 
 
 (10,786,514 
 ) 
 
 100,579,204 

 Others construction projects 

 35,952,177 

 124,471,143 

 4,607,337 

 (78,583,061 
 ) 
 
 (23,186,822 
 ) 
 
 63,260,774 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 374,843,783 

 532,632,376 

 6,363,451 

 (419,860,112 
 ) 
 
 (40,759,107 
 ) 
 
 453,220,391 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Including: Capitalised from borrowing costs 

 &#151; 

 1,384,961 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,384,961 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Less: provision for impairment of construction in progress 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 374,843,783 

 453,220,391 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 In
2015 and 2014, no capitalised borrowing costs occurred. In 2013, the capitalisation rate used to determine the borrowing cost eligible for capitalisation was 6.55% per annum. 

 F-128 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 (9) Intangible
assets 

 31 December 
2014 
 
 Increase in 
the current 
year 
 
 Disposal in 
the current 
year 
 
 Amortization 
charged in 
the current 
year 
 
 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 Accumulative 
amortization 

 Land use rights 

 258,532,985 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (6,329,835 
 ) 
 
 252,203,150 

 37,591,834 

 Patents 

 375,666 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (40,611 
 ) 
 
 335,055 

 159,945 

 Software 

 29,698,801 

 26,618,345 

 (69,044 
 ) 
 
 (18,647,075 
 ) 
 
 37,601,027 

 88,335,518 

 Customer relationship 

 73,663,625 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (73,663,625 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 825,411,900 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 362,271,077 

 26,618,345 

 (69,044 
 ) 
 
 (98,681,146 
 ) 
 
 290,139,232 

 951,499,197 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Less: provision for impairment of intangible assets 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 362,271,077 

 290,139,232 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 31 December 
2013 
 
 Increase in 
the current 
year 
 
 Disposal in 
the current 
year 
 
 Amortization 
charged in 
the current 
year 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 Accumulative 
amortization 

 Land use rights 

 256,297,708 

 8,914,858 

 &#151; 

 (6,679,581 
 ) 
 
 258,532,985 

 31,265,869 

 Patents 

 411,833 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (36,167 
 ) 
 
 375,666 

 119,334 

 Software 

 17,985,768 

 26,959,569 

 (658,658 
 ) 
 
 (14,587,878 
 ) 
 
 29,698,801 

 73,668,227 

 Customer relationship 

 313,095,108 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (239,431,483 
 ) 
 
 73,663,625 

 775,178,275 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 587,790,417 

 35,874,427 

 (658,658 
 ) 
 
 (260,735,109 
 ) 
 
 362,271,077 

 880,231,705 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Less: provision for impairment of intangible assets 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 587,790,417 

 362,271,077 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 31 December 
2012 
 
 Increase in 
the current 
year 
 
 Acquisition 
of business 
 
 Disposal in 
the current 
year 
 
 Amortization 
charged in 
the current 
year 
 
 31 December 
2013 
 
 Accumulative 
amortization 

 Land use rights 

 277,599,616 

 6,051,642 

 &#151; 

 (20,382,410 
 ) 
 
 (6,971,140 
 ) 
 
 256,297,708 

 24,582,418 

 Patents 

 346,667 

 95,000 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (29,834 
 ) 
 
 411,833 

 83,167 

 Software 

 2,260,353 

 16,698,419 

 1,108,580 

 (503,857 
 ) 
 
 (1,577,727 
 ) 
 
 17,985,768 

 13,336,845 

 Customer relationship 

 277,093,700 

 &#151; 

 291,530,500 

 &#151; 

 (255,529,092 
 ) 
 
 313,095,108 

 590,762,592 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 557,300,336 

 22,845,061 

 292,639,080 

 (20,886,267 
 ) 
 
 (264,107,793 
 ) 
 
 587,790,417 

 628,765,022 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Less: provision for impairment of intangible assets 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 557,300,336 

 587,790,417 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 F-129 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 (10) Long-term
prepaid expenses 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Leasehold improvements 

 179,174,199 

 189,829,072 

 116,117,413 

 Software 

 584,334 

 2,509,712 

 8,185,417 

 Others 

 15,358,365 

 10,217,240 

 210,048 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 195,116,898 

 202,556,024 

 124,512,878 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (11) Other
non-current assets 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Prepayment of equipment 

 50,533,076 

 30,967,176 

 69,740,193 

 Prepayment of land use right 

 29,455,609 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Others 

 19,798,915 

 22,042,460 

 23,279,170 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 99,787,600 

 53,009,636 

 93,019,363 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (12) Goodwill

 31 December 
2014 
 
 Increase in 
the current 
year 
 
 Decrease in 
the current 
year 
 
 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 

 Goodwill 

 71,566,642 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 71,566,642 

 Less: provision for impairment 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 71,566,642 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 71,566,642 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 
2013 
 
 Increase in 
the current 
year 
 
 Decrease in 
the current 
year 
 
 31 December 
2014 

 Goodwill 

 71,566,642 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 71,566,642 

 Less: provision for impairment 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 71,566,642 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 71,566,642 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 
2012 
 
 Increase in 
the current 
year 
 
 Decrease in 
the current 
year 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Goodwill 

 71,566,642 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 71,566,642 

 Less: provision for impairment 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 71,566,642 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 71,566,642 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-130 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 The
Group's goodwill as mentioned above was not impaired as at 31 December 2015, 2014 and 2013. 

 The
recoverable amount of asset groups and groups of asset groups is calculated using the estimated cash flows determined according to the five-year budget approved by management. The
cash flows beyond the five-year period are calculated based on the following estimated growth rates. 

 The
main assumptions applied in calculating discounted future cash flows are as follows: 

 Growth rate 

 14.0 
 % 

 Gross margin 

 18.0 
 % 

 Discount rate 

 17.0 
 % 

 The
weighted average growth rates applied by management are consistent with those estimated in the industry reports, and do not exceed the long-term average growth rates of each product.
Management determines budgeted gross margin based on past experience and forecast on future market development. The discount rates used by management are the pre-tax interest rates that are able to
reflect the risks specific to the related asset groups and groups of asset groups. The above assumptions are used to assess the recoverable amount of each asset group and group of asset groups within
the corresponding operating segment. 

 (13) Short-term
borrowings 

 Currency 
 
 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Secured&#151;Plunged 
 
 RMB 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 4,400,000 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Unsecured 
 
 RMB 

 75,000,000 

 100,000,000 

 83,000,000 

 USD 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 211,900,500 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 75,000,000 

 100,000,000 

 299,300,500 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 As
at 31 December 2015 and 2014, no short-term borrowings was secured by accounts receivable. As at 31 December 2013, short-term borrowings of RMB 4,400,000 were secured by
accounts receivable with the carrying amount of RMB 5,500,000 (Note 7(3(a))). 

 As
at 31 December 2015, 2014 and 2013, the weighted average interest rate of short-term borrowings is 6.02%, 6.43% and 4.39% per annum, respectively. 

 F-131 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 (14) Notes
payable 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Bank acceptance notes 

 457,179,867 

 441,557,489 

 459,996,380 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 As
at 31 December 2015, 2014 and 2013, bank acceptance notes of RMB 228,819,635, RMB 235,486,021 and RMB 291,334,997 were secured with bank deposits of RMB 198,561,011, RMB
166,719,551 and RMB 246,885,299, respectively (Note 7(1(b))). 

 As
at 31 December 2015, 2014 and 2013, bank acceptance notes of RMB 221,724,500, RMB 206,071,468 and RMB 168,661,383 were secured with notes receivable of RMB 222,124,500, RMB
204,357,084 and RMB 168,661,383, respectively (Note 7(2)). 

 (15) Accounts
payable 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Within 1 year 

 8,346,912,180 

 6,459,349,263 

 5,770,115,985 

 1 to 2 years 

 108,949,525 

 40,263,804 

 64,010,990 

 2 to 3 years 

 9,008,700 

 7,786,083 

 13,699,339 

 Over 3 years 

 4,009,058 

 3,120,497 

 2,914,386 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 8,468,879,463 

 6,510,519,647 

 5,850,740,700 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (16) Employee
benefits payable 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Short-term employee benefits payable(a) 

 606,859,311 

 538,637,755 

 457,053,246 

 Defined contribution plans payable(b) 

 14,293,502 

 9,950,804 

 9,002,142 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 621,152,813 

 548,588,559 

 466,055,388 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-132 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 (a) Short-term
employee benefits 

 31 December 
2014 
 
 Increase in the 
current year 
 
 Decrease in the 
current year 
 
 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 

 Wages and salaries, bonus, allowances and subsidies 

 260,619,279 

 1,132,303,027 

 (1,097,701,334 
 ) 
 
 295,220,972 

 Staff welfare 

 &#151; 

 87,717,100 

 (87,717,100 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Social security contributions 

 14,377,485 

 83,877,705 

 (89,138,815 
 ) 
 
 9,116,375 

 Including: Medical insurance 

 7,372,363 

 71,839,820 

 (74,320,811 
 ) 
 
 4,891,372 

 Work injury insurance 

 2,255,176 

 4,984,132 

 (6,573,333 
 ) 
 
 665,975 

 Maternity insurance 

 4,749,946 

 7,053,753 

 (8,244,671 
 ) 
 
 3,559,028 

 Housing funds 

 9,213,678 

 95,555,097 

 (96,902,965 
 ) 
 
 7,865,810 

 Labour union funds and employee education funds 

 16,874,496 

 25,619,638 

 (25,412,941 
 ) 
 
 17,081,193 

 Other short-term employee benefits 

 1,086,076 

 3,157,495 

 (3,925,013 
 ) 
 
 318,558 

 Staff welfare and incentive funds 

 236,466,741 

 45,146,630 

 (4,356,968 
 ) 
 
 277,256,403 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 538,637,755 

 1,473,376,692 

 (1,405,155,136 
 ) 
 
 606,859,311 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 
2013 
 
 Increase in the 
current year 
 
 Decrease in the 
current year 
 
 31 December 
2014 

 Wages and salaries, bonus, allowances and subsidies 

 226,914,167 

 1,130,907,576 

 (1,097,202,464 
 ) 
 
 260,619,279 

 Staff welfare 

 &#151; 

 28,970,535 

 (28,970,535 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Social security contributions 

 12,057,713 

 67,536,120 

 (65,216,348 
 ) 
 
 14,377,485 

 Including: Medical insurance 

 6,641,342 

 57,526,220 

 (56,795,199 
 ) 
 
 7,372,363 

 Work injury insurance 

 1,965,662 

 3,900,702 

 (3,611,188 
 ) 
 
 2,255,176 

 Maternity insurance 

 3,450,709 

 6,109,198 

 (4,809,961 
 ) 
 
 4,749,946 

 Housing funds 

 5,512,519 

 69,194,114 

 (65,492,955 
 ) 
 
 9,213,678 

 Labour union funds and employee education funds 

 14,494,462 

 25,723,259 

 (23,343,225 
 ) 
 
 16,874,496 

 Other short-term employee benefits 

 161,052 

 2,419,505 

 (1,494,481 
 ) 
 
 1,086,076 

 Staff welfare and incentive funds 

 197,913,333 

 45,375,460 

 (6,822,052 
 ) 
 
 236,466,741 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 457,053,246 

 1,370,126,569 

 (1,288,542,060 
 ) 
 
 538,637,755 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-133 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 31 December 
2012 
 
 Increase in the 
current year 
 
 Decrease in the 
current year 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Wages and salaries, bonus, allowances and subsidies 

 148,274,542 

 834,802,636 

 (756,163,011 
 ) 
 
 226,914,167 

 Staff welfare 

 &#151; 

 47,010,536 

 (47,010,536 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Social security contributions 

 35,020,854 

 72,693,913 

 (95,657,054 
 ) 
 
 12,057,713 

 Including: Medical insurance 

 19,289,352 

 40,039,528 

 (52,687,538 
 ) 
 
 6,641,342 

 Work injury insurance 

 5,709,139 

 11,850,644 

 (15,594,121 
 ) 
 
 1,965,662 

 Maternity insurance 

 10,022,363 

 20,803,741 

 (27,375,395 
 ) 
 
 3,450,709 

 Housing funds 

 13,157,797 

 78,598,721 

 (86,243,999 
 ) 
 
 5,512,519 

 Labour union funds and employee education funds 

 9,909,090 

 30,009,828 

 (25,424,456 
 ) 
 
 14,494,462 

 Other short-term employee benefits 

 9,163,009 

 688,962 

 (9,690,919 
 ) 
 
 161,052 

 Staff welfare and incentive funds 

 172,894,395 

 45,429,180 

 (20,410,242 
 ) 
 
 197,913,333 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 388,419,687 

 1,109,233,775 

 (1,040,600,217 
 ) 
 
 457,053,246 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (b) Defined
contribution plans payable 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 

 Amount 
payable 
 
 Ending 
balance 

 Basic pensions 

 151,997,339 

 13,380,326 

 Unemployment insurance 

 10,391,553 

 913,176 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 162,388,892 

 14,293,502 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 2014 

 Amount 
payable 
 
 Ending 
balance 

 Basic pensions 

 108,658,194 

 6,489,804 

 Unemployment insurance 

 8,206,064 

 3,461,000 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 116,864,258 

 9,950,804 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 2013 

 Amount 
payable 
 
 Ending 
balance 

 Basic pensions 

 111,013,793 

 6,426,162 

 Unemployment insurance 

 8,676,300 

 2,575,980 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 119,690,093 

 9,002,142 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-134 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 (17) Taxes
payable 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Enterprise income tax payable 

 302,092,879 

 194,557,016 

 268,141,773 

 Value-added-tax payable 

 223,572,378 

 179,644,760 

 156,568,640 

 Business tax payable 

 356,099 

 6,950,458 

 7,503,211 

 Individual income tax payable 

 9,871,414 

 5,188,415 

 4,318,171 

 Others 

 24,128,779 

 21,014,842 

 13,086,382 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 560,021,549 

 407,355,491 

 449,618,177 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (18) Other
payables 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Accrued expenses 

 1,270,897,055 

 1,353,331,749 

 1,061,270,983 

 Service fee payables 

 62,195,223 

 19,364,734 

 32,136,165 

 Payables for purchase of property, plants and equipment 

 40,303,467 

 108,869,302 

 55,949,739 

 Others 

 172,794,666 

 171,240,718 

 170,951,162 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 1,546,190,411 

 1,652,806,503 

 1,320,308,049 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (19) Long-term
borrowings 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Unsecured 

 18,903,000 

 24,301,000 

 27,000,000 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Less: Current portion of long-term borrowings 

 (5,398,000 
 ) 
 
 (5,398,000 
 ) 
 
 (2,699,000 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 13,505,000 

 18,903,000 

 24,301,000 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 As
at 31 December 2015, 2014 and 2013, the weighted average interest rate of long-term borrowings is 6.15%, 6.55% and 6.55% per annum, respectively. 

 F-135 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 (20) Deferred
tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
 (a) Deferred
tax assets 

 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 2014 
 
 31 December 2013 

 Deferred 
tax assets 
 
 Deductible 
temporary 
difference 
 
 Deferred 
tax assets 
 
 Deductible 
temporary 
difference 
 
 Deferred 
tax assets 
 
 Deductible 
temporary 
difference 

 Provision for asset impairments 

 9,560,137 

 55,463,501 

 9,969,371 

 52,422,022 

 9,814,321 

 52,232,754 

 Depreciation of fixed assets 

 4,477,205 

 21,513,376 

 6,666,212 

 26,732,055 

 9,433,452 

 61,125,901 

 Amortisation of intangible assets 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 730,101 

 2,920,405 

 821,203 

 3,284,811 

 Accrued expense, accounts receivable and accounts payable 

 502,335,531 

 2,486,895,028 

 288,981,601 

 1,454,697,632 

 196,304,868 

 1,040,024,068 

 Accrued payroll 

 19,049,565 

 119,149,427 

 16,308,003 

 107,641,939 

 25,125,742 

 159,027,817 

 Net loss carry forward 

 8,975,147 

 35,900,585 

 11,817,121 

 47,268,490 

 8,908,672 

 46,083,234 

 Deferred income 

 1,719,295 

 7,402,636 

 1,360,000 

 5,440,000 

 1,360,000 

 5,440,000 

 Allowance 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 575,068 

 3,454,415 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 546,116,880 

 2,726,324,553 

 335,832,409 

 1,697,122,543 

 252,343,326 

 1,370,673,000 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Including: 

 Expected to be recovered within one year (inclusive) 

 538,515,249 

 318,540,723 

 232,292,545 

 Expected to be recovered after one year 

 7,601,631 

 17,291,686 

 20,050,781 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 546,116,880 

 335,832,409 

 252,343,326 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 As
at 31 December 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Group has not recognized related deferred tax assets of RMB 1,123,881, RMB 1,902,419 and RMB 9,506,929 regarding
the tax loss of RMB 4,495,525, RMB 7,609,676 and RMB 38,027,717, respectively. 

 Deductible
losses that are not recognised as deferred tax assets will be expired as follows: 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Within 1 year 

 4,495,525 

 3,114,151 

 19,079,411 

 Between 1 to 2 years 

 &#151; 

 4,495,525 

 &#151; 

 Between 2 to 3 years 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 10,916,664 

 Between 3 to 4 years 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,825,074 

 Over 4 years 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 6,206,568 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 4,495,525 

 7,609,676 

 38,027,717 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-136 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 (b) Deferred
tax liabilities 

 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 2014 
 
 31 December 2013 

 Deferred 
tax liabilities 
 
 Taxable 
temporary 
difference 
 
 Deferred 
tax liabilities 
 
 Taxable 
temporary 
difference 
 
 Deferred 
tax liabilities 
 
 Taxable 
temporary 
difference 

 Business combinations involving enterprises not under common control 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 18,485,081 

 73,940,324 

 69,724,286 

 316,947,922 

 Depreciation of fixed assets 

 241,500 

 965,999 

 114,812 

 459,248 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 241,500 

 965,999 

 18,599,893 

 74,399,572 

 69,724,286 

 316,947,922 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Including: 

 Expected to be recovered within one year (inclusive) 

 241,500 

 18,599,893 

 51,239,205 

 Expected to be recovered after one year 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 18,485,081 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 241,500 

 18,599,893 

 69,724,286 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 (21) Paid-in
capital 

 31 December 
2014 
 
 Increase in 
the current 
year 
 
 Decrease in 
the current 
year 
 
 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 

 Yanfeng Trim 

 219,967,272 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 219,967,272 

 JCI Asia 

 219,886,108 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 219,886,108 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 439,853,380 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 439,853,380 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 
2013 
 
 Increase in 
the current 
year 
 
 Decrease in 
the current 
year 
 
 31 December 
2014 

 Yanfeng Trim 

 219,967,272 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 219,967,272 

 JCI Asia 

 219,886,108 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 219,886,108 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 439,853,380 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 439,853,380 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 
2012 
 
 Increase in 
the current 
year 
 
 Decrease in 
the current 
year 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Yanfeng Trim 

 219,967,272 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 219,967,272 

 JCI Asia 

 219,886,108 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 219,886,108 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 439,853,380 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 439,853,380 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-137 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 (22) Capital
Surplus 

 31 December 
2014 
 
 Increase in 
the current 
year 
 
 Decrease in 
the current 
year 
 
 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 

 Other capital surplus 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 
2013 
 
 Increase in 
the current 
year 
 
 Decrease in 
the current 
year 
 
 31 December 
2014 

 Other capital surplus 

 1,148,851 

 &#151; 

 (1,148,851 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 
2012 
 
 Increase in 
the current 
year 
 
 Decrease in 
the current 
year 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Other capital surplus 

 1,148,851 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,148,851 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (23) Surplus
reserve 

 31 December 
2014 
 
 Increase in 
the current 
year 
 
 Decrease in 
the current 
year 
 
 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 

 Reserve Fund 

 116,186,069 

 14,743,347 

 &#151; 

 130,929,416 

 Enterprise Expansion Fund 

 168,646,941 

 29,486,695 

 &#151; 

 198,133,636 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 284,833,010 

 44,230,042 

 &#151; 

 329,063,052 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 
2013 
 
 Increase in 
the current 
year 
 
 Decrease in 
the current 
year 
 
 31 December 
2014 

 Reserve Fund 

 103,413,601 

 14,962,268 

 (2,189,800 
 ) 
 
 116,186,069 

 Enterprise Expansion Fund 

 138,722,405 

 29,924,536 

 &#151; 

 168,646,941 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 242,136,006 

 44,886,804 

 (2,189,800 
 ) 
 
 284,833,010 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 
2012 
 
 Increase in 
the current 
year 
 
 Decrease in 
the current 
year 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Reserve Fund 

 88,372,398 

 15,041,203 

 &#151; 

 103,413,601 

 Enterprise Expansion Fund 

 108,639,999 

 30,082,406 

 &#151; 

 138,722,405 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 197,012,397 

 45,123,609 

 &#151; 

 242,136,006 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 In
accordance with the "Company Law" and the Company's Articles of Association, the Company should appropriate RMB 14,743,347, RMB 14,962,268 and RMB 15,041,203 of
net profit to Reverse 

 F-138 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 Fund
for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The Company should appropriate RMB 29,486,695, RMB 29,924,536 and RMB 30,082,406 of net profit to Enterprise Expansion Fund for 2015,
2014 and 2013, respectively. 

 In
accordance with the Circular on Accounting Treatment of Enterprises Following the Implementation of the Company Law (Cai Qi [2006]67) issued by the Ministry of
Finance on 15 March 2006, if the board of directors determines to continue the accrual for the staff welfare and incentive fund, the Company should specify the purposes of the fund, and the
conditions and procedures for using the fund. The fund should be managed as a liability. 

 (24) Undistributed
profit 

 In
accordance with the Law of the PRC on Chinese-foreign Equity Joint Ventures, the Company's Articles of Association, the Company appropriated the Reserve Fund, the Enterprise Expansion
Fund and the Staff Welfare and Incentive Fund of net profit after setting off accumulated losses of previous year and before profit distributions to the investors. In 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Group
appropriated the Staff Welfare and Incentive Fund with an amount of RMB 45,146,630, RMB 45,375,460 and RMB 45,429,180 of net profit, repectively 

 In
accordance with the resolution at the Board of Directors' meeting dated on 7 August 2015, 12 May 2014 and 16 May 2013, the Board of Directors proposed the
dividends with an amount of RMB 1,406,453,166, RMB 1,413,873,089 and RMB 1,322,403,562 to the shareholders, respectively. 

 (25) Revenue
and cost of sales 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Revenue 
 
 Cost of sales 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Cost of sales 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Cost of sales 

 Revenue from main operations 

 &#151;sales of automotive spare parts 

 25,946,688,824 

 (21,576,248,882 
 ) 
 
 23,300,080,576 

 (19,212,615,952 
 ) 
 
 21,253,089,968 

 (17,432,993,062 
 ) 

 Revenue from other operations 

 &#151;sales of raw materials 

 332,415,663 

 (307,126,311 
 ) 
 
 1,088,884,852 

 (1,039,139,938 
 ) 
 
 215,619,088 

 (197,278,064 
 ) 

 &#151;service income 

 265,741,206 

 (120,826,588 
 ) 
 
 49,801,832 

 (7,330,000 
 ) 
 
 92,586,994 

 (2,100,346 
 ) 

 &#151;others 

 27,205,071 

 (18,816,187 
 ) 
 
 46,362,610 

 (28,479,493 
 ) 
 
 11,610,542 

 (5,895,397 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 26,572,050,764 

 (22,023,017,968 
 ) 
 
 24,485,129,870 

 (20,287,565,383 
 ) 
 
 21,572,906,592 

 (17,638,266,869 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-139 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 (26) Tax
and surcharges 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 City maintenance and construction tax 

 59,994,242 

 38,920,905 

 38,586,289 

 Educational surcharge 

 53,004,452 

 36,606,013 

 34,893,498 

 Others 

 6,878,859 

 9,970,928 

 3,865,944 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 119,877,553 

 85,497,846 

 77,345,731 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (27) Financial
expenses&#151;net 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Interest income 

 68,066,033 

 43,790,505 

 36,301,845 

 Interest of borrowings 

 (7,057,701 
 ) 
 
 (9,211,536 
 ) 
 
 (8,029,756 
 ) 

 Discount charges for notes receivable 

 (92,465 
 ) 
 
 (53,771 
 ) 
 
 (582,980 
 ) 

 Exchange gains/ losses&#151;net 

 2,633,550 

 (5,828,481 
 ) 
 
 (51,439,948 
 ) 

 Others 

 (4,450,537 
 ) 
 
 (3,491,398 
 ) 
 
 (2,301,694 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 59,098,880 

 25,205,319 

 (26,052,533 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-140 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 (28) Expenses
by nature 

 The
cost of sales, selling expenses, general and administrative expenses in the income statements are listed as follows by nature: 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Changes in inventories of finished goods and work in progress 

 (132,579,173 
 ) 
 
 (26,448,188 
 ) 
 
 (19,627,852 
 ) 

 Consumed raw materials and low value consumables, etc. 

 20,489,628,165 

 18,518,827,158 

 16,055,465,726 

 Employee benefits 

 1,590,618,954 

 1,441,615,367 

 1,183,494,689 

 Depreciation and amortization expenses 

 398,139,629 

 502,251,363 

 498,239,424 

 Research and development expenses 

 266,918,928 

 290,649,240 

 272,593,664 

 Transportation and logistics costs 

 181,461,700 

 186,555,000 

 173,810,694 

 Rental 

 170,677,949 

 154,885,771 

 117,777,837 

 Utilities 

 14 5,971,042 

 102,474,719 

 97,149,685 

 After-sales maintenance fee 

 6,564,753 

 7,145,671 

 6,696,265 

 Advertising expenses 

 1,765,506 

 1,375,313 

 2,982,686 

 Others 

 917,983,769 

 1,117,251,738 

 976,449,198 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 24,037,151,222 

 22,296,583,152 

 19,365,032,016 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (29) Impairment
losses 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Impairment losses of declines in the value of inventories 

 2,323,537 

 3,945,541 

 5,275,321 

 Allowance for doubtful accounts 

 7,056,982 

 725,698 

 3,240,135 

 Impairment losses on fixed assets 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,427,581 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 9,380,519 

 4,671,239 

 10,943,037 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-141 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 (30) Investment
income&#151;net 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Share of net profit or loss of investees under equity method 

 40,459,106 

 13,897,472 

 1,083,789 

 Gain from disposal of long-term equity investments(a) 

 7,898,751 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 48,357,857 

 13,897,472 

 1,083,789 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (a) Gain
from disposal of long-term equity investments attributes to the disposal of 50% equity interest of Baoding Yanfeng Johnson Automotive
Seating Co., Ltd. in 2015. 

 (31) Non-operating
income and expenses
 (a) Non-operating
income 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Government subsidies 

 34,676,251 

 27,429,208 

 16,800,617 

 Gain on disposal of fixed assets 

 1,676,650 

 13,714,861 

 5,306,453 

 Income from business combination 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 8,484,365 

 Others 

 9,466,186 

 4,127,931 

 5,241,939 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 45,819,087 

 45,272,000 

 35,833,374 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (b) Non-operating
expense 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

 4,669,157 

 10,808,449 

 6,638,252 

 Others 

 9,843,767 

 3,716,581 

 4,964,749 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 14,512,924 

 14,525,030 

 11,603,001 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (32) Income
tax expenses 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Current income tax 

 692,032,499 

 523,415,144 

 485,672,831 

 Deferred income tax 

 (228,642,864 
 ) 
 
 (134,613,476 
 ) 
 
 (114,229,350 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 463,389,635 

 388,801,668 

 371,443,481 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-142 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 The
reconciliation from income tax calculated based on applicable tax rate and total profit presented in the consolidated financial statements to the income tax expenses is as follows: 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Total profit 

 2,544,404,370 

 2,168,227,394 

 2,118,847,437 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income tax expenses calculated at the applicable tax rate 

 636,101,093 

 542,056,849 

 529,711,859 

 Investment income under equity method 

 (6,068,866 
 ) 
 
 (2,084,621 
 ) 
 
 (162,568 
 ) 

 Income not subject to tax 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (172,800 
 ) 

 Effect of favourable tax rates 

 (146,627,863 
 ) 
 
 (129,982,885 
 ) 
 
 (151,425,064 
 ) 

 Additional deduction of research and development expense 

 (9,984,951 
 ) 
 
 (9,608,501 
 ) 
 
 (8,770,490 
 ) 

 Effect of change in the tax rates 

 1,336,323 

 (2,237,894 
 ) 
 
 (1,456,542 
 ) 

 Cost, expense and loss not deductible for tax purposes 

 17,797,833 

 7,366,230 

 12,672,041 

 Tax losses for which no deferred income tax asset was recognised 

 &#151; 

 778,538 

 1,551,642 

 Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses 

 (52,862,590 
 ) 
 
 (8,383,048 
 ) 
 
 (2,544,658 
 ) 

 Tax reconciliation differences in previous years 

 23,698,656 

 (9,103,000 
 ) 
 
 (7,959,939 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income tax expenses 

 463,389,635 

 388,801,668 

 371,443,481 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (33) Other
comprehensive income
 (a) Other
comprehensive income, the related income tax effect and the reclassifications to profit or loss 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 

 Amount before 
tax 
 
 Income tax 
 
 Net after tax 

 Differences arising from translation of foreign currency financial statements 

 (275,031 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (275,031 
 ) 

 Less: Reclassification of previous other comprehensive income to profit or loss 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (275,031 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (275,031 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-143 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 2014 

 Amount before 
tax 
 
 Income tax 
 
 Net after tax 

 Differences arising from translation of foreign currency financial statements 

 114,990 

 &#151; 

 114,990 

 Less: Reclassification of previous other comprehensive income to profit or loss 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 114,900 

 &#151; 

 114,900 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 2013 

 Amount before 
tax 
 
 Income tax 
 
 Net after tax 

 Differences arising from translation of foreign currency financial statements 

 (147,000 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (147,000 
 ) 

 Less: Reclassification of previous other comprehensive income to profit or loss 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (147,000 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (147,000 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (b) Reconciliation
of other comprehensive income 

 Equity attributable to the parent company 

 Differences 
arising from 
translation of 
foreign 
currency 
financial 
statements 
 
 Sub-total 
 
 Minority 
interests 
 
 Total other 
comprehensive 
income 

 31 December 2012 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Movements for the year ended 31 December 2013 

 (147,000 
 ) 
 
 (147,000 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (147,000 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2013 

 (147,000 
 ) 
 
 (147,000 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (147,000 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Movements for the year ended 31 December 2014 

 114,990 

 114,990 

 &#151; 

 114,990 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2014 

 (32,010 
 ) 
 
 (32,010 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (32,010 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Movements for the year ended 31 December 2015 

 (275,031 
 ) 
 
 (275,031 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (275,031 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2015 

 (307,041 
 ) 
 
 (307,041 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (307,041 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-144 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

7 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (Continued) 

 (34) Notes
to consolidated cash flow statements
 (a) Reconciliation
from net profit to cash flows from operating activities 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Net profit 

 2,081,014,735 

 1,779,425,726 

 1,747,403,956 

 Add: Provisions for assets impairment 

 9,380,519 

 4,671,239 

 10,943,037 

 Depreciation of fixed assets 

 261,068,281 

 212,040,500 

 203,555,808 

 Amortisation of intangible assets 

 98,681,146 

 260,735,109 

 264,107,793 

 Amortisation of long-term prepaid expenses 

 38,390,202 

 29,475,754 

 30,575,823 

 Losses on disposal of fixed assets, intangible assets and other long-term
assets 

 2,992,507 

 (2,906,412 
 ) 
 
 981,449 

 Financial (income)/ expenses&#151;net 

 (4,983,235 
 ) 
 
 6,842,052 

 7,121,344 

 Investment income 

 (48,357,857 
 ) 
 
 (13,897,472 
 ) 
 
 (1,083,789 
 ) 

 Increase in deferred tax assets 

 (210,718,377 
 ) 
 
 (83,489,083 
 ) 
 
 (68,124,681 
 ) 

 Decrease in deferred tax liabilities 

 (18,358,393 
 ) 
 
 (51,124,393 
 ) 
 
 (46,104,669 
 ) 

 Increase in inventories 

 (65,755,469 
 ) 
 
 (17,678,319 
 ) 
 
 (118,765,342 
 ) 

 Increase in operating receivables 

 (1,261,835,070 
 ) 
 
 (415,978,727 
 ) 
 
 (1,241,915,921 
 ) 

 Increase in operating payables 

 2,116,111,288 

 959,246,328 

 1,812,768,518 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net cash flows from operating activities 

 2,997,630,277 

 2,667,362,302 

 2,601,463,326 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (b) Net
increase in cash 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 Cash at end of year 

 3,741,333,102 

 2,998,757,581 

 2,762,455,926 

 Less: cash at beginning of year 

 (2,998,757,581 
 ) 
 
 (2,762,455,926 
 ) 
 
 (2,412,733,372 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net increase in cash 

 742,575,521 

 236,301,655 

 349,722,554 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (c) Cash

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Cash at bank and on hand (note 7(1)) 

 3,939,894,113 

 3,165,627,901 

 3,009,341,225 

 Less: restricted cash at bank 

 (198,561,011 
 ) 
 
 (166,870,320 
 ) 
 
 (246,885,299 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Cash at end of year 

 3,741,333,102 

 2,998,757,581 

 2,762,455,926 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-145 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

8 Business combination 

 (a) Business
combination involving entities not under common control 

 In
2013, the Company acquired 100% equity interest of Johnson Controls Kunshan from CRH Automotive GmbH. The acquisition date was 2 July 2013, also the date when the
Company actually obtained its controlling rights in Johnson Controls Kunshan. Net assets obtained through acquisition and the non-operating income are recognised as below: 

 Cost of combination&#151; 

 Cash paid 

 428,959,524 

 Dividends declared at acquisition date but not yet paid 

 (201,273,344 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total combination cost 

 227,686,180 

 Less: Fair value of the identifiable net assets obtained 

 (236,170,545 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Non-operating income 

 (8,484,365 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-146 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

8 Business combination (Continued) 

 The
assets and liabilities of Johnson Controls Kunshan at the acquisition date, and the cash flows relating to the acquisition are as follows: 

 Fair value 
 
 Carrying amount 

 Acquisition 
date 
 
 Acquisition 
date 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Cash at bank and on hand 

 16,424,889 

 16,424,889 

 26,342,075 

 Notes receivable 

 5,000,000 

 5,000,000 

 &#151; 

 Accounts receivable 

 173,423,646 

 173,423,646 

 286,153,806 

 Advances to suppliers 

 13,475,663 

 13,475,663 

 3,297,765 

 Interest receivable 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,178 

 Other receivables 

 168,980,703 

 168,980,703 

 164,122,996 

 Inventories 

 64,525,506 

 64,525,506 

 62,077,557 

 Other current assets 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 14,842,115 

 Fixed assets 

 26,113,201 

 21,882,401 

 24,320,025 

 Construction in progress 

 6,363,451 

 6,363,451 

 4,678,919 

 Intangible assets 

 292,639,080 

 1,108,580 

 218,881,879 

 Long-term prepaid expenses 

 5,433,167 

 5,433,167 

 4,281,112 

 Deferred tax assets 

 4,606,202 

 4,606,202 

 3,174,550 

 Less: Short-term borrowings 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (60,000,000 
 ) 

 Accounts payable 

 (150,164,216 
 ) 
 
 (150,164,216 
 ) 
 
 (145,187,842 
 ) 

 Advances from customers 

 (134,211 
 ) 
 
 (134,211 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Employee benefits payable 

 (4,870,344 
 ) 
 
 (4,870,344 
 ) 
 
 (3,975,410 
 ) 

 Taxes payable 

 (59,289,404 
 ) 
 
 (59,289,404 
 ) 
 
 (58,980,948 
 ) 

 Interest payable 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (720,000 
 ) 

 Dividends payable 

 (201,273,344 
 ) 
 
 (201,273,344 
 ) 
 
 (201,273,344 
 ) 

 Other payables 

 (51,143,119 
 ) 
 
 (51,143,119 
 ) 
 
 (52,704,557 
 ) 

 Deferred tax liabilities 

 (73,940,325 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (55,455,244 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net assets obtained 

 236,170,545 

 14,349,570 

 233,876,632 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Fair value 
Acquisition date 

 Consideration settled in cash 

 428,959,524 

 Less: Cash and cash equivalents in the subsidiary acquired 

 (16,424,889 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net cash outflow on acquisition of the subsidiary 

 412,534,635 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-147 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

8 Business combination (Continued) 

 The
revenue, net profit and cash flows of Johnson Controls Kunshan for the period from the acquisition date to 31 December 2013 are as follows: 

 Revenue 

 411,370,607 

 Net profit 

 2,287,133 

 Cash flows from operating activities 

 (50,582,814 
 ) 

 Net cash flows 

 9,917,186 

 The
Group uses valuation techniques to determine fair value of assets and liabilities of Johnson Controls Kunshan at purchasing date. The key hypothesis and evaluation method of main
assets are listed as follows: 

 Fixed
assets are evaluated by the replacement cost method. 

 Intangible
assets are evaluated by discounted multi-period excess earnings method. 

 The
work capital involves with current assets and liabilities, of which the fair values are determined after checking their carrying amounts. 

 (b) Equity
transactions with minority interest 

 On
26 September 2014, the Company acquired 45% equity interest of its subsidiary, Shanghai Johnson Automotive Metal from JCI. After the acquisition, Shanghai Johnson Automotive
Metal Components Co. Ltd. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Capital surplus and surplus reserve adjustments of the deal are as follows: 

 Cost of combination&#151; 

 Cash paid 

 84,289,950 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total combination cost 

 84,289,950 

 Less: the share of the subsidiary's net identifiable assets continually calculated from the combination date based on the newly acquired equity ratio at
the transaction day 

 (80,951,299 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 3,338,651 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Including: Capital surplus adjustment 

 1,148,851 

 Surplus reserve adjustment 

 2,189,800 

 F-148 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

9 Related parties and related party transactions 

 (1) The
parent company and subsidiaries 

 The
general information and other related information of the subsidiaries is set out in Note 6. 

 (a) General
information of the parent company 

 Place of registration 
 
 Nature of business 

 Yanfeng Trim 
 
 Shanghai, China 
 
 Production and sale of plastic and decorating products used for autos, trucks and motorcycles, automotive electronics, instruments, tooling, stamping parts and standard fasteners 

 (b) Registered
capital and changes in registered capital of the parent company 

 31 December 
2014 
 
 Current year 
changes 
 
 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 

 RMB 

 RMB 

 Yanfeng Trim 

 1,078,947,853 

 &#151; 

 1,078,947,853 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 
2013 
 
 Current year 
changes 
 
 31 December 
2014 

 USD 

 RMB 

 Yanfeng Trim(i) 

 139,233,200 

 &#151; 

 1,078,947,853 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 
2012 
 
 Current year 
changes 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 USD 

 USD 

 Yanfeng Trim 

 139,233,200 

 &#151; 

 139,233,200 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Note:
Yanfeng Trim changed from foreign-invested production enterprise to domestic enterprise approved by Shanghai Municipal Commission of Commerce (Grant No: Shanghai Foreign Investment approve
[2013] No.3573). After the registration changes in Shanghai Industrial and Commercial Bureau, the registered capital changed from USD 139,233,200 to RMB 1,078,947,853.
The parent company obtained an updated business licence on 6 January 2014. 
 
 F-149 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

9 Related parties and related party transactions (Continued) 

 (c) The
proportion of interests and voting rights in the Company held by the parent company 

 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 2014 
 
 31 December 2013 

 % interest 
held 
 
 % voting 
rights 
 
 % interest 
held 
 
 % voting 
rights 
 
 % interest 
held 
 
 % voting 
rights 

 Yanfeng Trim 

 50.01 
 % 
 
 50.00 
 % 
 
 50.01 
 % 
 
 50.00 
 % 
 
 50.01 
 % 
 
 50.00 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (2) Related
parties that do not control or are not controlled by the Company 

 Relationship with the Group 

 Dongfeng Johnson Seating(i) 
 
 Associate 

 Wuhan Taiji(i) 
 
 Associate 

 CRH Automotive Shenyang Co., Ltd(i) 
 
 Joint venture 

 Yanfeng Hainachuan Automotive Trim Systems Co., Ltd(ii) 
 
 Controlled by the parent company 

 Yanfeng (Chongqing) Automotive Trim Systems Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Controlled by the parent company 

 Yanfeng Zhejiang Automotive Interior Trim Systems Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Controlled by the parent company 

 Yanfeng Automotive Trim Systems Liuzhou Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Controlled by the parent company 

 Yanfeng Guangzhou Automotive Trim Systems Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Controlled by the parent company 

 Yanfeng USA Automotive Trim Systems Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Controlled by the parent company 

 Yanfeng Key (Shanghai) Automotive Safety Systems Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Joint venture of the parent company 

 Beijing Hainachuan Yanfeng Automobile module system Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Joint venture of the parent company 

 Dongfeng Visteon Automotive Trim Systems Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Joint venture of the parent company 

 Shanghai Yanfeng Johnson Controls Seating Mechanical Part Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Joint venture of the parent company 

 Shanghai Volkswagen Automotive Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Shanghai General Motors Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Shanghai GM (Shenyang) Norsom Motors Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 SAIC GM Sales Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Shanghai GM Dong Yue Motors Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 F-150 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

9 Related parties and related party transactions (Continued) 

 Relationship with the Group 

 Shanghai TRW Automotive Safety Systems Co., Ltd(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 SAIC Automotive Finance Co, Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Shanghai Automotive Industry (Group) Corporation(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Jiangsu ANJI-CEVA Automotive Logistics Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Shanghai Sanhuan Spring Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Nanjing Automobile Group Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Ningbo Volkswagen automotive Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Donghua Automotive Industrial Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Nanjing Donghua Automobile Interior Trim Systems Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Nanjing Iveco Motor Company Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Shanghai General Motors&#151;Wuling Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Shanghai Automobile Industry Activities Center Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Shanghai Automobile Commercial Vehicle Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Shanghai Brose Automotive Components Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Pan Asia Technical Automotive Center Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Shanghai Jieneng Automobile Technology Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 SAIC-Volkswagen Sales Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 SACO(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Shanghai Huizhong Automobile Manufacturing Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Shanghai Koito Automotive Lamp Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Shanghai Lear Industrial Transportation Automotive Parts Co., Ltd.(ii) 
 
 Related parties of parent company 

 Guangzhou Johnson Controls Automotive Interior Systems Co., Ltd.(iii) 
 
 Joint venture of JCI 

 Changsha Guangzhou Automobile Johnson Controls Automotive Interior Systems Co., Ltd.(iii) 
 
 Joint venture of JCI 

 CJSC Johnson Controls International(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 F-151 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

9 Related parties and related party transactions (Continued) 

 Relationship with the Group 

 Daechang Seat Co.,Ltd.(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Diniz Johnson Controls Oto(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Esteban Ikeda, S.A. Pollgono Ind(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Faurecia Automotive Seat Inc.(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 JC Automotive SA (PTY) Ltd.(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 JC Automotive Spain S.A.(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 JC Automotive UK Ltd.(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 JC Siemianowice Sp.z o.o ul. Krupan(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 JCA Seating (M) SDN BHD(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 JCA, Mexico,S.de R.L de C.V(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 JCAS K.K Plant(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 JCAS Kinryo Plant(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 JCI GEEL N.V(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 JCI Matamoros Metals(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 JCI&#151;Lakewood Mechanisms(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Control Automotive Interiors Management (China) Co.,Ltd.(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Control Investment (China) Co., Ltd.(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls & Summit Interiors(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Automotive(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Automotive Holding(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Automotive Korea(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Automotive Ltd.(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Automotive NV(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Automotive SAS(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Automotive Mexico(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Automotive UK(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Brazil(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Components(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Components GmbH &Co.(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls do Brazil Automotive(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Dongsung Automotive, Inc.(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Fibrit(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls GmbH(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls GmbH & Co. KG Whilhel(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Hilchenbach(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Inc.(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Inc. Battle Creek(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 F-152 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

9 Related parties and related party transactions (Continued) 

 Relationship with the Group 

 Johnson Controls Inc. Matamoros(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Interiors GmbH(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls K.K.(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls K.K. (OPPAMA)(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls K.K. AYASE (Ayase)(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Matamoros(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Mezolak Kft(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Mor Bt.(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Ramos Metals Plant(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Schwalbach(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Siwmianowice SP.Z(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Johnson Controls Winchester(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Kinryo Kogyo Co., Ltd.(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 PT. APM Armada Autoparts(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 PT. Armada Johnson Controls(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 Tachi&#151;S Co., Ltd.(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 TATA Johnson Controls(iii) 
 
 Subsidiary of JCI 

 (i) The
related parties are collectively referred to as "Associates and Joint ventures".
 (ii) The
related parties are collectively referred to as "SAIC, its subsidiaries and joint ventures".
 (iii) The
related parties are collectively referred to as "JCI, its subsidiaries and joint ventures". 

 (3) Related
party transactions
 (a) Pricing
policies 

 The
Group's pricing on products sold to related parties and goods purchased from related parties is based on market price. 

 (b) Purchases
of goods 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 SAIC, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 6,040,834,033 

 4,237,372,070 

 2,526,628,588 

 Associates and Joint ventures 

 186,911,048 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 JCI, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 120,581,231 

 410,815,392 

 186,081,901 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 6,348,326,312 

 4,648,187,462 

 2,712,710,489 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-153 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

9 Related parties and related party transactions (Continued) 

 (c) Sales
of goods 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 SAIC, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 16,507,946,364 

 15,798,341,005 

 12,111,557,313 

 JCI, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 630,717,292 

 1,206,475,766 

 1,283,264,329 

 Associates and Joint ventures 

 177,185,654 

 46,748,588 

 129,475,005 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 17,315,849,310 

 17,051,565,359 

 13,524,296,647 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (d) Payments
for technical service fee 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 JCI, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 11,094,631 

 25,794,485 

 26,976,723 

 SAIC, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 &#151; 

 441,814 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 11,094,631 

 26,236,299 

 26,976,723 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (e) Increase/
(Decrease) on entrusted loans and cash pool 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 SAIC, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 300,000,000 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Associates and Joint ventures 

 (35,646,471 
 ) 
 
 646,471 

 50,000,000 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 264,353,529 

 646,471 

 50,000,000 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (f) Interest
income from entrusted loans and cash pool 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 SAIC, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 11,903,333 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Associates and Joint ventures 

 137,603 

 2,369,484 

 908,412 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 12,040,936 

 2,369,484 

 908,412 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (g) Transfer
of fixed assets 

 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 2014 
 
 2013 

 SAIC, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 &#151; 

 239,181,461 

 160,193,792 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-154 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

9 Related parties and related party transactions (Continued) 

 (4) Receivables
from and payables to related parties
 (a) Accounts
receivable 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 SAIC, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 3,535,400,441 

 2,476,788,674 

 1,597,371,464 

 JCI, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 254,272,885 

 282,348,127 

 313,403,578 

 Associates and Joint ventures 

 67,727,656 

 68,544,572 

 76,661,494 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 3,857,400,982 

 2,827,681,373 

 1,987,436,536 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (b) Advances
to suppliers 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 SAIC, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 2,700,000 

 2,700,000 

 2,700,000 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (c) Other
receivables 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 SAIC, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 40,933,096 

 213,200,582 

 165,259,624 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (d) Notes
receivable 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 SAIC, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 198,155,751 

 143,284,958 

 &#151; 

 Associates and Joint ventures 

 11,764,000 

 36,075,000 

 48,115,000 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 209,919,751 

 179,359,958 

 48,115,000 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-155 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

9 Related parties and related party transactions (Continued) 

 (e) Other
current assets 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 SAIC, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 300,000,000 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Associates and Joint ventures 

 15,000,000 

 &#151; 

 50,000,000 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 315,000,000 

 &#151; 

 50,000,000 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (f) Accounts
payable 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 SAIC, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 1,355,522,304 

 777,445,836 

 458,300,575 

 JCI, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 22,165,380 

 48,256,121 

 34,981,481 

 Associates and Joint ventures 

 76,470,959 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 1,454,158,643 

 825,701,957 

 493,282,056 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (g) Notes
payable 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 SAIC, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 21,133,578 

 36,513,000 

 84,290,000 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (h) Cash
at bank&#151;deposit in SAIC, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 SAIC, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 385,533,629 

 112,121,166 

 96,202,227 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-156 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

9 Related parties and related party transactions (Continued) 

 (5) Commitments
in relation to related parties 

 The
commitments in relation to related parties contracted for but not yet necessary to be recognised on the balance sheet by the Group as at the balance sheet date are as
follows: 

 (a) Lease

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 &#151;Lessee 

 SAIC, its subsidiaries and joint ventures 

 36,939,538 

 41,311,628 

 43,401,376 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

10 Commitments 

 (1) Capital
commitments 

 Capital
expenditures contracted for by the Group at the balance sheet date but are not yet necessary to be recognised on the balance sheet are as follows: 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Buildings, machinery and equipment 

 16,596,507 

 80,488,440 

 55,431,614 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (2) Operating
lease commitments 

 The
future minimum lease payments due under the signed irrevocable operating leases contracts are summarized as follows: 

 31 December 
2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 
2014 
 
 31 December 
2013 

 Within one year 

 132,460,943 

 131,592,517 

 98,047,259 

 Between 1 and 2 years 

 120,530,998 

 113,931,992 

 82,805,272 

 Between 2 and 3 years 

 114,024,576 

 105,257,607 

 73,339,670 

 Over 3 years 

 361,243,744 

 284,160,625 

 323,372,716 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 728,260,261 

 634,942,741 

 577,564,917 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

11 Financial risk 

 The Group's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (primarily including foreign currency risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The
Group's overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group's financial performance. 

 F-157 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

11 Financial risk (Continued) 

 (1) Market
risk
 (a) Foreign
exchange risk 

 The
Group's major operational activities are carried out in Mainland China and a majority of the transactions are denominated in RMB. The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk
arising from the recognised assets and liabilities, and future transactions denominated in foreign currencies, primarily with respect to US dollars. The Group's finance department at its headquarters
is responsible for monitoring the amount of assets and liabilities, and transactions denominated in foreign currencies to minimise the foreign exchange risk. Therefore, the Group may consider entering
into forward exchange contracts or currency swap contracts to mitigate the foreign exchange risk. During 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Group did not enter into any forward exchange contracts or currency
swap contracts. 

 As
at 31 December 2015, 2014 and 2013, the carrying amounts in RMB equivalent of the Group's assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are summarized below: 

 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 

 USD 
 
 Other 
 
 Total 

 Financial assets denominated in foreign currency&#151; 

 Cash at bank and on hand 

 43,742,685 

 21,370,564 

 65,113,249 

 Receivables 

 173,800,678 

 250,854,243 

 424,654,921 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 217,543,363 

 272,224,807 

 489,768,170 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Financial liabilities denominated in foreign currency&#151; 

 Payables 

 48,819,672 

 121,748,654 

 170,568,326 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2014 

 USD 
 
 Other 
 
 Total 

 Financial assets denominated in foreign currency&#151; 

 Cash at bank and on hand 

 53,521,080 

 24,670,080 

 78,191,160 

 Receivables 

 209,023,397 

 222,641,716 

 431,665,113 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 262,544,477 

 247,311,796 

 509,856,273 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Financial liabilities denominated in foreign currency&#151; 

 Payables 

 41,166,835 

 91,832,808 

 132,999,643 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-158 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

11 Financial risk (Continued) 

 31 December 2013 

 USD 
 
 Other 
 
 Total 

 Financial assets denominated in foreign currency&#151; 

 Cash at bank and on hand 

 147,260,468 

 55,503,843 

 202,764,311 

 Receivables 

 316,960,189 

 297,419,292 

 614,379,481 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 464,220,657 

 352,923,135 

 817,143,792 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Financial liabilities denominated in foreign currency&#151; 

 Short-term borrowings 

 211,900,500 

 &#151; 

 211,900,500 

 Payables 

 73,733,823 

 136,321,246 

 210,055,069 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 285,634,323 

 136,321,246 

 421,955,569 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 As
at 31 December 2015, 2014 and 2013, if USD had weakened/ strengthened by 10% against RMB while all other variables had been held constant, the Group's profit before tax for the
year would have been approximately RMB 16,872,369, RMB 22,137,764 and RMB 17,858,633 lower/higher for various financial assets and liabilities denominated in USD, respectively. 

 (b) Interest
rate risk 

 The
Group's interest rate risk mainly arises from long-term bank borrowings. Financial liabilities issued at floating rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Financial
liabilities issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk. The Company determines the relative proportions of its fixed rate and floating rate contracts depending on the
prevailing market conditions. As at 31 December 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company's long-term interest bearing borrowings were RMB-denominated with floating rates, amounting to RMB 13,505,000,
RMB 18,903,000 and RMB 24,301,000 (Note 7(19)). 

 The
Group's finance department at its headquarters continuously monitors the interest rate position of the Group. Increases in interest rates will increase the cost of new borrowing and
the interest expenses with respect to the Company's outstanding floating rate borrowings, and therefore could have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position. The management makes
adjustments timely with reference to the latest market conditions and may enter into interest rate swap agreements to mitigate its exposure to interest rate risk. During 2015, 2014 and 2013, the
Company did not enter into any interest rate swap agreements. 

 (2) Credit
risk 

 Credit
risk is managed on a Group basis. Credit risk mainly arises from cash at bank and on hand, accounts receivable, other receivables, notes receivable etc. 

 The
Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with cash at bank since they are deposited at state-owned banks and other medium or large size listed banks.
Management does not expect that there will be any significant losses from non-performance by these counterparties. 

 F-159 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

11 Financial risk (Continued) 

 In
addition, the Group has policies to limit the credit exposure on accounts receivable, other receivables and notes receivable. The Group assesses the credit quality of and sets credit
limits on its customers by taking into account their financial position, the availability of guarantee from third parties, their credit history and other factors such as current market conditions. The
credit history of the customers is regularly monitored by the Group. In respect of customers with a poor credit history, the Group will use written payment reminders, or shorten or cancel credit
periods, to ensure the overall credit risk of the Group is limited to a controllable extent. 

 (3) Liquidity
risk 

 Cash
flow forecasting is performed by each subsidiary of the Group and aggregated by the Group's finance department in its headquarters. The Group's finance department at its
headquarters monitors rolling forecasts of the Group's short-term and long-term liquidity requirements to ensure it has sufficient cash and securities that are readily convertible to cash to meet
operational needs, while maintaining sufficient headroom on its undrawn committed borrowing facilities from major financial institution so that the Group does not breach borrowing limits or covenants
on any of its borrowing facilities to meet the short-term and long-term liquidity requirements. 

 The
financial liabilities of the Group at the balance sheet date are analysed by their maturity date below at their undiscounted contractual cash flow: 

 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 

 Within 1 year 
 
 1 to 5 years 
 
 Over 5 years 
 
 Total 

 Financial liabilities&#151; 

 Short-term borrowings 

 75,000,000 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 75,000,000 

 Notes payable 

 457,179,867 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 457,179,867 

 Accounts payable 

 8,468,879,463 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 8,468,879,463 

 Interests payable 

 4,678,717 

 900,386 

 &#151; 

 5,579,103 

 Other payables 

 275,293,356 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 275,293,356 

 Long-term borrowings 

 5,398,000 

 13,505,000 

 &#151; 

 18,903,000 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 9,286,429,403 

 14,405,386 

 &#151; 

 9,300,834,789 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-160 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

11 Financial risk (Continued) 

 31 December 2014 

 Within 1 year 
 
 1 to 5 years 
 
 Over 5 years 
 
 Total 

 Financial liabilities&#151; 

 Short-term borrowings 

 100,000,000 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 100,000,000 

 Notes payable 

 441,557,489 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 441,557,489 

 Accounts payable 

 6,510,519,647 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 6,510,519,647 

 Interests payable 

 6,023,194 

 1,841,602 

 &#151; 

 7,864,796 

 Dividends payable 

 36,552,986 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 36,552,986 

 Other payables 

 299,474,754 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 299,474,754 

 Long-term borrowings 

 5,398,000 

 18,903,000 

 &#151; 

 24,301,000 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 7,399,526,070 

 20,744,602 

 &#151; 

 7,420,270,672 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 31 December 2013 

 Within 1 year 
 
 1 to 5 years 
 
 Over 5 years 
 
 Total 

 Financial liabilities&#151; 

 Short-term borrowings 

 299,300,500 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 299,300,500 

 Notes payable 

 459,996,380 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 459,996,380 

 Accounts payable 

 5,850,740,700 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 5,850,740,700 

 Interests payable 

 8,309,778 

 3,100,912 

 13,884 

 11,424,574 

 Dividends payable 

 9,000,000 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 9,000,000 

 Other payables 

 259,037,066 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 259,037,066 

 Long-term borrowings 

 2,699,000 

 21,592,000 

 2,709,000 

 27,000,000 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 6,889,083,424 

 24,692,912 

 2,722,884 

 6,916,499,220 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

12 Fair value estimates 

 (1) Financial
instruments not measured at fair value 

 Financial
assets and liabilities measured at amortized cost mainly include receivables, short-term borrowing and payables. 

 The
carrying amount of the financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. 

13 Capital management 

 The Group's capital management policies aim to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other
stakeholders, and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital. 

 F-161 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

13 Capital management (Continued) 

 In
order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, refund capital to shareholders or sell assets to reduce debts. 

14 Reconciliation to United States generally accepted accounting principles 

 The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises in the People's Republic of China ("PRC GAAP"), which differ in certain
respects from accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP"). The significant differences are described in the reconciliation tables below. Other
differences do not have a significant effect on either net profit or shareholders' equity. The effects of the significant adjustments to net profit for the years ended 31 December 2015 and 2014
which would be required if U.S. GAAP were to be applied instead of PRC GAAP are summarized as follows: 

 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 2014 

 Net profit under PRC GAAP 

 2,081,014,735 

 1,779,425,726 

 Adjustments: 

 Inventory impairment reversals(a) 

 618,444 

 525,473 

 Staff Welfare and Incentive Fund(b) 

 (4,356,968 
 ) 
 
 (6,822,052 
 ) 

 Tax effect of the reconciling items(c) 

 (92,767 
 ) 
 
 (78,821 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net profit under U.S. GAAP 

 2,077,183,444 

 1,773,050,326 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 The
effects of the significant adjustments to shareholders' equity for the years ended 31 December 2015 and 2014 which would be required if U.S. GAAP were to be applied
instead of PRC GAAP are summarized as follows: 

 31 December 2015 
(Unaudited) 
 
 31 December 2014 

 Shareholders' equity under PRC GAAP 

 3,924,801,104 

 3,523,307,561 

 Adjustments: 

 Inventory impairment reversals(a) 

 618,444 

 525,473 

 Staff Welfare and Incentive Fund(b) 

 277,256,403 

 236,466,741 

 Tax effect of the reconciling items(c) 

 (92,767 
 ) 
 
 (78,821 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Shareholders' equity under U.S. GAAP 

 4,202,583,184 

 3,760,220,954 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (a) Inventory
impairment reversals
 Under
PRC GAAP, reversals of inventory impairment charges (limited to the amounts of the original impairment) are required for subsequent
recoveries. Impairments and any subsequent reversals are included in a separate profit and loss line item&#151;"Asset impairment losses", which is outside of cost of goods sold. Under
U.S. GAAP, reversals of 
 
 F-162 

 Table of Contents 

SHANGHAI YANFENG JOHNSON CONTROLS SEATING CO., LTD. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015, 2014 AND 2013 (Continued) 

 (AMOUNTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2015 
ARE UNAUDITED) 

 (All amounts in RMB Yuan unless otherwise stated) 

14 Reconciliation to United States generally accepted accounting principles (Continued) 

 impairments
are prohibited, as a write-down of inventories to the lower of cost or market creates a new cost basis that subsequently cannot be reversed. 

 (b) Staff
Welfare and Incentive Fund
 In
accordance with the Law of the PRC on Chinese-foreign Equity Joint Ventures, the Company's Articles of Association, the Company appropriated
the Staff Welfare and Incentive Fund of net profit after setting off accumulated losses of previous year and before profit distributions to the investors. The Staff Welfare and Incentive Fund is
restricted to fund payments of special bonus to employees and for the collective welfare of employees. None of it is allowed to be transferred to the Company in terms of cash dividends, loans or
advances, nor can it be distributed except under liquidation.
 Under
PRC GAAP, appropriation of the Staff Welfare and Incentive Fund is a liability in nature and accounted for as a transfer from retained
earnings to Staff Welfare and Incentive Fund, a liability account. Subsequent payment is accounted for as a release of the Company's liability.
 Under
U.S. GAAP, appropriation to the Staff Welfare and Incentive Fund is accounted for as a transfer from retained earnings to the
statutory reserves. Subsequent payment is accounted for as expenses or assets based on the usage of the payment, and proportionate retained earnings and the statutory reserves are reversed
concurrently.
 (c) Tax
effect of the reconciling items
 The
applicable statutory tax rate used to calculate the tax effect of the reconciling items on the net profit reconciliation between PRC GAAP
and U.S. GAAP for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was 15%. 
 
 F-163 

 Table of Contents 

 Annex A&#151;List of Relevant Territories for the purposes of Irish Dividend Withholding Tax 

 1. Albania 
 
 37. Luxembourg 

 2. Armenia 
 
 38. Macedonia 

 3. Australia 
 
 39. Malaysia 

 4. Austria 
 
 40. Malta 

 5. Bahrain 
 
 41. Mexico 

 6. Belarus 
 
 42. Moldova 

 7. Belgium 
 
 43. Montenegro 

 8. Bosnia & Herzegovina 
 
 44. Morocco 

 9. Botswana 
 
 45. Netherlands 

 10. Bulgaria 
 
 46. New Zealand 

 11. Canada 
 
 47. Norway 

 12. Chile 
 
 48. Pakistan 

 13. China 
 
 49. Panama 

 14. Croatia 
 
 50. Poland 

 15. Cyprus 
 
 51. Portugal 

 16. Czech Republic 
 
 52. Qatar 

 17. Denmark 
 
 53. Romania 

 18. Egypt 
 
 54. Russia 

 19. Estonia 
 
 55. Saudi Arabia 

 20. Ethiopia 
 
 56. Serbia 

 21. Finland 
 
 57. Singapore 

 22. France 
 
 58. Slovak Republic 

 23. Georgia 
 
 59. Slovenia 

 24. Germany 
 
 60. South Africa 

 25. Greece 
 
 61. Spain 

 26. Hong Kong 
 
 62. Sweden 

 27. Hungary 
 
 63. Switzerland 

 28. Iceland 
 
 64. Thailand 

 29. India 
 
 65. Turkey 

 30. Israel 
 
 66. Ukraine 

 31. Italy 
 
 67. United Arab Emirates 

 32. Japan 
 
 68. United Kingdom 

 33. Korea 
 
 69. USA 

 34. Kuwait 
 
 70. Uzbekistan 

 35. Latvia 
 
 71. Vietnam 

 36. Lithuania 
 
 72. Zambia 

 A-1 

