 
 EX-99.1
 3
 c66359a2exv99w1.htm
 EX-99.1

 exv99w1 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 99.1 

 ,
 2011

 Dear Williams Stockholder:

 I am pleased to inform you that on November 30, 2011, the
 board of directors of The Williams Companies, Inc. approved the
 spin-off of our natural gas and oil exploration and production
 business as a separate, publicly traded company, which we have
 named WPX Energy, Inc. Upon completion of the spin-off, Williams
 stockholders will own 100% of the outstanding shares of common
 stock of WPX. We believe that this separation of WPX to form a
 new, independent, publicly traded company is in the best
 interests of Williams, its stockholders and WPX.

 The spin-off will be completed by way of a pro rata distribution
 on December 31, 2011, of WPX common stock to our
 stockholders of record as of the close of business on
 December 14, 2011, the spin-off record date. Each Williams
 stockholder will receive one share of WPX common stock for
 every three shares of Williams common stock held by such
 stockholder on the record date. The distribution of these shares
 will be made in book-entry form, which means that no physical
 share certificates will be issued. Following the spin-off,
 stockholders may request that their shares of WPX common stock
 be transferred to a brokerage or other account at any time. No
 fractional shares of WPX common stock will be issued. If you
 would otherwise have been entitled to a fractional common share
 in the distribution, you will receive the net cash proceeds of
 the sale of such fractional share instead.

 The spin-off is subject to certain customary conditions.
 Stockholder approval of the distribution is not required, nor
 are you required to take any action to receive your shares of
 WPX common stock.

 Immediately following the spin-off, you will own common stock in
 Williams and WPX. Williams&#146; common stock will continue to
 trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol
 &#147;WMB.&#148; WPX&#146;s common stock is expected to be
 traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol
 &#147;WPX.&#148;

 We expect the spin-off to be tax-free to the stockholders of
 Williams, except with respect to any cash received in lieu of
 fractional shares. The spin-off is conditioned on the receipt of
 an opinion of counsel, which we have received, confirming that
 the spin-off will not result in the recognition, for
 U.S. federal income tax purposes, of income, gain or loss
 to Williams or its stockholders, except to the extent of cash
 received in lieu of fractional shares.

 The enclosed information statement, which is being mailed to all
 Williams stockholders, describes the spin-off in detail and
 contains important information about WPX, including its
 consolidated financial statements. We urge you to read this
 information statement carefully.

 I want to thank you for your continued support of Williams. We
 look forward to your support of WPX in the future.

 Yours sincerely,

 Alan Armstrong 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 The Williams Companies, Inc.

 Table of Contents 

 ,
 2011

 Dear WPX Energy, Inc. Stockholder:

 It is our pleasure to welcome you as a stockholder of our
 company, WPX Energy, Inc. We are a natural gas and oil
 exploration and production business engaged in the exploitation
 and development of long-life unconventional properties.

 As an independent, publicly traded company, we believe we can
 more effectively focus on our objectives and satisfy the capital
 needs of our company, and thus bring more value to you as a
 stockholder than we could as an operating segment of Williams.

 We expect to have WPX common stock listed on the New York Stock
 Exchange under the symbol &#147;WPX&#148; in connection with the
 distribution of WPX common stock by Williams.

 We invite you to learn more about WPX and our subsidiaries by
 reviewing the enclosed information statement. We look forward to
 our future as an independent, publicly traded company and to
 your support as a holder of WPX common stock.

 Very truly yours,

 Ralph A. Hill 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 WPX Energy, Inc.

 Table of Contents 

 Information
contained herein is subject to completion or amendment. A
Registration Statement on Form 10 relating to these
securities has been filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. 

 SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED
 DECEMBER 1, 2011 

 INFORMATION
 STATEMENT 

 WPX Energy, Inc. 

 One Williams Center 
 Tulsa, Oklahoma
 74172-0172 

 Common Stock 

 (par value $1.00 per share)

 This information statement is being sent to you in connection
 with the separation of WPX Energy, Inc. (&#147;WPX&#148;) from
 The Williams Companies, Inc. (&#147;Williams&#148;), following
 which WPX will be an independent, publicly traded company. As
 part of the separation, Williams will distribute all of the
 shares of WPX common stock on a pro rata basis to the holders of
 Williams&#146; common stock. We refer to this pro rata
 distribution as the &#147;distribution&#148; and we refer to the
 separation, including the restructuring transactions (which will
 precede the separation) and the distribution, as the
 &#147;spin-off.&#148; We expect that the spin-off will be
 tax-free to Williams stockholders for U.S. federal income
 tax purposes, except to the extent of cash received in lieu of
 fractional shares. Each Williams stockholder will receive
 one share of WPX common stock for every three shares
 of Williams common stock held by such stockholder as of the
 close of business on December 14, 2011, the record date for
 the distribution. The distribution of shares will be made in
 book-entry form. Williams will not distribute any fractional
 shares of WPX common stock. Instead, the distribution agent will
 aggregate fractional shares into whole shares, sell the whole
 shares in the open market at prevailing market prices and
 distribute the aggregate net cash proceeds from the sales pro
 rata to each holder who would otherwise have been entitled to
 receive a fractional share in the spin-off. See &#147;The
 Spin-Off&#151;Treatment of Fractional Shares.&#148; As discussed
 under &#147;The Spin-Off&#151;Trading Prior to the Distribution
 Date,&#148; if you sell your common shares of Williams in the
 &#147;regular-way&#148; market after the record date and before
 the distribution date, you also will be selling your right to
 receive shares of our common stock in connection with the
 separation. The distribution will be effective as of 11:59 p.m,
 Eastern time, on December 31, 2011. Immediately after the
 distribution becomes effective, we will be an independent,
 publicly traded company.

 No vote or further action of Williams stockholders is
 required in connection with the spin-off. We are not asking you
 for a proxy. Williams stockholders will not be required to
 pay any consideration for the shares of WPX common stock they
 receive in the spin-off, and they will not be required to
 surrender or exchange shares of their Williams common stock or
 take any other action in connection with the spin-off.

 All of the outstanding shares of WPX common stock are currently
 owned by Williams. Accordingly, there is no current trading
 market for WPX common stock. We expect, however, that a limited
 trading market for WPX common stock, commonly known as a
 &#147;when-issued&#148; trading market, will develop on or
 shortly before the record date for the distribution, and we
 expect &#147;regular-way&#148; trading of WPX common stock will
 begin the first trading day after the distribution date. We
 intend to list WPX common stock on the New York Stock Exchange
 under the ticker symbol &#147;WPX.&#148;

 In reviewing this information statement, you should carefully
 consider the matters described in &#147;Risk Factors&#148;
 beginning on page 22 of this information statement. 

 Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state
 securities commission has approved or disapproved these
 securities or determined if this information statement is
 truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a
 criminal offense. 

 This information statement is not an offer to sell, or a
 solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities. 

 The date of this information statement
 is ,
 2011.

 This information statement was first mailed to Williams
 stockholders on or
 about ,
 2011.

 TABLE OF
 CONTENTS 

 Page 

 Certain Definitions 

 iii 

 Summary 

 1 

 Risk Factors 

 22 

 Forward-Looking Statements 

 46 

 The Spin-Off 

 48 

 Trading Market 

 58 

 Dividend Policy 

 60 

 Capitalization 

 61 

 Selected Historical Combined Financial Data 

 62 

 Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 64 

 Business 

 89 

 Management 

 121 

 Executive Compensation 

 130 

 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
 and Management 

 163 

 Arrangements Between Williams and Our Company 

 165 

 Other Related Party Transactions 

 171 

 Description of Material Indebtedness 

 174 

 Description of Capital Stock 

 176 

 Where You Can Find More Information 

 181 

 Index to Financial Statements, Supplementary Data
 and Schedule 

 F-1 

 This information statement is being furnished solely to
 provide information to Williams stockholders who will receive
 shares of WPX common stock in connection with the spin-off. It
 is not provided as an inducement or encouragement to buy or sell
 any securities. You should not assume that the information
 contained in this information statement is accurate as of any
 date other than the date set forth on the cover. Changes to the
 information contained in this information statement may occur
 after that date, and we undertake no obligation to update the
 information contained in this information statement, unless we
 are required by applicable securities laws to do so. 

 ii

 Table of Contents 

 CERTAIN
 DEFINITIONS 

 The following oil and gas measurements and industry and other
 terms are used in this information statement. As used herein,
 production volumes represent sales volumes, unless otherwise
 indicated.

 Bakken Shale &#151;means the Bakken Shale oil play in the
 Williston Basin and can include the Upper Three Forks formation.

 Barrel &#151;means one barrel of petroleum products that
 equals 42 U.S. gallons.

 BBtu &#151;means one billion BTUs.

 BBtu/d &#151;means one billion BTUs per day.

 Bcfe &#151;means one billion cubic feet of gas equivalent
 determined using the ratio of one barrel of oil or condensate to
 six thousand cubic feet of natural gas.

 Bcf/d &#151;means one billion cubic feet per day.

 Boe &#151;means barrels of oil equivalent.

 Boe/d &#151;means barrels of oil equivalent per day.

 British Thermal Unit or BTU &#151;means a unit of energy
 needed to raise the temperature of one pound of water by one
 degree Fahrenheit.

 FERC &#151;means the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.

 Fractionation &#151;means the process by which a mixed
 stream of natural gas liquids is separated into its constituent
 products, such as ethane, propane and butane.

 LOE &#151;means lease and other operating expense
 excluding production taxes, ad valorem taxes and gathering,
 processing and transportation fees.

 Mbbls &#151;means one thousand barrels.

 Mboe/d &#151;means thousand barrels of oil equivalent per
 day.

 Mcf &#151;means one thousand cubic feet.

 Mcfe &#151;means one thousand cubic feet of gas equivalent
 using the ratio of one barrel of oil or condensate to six
 thousand cubic feet of natural gas.

 MMbbls &#151;means one million barrels.

 MMboe &#151;means one million barrels of oil equivalent.

 MMBtu &#151;means one million BTUs.

 MMBtu/d &#151;means one million BTUs per day.

 MMcf &#151;means one million cubic feet.

 MMcf/d &#151;means
 one million cubic feet per day.

 MMcfe &#151;means one million cubic feet of gas equivalent
 using the ratio of one barrel of oil or condensate to six
 thousand cubic feet of natural gas.

 MMcfe/d &#151;means one million cubic feet of gas
 equivalent per day using the ratio of one barrel of oil or
 condensate to six thousand cubic feet of natural gas.

 NGLs &#151;means natural gas liquids; natural gas liquids
 result from natural gas processing and crude oil refining and
 are used as petrochemical feedstocks, heating fuels and gasoline
 additives, among other applications.

 iii

 Table of Contents 

 SUMMARY 

 This summary highlights information contained in this
 information statement and provides an overview of our company,
 our separation from Williams and the distribution of WPX common
 stock by Williams to its stockholders. You should read this
 entire information statement carefully, including the risks
 discussed under &#147;Risk Factors&#148; and the financial
 statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this
 information statement. Some of the statements in this summary
 constitute forward-looking statements. See &#147;Forward-Looking
 Statements.&#148; 

 Except where the context otherwise requires or where
 otherwise indicated, (1) all references to
 &#147;Williams&#148; refer to The Williams Companies, Inc., our
 parent company, and its subsidiaries, other than us, and
 (2) all references to &#147;WPX Energy,&#148;
 &#147;WPX,&#148; the &#147;Company,&#148; &#147;we,&#148;
 &#147;us&#148; and &#147;our&#148; refer to WPX Energy, Inc. and
 its subsidiaries. Except as otherwise indicated or unless the
 context otherwise requires, the information included in this
 information statement assumes the completion of the
 restructuring transactions. 

 Overview 

 We are currently a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Williams
 Companies, Inc., an integrated energy company with 2010
 consolidated revenues in excess of $9 billion that trades
 on the New York Stock Exchange (&#147;NYSE&#148;) under the
 symbol &#147;WMB.&#148; We were formed in April 2011 to hold
 Williams&#146; natural gas and oil exploration and production
 business and to effect the spin-off. Following the spin-off, we
 will be an independent, publicly traded company. Williams will
 not retain any ownership interest in our company.

 We are an independent natural gas and oil exploration and
 production company engaged in the exploitation and development
 of long-life unconventional properties. We are focused on
 profitably exploiting our significant natural gas reserve base
 and related NGLs in the Piceance Basin of the Rocky Mountain
 region, and on developing and growing our positions in the
 Bakken Shale oil play in North Dakota and the Marcellus Shale
 natural gas play in Pennsylvania. Our other areas of domestic
 operations include the Powder River Basin in Wyoming and the
 San Juan Basin in the southwestern United States. In
 addition, we own a 69 percent controlling ownership
 interest in Apco Oil and Gas International Inc.
 (&#147;Apco&#148;), which holds oil and gas concessions in
 Argentina and Colombia and trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market
 under the symbol &#147;APAGF.&#148;

 We have built a geographically diverse portfolio of natural gas
 and oil reserves through organic development and strategic
 acquisitions. For the five years ended December 31, 2010,
 we have grown production at a compound annual growth rate of
 12 percent. As of December 31, 2010, our proved
 reserves were 4,473 Bcfe, 59 percent of which were
 proved developed reserves. Average daily production for the
 month of October 2011 was 1,308 MMcfe/d. Our Piceance Basin
 operations form the majority of our proved reserves and current
 production, providing a low-cost, scalable asset base.

 The following table provides summary data for each of our
 primary areas of operation as of December 31, 2010, unless
 otherwise noted.

 Estimated Net 

 October 2011 

 2011 Budget Estimate 

 Proved Reserves 

 Average Daily 

 Drilling 

 % Proved 

 Net Production 

 Capital(2) 

 PV-10(3) 

 Basin/Shale 

 Bcfe 

 Developed 

 (MMcfe/d)(1) 

 Net Acreage 

 Gross Wells 

 (Millions) 

 (Millions) 

 Piceance Basin

 2,927

 53

 %

 745

 211,000

 376

 $

 575

 $

 2,707

 Bakken Shale(4)

 136

 11

 %

 41

 89,420

 41

 260

 399

 Marcellus Shale(5)

 28

 71

 %

 19

 99,301

 62

 170

 29

 Powder River Basin

 348

 75

 %

 231

 425,550

 411

 70

 317

 San Juan Basin

 554

 79

 %

 137

 120,998

 51

 40

 477

 Apco(6)

 190

 60

 %

 54

 404,304

 37

 30

 358

 Other(7)

 290

 72

 %

 81

 327,390

 94

 85

 257

 Total

 4,473

 59

 %

 1,308

 1,677,963

 1,072

 $

 1,230

 $

 4,544

 1

 Table of Contents 

 (1) 

 Represents average daily net production of our continuing
 operations for the month of October 2011. 

 (2) 

 Based on the midpoint of our estimated capital spending range. 

 (3) 

 PV-10 is a
 non-GAAP financial measure and generally differs from
 Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows
 (&#147;Standardized Measure&#148;), the most directly comparable
 GAAP financial measure, because it does not include the effects
 of income taxes on future net revenues. Neither
 PV-10 nor
 Standardized Measure represents an estimate of the fair market
 value of our oil and natural gas assets. We and others in the
 industry use
 PV-10 as a
 measure to compare the relative size and value of proved
 reserves held by companies without regard to the specific tax
 characteristics of such entities. For a definition of
 PV-10 and a
 reconciliation of
 PV-10 to
 Standardized Measure, see &#147;&#151;Summary Combined
 Historical Operating and Reserve
 Data&#151;Non-GAAP Financial Measures and
 Reconciliations&#148; below. 

 (4) 

 Our estimated net proved reserves in the Bakken Shale have not
 been audited by independent reserve engineers. 

 (5) 

 Approximately 21 percent of our undeveloped net acres in
 the Marcellus Shale are located in Columbia County. During the
 nine months ended September 30, 2011, we recorded a
 $50 million write-off of leasehold costs associated with
 approximately 65 percent of our Columbia County acreage
 that we no longer plan to develop. 

 (6) 

 Represents approximately 69 percent of each metric (which
 corresponds to our ownership interest in Apco) except Percent
 Proved Developed, Gross Wells and Drilling Capital. 

 (7) 

 Other includes Barnett Shale, Arkoma and Green River Basins and
 miscellaneous smaller properties. October 2011 average daily net
 production excludes Arkoma production of approximately nine
 MMcfe/d as our Arkoma Basin operations were classified as held
 for sale and reported as discontinued operations as of
 September 30, 2011. 

 In addition to our exploration and development activities, we
 engage in natural gas sales and marketing. See
 &#147;Business&#151;Gas Management.&#148;

 Bakken
 Shale and Marcellus Shale Acquisitions 

 An important part of our strategy to grow our business and
 enhance shareholder value is to acquire properties complementary
 to our existing positions as well as undeveloped acreage with
 significant resource potential in new geographic areas. Our
 management team applies a disciplined approach to making
 acquisitions and evaluates potential acquisitions of oil and gas
 properties based on three key criteria: (i) a location in
 the core of a large, unconventional resource area, (ii) the
 availability of contiguous, scalable acreage positions and
 (iii) the ability to replicate our cost-efficient model. In
 2010, we invested approximately $1.7 billion on properties
 in the Bakken Shale and Marcellus Shale that met these criteria.
 Approximately 35 percent of our 2011 drilling capital
 budget will be dedicated to our Bakken Shale and Marcellus Shale
 properties, and our management currently expects approximately
 47 percent of our 2012 drilling expenditures to be
 dedicated to properties in these regions.

 Bakken
 Shale 

 We have acquired 89,420 net acres in the Williston Basin in
 North Dakota that is prospective for oil in the Bakken Shale. We
 acquired substantially all of this acreage in December 2010
 through the acquisition of Dakota-3 E&#038;P Company LLC for
 $949 million in cash. Our entry into the Bakken Shale oil
 play is part of our strategy to diversify our commodity exposure
 through the addition of oil and liquids-rich development
 opportunities to our portfolio.

 We currently have four rigs operating on our Bakken Shale
 acreage, with a fifth rig expected to be active in the fourth
 quarter of 2011. We have contracted for a sixth rig, which we
 expect to be operating by mid 2012 and to have approximately
 half of all related drilling permits in place by the end of
 2011. Since acquiring this acreage, we have drilled
 16 operated wells on our Bakken Shale properties,
 15 Middle Bakken formation wells and one Three Forks
 formation well. There have been 20 wells completed and
 connected to sales, with initial 30 day production rates
 ranging from 600 Boe/d to
 1,300 Boe/d. 

 2

 Table of Contents 

 Marcellus
 Shale 

 Our 99,301 net acres as of December 31, 2010 in the
 Marcellus Shale were acquired through two key transactions and
 additional leasing activities. In June 2009, we entered into a
 drill to earn agreement with Rex Energy Corporation in
 Pennsylvania&#146;s Westmoreland, Clearfield and Centre
 Counties. We have acquired and operate approximately
 22,000 net acres pursuant to such agreement. Following this
 initial venture, in July 2010, we acquired 42,000 net acres
 primarily located in Susquehanna County in northeastern
 Pennsylvania for $599 million. In addition, during 2010 we
 spent a total of $164 million to acquire additional
 unproved leasehold acreage positions in the Marcellus Shale.
 During the nine months ended September 2011, we recorded a
 $50 million write-off of leasehold costs associated with
 approximately 65 percent of our total Columbia County
 acreage that we no longer plan to develop. Our total Columbia
 County acreage represents 21 percent of our total
 undeveloped acreage in the Marcellus Shale. See
 &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations&#151;Overview of the nine
 months ended September 30, 2011 and 2010&#148; for further
 discussion of the Columbia County acreage.

 Currently, we have four rigs operating in the Marcellus Shale.
 We expect to increase our level of drilling activity to six to
 seven rigs by the end of 2012 and continue to increase drilling
 activity thereafter, subject to permitting, rig availability and
 the then prevailing commodity price environment.

 Our
 Business Strategy 

 Our business strategy is to increase shareholder value by
 finding and developing reserves and producing natural gas, oil
 and NGLs at costs that generate an attractive rate of return on
 our investment.

 &#149; 

 Efficiently Allocate Capital for Optimal Portfolio
 Returns . We expect to allocate capital to the
 most profitable opportunities in our portfolio based on
 commodity price cycles and other market conditions, enabling us
 to continue to grow our reserves and production in a manner that
 maximizes our return on investment. In determining which
 drilling opportunities to pursue, we target a minimum after-tax
 internal rate of return on each operated well we drill of
 15 percent. While we have a significant portfolio of
 drilling opportunities that we believe meet or exceed our return
 targets even in challenging commodity price environments, we are
 disciplined in our approach to capital spending and will adjust
 our drilling capital expenditures based on our level of expected
 cash flows, access to capital and overall liquidity position.
 For example, in 2009 we demonstrated our capital discipline by
 reducing drilling expenditures in response to prevailing
 commodity prices and their impact on these factors.

 &#149; 

 Continue Our Cost-Efficient Development
 Approach. We focus on developing properties where
 we can apply development practices that result in cost
 efficiencies. We manage costs by focusing on establishing large
 scale, contiguous acreage blocks where we can operate a majority
 of the properties. We believe this strategy allows us to better
 achieve economies of scale and apply continuous technological
 improvements in our operations. We intend to replicate these
 cost-efficient approaches in our recently acquired growth
 positions in the Bakken Shale and the Marcellus Shale.

 &#149; 

 Pursue Strategic Acquisitions with Significant Resource
 Potential . We have a history of acquiring
 undeveloped properties that meet our disciplined return
 requirements and other acquisition criteria to expand upon our
 existing positions as well as acquiring undeveloped acreage in
 new geographic areas that offer significant resource potential.
 This is illustrated by our recent acquisitions in the Bakken
 Shale and the Marcellus Shale. We seek to continue expansion of
 current acreage positions and opportunistically acquire acreage
 positions in new areas where we feel we can establish
 significant scale and replicate our cost-efficient development
 approach.

 &#149; 

 Target a More Balanced Commodity Mix in Our Production
 Profile . With our Bakken Shale acquisition in
 December 2010 and our liquids-rich Piceance Basin assets, we
 have a significant drilling inventory of oil- and liquids-rich
 opportunities that we intend to develop rapidly in order to
 achieve a more balanced commodity mix in our production. We
 refer to the Piceance Basin as &#147;liquids-rich&#148; because
 our proved reserves in that basin consist of &#147;wet,&#148; as
 opposed to &#147;dry,&#148; gas and have a significant liquids
 component. Our current estimated proved reserves of NGLs and
 condensate

 3

 Table of Contents 

 in the Piceance Basin are 95 MMbbl and 3 MMbbl,
 respectively. We will continue to pursue other oil- and
 liquids-rich organic development and acquisition opportunities
 that meet our investment returns and strategic criteria.

 &#149; 

 Maintain Substantial Financial Liquidity and Manage Commodity
 Price Sensitivity . We plan to conservatively
 manage our balance sheet and maintain substantial liquidity
 through a mix of cash on hand and availability under our credit
 facility. In addition, we have engaged and will continue to
 engage in commodity hedging activities to maintain a degree of
 cash flow stability. Typically, we target hedging approximately
 50 percent of expected revenue from domestic production
 during a current calendar year in order to strike an appropriate
 balance of commodity price upside with cash flow protection,
 although we may vary from this level based on our perceptions of
 market risk. At October 31, 2011, our estimated domestic
 natural gas production revenues were 67 percent hedged for
 2011 and 48 percent hedged for 2012. Estimated domestic oil
 production revenues were 48 percent hedged for 2011 and
 49 percent hedged for 2012 as of the same date.

 Our
 Competitive Strengths 

 We have a number of competitive strengths that we believe will
 help us to successfully execute our business strategies:

 &#149; 

 A Leading Piceance Basin Cost Structure. We
 have a large position in the lower cost valley area of the
 Piceance Basin, which we believe provides us economies
 associated with lower elevation drilling and large contiguous
 operations, allowing us to continuously drive down operating
 costs and increase efficiencies. The existing substantial
 midstream infrastructure in the Piceance Basin contributes to
 our cost-efficient structure and provides take-away capacity for
 our natural gas and NGLs. Because of this cost-efficient
 structure in the Piceance Basin, we have the ability to generate
 returns that we believe are in excess of those typically
 associated with Rockies producers.

 &#149; 

 Attractive Asset Base Across a Number of High Growth
 Areas . In addition to our large scale Piceance
 Basin properties, our assets include emerging, high growth
 opportunities such as our Bakken Shale and Marcellus Shale
 positions. Based on our subsurface geological and engineering
 analysis of available well data, we believe our Bakken Shale and
 Marcellus Shale positions are located in core areas of these
 plays, which have associated historic drilling results that we
 believe offer highly attractive economic returns.

 &#149; 

 Extensive Drilling Inventory. As of
 December 31, 2010, we have identified approximately
 2,900 proved undeveloped drilling locations. We have
 budgeted drilling approximately 500 gross operated wells
 during 2011. We have established significant scale in each of
 our core areas of operation that support multi-year development
 plans and allow us to optimally leverage our cost-efficient
 development approach. Our drilling inventory provides
 opportunities across diverse geographic markets and products
 including natural gas, oil and NGLs.

 &#149; 

 Significant Operating Flexibility. In the
 Piceance Basin, Bakken Shale and Marcellus Shale, our three
 primary basins, we operate substantially all of our production.
 We expect approximately 91 percent of our projected 2011
 domestic drilling capital will be spent on projects we operate.
 We believe acting as operator on our properties allows us to
 better control costs and capital expenditures, manage
 efficiencies, optimize development pace, ensure safety and
 environmental stewardship and, ultimately, maximize our return
 on investment. As operator, we are also able to leverage our
 experience and expertise across all basins and transfer
 technology advances between them as applicable. In addition,
 substantially all of our Piceance Basin properties are held by
 producing wells, which allows us to adjust our level of drilling
 activity in response to changing market conditions.

 &#149; 

 Significant Financial Flexibility. Our capital
 structure is intended to provide a high degree of financial
 flexibility to grow our asset base, both through organic
 projects and opportunistic acquisitions. We retained
 $500 million of the net proceeds of our issuance of debt
 securities in November 2011 and have a $1.5 billion
 senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the &#147;Credit
 Facility&#148;), although our future borrowing capacity under
 the Credit Facility will be reduced by letters

 4

 Table of Contents 

 of credit issued under that facility and is subject to debt
 ratio tests. See &#147;Description of Material
 Indebtedness.&#148; We believe our level of debt to proved
 reserves is low relative to a majority of other publicly traded,
 independent oil and gas producers.

 &#149; 

 Management Team with Broad Unconventional Resource
 Experience . Our management and operating team has
 significant experience acquiring, operating and developing
 natural gas and oil reserves from tight-sands and shale
 formations. Our Chief Executive Officer and his direct reports
 have in excess of 238 collective years of experience running
 large scale drilling programs and drilling vertical and
 horizontal wells requiring complex well design and completion
 methods. Our team has demonstrated the ability to manage large
 scale operations and apply current technological successes to
 new development opportunities. We have deployed members of our
 successful Piceance Basin, Powder River Basin and Barnett Shale
 teams to the Bakken Shale and Marcellus Shale teams to help
 replicate our cost-efficient model and to apply our highly
 specialized technical expertise in the development of those
 resources.

 Other
 Information 

 WPX was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in
 April 2011. Our principal executive offices are located at One
 Williams Center, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74172. Our telephone number is
 (800) 945-5426. Our website address is www.wpxenergy.com.
 Information contained on our website is not incorporated by
 reference into this information statement or the registration
 statement on Form 10 of which this information statement is
 a part, and you should not consider information on our website
 as part of this information statement or such registration
 statement on Form 10.

 The
 Spin-Off 

 On November 30, 2011, Williams approved the spin-off of WPX
 from Williams, following which we will be an independent,
 publicly owned company. As part of the spin-off, Williams has
 contributed to our capital all intercompany debt associated with
 our business, and will contribute and transfer to us the assets
 and liabilities associated with our business, and we will amend
 and restate our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. These
 transactions are collectively referred to as our
 &#147;restructuring transactions&#148; throughout this
 information statement.

 We currently depend on Williams for a number of administrative
 functions. Prior to the completion of the spin-off, we will
 enter into agreements with Williams related to the separation of
 our business operations from Williams. These agreements will be
 in effect as of the completion of the spin-off and will govern
 various ongoing relationships between Williams and us, including
 the extent and manner of our dependence on Williams for
 administrative services following the completion of the
 spin-off. Under the terms of these agreements, we are entitled
 to the ongoing assistance of Williams only for a limited period
 of time following the spin-off. For more information regarding
 these agreements, see &#147;Arrangements Between Williams and
 Our Company&#148; and the historical combined financial
 statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this
 information statement. All of the agreements relating to our
 separation from Williams will be made in the context of a
 parent-subsidiary relationship and will be entered into in the
 overall context of our separation from Williams. The terms of
 these agreements may be more or less favorable to us than if
 they had been negotiated with unaffiliated third parties. See
 &#147;Risk Factors&#151;Risks Related to the Spin-Off&#151;Our
 agreements with Williams require us to assume the past, present,
 and future liabilities related to our business and may be less
 favorable to us than if they had been negotiated with
 unaffiliated third parties.&#148;

 The distribution of WPX common stock as described in this
 information statement is subject to the satisfaction or waiver
 of certain conditions. In addition, Williams has the right not
 to complete the spin-off if, at any time prior to the
 distribution, the board of directors of Williams determines, in
 its sole discretion, that the spin-off is not in the best
 interests of Williams or its stockholders or that market
 conditions are such that it is not advisable to separate WPX
 from Williams. See &#147;The Spin-Off&#151;Conditions to the
 Spin-Off.&#148;

 5

 Table of Contents 

 Risk
 Factors 

 We face both general and specific risks and uncertainties
 relating to our business and our being an independent, publicly
 owned company. We also are subject to risks related to the
 spin-off. You should carefully read &#147;Risk Factors&#148;
 beginning on page 22 of this information statement. In
 particular:

 &#149; 

 Our business requires significant capital expenditures and we
 may be unable to obtain needed capital or financing on
 satisfactory terms or at all.

 &#149; 

 Failure to replace reserves may negatively affect our business.

 &#149; 

 Exploration and development drilling may not result in
 commercially productive reserves.

 &#149; 

 Estimating reserves and future net revenues involves
 uncertainties. Decreases in natural gas and oil prices, or
 negative revisions to reserve estimates or assumptions as to
 future natural gas and oil prices may lead to decreased
 earnings, losses or impairment of natural gas and oil assets.

 &#149; 

 Prices for natural gas, oil and NGLs are volatile, and this
 volatility could adversely affect our financial results, cash
 flows, access to capital and ability to maintain our existing
 business.

 &#149; 

 Our business depends on access to natural gas, oil and NGL
 transportation systems and facilities.

 &#149; 

 Our risk management and measurement systems and hedging
 activities might not be effective and could increase the
 volatility of our results.

 &#149; 

 Our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen
 interruptions for which they may not be adequately insured.

 &#149; 

 Our operations are subject to governmental laws and regulations
 relating to the protection of the environment, including with
 respect to hydraulic fracturing, which may expose us to
 significant costs and liabilities and could exceed current
 expectations.

 &#149; 

 Certain of our properties, including our operations in the
 Bakken Shale, are located on Native American tribal lands and
 are subject to various federal and tribal approvals and
 regulations, which may increase our costs and delay or prevent
 our efforts to conduct planned operations.

 &#149; 

 Our acquisition attempts may not be successful or may result in
 completed acquisitions that do not perform as anticipated.

 &#149; 

 Our historical and pro forma combined financial information may
 not be representative of the results we would have achieved as a
 stand-alone public company and may not be a reliable indicator
 of our future results.

 Questions
 and Answers about the Spin-off 

 The following provides only a summary of the terms of the
 spin-off. For a more detailed description of the matters
 described below, see &#147;The Spin-Off.&#148;

 Q: 

 What is the spin-off? 

 A: 

 The spin-off is the method by which WPX will separate from
 Williams. To complete the spin-off, Williams will distribute to
 its stockholders all of the shares of WPX common stock.
 Following the spin-off, WPX will be a separate company from
 Williams, and Williams will not retain any ownership interest in
 WPX. The number of shares of Williams common stock you own will
 not change as a result of the spin-off. 

 Q: 

 What will I receive in the spin-off? 

 A: 

 As a holder of Williams stock, you will retain your Williams
 shares and will receive one share of WPX common stock for
 every three shares of Williams common stock you hold as of
 the record date. Your proportionate interest in Williams will
 not change as a result of the spin-off. For a more detailed
 description, see &#147;The Spin-Off.&#148; 

 6

 Table of Contents 

 Q: 

 What is WPX? 

 A: 

 WPX is currently a wholly-owned subsidiary of Williams whose
 shares will be distributed to Williams stockholders if the
 spin-off is completed. After the spin-off is completed, WPX will
 be a public company and will own and operate the natural gas and
 oil exploration and production business that was formerly a part
 of Williams. That business is referred to as the
 &#147;exploration and production business&#148; throughout this
 information statement. 

 Q: 

 When is the record date for the distribution? 

 A: 

 The record date will be the close of business of the NYSE on
 December 14, 2011. 

 Q: 

 When will the distribution occur? 

 A: 

 The distribution date of the spin-off is December 31, 2011.
 WPX expects that it will take the distribution agent, acting on
 behalf of Williams, one to two weeks after the distribution date
 to fully distribute the shares of WPX common stock to Williams
 stockholders. The ability to trade WPX shares will not be
 affected during that time. 

 Q: 

 What are the reasons for and benefits of separating WPX from
 Williams? 

 A: 

 The separation of WPX from Williams and the distribution of WPX
 common stock are intended to provide you with equity investments
 in two separate companies that will be able to focus on each of
 their respective businesses. For a more detailed discussion of
 the reasons for and benefits of the spin-off, see &#147;The
 Spin-Off&#151;Reasons for the Spin-Off.&#148; 

 Q: 

 Why is the separation of WPX structured as a spin-off as
 opposed to a sale? 

 A: 

 Williams believes that a tax-free distribution of WPX common
 stock is an efficient way to separate WPX from Williams in a
 manner that will improve flexibility, benefit both Williams and
 the exploration and production business and create long-term
 value for stockholders of both Williams and WPX. 

 Q: 

 What is being distributed in the spin-off? 

 A: 

 Approximately 197 million shares of WPX common stock will
 be distributed in the spin-off, based on the number of shares of
 Williams common stock expected to be outstanding as of the
 record date. The actual number of shares of WPX common stock to
 be distributed will be calculated on December 14, 2011, the
 record date. The shares of WPX common stock to be distributed by
 Williams will constitute all of the issued and outstanding
 shares of WPX common stock immediately prior to the
 distribution. For more information on the shares being
 distributed in the spin-off, see &#147;Description of Capital
 Stock&#151;Common Stock.&#148; 

 Q: 

 How will options and other equity-based compensation awards
 held by WPX employees be affected as a result of the
 spin-off? 

 A: 

 Williams&#146; Compensation Committee has determined that all
 outstanding Williams equity-based compensation awards, whether
 vested or unvested, other than outstanding options issued prior
 to January 1, 2006 (the &#147;Pre-2006 Options&#148;), will
 convert into awards with respect to shares of common stock of
 the company that continues to employ the holder following the
 spin-off. With respect to the Pre-2006 Options, those awards
 will be converted into options covering both Williams and WPX
 common stock following the spin-off, in the same ratio as is
 used in the distribution of WPX common stock to holders of
 Williams common stock. For more information on the treatment of
 equity-based compensation awards in the spin-off, see &#147;The
 Spin-Off&#151;Treatment of Stock-Based Plans for Current and
 Former Employees.&#148; 

 Q: 

 What do I have to do to participate in the spin-off? 

 A: 

 You are not required to take any action, although you are urged
 to read this entire document carefully. No stockholder approval
 of the distribution is required or sought. You are not being
 asked for a proxy. No action is required on your part to receive
 your shares of WPX common stock. You will neither be 

 7

 Table of Contents 

 required to pay anything for the new shares nor to surrender any
 shares of Williams common stock to participate in the spin-off. 

 Q: 

 How will fractional shares be treated in the spin-off? 

 A: 

 Fractional shares of WPX common stock will not be distributed.
 Fractional shares of WPX common stock to which Williams
 stockholders of record would otherwise be entitled will be
 aggregated and sold in the public market by the distribution
 agent. The aggregate net cash proceeds of the sales will be
 distributed ratably to those stockholders who would otherwise
 have received fractional shares of WPX common stock. Proceeds
 from these sales will generally result in a taxable gain or loss
 to those stockholders. Each stockholder entitled to receive cash
 proceeds from these shares should consult his, her or its own
 tax advisor as to such stockholder&#146;s particular
 circumstances. The tax consequences of the distribution are
 described in more detail under &#147;The Spin-Off&#151;U.S.
 Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off.&#148; 

 Q: 

 What are the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the
 spin-off ? 

 A: 

 Williams has received a private letter ruling from the Internal
 Revenue Service (&#147;IRS&#148;) and an opinion from its tax
 counsel to the effect that, for U.S. federal income tax
 purposes, the spin-off will be tax-free to Williams and Williams
 stockholders under Section 355 and
 Section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 (the &#147;Code&#148;), except for cash payments made to
 Williams stockholders in lieu of fractional shares of WPX common
 stock such stockholders would otherwise receive in the
 distribution. The tax consequences of the distribution are
 described in more detail under &#147;The Spin-Off&#151;U.S.
 Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off.&#148; 

 Q: 

 Will the WPX common stock be listed on a stock exchange? 

 A: 

 Yes. Although there is not currently a public market for WPX
 common stock, WPX has applied to list its common stock on the
 NYSE under the symbol &#147;WPX.&#148; It is anticipated that
 trading of WPX common stock will commence on a
 &#147;when-issued&#148; basis on or shortly before the record
 date. When-issued trading refers to a sale or purchase made
 conditionally because the security has been authorized but not
 yet issued. When-issued trades generally settle within four
 trading days after the distribution date. On the first trading
 day following the distribution date, any when-issued trading
 with respect to WPX common stock will end and
 &#147;regular-way&#148; trading will begin.
 &#147;Regular-way&#148; trading refers to trading after a
 security has been issued and typically involves a transaction
 that settles on the third full trading day following the date of
 the transaction. See &#147;Trading Market.&#148; 

 Q: 

 Will my shares of Williams common stock continue to trade? 

 A: 

 Yes. Williams common stock will continue to be listed and trade
 on the NYSE under the symbol &#147;WMB.&#148; 

 Q: 

 If I sell, on or before the distribution date, shares of
 Williams common stock that I held on the record date, am I still
 entitled to receive shares of WPX common stock distributable
 with respect to the shares of Williams common stock I sold? 

 A: 

 Beginning on or shortly before the record date and continuing
 through the distribution date for the spin-off, Williams&#146;
 common stock will begin to trade in two markets on the NYSE: a
 &#147;regular-way&#148; market and an
 &#147;ex-distribution&#148; market. If you are a holder of
 record of shares of Williams common stock as of the record date
 for the distribution and choose to sell those shares in the
 regular-way market after the record date for the distribution
 and before the distribution date, you also will be selling the
 right to receive the shares of WPX common stock in connection
 with the spin-off. However, if you are a holder of record of
 shares of Williams common stock as of the record date for the
 distribution and choose to sell those shares in the
 ex-distribution market after the record date for the
 distribution and before the distribution date, you will still
 receive the shares of WPX common stock in the spin-off. 

 8

 Table of Contents 

 Q: 

 Will the spin-off affect the trading price of my Williams
 stock? 

 A: 

 Yes, the trading price of shares of Williams common stock
 immediately following the distribution is expected to be lower
 than immediately prior to the distribution because its trading
 price will no longer reflect the value of the exploration and
 production business. However, we cannot provide you with any
 assurance as to the price at which the Williams shares will
 trade following the spin-off. 

 Q: 

 What indebtedness will WPX have following the spin-off? 

 A: 

 On June 3, 2011, we entered into a $1.5 billion credit
 facility. On November 14, 2011, we issued $400 million
 aggregate principal amount of 5.250% Senior Notes due
 January 15, 2017 and $1.1 billion aggregate principal
 amount of 6.000% Senior Notes due January 15, 2022
 (collectively, the &#147;Notes&#148;). See &#147;Description of
 Material Indebtedness&#148; for a more detailed description of
 these transactions. 

 Q: 

 What will the relationship be between Williams and WPX after
 the spin-off ? 

 A: 

 Following the spin-off, WPX will be an independent, publicly
 traded company and Williams will have no continuing stock
 ownership interest in WPX. In connection with the spin-off, WPX
 will have entered into a separation and distribution agreement
 and several other agreements with Williams for the purpose of
 allocating between WPX and Williams various assets, liabilities
 and obligations. These agreements will also govern WPX&#146;s
 relationship with Williams following the spin-off and will
 provide arrangements for employee matters, tax matters and some
 other liabilities and obligations attributable to periods before
 and, in some cases, after the spin-off. These agreements will
 also include arrangements with respect to transition services. 

 Q: 

 What will WPX&#146;s dividend policy be after the
 spin-off? 

 A: 

 WPX does not anticipate paying any dividends on its common stock
 in the foreseeable future. WPX currently intends to retain its
 future earnings to support the growth and development of its
 business. The payment of future cash dividends, if any, will be
 at the discretion of the WPX board of directors and will depend
 upon, among other things, WPX&#146;s financial condition,
 results of operations, capital requirements and development
 expenditures, future business prospects and any restrictions
 imposed by future debt instruments. For more information, see
 &#147;Dividend Policy.&#148; 

 Q: 

 What are the anti-takeover effects of the spin-off? 

 A: 

 Some provisions of the restated certificate of incorporation of
 WPX, the restated bylaws of WPX and Delaware law may have the
 effect of making more difficult an acquisition of control of WPX
 in a transaction not approved by WPX&#146;s board of directors.
 For example, WPX&#146;s restated certificate of incorporation
 and bylaws will provide for a classified board, require advance
 notice for shareholder proposals and nominations, place
 limitations on convening shareholder meetings and authorize
 WPX&#146;s board of directors to issue one or more series of
 preferred stock. See &#147;Description of Capital
 Stock&#151;Anti-Takeover Effects of Certificate of Incorporation
 and Bylaws Provisions&#148; for more information. 

 Q: 

 What are the risks associated with the spin-off? 

 A: 

 There are a number of risks associated with the spin-off and
 ownership of WPX common stock. These risks are discussed under
 &#147;Risk Factors&#148; beginning on page 22. 

 Q: 

 Where can I get more information? 

 A: 

 If you have any questions relating to the mechanics of the
 distribution, you should contact the distribution agent at: 

 Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

 250 Royall Street

 Canton, Massachusetts
 02021-1011 

 Telephone:
 (888) 843-5542 
 or
 (781) 575-4735 

 9

 Table of Contents 

 Before the spin-off, if you have any questions relating to the
 spin-off, you should contact

 Williams at:

 The Williams Companies, Inc.

 Investor Relations

 One Williams Center

 Tulsa, Oklahoma, 74172

 Phone:
 (918) 573-2000 

 www.williams.com

 After the spin-off, if you have any questions relating to WPX,
 you should contact WPX at:

 WPX Energy, Inc.

 Investor Relations

 One Williams Center

 Tulsa, Oklahoma, 74172

 Phone: (800) 945-5426

 www.wpxenergy.com

 10

 Table of Contents 

 Summary
 of the Spin-Off 

 Distributing Company 

 The Williams Companies, Inc., a Delaware corporation. After the
 distribution, Williams will not own any shares of WPX common
 stock. 

 Distributed Company 

 WPX Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of Williams. After the spin-off, WPX will be an
 independent, publicly owned company. 

 Distributed Securities 

 All of the shares of WPX common stock owned by Williams, which
 will be 100% of WPX common stock issued and outstanding
 immediately prior to the distribution. 

 Record Date 

 The record date for the distribution is the close of business on
 December 14, 2011. 

 Distribution Date 

 The distribution date is December 31, 2011. 

 Restructuring Transactions 

 As part of the spin-off, Williams will contribute and transfer
 to us the assets and liabilities associated with our business
 and has contributed to our capital all intercompany debt
 associated with our business, and we will amend and restate our
 certificate of incorporation and bylaws. 

 Indebtedness 

 In anticipation of the spin-off, we have entered into the Credit
 Facility and have issued the Notes. See &#147;Description of
 Material Indebtedness&#148; for a more detailed description of
 these transactions. 

 Distribution Ratio 

 Each Williams stockholder will receive one share of WPX
 common stock for every three shares of Williams common
 stock held by such stockholder on December 14, 2011. 

 The Distribution 

 On the distribution date, Williams will release the shares of
 WPX common stock to the distribution agent to distribute to
 Williams stockholders. The distribution of shares will be made
 in book-entry form, which means that no physical share
 certificates will be issued. It is expected that it will take
 the distribution agent one to two weeks to electronically issue
 shares of WPX common stock to you or to your bank or brokerage
 firm on your behalf by way of direct registration in book-entry
 form. Trading of our shares will not be affected during that
 time. Following the spin-off, stockholders whose shares are held
 in book-entry form may request that their shares of WPX common
 stock be transferred to a brokerage or other account at any
 time. You will not be required to make any payment, surrender or
 exchange your shares of Williams common stock or take any other
 action to receive your shares of WPX common stock. 

 Fractional Shares 

 The distribution agent will not distribute any fractional shares
 of WPX common stock to Williams stockholders. Fractional shares
 of WPX common stock to which Williams stockholders of record
 would otherwise be entitled will be aggregated and sold in the
 public market by the distribution agent. The aggregate net cash
 proceeds of the sales will be distributed ratably to those
 stockholders who would otherwise have received fractional shares
 of WPX common stock. Proceeds from these sales will generally
 result in a taxable gain or loss to those stockholders. Each
 stockholder entitled to receive cash proceeds from these shares
 should consult his, her or its own tax advisor as to such 

 11

 Table of Contents 

 stockholder&#146;s particular circumstances. The tax
 consequences of the distribution are described in more detail
 under &#147;The Spin-Off&#151;U.S. Federal Income Tax
 Consequences of the Spin-Off.&#148; 

 Conditions to the Spin-Off 

 Completion of the spin-off is subject to the satisfaction or
 waiver by Williams of the following conditions: 

 &#149; the board of directors of Williams shall have
 authorized and approved the spin-off and not withdrawn such
 authorization and approval and shall have declared the dividend
 of the common stock of WPX to Williams stockholders; 

 &#149; the separation and distribution agreement and
 the other ancillary agreements shall have been executed by each
 party thereto; 

 &#149; the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 &#147;SEC&#148;) shall have declared effective WPX&#146;s
 registration statement on Form 10, of which this
 information statement is a part, under the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934, as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;), no stop
 order suspending the effectiveness of the registration statement
 shall be in effect, and no proceedings for such purpose shall be
 pending before or threatened by the SEC; 

 &#149; WPX common stock shall have been accepted for
 listing on the NYSE or another national securities exchange
 approved by Williams, subject to official notice of issuance; 

 &#149; Williams shall have received an opinion of its
 tax counsel, which shall remain in full force and effect, that
 the spin-off will not result in recognition, for U.S. federal
 income tax purposes, of income, gain or loss to Williams, or of
 income, gain or loss to its stockholders, except to the extent
 of cash received in lieu of fractional shares; 

 &#149; WPX shall have received the net proceeds from
 the Notes and shall have made a cash distribution of
 approximately $979 million to Williams; 

 &#149; Williams shall have received an opinion, in
 form and substance acceptable to Williams, as to the solvency of
 Williams and WPX; 

 &#149; no order, injunction or decree by any
 governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or other legal
 restraint or prohibition preventing consummation of the
 distribution shall be pending, threatened, issued or in effect
 and no other event outside the control of Williams shall have
 occurred or failed to occur that prevents the consummation of
 the distribution; 

 &#149; no other events or developments shall have
 occurred prior to the distribution date that, in the judgment of
 the board of directors of Williams, would result in the spin-off
 having a material adverse effect on Williams or its stockholders; 

 &#149; prior to the distribution date, this
 information statement shall have been mailed to the holders of
 Williams common stock as of the record date; 

 &#149; WPX&#146;s current directors shall have duly
 elected the individuals listed as members of its
 post-distribution board of directors in 

 12

 Table of Contents 

 this information statement, and such individuals shall be the
 members of WPX&#146;s board of directors immediately after the
 distribution; 

 &#149; prior to the distribution, Williams shall have
 delivered to WPX resignations from those WPX positions,
 effective as of immediately after the distribution, of each
 individual who will be an employee of Williams after the
 distribution and who is an officer or director of WPX prior to
 the distribution; and 

 &#149; immediately prior to the distribution date,
 the restated certificate of incorporation and the restated
 bylaws, each in substantially the form that will be filed as an
 exhibit to the registration statement on Form 10, of which
 this information statement is part, shall be in effect. 

 The fulfillment of the foregoing conditions will not create any
 obligation on Williams&#146; part to effect the spin-off. We are
 not aware of any material federal or state regulatory
 requirements that must be complied with or any material
 approvals that must be obtained, other than compliance with SEC
 rules and regulations and the declaration of effectiveness of
 the Registration Statement by the SEC, in connection with the
 distribution. Williams has the right not to complete the
 spin-off if, at any time prior to the distribution, the board of
 directors of Williams determines, in its sole discretion, that
 the spin-off is not in the best interests of Williams or its
 stockholders or that market conditions are such that it is not
 advisable to separate WPX from Williams. For more information,
 see &#147;The Spin-Off&#151;Conditions to the Spin-Off.&#148; 

 Trading Market and Symbol 

 We have filed an application to list WPX common stock on the
 NYSE under the ticker symbol &#147;WPX.&#148; We anticipate
 that, on or shortly before the record date, trading of shares of
 WPX common stock will begin on a &#147;when-issued&#148; basis
 and will continue up to and including the distribution date, and
 we expect &#147;regular-way&#148; trading of WPX common stock
 will begin the first trading day after the distribution date. We
 also anticipate that, on or shortly before the record date,
 there will be two markets in Williams common stock: a
 regular-way market on which shares of Williams common stock will
 trade with an entitlement to shares of WPX common stock to be
 distributed pursuant to the distribution, and an
 &#147;ex-distribution&#148; 
 market on which shares of Williams common stock will trade
 without an entitlement to shares of WPX common stock. For more
 information, see &#147;Trading Market.&#148; 

 Tax Consequences 

 The spin-off is conditioned on the receipt by Williams of an
 opinion of counsel stating that Williams and Williams
 stockholders will not recognize any taxable income, gain or loss
 for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the
 spin-off, except with respect to any cash received by Williams
 stockholders in lieu of fractional shares. Williams has received
 an opinion of counsel to such effect. In addition, Williams has
 received a private letter ruling from the IRS stating that
 Williams and Williams stockholders will not recognize any
 taxable income, gain or loss for federal income tax purposes as
 a result of the spin-off, except with respect to any cash
 received by Williams stockholders in lieu of fractional shares. 

 13

 Table of Contents 

 For a more detailed description of the U.S. federal income tax
 consequences of the spin-off, see &#147;The Spin-Off&#151;U.S.
 Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off.&#148; 

 Each stockholder is urged to consult his, her or its tax
 advisor as to the specific tax consequences of the spin-off to
 such stockholder, including the effect of any state, local or
 non-U.S. tax
 laws and of changes in applicable tax laws. 

 Relationship with Williams after the Spin-Off 

 We will enter into a separation and distribution agreement and
 other ancillary agreements with Williams related to the
 spin-off. These agreements will govern the relationship between
 us and Williams after completion of the spin-off and provide for
 the allocation between us and Williams of various assets,
 liabilities and obligations. We intend to enter into a
 transition services agreement with Williams pursuant to which
 certain services will be provided on an interim basis following
 the distribution. We also intend to enter into an employee
 matters agreement that will set forth the agreements between
 Williams and us concerning certain employee compensation and
 benefit matters. Further, we intend to enter into a tax sharing
 agreement with Williams regarding the respective rights,
 responsibilities, and obligations of Williams and us with
 respect to the payment of taxes, filing of tax returns,
 reimbursements of taxes, control of audits and other tax
 proceedings, liability for taxes that may be triggered as a
 result of the spin-off and other matters regarding taxes. We
 describe these arrangements in greater detail under
 &#147;Arrangements Between Williams and Our Company,&#148; and
 describe some of the risks of these arrangements under
 &#147;Risk Factors&#151;Risks Related to the Spin-Off.&#148; 

 Indemnities 

 We will indemnify Williams under the tax sharing agreement for
 taxes incurred as a result of the failure of the spin-off to
 qualify as tax-free under Section 355 and
 Section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, to the extent caused by
 our breach of any representations or covenants made in the tax
 sharing agreement, the separation and distribution agreement, or
 made in connection with the private letter ruling and the tax
 opinion. See &#147;Arrangements Between Williams and Our
 Company&#151;Tax Sharing Agreement.&#148; In addition, under the
 separation and distribution agreement, we will also indemnify
 Williams and its remaining subsidiaries against various claims
 and liabilities relating to the past operation of our business.
 See &#147;Arrangements Between Williams and Our
 Company&#151;Separation and Distribution Agreement.&#148; 

 Dividend Policy 

 We do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in
 the foreseeable future. See &#147;Dividend Policy.&#148; 

 Transfer Agent 

 Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 

 Risk Factors 

 We face both general and specific risks and uncertainties
 relating to our business and our being an independent, publicly
 owned company. We also are subject to risks related to the
 spin-off. You should carefully read &#147;Risk Factors&#148;
 beginning on page 22 of this information statement. 

 14

 Table of Contents 

 Summary
 Combined Historical and Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial
 Data 

 Set forth below is our summary combined historical and unaudited
 pro forma combined financial data for the periods indicated. The
 historical unaudited combined financial data for the nine months
 ended September 30, 2011 and 2010 and balance sheet data as
 of September 30, 2011 have been derived from our unaudited
 condensed combined financial statements included in this
 information statement. The unaudited condensed combined
 financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as our
 audited combined financial statements, except as stated in the
 related notes thereto, and include all normal recurring
 adjustments that, in the opinion of management, are necessary to
 present fairly our financial condition and result of operations
 for such periods. The results of operations for the nine months
 ended September 30, 2011 presented below are not
 necessarily indicative of results for the entire fiscal year.
 The historical financial data for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 and the balance sheet data
 as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 have been derived from our
 audited combined financial statements included in this
 information statement.

 The pro forma financial data was prepared as if the transactions
 described below had occurred as of January 1, 2010. The pro
 forma financial data gives effect to the following transactions:

 &#149; 

 the completion of our restructuring transactions;

 &#149; 

 the receipt of $1.479 billion from our offering of the
 Notes, after deducting the discounts of the initial purchasers
 of the Notes and estimated expenses payable by us in connection
 with such offering; and

 &#149; 

 the distribution of approximately $979 million to Williams
 from the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes in
 connection with our restructuring transactions.

 You should read the following summary financial data in
 conjunction with &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; and our
 historical and pro forma financial statements and related notes
 thereto appearing elsewhere in this information statement.

 The unaudited pro forma combined financial data does not purport
 to represent what our financial position and results of
 operations actually would have been had the transactions
 described above occurred on January 1, 2010 or to project
 our future financial performance.

 15

 Table of Contents 

 Pro Forma Nine 

 Pro Forma 

 Historical Nine 

 Months Ended 

 Year Ended 

 Months Ended 

 Historical Year Ended 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 2011 

 2010 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (Millions) 

 Statement of Operations Data: 

 Revenues, including affiliate(1)

 $

 2,996

 $

 4,034

 $

 2,996

 $

 3,074

 $

 4,034

 $

 3,681

 $

 6,184

 Costs and expenses:

 Lease and facility operating, including affiliate

 218

 286

 218

 207

 286

 263

 272

 Gathering, processing and transportation, including affiliate

 372

 326

 372

 216

 326

 273

 229

 Taxes other than income

 109

 125

 109

 109

 125

 93

 254

 Gas management (including charges for unutilized pipeline
 capacity)

 1,122

 1,771

 1,122

 1,385

 1,771

 1,495

 3,248

 Exploration

 107

 73

 107

 45

 73

 54

 37

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization

 703

 875

 703

 655

 875

 887

 738

 Impairment of producing properties and costs of acquired
 unproved reserves

 &#151;

 678

 &#151;

 678

 678

 15

 &#151;

 Goodwill impairment

 &#151;

 1,003

 &#151;

 1,003

 1,003

 &#151;

 &#151;

 General and administrative, including affiliate

 208

 253

 208

 183

 253

 251

 247

 Gain on sale of contractual right to international production
 payment

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (148

 )

 Other&#151;net

 4

 (19

 )

 4

 (6

 )

 (19

 )

 33

 6

 Total costs and expenses

 2,843

 5,371

 2,843

 4,475

 5,371

 3,364

 4,883

 Operating income (loss)

 153

 (1,337

 )

 153

 (1,401

 )

 (1,337

 )

 317

 1,301

 Interest expense, including affiliate

 (74

 )

 (101

 )

 (97

 )

 (88

 )

 (124

 )

 (100

 )

 (74

 )

 Interest capitalized

 8

 16

 8

 12

 16

 18

 20

 Investment income and other

 19

 21

 19

 15

 21

 8

 22

 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes

 106

 (1,401

 )

 83

 (1,462

 )

 (1,424

 )

 243

 1,269

 Provision (benefit) for income taxes

 37

 (142

 )

 29

 (167

 )

 (150

 )

 94

 452

 Income (loss) from continuing operations(2)

 69

 (1,259

 )

 54

 (1,295

 )

 (1,274

 )

 149

 817

 Loss from discontinued operations(3)

 (11

 )

 (8

 )

 (11

 )

 (2

 )

 (8

 )

 (7

 )

 (87

 )

 Net income (loss)

 $

 58

 $

 (1,267

 )

 43

 (1,297

 )

 (1,282

 )

 142

 730

 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

 7

 6

 8

 6

 8

 Net income (loss) attributable to WPX Energy

 $

 36

 $

 (1,303

 )

 $

 (1,290

 )

 $

 136

 $

 722

 Income (loss) from continuing operations per share(4): 

 Basic and diluted

 $

 0.35

 $

 (6.39

 )

 (1) 

 Includes gas management revenues of $1,092 million and
 $1,357 million for the nine months ended September 30,
 2011 and 2010, respectively and $1,742 million,
 $1,456 million and $3,241 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. These
 revenues were offset by the gas management expenses shown in the
 table above. See &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#151;Results of
 Operations.&#148; 

 16

 Table of Contents 

 (2) 

 Loss from continuing operations for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2010 and for the year ended December 31,
 2010 includes $1.7 billion of impairment charges related to
 goodwill, producing properties in the Barnett Shale and costs of
 acquired unproved reserves in the Piceance Basin. Income from
 continuing operations in 2008 includes a $148 million gain
 related to the sale of a right to an international production
 payment. See Notes 6 and 14 of Notes to Combined Financial
 Statements for further discussion of asset sales, impairments
 and other accruals in 2010, 2009 and 2008. 

 (3) 

 Loss from discontinued operations includes our Arkoma operations
 which were classified as held for sale in the first quarter of
 2011 and activities associated with Williams&#146; former power
 business that was substantially disposed of in 2007. The loss in
 2008 includes a $148 million pre-tax impairment of the
 Arkoma producing properties. 

 (4) 

 Historical earnings per share are not presented since the
 Company&#146;s common stock was not part of the capital
 structure of Williams for the periods presented. 

 Pro Forma 

 Historical 

 Historical 

 At September 30, 

 At September 30, 

 At December 31, 

 2011 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 (Millions) 

 Balance Sheet Data: 

 Cash and cash equivalents

 $

 550

 $

 50

 $

 37

 $

 34

 Properties and equipment, net

 8,729

 8,729

 8,449

 7,662

 Total assets

 10,662

 10,141

 9,846

 10,553

 Unsecured notes payable to Williams&#151;current

 &#151;

 &#151;

 2,261

 1,216

 Senior unsecured notes

 1,500

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Total equity

 5,981

 7,007

 4,500

 5,405

 Total liabilities and equity

 10,662

 10,141

 9,846

 10,553

 Pro Forma Nine 

 Pro Forma 

 Historical Nine 

 Months Ended 

 Year Ended 

 Months Ended 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 September 30, 

 Historical Year Ended December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 2011 

 2010 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (Millions) 

 Other Financial Data: 

 Net cash provided by operating activities

 $

 888

 $

 852

 $

 1,056

 $

 1,181

 $

 2,009

 Net cash used in investing activities

 (1,056

 )

 (1,433

 )

 (2,337

 )

 (1,435

 )

 (2,252

 )

 Net cash provided (used) by financing activities

 181

 582

 1,284

 256

 225

 Adjusted EBITDAX(1)

 $

 990

 $

 1,329

 990

 1,007

 1,329

 1,299

 1,970

 Capital expenditures

 (1,088

 )

 (1,460

 )

 (1,856

 )

 (1,434

 )

 (2,467

 )

 (1) 

 Adjusted EBITDAX is a non-GAAP financial measure. For a
 definition of Adjusted EBITDAX and a reconciliation of Adjusted
 EBITDAX to our net income (loss), see &#147;&#151;Summary
 Combined Historical Operating and Reserve
 Data&#151;Non-GAAP Financial Measures and
 Reconciliations&#148; below. 

 17

 Table of Contents 

 Summary
 Combined Historical Operating and Reserve Data 

 The following table presents summary combined data with respect
 to our estimated net proved natural gas and oil reserves as of
 the dates indicated. Approximately 93 percent of our
 year-end 2010 U.S. proved reserves estimates were audited
 by Netherland, Sewell &#038; Associates, Inc.
 (&#147;NSAI&#148;) and approximately one percent were audited by
 Miller and Lents, Ltd. (&#147;M&#038;L&#148;). Approximately
 96 percent of Apco&#146;s year-end 2010 proved reserves
 estimates (which constitute approximately 94 percent of our
 year-end 2010 proved reserves estimates for international
 properties) were reviewed and certified by Ralph E. Davis
 Associates, Inc. In the judgment of these independent reserve
 petroleum engineers, our estimates reviewed in their respective
 reports are, in the aggregate, reasonable and have been prepared
 in accordance with the Standards Pertaining to the Estimating
 and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information promulgated by
 the Society of Petroleum Engineers. Because our acquisition in
 the Bakken Shale was completed in late December 2010, our
 year-end estimated reserves for those properties are based on
 internal estimates only. All of the reserve estimates mentioned
 above were prepared in a manner consistent with the rules of the
 SEC regarding oil and natural gas reserve reporting that are
 currently in effect. You should refer to &#147;Risk
 Factors,&#148; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; and
 &#147;Business&#148; when evaluating the material presented
 below.

 At December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 Estimated Proved Reserves(1): 

 Natural Gas (Bcf)(2)

 4,214

 4,316

 Oil (MMbbls)

 43

 23

 Total (Bcfe)

 4,473

 4,452

 PV-10 (in
 millions)

 $

 4,544

 $

 2,620

 Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows (in
 millions)(3)

 $

 3,080

 $

 1,923

 (1) 

 Includes approximately 69 percent of Apco&#146;s reserves,
 which corresponds to our ownership interest in Apco. Our
 estimated proved reserves for domestic properties,
 PV-10 and
 Standardized Measure were derived using an average price of
 $3.36 per Mcf of natural gas and $48.63 per barrel of oil during
 2009 and $4.31 per Mcf of natural gas and $68.89 per barrel of
 oil during 2010. Our prices were calculated using the
 12-month 
 average,
 first-of-the-month 
 price for the applicable indices for each basin as adjusted for
 locational price differentials. The
 12-month 
 average beginning of the month price for Apco properties was
 $1.93 per MMbtu of natural gas and $43.62 per barrel of oil for
 2009 and $1.63 per MMbtu of natural gas and $52.11 per barrel of
 oil for 2010. 

 (2) 

 Net wellhead natural gas reserves at December 31, 2010 and
 2009 included approximately 99 MMbbls and 69 MMbbls,
 respectively, of NGLs to be extracted downstream at processing
 plants. The gas volume shrink associated with this processing is
 approximately 216 Bcf and 164 Bcf, respectively, or
 approximately 4.8 percent and 3.7 percent,
 respectively, of our total proved reserves volumes. 

 (3) 

 Standardized Measure represents the present value of estimated
 future cash inflows from proved natural gas and oil reserves,
 less future development and production costs and income tax
 expenses, discounted at ten percent per annum to reflect timing
 of future cash flows and using the same pricing assumptions as
 were used to calculate
 PV-10. 
 Standardized Measure differs from
 PV-10 
 because Standardized Measure includes the effect of future
 income taxes. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial
 measure of
 PV-10 to
 Standardized Measure, the most directly comparable GAAP
 financial measure, see &#147;&#151;Non-GAAP Financial
 Measures and Reconciliations&#148; below. 

 18

 Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our net production for the years
 indicated.

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 Production Data: 

 Natural Gas (MMcf)

 U.S.

 Piceance Basin

 241,371

 252,387

 240,285

 Other(1)

 162,571

 171,691

 156,497

 Argentina(2)

 7,304

 7,728

 6,392

 Total

 411,246

 431,806

 403,174

 Oil (MBbls)

 U.S. 

 857

 803

 731

 Argentina(2)

 2,035

 1,998

 1,991

 Total

 2,892

 2,801

 2,722

 Combined Equivalent Volumes (MMcfe)(2)

 428,598

 448,612

 419,506

 Combined Equivalent Volumes (MBoe)

 71,433

 74,769

 69,918

 Average Daily Combined Equivalent Volumes (MMcfe/d)

 U.S.

 Piceance Basin

 674

 703

 666

 Other(1)

 447

 472

 430

 Argentina(2)

 53

 54

 50

 Total

 1,174

 1,229

 1,146

 (1) 

 Excludes production from our Arkoma Basin operations which were
 classified as held for sale and reported as discontinued
 operations as of September 30, 2011 and comprised less than
 one percent of our total production. 

 (2) 

 Includes approximately 69 percent of Apco&#146;s production
 (which corresponds to our ownership interest in Apco) and other
 minor directly held interests. 

 The following tables summarize our domestic sales price and cost
 information for the years indicated.

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 Realized average price per unit(1): 

 Natural gas, without hedges (per Mcf)(2)

 $

 4.33

 $

 3.39

 $

 6.84

 Impact of hedges (per Mcf)(2)

 0.82

 1.45

 0.09

 Natural gas, with hedges (per Mcf)(2)

 $

 5.15

 $

 4.84

 $

 6.93

 Oil, without hedges (per Bbl)

 $

 66.32

 $

 47.39

 $

 84.63

 Impact of hedges (per Bbl)

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Oil, with hedges (per Bbl)

 $

 66.32

 $

 47.39

 $

 84.63

 Price per Boe, without hedges(3)

 $

 26.44

 $

 20.63

 $

 41.52

 Price per Boe, with hedges(3)

 $

 31.32

 $

 29.23

 $

 42.03

 Price per Mcfe, without hedges(3)

 $

 4.41

 $

 3.44

 $

 6.92

 Price per Mcfe, with hedges(3)

 $

 5.22

 $

 4.87

 $

 7.00

 19

 Table of Contents 

 (1) 

 Excludes our Arkoma Basin operations, which were classified as
 held for sale and reported as discontinued operations as of
 September 30, 2011 and comprised less than one percent of
 our total revenues. 

 (2) 

 Includes NGLs. 

 (3) 

 Realized average prices reflect realized market prices, net of
 fuel and shrink. 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 Expenses per Mcfe(1): 

 Operating expenses:

 Lifting costs and workovers

 $

 0.46

 $

 0.39

 $

 0.45

 Facilities operating expense

 0.14

 0.14

 0.15

 Other operating and maintenance

 0.05

 0.05

 0.04

 Total LOE

 $

 0.65

 $

 0.58

 $

 0.64

 Gathering, processing and transportation charges

 0.80

 0.64

 0.57

 Taxes other than income

 0.27

 0.19

 0.60

 Production cost

 $

 1.72

 $

 1.41

 $

 1.81

 General and administrative

 $

 0.60

 $

 0.56

 $

 0.60

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization

 $

 2.10

 $

 2.03

 $

 1.80

 (1) 

 Excludes our Arkoma Basin operations, which were classified as
 held for sale and reported as discontinued operations as of
 September 30, 2011. 

 Non-GAAP Financial
 Measures and Reconciliations 

 Adjusted
 EBITDAX 

 Adjusted EBITDAX is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure
 that is used by management and external users of our
 consolidated financial statements, such as industry analysts,
 investors, lenders and rating agencies.

 We define Adjusted EBITDAX as earnings before interest expense,
 income taxes, depreciation, depletion and amortization,
 exploration expenses and the other items described below.
 Adjusted EBITDAX is not a measure of net income as determined by
 United States generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP.

 Management believes Adjusted EBITDAX is useful because it allows
 them to more effectively evaluate our operating performance and
 compare the results of our operations from period to period and
 against our peers without regard to our financing methods or
 capital structure. We exclude the items listed above from net
 income in arriving at Adjusted EBITDAX because these amounts can
 vary substantially from company to company within our industry
 depending upon accounting methods and book values of assets,
 capital structures and the method by which the assets were
 acquired. Adjusted EBITDAX should not be considered as an
 alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income as
 determined in accordance with GAAP or as an indicator of our
 liquidity. Certain items excluded from Adjusted EBITDAX are
 significant components in understanding and assessing a
 company&#146;s financial performance, such as a company&#146;s
 cost of capital and tax structure, as well as the historic costs
 of depreciable assets, none of which are components of Adjusted
 EBITDAX. Our computations of Adjusted EBITDAX may not be
 comparable to other similarly titled measures of other
 companies. We believe that Adjusted EBITDAX is a widely followed
 measure of operating performance and may also be used by
 investors to measure our ability to meet debt service
 requirements.

 20

 Table of Contents 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of the non-GAAP
 financial measure of Adjusted EBITDAX to the GAAP financial
 measure of net income (loss).

 Pro Forma Nine 

 Pro Forma 

 Historical Nine 

 Months Ended 

 Year Ended 

 Months Ended 

 Historical 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 September 30, 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 2011 

 2010 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (Millions) 

 Adjusted EBITDAX Reconciliation to Net Income (Loss): 

 Net income (loss)

 $

 58

 $

 (1,267

 )

 $

 43

 $

 (1,297

 )

 $

 (1,282

 )

 $

 142

 $

 730

 Interest expense

 74

 101

 97

 88

 124

 100

 74

 Provision (benefit) for income taxes

 37

 (142

 )

 29

 (167

 )

 (150

 )

 94

 452

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization

 703

 875

 703

 655

 875

 887

 738

 Exploration expenses

 107

 73

 107

 45

 73

 54

 37

 EBITDAX 

 979

 (360

 )

 979

 (676

 )

 (360

 )

 1,277

 2,031

 Gain on sale of contractual right to international production
 payment

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (148

 )

 Impairments of goodwill, producing properties and cost of
 acquired unproved reserves

 &#151;

 1,681

 &#151;

 1,681

 1,681

 15

 &#151;

 Loss from discontinued operations

 11

 8

 11

 2

 8

 7

 87

 Adjusted EBITDAX 

 $

 990

 $

 1,329

 $

 990

 $

 1,007

 $

 1,329

 $

 1,299

 $

 1,970

 PV-10 

 PV-10 is a
 non-GAAP financial measure and represents the year-end present
 value of estimated future cash inflows from proved natural gas
 and crude oil reserves, less future development and production
 costs, discounted at 10 percent per annum to reflect the
 timing of future cash flows and using pricing assumptions in
 effect at the end of the period.
 PV-10 
 differs from Standardized Measure because it does not include
 the effects of income taxes on future net revenues. Neither
 PV-10 nor
 Standardized Measure represents an estimate of fair market value
 of our natural gas and crude oil properties.
 PV-10 is
 used by the industry and by our management as an arbitrary
 reserve asset value measure to compare against past reserve
 bases and the reserve bases of other business entities that are
 not dependent on the taxpaying status of the entity.

 The following table provides a reconciliation of our
 Standardized Measure to
 PV-10 and
 includes 69 percent of Apco&#146;s metrics, which
 corresponds to our ownership interest in Apco, and includes our
 Arkoma Basin operations, which were classified as held for sale
 and reported as discontinued operations as of September 30,
 2011.

 At December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 (Millions) 

 Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows

 $

 3,080

 $

 1,923

 Present value of future income tax discounted at 10%

 1,464

 697

 PV-10 

 $

 4,544

 $

 2,620

 21

 Table of Contents 

 RISK
 FACTORS 

 You should carefully consider each of the following risks,
 which we believe are the principal risks that we face and of
 which we are currently aware, and all of the other information
 in this information statement. Some of the risks described below
 relate to our business, while others relate to the spin-off.
 Other risks relate principally to the securities markets and
 ownership of our common stock. If any of the following risks
 actually occur, our business, financial condition, cash flows
 and results of operations could suffer materially and adversely.
 In that case, the trading price of our common stock could
 decline, and you might lose all or part of your investment. 

 Risks
 Related to Our Business 

 Our
 business requires significant capital expenditures and we may be
 unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory
 terms or at all. 

 Our exploration, development and acquisition activities require
 substantial capital expenditures. Historically, we have funded
 our capital expenditures through a combination of cash flows
 from operations, capital contributions or borrowings from
 Williams and sales of assets. Future cash flows are subject to a
 number of variables, including the level of production from
 existing wells, prices of natural gas and oil and our success in
 developing and producing new reserves. If our cash flow from
 operations is not sufficient to fund our capital expenditure
 budget, we may have limited ability to obtain the additional
 capital necessary to sustain our operations at current levels.
 We may not be able to obtain debt or equity financing on terms
 favorable to us or at all. The failure to obtain additional
 financing could result in a curtailment of our operations
 relating to exploration and development of our prospects, which
 in turn could lead to a decline in our natural gas and oil
 production or reserves, and in some areas a loss of properties.

 Failure
 to replace reserves may negatively affect our
 business. 

 The growth of our business depends upon our ability to find,
 develop or acquire additional natural gas and oil reserves that
 are economically recoverable. Our proved reserves generally
 decline when reserves are produced, unless we conduct successful
 exploration or development activities or acquire properties
 containing proved reserves, or both. We may not always be able
 to find, develop or acquire additional reserves at acceptable
 costs. If natural gas or oil prices increase, our costs for
 additional reserves would also increase; conversely if natural
 gas or oil prices decrease, it could make it more difficult to
 fund the replacement of our reserves.

 Exploration
 and development drilling may not result in commercially
 productive reserves. 

 Our past success rate for drilling projects should not be
 considered a predictor of future commercial success. Our
 decisions to purchase, explore, develop or otherwise exploit
 prospects or properties will depend in part on the evaluation of
 data obtained through geophysical and geological analyses,
 production data and engineering studies, the results of which
 are often inconclusive or subject to varying interpretations.
 The new wells we drill or participate in may not be commercially
 productive, and we may not recover all or any portion of our
 investment in wells we drill or participate in. Our efforts will
 be unprofitable if we drill dry wells or wells that are
 productive but do not produce enough reserves to return a profit
 after drilling, operating and other costs. The cost of drilling,
 completing and operating a well is often uncertain, and cost
 factors can adversely affect the economics of a project.
 Further, our drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed,
 canceled or rendered unprofitable or less profitable than
 anticipated as a result of a variety of other factors, including:

 &#149; 

 Increases in the cost of, or shortages or delays in the
 availability of, drilling rigs and equipment, supplies, skilled
 labor, capital or transportation;

 &#149; 

 Equipment failures or accidents;

 &#149; 

 Adverse weather conditions, such as blizzards;

 22

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 

 Title and lease related problems;

 &#149; 

 Limitations in the market for natural gas and oil;

 &#149; 

 Unexpected drilling conditions or problems;

 &#149; 

 Pressure or irregularities in geological formations;

 &#149; 

 Regulations and regulatory approvals;

 &#149; 

 Changes or anticipated changes in energy prices; or

 &#149; 

 Compliance with environmental and other governmental
 requirements.

 We expect to invest approximately 35 percent of our
 drilling capital during 2011 in two relatively new
 unconventional projects, the Bakken Shale in western North
 Dakota and the Marcellus Shale in Pennsylvania. Due to limited
 production history from the relatively few number of wells
 drilled in these projects, we are unable to predict with
 certainty the quantity of future production from wells to be
 drilled in those projects.

 If
 natural gas and oil prices decrease, we may be required to take
 write-downs of the carrying values of our natural gas and oil
 properties. 

 Accounting rules require that we review periodically the
 carrying value of our natural gas and oil properties for
 possible impairment. Based on specific market factors and
 circumstances at the time of prospective impairment reviews and
 the continuing evaluation of development plans, production data,
 economics and other factors, we may be required to write down
 the carrying value of our natural gas and oil properties. A
 writedown constitutes a non-cash charge to earnings. For
 example, as a result of significant declines in forward natural
 gas prices, we recorded impairments of capitalized costs of
 certain natural gas properties of $678 million in 2010. In
 addition, following a weighted average decline in the forward
 prices for the Powder River Basin from December 31, 2010 to
 September 30, 2011, we conducted an impairment assessment
 of our proved producing oil and gas properties in that basin as
 of September 30, 2011. No impairment was required as of
 September 30, 2011; however, in this assessment, we noted
 that the producing assets could be at risk of future impairment
 if the weighted average forward price across all periods used in
 our cash flow estimates were to decline by approximately
 six percent on average, absent changes in other factors.
 The weighted average decline in these forward prices from
 September 30, 2011 to November 30, 2011, as it relates
 to the Powder River basin projections, was approximately
 7.7 percent. These properties will be part of our annual
 impairment assessment for all properties in the fourth quarter
 of 2011 and could be subject to impairment. If the recording of
 an impairment charge becomes necessary for the Powder River
 properties as of December 31, 2011, it is reasonably
 possible that the amount of such charge could be at least
 $200 million. See &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations&#151;Overview of the nine months ended
 September 30, 2011 and 2010.&#148; We may incur impairment
 charges for these or other properties in the future, which could
 have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for
 the periods in which such charges are taken.

 Estimating
 reserves and future net revenues involves uncertainties.
 Decreases in natural gas and oil prices, or negative revisions
 to reserve estimates or assumptions as to future natural gas and
 oil prices may lead to decreased earnings, losses or impairment
 of natural gas and oil assets. 

 Reserve estimation is a subjective process of evaluating
 underground accumulations of oil and gas that cannot be measured
 in an exact manner. Reserves that are &#147;proved
 reserves&#148; are those estimated quantities of crude oil,
 natural gas and NGLs that geological and engineering data
 demonstrate with reasonable certainty are recoverable in future
 years from known reservoirs under existing economic and
 operating conditions and relate to projects for which the
 extraction of hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator
 must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project
 within a reasonable time.

 The process relies on interpretations of available geological,
 geophysical, engineering and production data. There are numerous
 uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved
 reserves and in projecting future rates of production and timing
 of developmental expenditures, including many factors beyond the

 23

 Table of Contents 

 control of the producer. The reserve data included in this
 information statement represent estimates. In addition, the
 estimates of future net revenues from our proved reserves and
 the present value of such estimates are based upon certain
 assumptions about future production levels, prices and costs
 that may not prove to be correct.

 Quantities of proved reserves are estimated based on economic
 conditions in existence during the period of assessment. Changes
 to oil and gas prices in the markets for such commodities may
 have the impact of shortening the economic lives of certain
 fields because it becomes uneconomic to produce all recoverable
 reserves on such fields, which reduces proved property reserve
 estimates.

 If negative revisions in the estimated quantities of proved
 reserves were to occur, it would have the effect of increasing
 the rates of depreciation, depletion and amortization on the
 affected properties, which would decrease earnings or result in
 losses through higher depreciation, depletion and amortization
 expense. These revisions, as well as revisions in the
 assumptions of future cash flows of these reserves, may also be
 sufficient to trigger impairment losses on certain properties
 which would result in a noncash charge to earnings.

 The
 development of our proved undeveloped reserves may take longer
 and may require higher levels of capital expenditures than we
 currently anticipate. 

 Approximately 41 percent of our total estimated proved
 reserves at December 31, 2010 were proved undeveloped
 reserves and may not be ultimately developed or produced.
 Recovery of proved undeveloped reserves requires significant
 capital expenditures and successful drilling operations. The
 reserve data included in the reserve engineer reports assumes
 that substantial capital expenditures are required to develop
 such reserves. We cannot be certain that the estimated costs of
 the development of these reserves are accurate, that development
 will occur as scheduled or that the results of such development
 will be as estimated. Delays in the development of our reserves
 or increases in costs to drill and develop such reserves will
 reduce the
 PV-10 value
 of our estimated proved undeveloped reserves and future net
 revenues estimated for such reserves and may result in some
 projects becoming uneconomic. In addition, delays in the
 development of reserves could cause us to have to reclassify our
 proved reserves as unproved reserves.

 The
 present value of future net revenues from our proved reserves
 will not necessarily be the same as the value we ultimately
 realize of our estimated natural gas and oil reserves. 

 You should not assume that the present value of future net
 revenues from our proved reserves is the current market value of
 our estimated natural gas and oil reserves. For the year ended
 December 31, 2008, we based the estimated discounted future
 net revenues from our proved reserves on prices and costs in
 effect on the day of the estimate in accordance with previous
 SEC requirements. In accordance with new SEC requirements for
 the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2010, we have based
 the estimated discounted future net revenues from our proved
 reserves on the
 12-month 
 unweighted arithmetic average of the
 first-day-of-the-month 
 price for the preceding twelve months without giving effect to
 derivative transactions. Actual future net revenues from our
 natural gas and oil properties will be affected by factors such
 as:

 &#149; 

 actual prices we receive for natural gas and oil;

 &#149; 

 actual cost of development and production expenditures;

 &#149; 

 the amount and timing of actual production; and

 &#149; 

 changes in governmental regulations or taxation.

 The timing of both our production and our incurrence of expenses
 in connection with the development and production of natural gas
 and oil properties will affect the timing and amount of actual
 future net revenues from proved reserves, and thus their actual
 present value. In addition, the 10 percent discount factor
 we use when calculating discounted future net revenues may not
 be the most appropriate discount factor based on interest rates
 in effect from time to time and risks associated with us or the
 natural gas and oil industry in general.

 24

 Table of Contents 

 Certain
 of our domestic undeveloped leasehold assets are subject to
 leases that will expire over the next several years unless
 production is established on units containing the
 acreage. 

 The majority of our acreage in the Marcellus Shale and Bakken
 Shale is not currently held by production. Unless production in
 paying quantities is established on units containing these
 leases during their terms, the leases will expire. If our leases
 expire and we are unable to renew the leases, we will lose our
 right to develop the related properties. Our drilling plans for
 these areas are subject to change based upon various factors,
 including drilling results, natural gas and oil prices,
 availability and cost of capital, drilling and production costs,
 availability of drilling services and equipment, gathering
 system and pipeline transportation constraints and regulatory
 and lease issues.

 Prices
 for natural gas, oil and NGLs are volatile, and this volatility
 could adversely affect our financial results, cash flows, access
 to capital and ability to maintain our existing
 business. 

 Our revenues, operating results, future rate of growth and the
 value of our business depend primarily upon the prices of
 natural gas, oil and NGLs. Price volatility can impact both the
 amount we receive for our products and the volume of products we
 sell. Prices affect the amount of cash flow available for
 capital expenditures and our ability to borrow money under our
 Credit Facility or raise additional capital.

 The markets for natural gas, oil and NGLs are likely to continue
 to be volatile. Wide fluctuations in prices might result from
 relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for these
 commodities, market uncertainty and other factors that are
 beyond our control, including:

 &#149; 

 Worldwide and domestic supplies of and demand for natural gas,
 oil and NGLs;

 &#149; 

 Turmoil in the Middle East and other producing regions;

 &#149; 

 The activities of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting
 Countries;

 &#149; 

 Terrorist attacks on production or transportation assets;

 &#149; 

 Weather conditions;

 &#149; 

 The level of consumer demand;

 &#149; 

 Variations in local market conditions (basis differential);

 &#149; 

 The price and availability of other types of fuels;

 &#149; 

 The availability of pipeline capacity;

 &#149; 

 Supply disruptions, including plant outages and transportation
 disruptions;

 &#149; 

 The price and quantity of foreign imports of natural gas and oil;

 &#149; 

 Domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes;

 &#149; 

 Volatility in the natural gas and oil markets;

 &#149; 

 The overall economic environment;

 &#149; 

 The credit of participants in the markets where products are
 bought and sold; and

 &#149; 

 The adoption of regulations or legislation relating to climate
 change.

 Our
 business depends on access to natural gas, oil and NGL
 transportation systems and facilities. 

 The marketability of our natural gas, oil and NGL production
 depends in large part on the operation, availability, proximity,
 capacity and expansion of transportation systems and facilities
 owned by third parties. For example, we can provide no assurance
 that sufficient transportation capacity will exist for expected
 production from the Bakken Shale and Marcellus Shale or that we
 will be able to obtain sufficient transportation capacity on
 economic terms.

 25

 Table of Contents 

 A lack of available capacity on transportation systems and
 facilities or delays in their planned expansions could result in
 the shut-in of producing wells or the delay or discontinuance of
 drilling plans for properties. A lack of availability of these
 systems and facilities for an extended period of time could
 negatively affect our revenues. In addition, we have entered
 into contracts for firm transportation and any failure to renew
 those contracts on the same or better commercial terms could
 increase our costs and our exposure to the risks described above.

 We may
 have excess capacity under our firm transportation contracts, or
 the terms of certain of those contracts may be less favorable
 than those we could obtain currently. 

 We have entered into contracts for firm transportation that may
 exceed our transportation needs. Any excess transportation
 commitments will result in excess transportation costs that
 could negatively affect our results of operations. In addition,
 certain of the contracts we have entered into may be on terms
 less favorable to us than we could obtain if we were negotiating
 them at current rates, which also could negatively affect our
 results of operations.

 We have
 limited control over activities on properties we do not operate,
 which could reduce our production and revenues. 

 If we do not operate the properties in which we own an interest,
 we do not have control over normal operating procedures,
 expenditures or future development of underlying properties. The
 failure of an operator of our wells to adequately perform
 operations or an operator&#146;s breach of the applicable
 agreements could reduce our production and revenues or increase
 our costs. As of December 31, 2010, we were not the
 operator of approximately 17 percent of our total domestic
 net production. Apco generally has outside-operated interests in
 its properties. The success and timing of our drilling and
 development activities on properties operated by others depend
 upon a number of factors outside of our control, including the
 operator&#146;s timing and amount of capital expenditures,
 expertise and financial resources, inclusion of other
 participants in drilling wells and use of technology. Because we
 do not have a majority interest in most wells we do not operate,
 we may not be in a position to remove the operator in the event
 of poor performance.

 We might
 not be able to successfully manage the risks associated with
 selling and marketing products in the wholesale energy
 markets. 

 Our portfolio of derivative and other energy contracts includes
 wholesale contracts to buy and sell natural gas, oil and NGLs
 that are settled by the delivery of the commodity or cash. If
 the values of these contracts change in a direction or manner
 that we do not anticipate or cannot manage, it could negatively
 affect our results of operations. In the past, certain marketing
 and trading companies have experienced severe financial problems
 due to price volatility in the energy commodity markets. In
 certain instances this volatility has caused companies to be
 unable to deliver energy commodities that they had guaranteed
 under contract. If such a delivery failure were to occur in one
 of our contracts, we might incur additional losses to the extent
 of amounts, if any, already paid to, or received from,
 counterparties. In addition, in our business, we often extend
 credit to our counterparties. We are exposed to the risk that we
 might not be able to collect amounts owed to us. If the
 counterparty to such a transaction fails to perform and any
 collateral that secures our counterparty&#146;s obligation is
 inadequate, we will suffer a loss. Downturns in the economy or
 disruptions in the global credit markets could cause more of our
 counterparties to fail to perform than we expect.

 Our risk
 management and measurement systems and hedging activities might
 not be effective and could increase the volatility of our
 results. 

 The systems we use to quantify commodity price risk associated
 with our businesses might not always be followed or might not
 always be effective. Further, such systems do not in themselves
 manage risk, particularly risks outside of our control, and
 adverse changes in energy commodity market prices, volatility,
 adverse correlation of commodity prices, the liquidity of
 markets, changes in interest rates and other risks discussed in
 this information statement might still adversely affect our
 earnings, cash flows and balance sheet under applicable
 accounting rules, even if risks have been identified.
 Furthermore, no single hedging

 26

 Table of Contents 

 arrangement can adequately address all commodity price risks
 present in a given contract. For example, a forward contract
 that would be effective in hedging commodity price volatility
 risks would not hedge the contract&#146;s counterparty credit or
 performance risk. Therefore, unhedged risks will always continue
 to exist.

 Our use of hedging arrangements through which we attempt to
 reduce the economic risk of our participation in commodity
 markets could result in increased volatility of our reported
 results. Changes in the fair values (gains and losses) of
 derivatives that qualify as hedges under GAAP to the extent that
 such hedges are not fully effective in offsetting changes to the
 value of the hedged commodity, as well as changes in the fair
 value of derivatives that do not qualify or have not been
 designated as hedges under GAAP, must be recorded in our income.
 This creates the risk of volatility in earnings even if no
 economic impact to us has occurred during the applicable period.

 The impact of changes in market prices for natural gas, oil and
 NGLs on the average prices paid or received by us may be reduced
 based on the level of our hedging activities. These hedging
 arrangements may limit or enhance our margins if the market
 prices for natural gas, oil or NGLs were to change substantially
 from the price established by the hedges. In addition, our
 hedging arrangements expose us to the risk of financial loss if
 our production volumes are less than expected.

 The
 adoption and implementation of new statutory and regulatory
 requirements for derivative transactions could have an adverse
 impact on our ability to hedge risks associated with our
 business and increase the working capital requirements to
 conduct these activities. 

 In July 2010, federal legislation known as the Dodd-Frank Wall
 Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the &#147;Dodd-Frank
 Act&#148;) was enacted. The Dodd-Frank Act provides for new
 statutory and regulatory requirements for derivative
 transactions, including oil and gas hedging transactions. Among
 other things, the Dodd-Frank Act provides for the creation of
 position limits for certain derivatives transactions, as well as
 requiring certain transactions to be cleared on exchanges for
 which cash collateral will be required. The final impact of the
 Dodd-Frank Act on our hedging activities is uncertain at this
 time due to the requirement that the SEC and the Commodities
 Futures Trading Commission (&#147;CFTC&#148;) promulgate rules
 and regulations implementing the new legislation within
 360 days from the date of enactment. These new rules and
 regulations could significantly increase the cost of derivative
 contracts, materially alter the terms of derivative contracts or
 reduce the availability of derivatives. Although we believe the
 derivative contracts that we enter into should not be impacted
 by position limits and should be exempt from the requirement to
 clear transactions through a central exchange or to post
 collateral, the impact upon our businesses will depend on the
 outcome of the implementing regulations adopted by the CFTC.

 Depending on the rules and definitions adopted by the CFTC or
 similar rules that may be adopted by other regulatory bodies, we
 might in the future be required to provide cash collateral for
 our commodities hedging transactions under circumstances in
 which we do not currently post cash collateral. Posting of such
 additional cash collateral could impact liquidity and reduce our
 cash available for capital expenditures. A requirement to post
 cash collateral could therefore reduce our ability to execute
 hedges to reduce commodity price uncertainty and thus protect
 cash flows. If we reduce our use of derivatives as a result of
 the Dodd-Frank Act and regulations, our results of operations
 may become more volatile and our cash flows may be less
 predictable.

 We are
 exposed to the credit risk of our customers and counterparties,
 and our credit risk management may not be adequate to protect
 against such risk. 

 We are subject to the risk of loss resulting from nonpayment
 and/or 
 nonperformance by our customers and counterparties in the
 ordinary course of our business. Our credit procedures and
 policies may not be adequate to fully eliminate customer and
 counterparty credit risk. We cannot predict to what extent our
 business would be impacted by deteriorating conditions in the
 economy, including declines in our customers&#146; and
 counterparties&#146; creditworthiness. If we fail to adequately
 assess the creditworthiness of existing or future customers and
 counterparties, unanticipated deterioration in their
 creditworthiness and any resulting increase in nonpayment
 and/or 
 nonperformance by them could cause us to write-down or write-off
 doubtful accounts.

 27

 Table of Contents 

 Such write-downs or write-offs could negatively affect our
 operating results in the periods in which they occur and, if
 significant, could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, results of operations, cash flows and financial
 condition.

 We face
 competition in acquiring new properties, marketing natural gas
 and oil and securing equipment and trained personnel in the
 natural gas and oil industry. 

 Our ability to acquire additional drilling locations and to find
 and develop reserves in the future will depend on our ability to
 evaluate and select suitable properties and to consummate
 transactions in a highly competitive environment for acquiring
 properties, marketing natural gas and oil and securing equipment
 and trained personnel. We may not be able to compete
 successfully in the future in acquiring prospective reserves,
 developing reserves, marketing hydrocarbons, attracting and
 retaining quality personnel and raising additional capital,
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

 Our
 operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen
 interruptions for which they may not be adequately
 insured. 

 There are operational risks associated with drilling for,
 production, gathering, transporting, storage, processing and
 treating of natural gas and oil and the fractionation and
 storage of NGLs, including:

 &#149; 

 Hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, extreme weather conditions and
 other natural disasters;

 &#149; 

 Aging infrastructure and mechanical problems;

 &#149; 

 Damages to pipelines, pipeline blockages or other pipeline
 interruptions;

 &#149; 

 Uncontrolled releases of natural gas (including sour gas), oil,
 NGLs, brine or industrial chemicals;

 &#149; 

 Operator error;

 &#149; 

 Pollution and environmental risks;

 &#149; 

 Fires, explosions and blowouts;

 &#149; 

 Risks related to truck and rail loading and unloading; and

 &#149; 

 Terrorist attacks or threatened attacks on our facilities or
 those of other energy companies.

 Any of these risks could result in loss of human life, personal
 injuries, significant damage to property, environmental
 pollution, impairment of our operations and substantial losses
 to us. In accordance with customary industry practice, we
 maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and
 losses, and only at levels we believe to be appropriate. The
 location of certain segments of our facilities in or near
 populated areas, including residential areas, commercial
 business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level
 of damages resulting from these risks. In spite of our
 precautions, an event such as those described above could cause
 considerable harm to people or property and could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
 of operations, particularly if the event is not fully covered by
 insurance. Accidents or other operating risks could further
 result in loss of service available to our customers.

 We do not
 insure against all potential losses and could be seriously
 harmed by unexpected liabilities or by the inability of our
 insurers to satisfy our claims. 

 We are not fully insured against all risks inherent to our
 business, including environmental accidents. We do not maintain
 insurance in the type and amount to cover all possible risks of
 loss.

 We currently maintain excess liability insurance that covers us,
 our subsidiaries and certain of our affiliates for legal and
 contractual liabilities arising out of bodily injury or property
 damage, including resulting loss of use to third parties. This
 excess liability insurance includes coverage for sudden and
 accidental pollution liability.

 28

 Table of Contents 

 Although we maintain property insurance on certain physical
 assets that we own, lease or are responsible to insure, the
 policy may not cover the full replacement cost of all damaged
 assets or the entire amount of business interruption loss we may
 experience. In addition, certain perils may be excluded from
 coverage or
 sub-limited. 
 We may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type
 and amount we desire at reasonable rates. We may elect to self
 insure a portion of our risks. All of our insurance is subject
 to deductibles. If a significant accident or event occurs for
 which we are not fully insured it could adversely affect our
 operations and financial condition.

 In addition, any insurance company that provides coverage to us
 may experience negative developments that could impair their
 ability to pay any of our claims. As a result, we could be
 exposed to greater losses than anticipated and may have to
 obtain replacement insurance, if available, at a greater cost.

 Potential
 changes in accounting standards might cause us to revise our
 financial results and disclosures in the future, which might
 change the way analysts measure our business or financial
 performance. 

 Regulators and legislators continue to take a renewed look at
 accounting practices, financial and reserves disclosures and
 companies&#146; relationships with their independent public
 accounting firms and reserves consultants. It remains unclear
 what new laws or regulations will be adopted, and we cannot
 predict the ultimate impact of that any such new laws or
 regulations could have. In addition, the Financial Accounting
 Standards Board or the SEC could enact new accounting standards
 that might impact how we are required to record revenues,
 expenses, assets, liabilities and equity. Any significant change
 in accounting standards or disclosure requirements could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
 and financial condition.

 Our
 investments and projects located outside of the United States
 expose us to risks related to the laws of other countries, and
 the taxes, economic conditions, fluctuations in currency rates,
 political conditions and policies of foreign governments. These
 risks might delay or reduce our realization of value from our
 international projects. 

 We currently own and might acquire
 and/or 
 dispose of material energy-related investments and projects
 outside the United States, principally Argentina and Colombia.
 The economic, political and legal conditions and regulatory
 environment in the countries in which we have interests or in
 which we might pursue acquisition or investment opportunities
 present risks that are different from or greater than those in
 the United States. These risks include delays in
 construction and interruption of business, as well as risks of
 war, expropriation, nationalization, renegotiation, trade
 sanctions or nullification of existing contracts and changes in
 law or tax policy, including with respect to the prices we
 realize for the commodities we produce and sell. The uncertainty
 of the legal environment in certain foreign countries in which
 we develop or acquire projects or make investments could make it
 more difficult to obtain nonrecourse project financing or other
 financing on suitable terms, could adversely affect the ability
 of certain customers to honor their obligations with respect to
 such projects or investments and could impair our ability to
 enforce our rights under agreements relating to such projects or
 investments.

 Operations and investments in foreign countries also can present
 currency exchange rate and convertibility, inflation and
 repatriation risk. In certain situations under which we develop
 or acquire projects or make investments, economic and monetary
 conditions and other factors could affect our ability to convert
 to U.S. dollars our earnings denominated in foreign
 currencies. In addition, risk from fluctuations in currency
 exchange rates can arise when our foreign subsidiaries expend or
 borrow funds in one type of currency, but receive revenue in
 another. In such cases, an adverse change in exchange rates can
 reduce our ability to meet expenses, including debt service
 obligations. We may or may not put contracts in place designed
 to mitigate our foreign currency exchange risks. We have some
 exposures that are not hedged and which could result in losses
 or volatility in our results of operations.

 29

 Table of Contents 

 Our
 operating results might fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly
 basis. 

 Our revenues can have seasonal characteristics. In many parts of
 the country, demand for natural gas and other fuels peaks during
 the winter. As a result, our overall operating results in the
 future might fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. Demand
 for natural gas and other fuels could vary significantly from
 our expectations depending on the nature and location of our
 facilities and the terms of our natural gas transportation
 arrangements relative to demand created by unusual weather
 patterns.

 Our debt
 agreements impose restrictions on us that may limit our access
 to credit and adversely affect our ability to operate our
 business. 

 Our Credit Facility contains various covenants that restrict or
 limit, among other things, our ability to grant liens to support
 indebtedness, merge or sell substantially all of our assets,
 make investments, loans or advances and enter into certain
 hedging agreements, make certain distributions, incur additional
 debt and enter into certain affiliate transactions. In addition,
 our Credit Facility contains financial covenants and other
 limitations with which we will need to comply and which may
 limit our ability to borrow under the facility. Similarly, the
 indenture governing the Notes restricts our ability to grant
 liens to secure certain types of indebtedness and merge or sell
 substantially all of our assets. These covenants could adversely
 affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital
 needs or engage in, expand or pursue our business activities and
 prevent us from engaging in certain transactions that might
 otherwise be considered beneficial to us. Our ability to comply
 with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our
 control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry
 conditions. If market or other economic conditions deteriorate,
 our current assumptions about future economic conditions turn
 out to be incorrect or unexpected events occur, our ability to
 comply with these covenants may be significantly impaired.

 Our failure to comply with the covenants in our debt agreements
 could result in events of default. Upon the occurrence of such
 an event of default, the lenders could elect to declare all
 amounts outstanding under a particular facility to be
 immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments, if
 any, to extend further credit. Certain payment defaults or an
 acceleration under one debt agreement could cause a
 cross-default or cross-acceleration of another debt agreement.
 Such a cross-default or cross-acceleration could have a wider
 impact on our liquidity than might otherwise arise from a
 default or acceleration of a single debt instrument. If an event
 of default occurs, or if other debt agreements cross-default,
 and the lenders under the affected debt agreements accelerate
 the maturity of any loans or other debt outstanding to us, we
 may not have sufficient liquidity to repay amounts outstanding
 under such debt agreements. For more information regarding our
 anticipated debt agreements, please read &#147;Description of
 Material Indebtedness.&#148;

 Our ability to repay, extend or refinance our debt obligations
 and to obtain future credit will depend primarily on our
 operating performance, which will be affected by general
 economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory,
 business and other factors, many of which are beyond our
 control. Our ability to refinance our debt obligations or obtain
 future credit will also depend upon the current conditions in
 the credit markets and the availability of credit generally. If
 we are unable to meet our debt service obligations or obtain
 future credit on favorable terms, if at all, we could be forced
 to restructure or refinance our indebtedness, seek additional
 equity capital or sell assets. We may be unable to obtain
 financing or sell assets on satisfactory terms, or at all.

 Difficult
 conditions in the global capital markets, the credit markets and
 the economy in general could negatively affect our business and
 results of operations. 

 Our business may be negatively impacted by adverse economic
 conditions or future disruptions in global financial markets.
 Included among these potential negative impacts are reduced
 energy demand and lower commodity prices, increased difficulty
 in collecting amounts owed to us by our customers and reduced
 access to credit markets. Our ability to access the capital
 markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need,
 to raise financing. If financing is not available when needed,
 or is available only on unfavorable terms, we may be unable to
 implement our business plans or otherwise take advantage of
 business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures.

 30

 Table of Contents 

 We are
 subject to risks associated with climate change. 

 There is a growing belief that emissions of greenhouse gases
 (&#147;GHGs&#148;) may be linked to climate change. Climate
 change and the costs that may be associated with its impacts and
 the regulation of GHGs have the potential to affect our business
 in many ways, including negatively impacting the costs we incur
 in providing our products and services, the demand for and
 consumption of our products and services (due to change in both
 costs and weather patterns), and the economic health of the
 regions in which we operate, all of which can create financial
 risks.

 In addition, legislative and regulatory responses related to
 GHGs and climate change create the potential for financial risk.
 The U.S. Congress has previously considered legislation and
 certain states have for some time been considering various forms
 of legislation related to GHG emissions. There have also been
 international efforts seeking legally binding reductions in
 emissions of GHGs. In addition, increased public awareness and
 concern may result in more state, regional
 and/or 
 federal requirements to reduce or mitigate GHG emissions.

 Numerous states have announced or adopted programs to stabilize
 and reduce GHGs. In addition, on December 7, 2009, the EPA
 issued a final determination that six GHGs are a threat to
 public safety and welfare. Also in 2009, the EPA finalized a GHG
 emission standard for mobile sources. On September 22,
 2009, the EPA finalized a GHG reporting rule that requires large
 sources of GHG emissions to monitor, maintain records on, and
 annually report their GHG emissions. On November 8, 2010,
 the EPA also issued GHG monitoring and reporting regulations
 that went into effect on December 30, 2010, specifically
 for oil and natural gas facilities, including onshore and
 offshore oil and natural gas production facilities that emit
 25,000 metric tons or more of carbon dioxide equivalent per
 year. The rule requires reporting of GHG emissions by regulated
 facilities to the EPA by March 2012 for emissions during 2011
 and annually thereafter. We are required to report our GHG
 emissions to the EPA by March 2012 under this rule. The EPA also
 issued a final rule that makes certain stationary sources and
 newer modification projects subject to permitting requirements
 for GHG emissions, beginning in 2011, under the CAA. Several of
 the EPA&#146;s GHG rules are being challenged in pending court
 proceedings, and depending on the outcome of such proceedings,
 such rules may be modified or rescinded or the EPA could develop
 new rules.

 The recent actions of the EPA and the passage of any federal or
 state climate change laws or regulations could result in
 increased costs to (i) operate and maintain our facilities,
 (ii) install new emission controls on our facilities and
 (iii) administer and manage any GHG emissions program. If
 we are unable to recover or pass through a significant level of
 our costs related to complying with climate change regulatory
 requirements imposed on us, it could have a material adverse
 effect on our results of operations and financial condition. To
 the extent financial markets view climate change and GHG
 emissions as a financial risk, this could negatively impact our
 cost of and access to capital. Legislation or regulations that
 may be adopted to address climate change could also affect the
 markets for our products by making our products more or less
 desirable than competing sources of energy.

 Our
 operations are subject to governmental laws and regulations
 relating to the protection of the environment, which may expose
 us to significant costs and liabilities that could exceed
 current expectations. 

 Substantial costs, liabilities, delays and other significant
 issues could arise from environmental laws and regulations
 inherent in drilling and well completion, gathering,
 transportation, and storage, and we may incur substantial costs
 and liabilities in the performance of these types of operations.
 Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local
 laws and regulations governing environmental protection, the
 discharge of materials into the environment and the security of
 chemical and industrial facilities. These laws include:

 &#149; 

 Clean Air Act (&#147;CAA&#148;) and analogous state laws, which
 impose obligations related to air emissions;

 &#149; 

 Clean Water Act (&#147;CWA&#148;), and analogous state laws,
 which regulate discharge of wastewaters and storm water from
 some our facilities into state and federal waters, including
 wetlands;

 31

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 

 Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and
 Liability Act (&#147;CERCLA&#148;), and analogous state laws,
 which regulate the cleanup of hazardous substances that may have
 been released at properties currently or previously owned or
 operated by us or locations to which we have sent wastes for
 disposal;

 &#149; 

 Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (&#147;RCRA&#148;), and
 analogous state laws, which impose requirements for the handling
 and discharge of solid and hazardous waste from our facilities;

 &#149; 

 National Environmental Policy Act (&#147;NEPA&#148;), which
 requires federal agencies to study likely environment impacts of
 a proposed federal action before it is approved, such as
 drilling on federal lands;

 &#149; 

 Safe Drinking Water Act (&#147;SDWA&#148;), which restricts the
 disposal, treatment or release of water produced or used during
 oil and gas development;

 &#149; 

 Endangered Species Act (&#147;ESA&#148;), and analogous state
 laws, which seek to ensure that activities do not jeopardize
 endangered or threatened animals, fish and plant species, nor
 destroy or modify the critical habitat of such species; and

 &#149; 

 Oil Pollution Act (&#147;OPA&#148;) of 1990, which requires oil
 storage facilities and vessels to submit to the federal
 government plans detailing how they will respond to large
 discharges, requires updates to technology and equipment,
 regulation of above ground storage tanks and sets forth
 liability for spills by responsible parties.

 Various governmental authorities, including the
 U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (&#147;EPA&#148;), the
 U.S. Department of the Interior, the Bureau of Indian
 Affairs and analogous state agencies and tribal governments,
 have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and
 regulations and the permits issued under them, oftentimes
 requiring difficult and costly actions. Failure to comply with
 these laws, regulations and permits may result in the assessment
 of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition
 of remedial obligations, the imposition of stricter conditions
 on or revocation of permits, the issuance of injunctions
 limiting or preventing some or all of our operations, delays in
 granting permits and cancellation of leases.

 There is inherent risk of the incurrence of environmental costs
 and liabilities in our business, some of which may be material,
 due to the handling of our products as they are gathered,
 transported, processed and stored, air emissions related to our
 operations, historical industry operations, and water and waste
 disposal practices. Joint and several, strict liability may be
 incurred without regard to fault under certain environmental
 laws and regulations, including CERCLA, RCRA and analogous state
 laws, for the remediation of contaminated areas and in
 connection with spills or releases of natural gas, oil and
 wastes on, under, or from our properties and facilities. Private
 parties may have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce
 compliance as well as to seek damages for non-compliance with
 environmental laws and regulations or for personal injury or
 property damage arising from our operations. Some sites at which
 we operate are located near current or former third-party oil
 and natural gas operations or facilities, and there is a risk
 that contamination has migrated from those sites to ours. In
 addition, increasingly strict laws, regulations and enforcement
 policies could materially increase our compliance costs and the
 cost of any remediation that may become necessary. Our insurance
 may not cover all environmental risks and costs or may not
 provide sufficient coverage if an environmental claim is made
 against us.

 In March 2010, the EPA announced its National Enforcement
 Initiatives for 2011 to 2013, which includes the addition of
 &#147;Energy Extraction Activities&#148; to its enforcement
 priorities list. To address its concerns regarding the pollution
 risks raised by new techniques for oil and gas extraction and
 coal mining, the EPA is developing an initiative to ensure that
 energy extraction activities are complying with federal
 environmental requirements. This initiative could involve a
 large scale investigation of our facilities and processes, and
 could lead to potential enforcement actions, penalties or
 injunctive relief against us.

 Our business may be adversely affected by increased costs due to
 stricter pollution control equipment requirements or liabilities
 resulting from non-compliance with required operating or other
 regulatory permits.

 32

 Table of Contents 

 Also, we might not be able to obtain or maintain from time to
 time all required environmental regulatory approvals for our
 operations. If there is a delay in obtaining any required
 environmental regulatory approvals, or if we fail to obtain and
 comply with them, the operation or construction of our
 facilities could be prevented or become subject to additional
 costs.

 We are generally responsible for all liabilities associated with
 the environmental condition of our facilities and assets,
 whether acquired or developed, regardless of when the
 liabilities arose and whether they are known or unknown. In
 connection with certain acquisitions and divestitures, we could
 acquire, or be required to provide indemnification against,
 environmental liabilities that could expose us to material
 losses, which may not be covered by insurance. In addition, the
 steps we could be required to take to bring certain facilities
 into compliance could be prohibitively expensive, and we might
 be required to shut down, divest or alter the operation of those
 facilities, which might cause us to incur losses.

 We make assumptions and develop expectations about possible
 expenditures related to environmental conditions based on
 current laws and regulations and current interpretations of
 those laws and regulations. If the interpretation of laws or
 regulations, or the laws and regulations themselves, change, our
 assumptions may change, and any new capital costs may be
 incurred to comply with such changes. In addition, new
 environmental laws and regulations might adversely affect our
 products and activities, including drilling, processing, storage
 and transportation, as well as waste management and air
 emissions. For instance, federal and state agencies could impose
 additional safety requirements, any of which could affect our
 profitability.

 Our exploration and production operations outside the United
 States are subject to various types of regulations similar to
 those described above imposed by the governments of the
 countries in which we operate, and may affect our operations and
 costs within those countries.

 Legislation
 and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing
 could result in increased costs and additional operating
 restrictions or delays. 

 Legislation has been introduced in the United States Congress
 called the Fracturing Responsibility and Awareness of Chemicals
 Act (the &#147;FRAC Act&#148;) to amend the SDWA to eliminate an
 existing exemption for hydraulic fracturing activities from the
 definition of &#147;underground injection&#148; and require
 federal permitting and regulatory control of hydraulic
 fracturing, as well as require disclosure of the chemical
 constituents of the fluids used in the fracturing process.
 Hydraulic fracturing involves the injection of water, sand and
 additives under pressure into rock formations in order to
 stimulate natural gas production. We find that the use of
 hydraulic fracturing is necessary to produce commercial
 quantities of natural gas and oil from many reservoirs. If
 adopted, this legislation could establish an additional level of
 regulation and permitting at the federal level, and could make
 it easier for third parties opposed to the hydraulic fracturing
 process to initiate legal proceedings based on allegations that
 specific chemicals used in the fracturing process could
 adversely affect the environment, including groundwater, soil or
 surface water. At this time, it is not clear what action, if
 any, the United States Congress will take on the FRAC Act.
 Scrutiny of hydraulic fracturing activities continues in other
 ways, with the EPA having commenced a multi-year study of the
 potential environmental impacts of hydraulic fracturing, the
 initial results of which are anticipated to be available by late
 2012. On October 21, 2011, the EPA announced its intention
 to propose regulations by 2014 under the CWA to regulate
 wastewater discharges from hydraulic fracturing and other
 natural gas production. In addition to the EPA study, the Shale
 Gas Subcommittee of the Secretary of Energy Advisory Board
 issued a report on hydraulic fracturing in August 2011, which
 includes recommendations to address concerns related to
 hydraulic fracturing and shale gas production, including but not
 limited to conducting additional field studies on possible
 methane leakage from shale gas wells to water reservoirs and
 adopting new rules and enforcement practices to protect drinking
 and surface waters. The U.S. Government Accountability
 Office is also examining the environmental impacts of produced
 water and the White House Counsel for Environmental Quality has
 been petitioned by environmental groups to develop a
 programmatic environmental impact statement under NEPA for
 hydraulic fracturing. Several states have also adopted or
 considered legislation requiring the disclosure of fracturing
 fluids and other restrictions on hydraulic fracturing, including
 states in which we operate (e.g., Wyoming, Pennsylvania, Texas,
 Colorado, North Dakota and New Mexico). The U.S. Department
 of the Interior is also considering disclosure requirements or
 other mandates for hydraulic fracturing on federal land, which,
 if

 33

 Table of Contents 

 adopted, would affect our operations on federal lands. If new
 federal or state laws or regulations that significantly restrict
 hydraulic fracturing are adopted, such legal requirements could
 result in delays, eliminate certain drilling and injection
 activities, make it more difficult or costly for us to perform
 fracturing and increase our costs of compliance and doing
 business as well as delay or prevent the development of
 unconventional gas resources from shale formations which are not
 commercial without the use of hydraulic fracturing.

 Our
 ability to produce gas could be impaired if we are unable to
 acquire adequate supplies of water for our drilling and
 completion operations or are unable to dispose of the water we
 use at a reasonable cost and within applicable environmental
 rules. 

 Our inability to locate sufficient amounts of water, or dispose
 of or recycle water used in our exploration and production
 operations, could adversely impact our operations, particularly
 with respect to our Marcellus Shale, San Juan Basin, Bakken
 Shale and Piceance Basin operations. Moreover, the imposition of
 new environmental initiatives and regulations could include
 restrictions on our ability to conduct certain operations such
 as hydraulic fracturing or disposal of waste, including, but not
 limited to, produced water, drilling fluids and other wastes
 associated with the exploration, development or production of
 natural gas. The CWA imposes restrictions and strict controls
 regarding the discharge of produced waters and other natural gas
 and oil waste into navigable waters. Permits must be obtained to
 discharge pollutants to waters and to conduct construction
 activities in waters and wetlands. The CWA and similar state
 laws provide for civil, criminal and administrative penalties
 for any unauthorized discharges of pollutants and unauthorized
 discharges of reportable quantities of oil and other hazardous
 substances. Many state discharge regulations and the Federal
 National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System general permits
 issued by the EPA prohibit the discharge of produced water and
 sand, drilling fluids, drill cuttings and certain other
 substances related to the natural gas and oil industry into
 coastal waters. The EPA has also adopted regulations requiring
 certain natural gas and oil exploration and production
 facilities to obtain permits for storm water discharges. In
 addition, on October 21, 2011, the EPA announced its
 intention to propose regulations by 2014 under the CWA to
 regulate wastewater discharges from hydraulic fracturing and
 other natural gas production. Compliance with current and future
 environmental regulations and permit requirements governing the
 withdrawal, storage and use of surface water or groundwater
 necessary for hydraulic fracturing of wells may increase our
 operating costs and cause delays, interruptions or termination
 of our operations, the extent of which cannot be predicted.

 Legal and
 regulatory proceedings and investigations relating to the energy
 industry, and the complex government regulations to which our
 businesses are subject, have adversely affected our business and
 may continue to do so. The operation of our businesses might
 also be adversely affected by changes in regulations or in their
 interpretation or implementation, or the introduction of new
 laws, regulations or permitting requirements applicable to our
 businesses or our customers. 

 Public and regulatory scrutiny of the energy industry has
 resulted in increased regulations being either proposed or
 implemented. Adverse effects may continue as a result of the
 uncertainty of ongoing inquiries, investigations and court
 proceedings, or additional inquiries and proceedings by federal
 or state regulatory agencies or private plaintiffs. In addition,
 we cannot predict the outcome of any of these inquiries or
 whether these inquiries will lead to additional legal
 proceedings against us, civil or criminal fines or penalties, or
 other regulatory action, including legislation or increased
 permitting requirements. Current legal proceedings or other
 matters against us, including environmental matters, suits,
 regulatory appeals, challenges to our permits by citizen groups
 and similar matters, might result in adverse decisions against
 us. The result of such adverse decisions, either individually or
 in the aggregate, could be material and may not be covered fully
 or at all by insurance.

 In addition, existing regulations might be revised or
 reinterpreted, new laws, regulations and permitting requirements
 might be adopted or become applicable to us, our facilities, our
 customers, our vendors or our service providers, and future
 changes in laws and regulations could have a material adverse
 effect on our financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows. For example, several ruptures on third party
 pipelines have occurred recently. In response, various
 legislative and regulatory reforms associated with pipeline
 safety

 34

 Table of Contents 

 and integrity have been proposed, including new regulations
 covering gathering pipelines that have not previously been
 subject to regulation. Such reforms, if adopted, could
 significantly increase our costs.

 Certain
 of our properties, including our operations in the Bakken Shale,
 are located on Native American tribal lands and are subject to
 various federal and tribal approvals and regulations, which may
 increase our costs and delay or prevent our efforts to conduct
 planned operations. 

 Various federal agencies within the U.S. Department of the
 Interior, particularly the Bureau of Indian Affairs, Bureau of
 Land Management (&#147;BLM&#148;) and the Office of Natural
 Resources Revenue, along with each Native American tribe,
 promulgate and enforce regulations pertaining to gas and oil
 operations on Native American tribal lands. These regulations
 and approval requirements relate to such matters as lease
 provisions, drilling and production requirements, environmental
 standards and royalty considerations. In addition, each Native
 American tribe is a sovereign nation having the right to enforce
 laws and regulations and to grant approvals independent from
 federal, state and local statutes and regulations. These tribal
 laws and regulations include various taxes, fees, requirements
 to employ Native American tribal members and other conditions
 that apply to lessees, operators and contractors conducting
 operations on Native American tribal lands. Lessees and
 operators conducting operations on tribal lands are generally
 subject to the Native American tribal court system. In addition,
 if our relationships with any of the relevant Native American
 tribes were to deteriorate, we could face significant risks to
 our ability to continue the projected development of our leases
 on Native American tribal lands. One or more of these factors
 may increase our costs of doing business on Native American
 tribal lands and impact the viability of, or prevent or delay
 our ability to conduct, our natural gas or oil development and
 production operations on such lands.

 Tax laws
 and regulations may change over time, including the elimination
 of federal income tax deductions currently available with
 respect to oil and gas exploration and development. 

 Tax laws and regulations are highly complex and subject to
 interpretation, and the tax laws, treaties and regulations to
 which we are subject may change over time. Our tax filings are
 based upon our interpretation of the tax laws in effect in
 various jurisdictions at the time that the filings were made. If
 these laws, treaties or regulations change, or if the taxing
 authorities do not agree with our interpretation of the effects
 of such laws, treaties and regulations, it could have a material
 adverse effect on us.

 Among the changes contained in President Obama&#146;s budget
 proposal for fiscal year 2012, released by the White House on
 February 14, 2011, is the elimination of certain
 U.S. federal income tax provisions currently available to
 oil and gas exploration and production companies. Such changes
 include, but are not limited to, (i) the repeal of the
 percentage depletion allowance for oil and gas properties;
 (ii) the elimination of current expensing of intangible
 drilling and development costs; (iii) the elimination of
 the deduction for certain U.S. production activities; and
 (iv) an extension of the amortization period for certain
 geological and geophysical expenditures. Members of Congress
 have introduced legislation with similar provisions in the
 current session. It is unclear, however, whether any such
 changes will be enacted or how soon such changes could be
 effective.

 The passage of any legislation as a result of the budget
 proposal or any other similar change in U.S. federal income
 tax law could eliminate certain tax deductions that are
 currently available with respect to oil and gas exploration and
 development. The elimination of such federal tax deductions, as
 well as any changes to or the imposition of new state or local
 taxes (including the imposition of, or increases in production,
 severance, or similar taxes) could negatively affect our
 financial condition and results of operations.

 35

 Table of Contents 

 Our
 acquisition attempts may not be successful or may result in
 completed acquisitions that do not perform as
 anticipated. 

 We have made and may continue to make acquisitions of businesses
 and properties. However, suitable acquisition candidates may not
 continue to be available on terms and conditions we find
 acceptable. The following are some of the risks associated with
 acquisitions, including any completed or future acquisitions:

 &#149; 

 some of the acquired businesses or properties may not produce
 revenues, reserves, earnings or cash flow at anticipated levels
 or could have environmental, permitting or other problems for
 which contractual protections prove inadequate;

 &#149; 

 we may assume liabilities that were not disclosed to us or that
 exceed our estimates;

 &#149; 

 properties we acquire may be subject to burdens on title that we
 were not aware of at the time of acquisition or that interfere
 with our ability to hold the property for production;

 &#149; 

 we may be unable to integrate acquired businesses successfully
 and realize anticipated economic, operational and other benefits
 in a timely manner, which could result in substantial costs and
 delays or other operational, technical or financial problems;

 &#149; 

 acquisitions could disrupt our ongoing business, distract
 management, divert resources and make it difficult to maintain
 our current business standards, controls and procedures; and

 &#149; 

 we may issue additional equity or debt securities related to
 future acquisitions.

 Substantial
 acquisitions or other transactions could require significant
 external capital and could change our risk and property
 profile. 

 In order to finance acquisitions of additional producing or
 undeveloped properties, we may need to alter or increase our
 capitalization substantially through the issuance of debt or
 equity securities, the sale of production payments or other
 means. These changes in capitalization may significantly affect
 our risk profile. Additionally, significant acquisitions or
 other transactions can change the character of our operations
 and business. The character of the new properties may be
 substantially different in operating or geological
 characteristics or geographic location than our existing
 properties. Furthermore, we may not be able to obtain external
 funding for future acquisitions or other transactions or to
 obtain external funding on terms acceptable to us.

 Failure
 of our service providers or disruptions to our outsourcing
 relationships might negatively impact our ability to conduct our
 business. 

 We rely on Williams for certain services necessary for us to be
 able to conduct our business. Williams may outsource some or all
 of these services to third parties, and a failure of all or part
 of Williams&#146; relationships with its outsourcing providers
 could lead to delays in or interruptions of these services. Our
 reliance on Williams and others as service providers and on
 Williams&#146; outsourcing relationships, and our limited
 ability to control certain costs, could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, results of operations and financial
 condition.

 Some studies indicate a high failure rate of outsourcing
 relationships. A deterioration in the timeliness or quality of
 the services performed by the outsourcing providers or a failure
 of all or part of these relationships could lead to loss of
 institutional knowledge and interruption of services necessary
 for us to be able to conduct our business. The expiration of
 such agreements or the transition of services between providers
 could lead to similar losses of institutional knowledge or
 disruptions.

 Certain of our accounting, information technology, application
 development and help desk services are currently provided by
 Williams&#146; outsourcing provider from service centers outside
 of the United States. The economic and political conditions in
 certain countries from which Williams&#146; outsourcing
 providers may provide services to us present similar risks of
 business operations located outside of the United States,

 36

 Table of Contents 

 including risks of interruption of business, war, expropriation,
 nationalization, renegotiation, trade sanctions or nullification
 of existing contracts and changes in law or tax policy, that are
 greater than in the United States.

 Our
 assets and operations can be adversely affected by weather and
 other natural phenomena. 

 Our assets and operations can be adversely affected by
 hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes and other natural
 phenomena and weather conditions, including extreme
 temperatures. Insurance may be inadequate, and in some
 instances, we have been unable to obtain insurance on
 commercially reasonable terms, or insurance has not been
 available at all. A significant disruption in operations or a
 significant liability for which we were not fully insured could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
 operations and financial condition.

 Our customers&#146; energy needs vary with weather conditions.
 To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change
 or demand is impacted by regulations associated with climate
 change, customers&#146; energy use could increase or decrease
 depending on the duration and magnitude of the changes, leading
 either to increased investment or decreased revenues.

 Acts of
 terrorism could have a material adverse effect on our financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 Our assets and the assets of our customers and others may be
 targets of terrorist activities that could disrupt our business
 or cause significant harm to our operations, such as full or
 partial disruption to the ability to produce, process, transport
 or distribute natural gas, oil, or NGLs. Acts of terrorism as
 well as events occurring in response to or in connection with
 acts of terrorism could cause environmental repercussions that
 could result in a significant decrease in revenues or
 significant reconstruction or remediation costs.

 We have
 identified two material weaknesses in our internal controls over
 financial reporting. Our failure to achieve and maintain
 effective internal controls could have a material adverse effect
 on our business in the future, on the price of our common stock
 and our access to the capital markets. 

 Although we are not currently subject to the requirements of
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 (&#147;Sarbanes-Oxley&#148;), during the preparation of our
 financial statements for each of the three years in the period
 ended December 31, 2010 and for the three months ended
 March 31, 2011, two material weaknesses (as defined under
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Standard
 No. 5) in our internal controls were identified: one
 relating to the timing of the recognition of certain compression
 deficiency obligations under compression service agreements, and
 one reflecting the aggregation of two significant deficiencies
 relating to aspects of depreciation, depletion and amortization
 of property, plant and equipment. As a result of these material
 weaknesses, adjustments to the estimated carrying value of
 property, plant and equipment aggregating approximately
 $20 million on a pre-tax basis have been reflected in our
 financial statements as of December 31, 2010 and
 adjustments to gathering, processing and transportation expense
 aggregating approximately $14 million on a pre-tax basis
 have been reflected in our income statements for the years ended
 December 31, 2008, 2009 and 2010. We have taken steps to
 remediate the internal controls related to the material
 weaknesses, although we cannot provide assurance that these
 steps will prove to be effective. See Note 2 of Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements.

 We cannot be certain that future significant deficiencies or
 material weaknesses will not develop or be identified. As of
 December 31, 2012, we will be required to assess the
 effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
 under Sarbanes-Oxley, and we will be required to have our
 independent registered public accounting firm audit the
 operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial
 reporting. If we or our independent registered public accounting
 firm were to conclude that our internal control over financial
 reporting was not effective, investors could lose confidence in
 our reported financial information, the price of our common
 stock could decline and access to the capital markets or other
 sources of financing could be limited.

 37

 Table of Contents 

 Risks
 Related to the Spin-Off 

 We may
 not realize the potential benefits from our separation from
 Williams. 

 We may not realize the benefits that we anticipate from our
 separation from Williams. These benefits include the following:

 &#149; 

 allowing our management to focus its efforts on our business and
 strategic priorities;

 &#149; 

 enhancing our market recognition with investors;

 &#149; 

 providing us with direct access to the debt and equity capital
 markets;

 &#149; 

 improving our ability to pursue acquisitions through the use of
 shares of our common stock as consideration; and

 &#149; 

 enabling us to allocate our capital more efficiently.

 We may not achieve the anticipated benefits from our separation
 for a variety of reasons. For example, the process of separating
 our business from Williams and operating as an independent
 public company may distract our management from focusing on our
 business and strategic priorities. In addition, although we will
 have direct access to the debt and equity capital markets
 following the separation, we may not be able to issue debt or
 equity on terms acceptable to us or at all. The availability of
 shares of our common stock for use as consideration for
 acquisitions also will not ensure that we will be able to
 successfully pursue acquisitions or that the acquisitions will
 be successful. Moreover, even with equity compensation tied to
 our business we may not be able to attract and retain employees
 as desired. We also may not fully realize the anticipated
 benefits from our separation if any of the matters identified as
 risks in this &#147;Risk Factors&#148; section were to occur. If
 we do not realize the anticipated benefits from our separation
 for any reason, our business may be materially adversely
 affected.

 The
 combined value of Williams and WPX shares after the spin-off may
 not equal or exceed the value of Williams shares prior to the
 spin-off. 

 After the spin-off, Williams&#146; common stock will continue to
 be listed and traded on the NYSE under the symbol
 &#147;WMB.&#148; We have applied to list our common stock
 authorized on the NYSE under the symbol &#147;WPX.&#148; We
 cannot assure you that the combined trading prices of Williams
 common stock and WPX common stock after the spin-off, as
 adjusted for any changes in the combined capitalization of these
 companies, will be equal to or greater than the trading price of
 Williams common stock prior to the spin-off. Until the market
 has fully evaluated the business of Williams without the
 exploration and production business, the price at which Williams
 common stock trades may fluctuate significantly. Similarly,
 until the market has fully evaluated our company, the price at
 which WPX common stock trades may fluctuate significantly.

 Our
 historical and pro forma combined financial information may not
 be representative of the results we would have achieved as a
 stand-alone public company and may not be a reliable indicator
 of our future results. 

 The historical and pro forma combined financial information that
 we have included in this information statement has been derived
 from Williams&#146; accounting records and may not necessarily
 reflect what our financial position, results of operations or
 cash flows would have been had we been an independent,
 stand-alone entity during the periods presented or those that we
 will achieve in the future. Williams did not account for us, and
 we were not operated, as a separate, stand-alone company for the
 historical periods presented. The costs and expenses reflected
 in our historical financial information include an allocation
 for certain corporate functions historically provided by
 Williams, including executive oversight, cash management and
 treasury administration, financing and accounting, tax, internal
 audit, investor relations, payroll and human resources
 administration, information technology, legal, regulatory and
 government affairs, insurance and claims administration, records
 management, real estate and facilities management, sourcing and
 procurement, mail, print and other office services, and other
 services, that may be different from the comparable expenses
 that we would have incurred had we operated as a stand-alone
 company. These allocations were based on what we and

 38

 Table of Contents 

 Williams considered to be reasonable reflections of the
 historical utilization levels of these services required in
 support of our business. We have not adjusted our historical or
 pro forma combined financial information to reflect changes that
 will occur in our cost structure and operations as a result of
 our transition to becoming a stand-alone public company,
 including changes in our employee base, potential increased
 costs associated with reduced economies of scale, the provision
 of letters of credit in lieu of Williams guarantees to support
 certain contracts and increased costs associated with the SEC
 reporting and the NYSE requirements. Therefore, our historical
 and pro forma combined financial information may not necessarily
 be indicative of what our financial position, results of
 operations or cash flows will be in the future. For additional
 information, see &#147;Selected Historical Combined Financial
 Data&#148; and &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,&#148; and our
 financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in
 this information statement.

 Our costs
 may increase as a result of operating as a public company, and
 our management will be required to devote substantial time to
 complying with public company regulations. 

 We have historically operated our business as a segment of a
 public company. As a stand-alone public company, we may incur
 additional legal, accounting, compliance and other expenses that
 we have not incurred historically. After the spin-off, we will
 become obligated to file with the SEC annual and quarterly
 information and other reports that are specified in
 Section 13 and other sections of the Exchange Act. We will
 also be required to ensure that we have the ability to prepare
 financial statements that are fully compliant with all SEC
 reporting requirements on a timely basis. In addition, we will
 also become subject to other reporting and corporate governance
 requirements, including certain requirements of the NYSE, and
 certain provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley and the regulations
 promulgated thereunder, which will impose significant compliance
 obligations upon us.

 Sarbanes-Oxley, as well as new rules subsequently implemented by
 the SEC and the NYSE, have imposed increased regulation and
 disclosure and required enhanced corporate governance practices
 of public companies. We are committed to maintaining high
 standards of corporate governance and public disclosure, and our
 efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards
 in this regard are likely to result in increased marketing,
 selling and administrative expenses and a diversion of
 management&#146;s time and attention from revenue-generating
 activities to compliance activities. These changes will require
 a significant commitment of additional resources. We may not be
 successful in implementing these requirements and implementing
 them could materially adversely affect our business, results of
 operations and financial condition. In addition, if we fail to
 implement the requirements with respect to our internal
 accounting and audit functions, our ability to report our
 operating results on a timely and accurate basis could be
 impaired. If we do not implement such requirements in a timely
 manner or with adequate compliance, we might be subject to
 sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities, such as
 the SEC or the NYSE. Any such action could harm our reputation
 and the confidence of investors and clients in our company and
 could materially adversely affect our business and cause our
 share price to fall.

 Following
 the spin-off, we will continue to depend on Williams to provide
 us with certain services for our business; the services that
 Williams will provide to us following the separation may not be
 sufficient to meet our needs, and we may have difficulty finding
 replacement services or be required to pay increased costs to
 replace these services after our agreements with Williams
 expire. 

 Certain administrative services required by us for the operation
 of our business are currently provided by Williams and its
 subsidiaries, including services related to cash management and
 treasury administration, finance and accounting, tax, internal
 audit, investor relations, payroll and human resources
 administration, information technology, legal, regulatory and
 government affairs, insurance and claims administration, records
 management, real estate and facilities management, sourcing and
 procurement, mail, print and other office services. Prior to the
 completion of the spin-off, we will enter into agreements with
 Williams related to the separation of our business operations
 from Williams, including a transition services agreement. The
 services provided under the transition services agreement will
 commence on the distribution date and terminate upon the earlier
 of (i) one year after the distribution date or
 (ii) sixty days&#146; notice by either party. In addition,

 39

 Table of Contents 

 Williams may immediately terminate any of the services it
 provides to us under the transition services agreement if it
 determines that the provision of such services involves certain
 conflicts of interest between Williams and us or would cause
 Williams to violate applicable law. We believe it is necessary
 for Williams to provide services for us under the transition
 services agreement to facilitate the efficient operation of our
 business as we transition to becoming a stand alone public
 company. We will, as a result, initially depend on Williams for
 services following the completion of the spin-off. While these
 services are being provided to us by Williams, our operational
 flexibility to modify or implement changes with respect to such
 services or the amounts we pay for them will be limited. After
 the expiration or termination of the transition services
 agreement, we may not be able to replace these services or enter
 into appropriate third-party agreements on terms and conditions,
 including cost, comparable to those that we will receive from
 Williams under the transition services agreement. Although we
 intend to replace portions of the services currently provided by
 Williams, we may encounter difficulties replacing certain
 services or be unable to negotiate pricing or other terms as
 favorable as those we currently have in effect. See
 &#147;Arrangements Between Williams and Our
 Company&#151;Transition Services Agreement.&#148;

 Our
 agreements with Williams require us to assume the past, present,
 and future liabilities related to our business and may be less
 favorable to us than if they had been negotiated with
 unaffiliated third parties. 

 We negotiated all of our agreements with Williams as a
 wholly-owned subsidiary of Williams and will enter into these
 agreements prior to the completion of the spin-off. If these
 agreements had been negotiated with unaffiliated third parties,
 they might have been more favorable to us. Pursuant to the
 separation and distribution agreement, we have assumed all past,
 present and future liabilities (other than tax liabilities which
 will be governed by the tax sharing agreement as described
 herein; see &#147;Arrangements Between Williams and Our
 Company&#151;Tax Sharing Agreement&#148;) related to our
 business, and we will agree to indemnify Williams for these
 liabilities, among other matters. Such liabilities include
 unknown liabilities that could be significant. The allocation of
 assets and liabilities between Williams and us may not reflect
 the allocation that would have been reached between two
 unaffiliated parties. See &#147;Arrangements Between Williams
 and Our Company&#148; for a description of these obligations and
 the allocation of liabilities between Williams and us.

 We may
 increase our debt or raise additional capital in the future,
 which could affect our financial health, and may decrease our
 profitability. 

 We may increase our debt or raise additional capital in the
 future, subject to restrictions in our debt agreements. If our
 cash flow from operations is less than we anticipate, or if our
 cash requirements are more than we expect, we may require more
 financing. However, debt or equity financing may not be
 available to us on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we
 incur additional debt or raise equity through the issuance of
 our preferred stock, the terms of the debt or our preferred
 stock issued may give the holders rights, preferences and
 privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock,
 particularly in the event of liquidation. The terms of the debt
 may also impose additional and more stringent restrictions on
 our operations than we currently have. If we raise funds through
 the issuance of additional equity, your ownership in us would be
 diluted. If we are unable to raise additional capital when
 needed, it could affect our financial health, which could
 negatively affect your investment in us.

 Our tax
 sharing agreement with Williams may limit our ability to take
 certain actions and may require us to indemnify Williams for
 significant tax liabilities. 

 Under the tax sharing agreement, we will agree to take
 reasonable action or reasonably refrain from taking action to
 ensure that the spin-off qualifies for tax-free status under
 section 355 and section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code
 (unless the IRS issues other guidance that can be relied on
 conclusively to the effect that a contemplated matter or
 transaction would not jeopardize such tax-free status of the
 spin-off ). We will also make various other covenants in the tax
 sharing agreement intended to ensure the tax-free status of the
 spin-off. These covenants restrict our ability to sell assets
 outside the ordinary course of business, to issue or sell
 additional common stock or other securities (including
 securities convertible into our common stock), or to enter into
 certain other corporate transactions. For example, after the
 spin-off, we may not enter into any

 40

 Table of Contents 

 transaction that would cause us to undergo either a 50% or
 greater change in the ownership of our voting stock or a 50% or
 greater change in the ownership (measured by value) of all
 classes of our stock in transactions considered related to the
 spin-off. See &#147;Arrangements Between Williams and Our
 Company&#151;Tax Sharing Agreement.&#148;

 Further, under the tax sharing agreement, we are required to
 indemnify Williams against certain
 tax-related 
 liabilities incurred by Williams (including any of its
 subsidiaries) relating to the spin-off, to the extent caused by
 our breach of any representations or covenants made in the tax
 sharing agreement or the separation and distribution agreement,
 or made in connection with the private letter ruling or the tax
 opinion. These liabilities include the substantial tax-related
 liability (calculated without regard to any net operating loss
 or other tax attribute of Williams) that would result if the
 spin-off of our stock to Williams stockholders failed to qualify
 as a tax-free transaction.

 We will
 not have complete control over our tax decisions and could be
 liable for income taxes owed by Williams. 

 For any tax periods (or portion thereof) in which Williams owns
 at least 80% of the total voting power and value of our common
 stock, we and our U.S. subsidiaries will be included in
 Williams&#146; consolidated group for U.S. federal income
 tax purposes. In addition, we or one or more of our
 U.S. subsidiaries may be included in the combined,
 consolidated or unitary tax returns of Williams or one or more
 of its subsidiaries for U.S. state or local income tax
 purposes. Under the tax sharing agreement, for each period in
 which we or any of our subsidiaries are consolidated or combined
 with Williams for purposes of any tax return, and with respect
 to which such tax return has not yet been filed, Williams will
 prepare a pro forma tax return for us as if we filed our own
 consolidated, combined or unitary return, except that such pro
 forma tax return will generally include current income,
 deductions, credits and losses from us (with certain
 exceptions), will not include any carryovers or carrybacks of
 losses or credits and will be calculated without regard to the
 federal Alternative Minimum Tax. We will reimburse Williams for
 any taxes shown on the pro forma tax returns, and Williams will
 reimburse us for any current losses or credits we recognize
 based on the pro forma tax returns. In addition, by virtue of
 Williams&#146; controlling ownership and the tax sharing
 agreement, Williams will effectively control all of our
 U.S. tax decisions in connection with any consolidated,
 combined or unitary income tax returns in which we (or any of
 our subsidiaries) are included. The tax sharing agreement
 provides that Williams will have sole authority to respond to
 and conduct all tax proceedings (including tax audits) relating
 to us, to prepare and file all consolidated, combined or unitary
 income tax returns in which we are included on our behalf
 (including the making of any tax elections), and to determine
 the reimbursement amounts in connection with any pro forma tax
 returns. This arrangement may result in conflicts of interest
 between Williams and us. For example, under the tax sharing
 agreement, Williams will be able to choose to contest,
 compromise or settle any adjustment or deficiency proposed by
 the relevant taxing authority in a manner that may be beneficial
 to Williams and detrimental to us. See &#147;Arrangements
 Between Williams and Our Company&#151;Tax Sharing
 Agreement.&#148;

 Moreover, notwithstanding the tax sharing agreement,
 U.S. federal law provides that each member of a
 consolidated group is liable for the group&#146;s entire tax
 obligation. Thus, to the extent Williams or other members of
 Williams&#146; consolidated group fail to make any
 U.S. federal income tax payments required by law, we could
 be liable for the shortfall with respect to periods in which we
 were a member of Williams&#146; consolidated group. Similar
 principles may apply for foreign, state or local income tax
 purposes where we file combined, consolidated or unitary returns
 with Williams or its subsidiaries for federal, foreign, state or
 local income tax purposes.

 If,
 following the completion of the spin-off, there is a
 determination that the spin-off is taxable for U.S. federal
 income tax purposes because the facts, assumptions,
 representations, or undertakings underlying the tax opinion are
 incorrect or for any other reason, then Williams and its
 stockholders could incur significant income tax liabilities, and
 we could incur significant liabilities. 

 The spin-off is conditioned on Williams&#146; receipt of an
 opinion of its outside tax advisor reasonably acceptable to the
 Williams board of directors to the effect that the spin-off will
 not result in the recognition, for U.S. federal income tax
 purposes, of income, gain or loss to Williams and Williams
 stockholders under section 355 and
 section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, except for cash payments
 made to stockholders in lieu of fractional shares of WPX common
 stock that such stockholders would otherwise receive in the
 distribution.

 41

 Table of Contents 

 Williams has received an opinion from its outside tax advisor to
 such effect. In addition, Williams has received a private letter
 ruling from the IRS to the effect that the spin-off will not
 result in the recognition, for federal income tax purposes, of
 income, gain or loss to Williams and Williams stockholders under
 section 355 and section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code,
 except for cash payments made to stockholders in lieu of
 fractional shares of WPX Common Stock that such stockholders
 would otherwise receive in the distribution. The private letter
 ruling and opinion will rely on certain facts, assumptions,
 representations and undertakings from Williams and us regarding
 the past and future conduct of the companies&#146; respective
 businesses and other matters. If any of these facts,
 assumptions, representations, or undertakings are, or become,
 incorrect or not otherwise satisfied, Williams and its
 stockholders may not be able to rely on the private letter
 ruling or the opinion of its tax advisor and could be subject to
 significant tax liabilities. In addition, an opinion of counsel
 is not binding upon the IRS, so, notwithstanding the opinion of
 Williams&#146; tax advisor, the IRS could conclude upon audit
 that the spin-off is taxable in full or in part if it disagrees
 with the conclusions in the opinion, or for other reasons,
 including as a result of certain significant changes in the
 stock ownership of Williams or us after the spin-off. If the
 spin-off is determined to be taxable for U.S. federal
 income tax purposes for any reason, Williams
 and/or its
 stockholders could incur significant income tax liabilities, and
 we could incur significant liabilities. For a discussion of the
 potential tax consequences to Williams stockholders if the
 spin-off is determined to be taxable, see &#147;The
 Spin-Off&#151;U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
 Spin-Off.&#148; For a description of the sharing of such
 liabilities between Williams and us, see &#147;Arrangements
 Between Williams and Our Company&#151;Tax Sharing
 Agreement.&#148;

 Third
 parties may seek to hold us responsible for liabilities of
 Williams that we did not assume in our agreements. 

 Third parties may seek to hold us responsible for retained
 liabilities of Williams. Under our agreements with Williams,
 Williams will agree to indemnify us for claims and losses
 relating to these retained liabilities. However, if those
 liabilities are significant and we are ultimately held liable
 for them, we cannot assure you that we will be able to recover
 the full amount of our losses from Williams.

 Our prior
 and continuing relationship with Williams exposes us to risks
 attributable to businesses of Williams. 

 Williams is obligated to indemnify us for losses that a party
 may seek to impose upon us or our affiliates for liabilities
 relating to the business of Williams that are incurred through a
 breach of the separation and distribution agreement or any
 ancillary agreement by Williams or its affiliates other than us,
 or losses that are attributable to Williams in connection with
 the spin-off or are not expressly assumed by us under our
 agreements with Williams. Immediately following the spin-off,
 any claims made against us that are properly attributable to
 Williams in accordance with these arrangements would require us
 to exercise our rights under our agreements with Williams to
 obtain payment from Williams. We are exposed to the risk that,
 in these circumstances, Williams cannot, or will not, make the
 required payment.

 Our
 directors and executive officers who own shares of common stock
 of Williams, who hold options to acquire common stock of
 Williams or other Williams equity-based awards, or who hold
 positions with Williams, may have actual or potential conflicts
 of interest. 

 Ownership of shares of common stock of Williams, options to
 acquire shares of common stock of Williams and other
 equity-based securities of Williams by certain of our directors
 and officers after the spin-off, and the presence of directors
 of Williams on our board of directors could create, or appear to
 create, potential conflicts of interest when those directors and
 officers are faced with decisions that could have different
 implications for Williams than they do for us. Certain of our
 directors will hold director positions with Williams or
 beneficially own significant amounts of common stock of
 Williams. See &#147;Management.&#148;

 The
 spin-off may expose us to potential liabilities arising out of
 state and federal fraudulent conveyance laws and legal dividend
 requirements. 

 The spin-off is subject to review under various state and
 federal fraudulent conveyance laws. Under these laws, if a court
 in a lawsuit by an unpaid creditor or an entity vested with the
 power of such creditor

 42

 Table of Contents 

 (including without limitation a trustee or
 debtor-in-possession 
 in a bankruptcy by us or Williams or any of our respective
 subsidiaries) were to determine that Williams or any of its
 subsidiaries did not receive fair consideration or reasonably
 equivalent value for distributing our common stock or taking
 other action as part of the spin-off, or that we or any of our
 subsidiaries did not receive fair consideration or reasonably
 equivalent value for incurring indebtedness, including the new
 debt incurred by us in connection with the spin-off,
 transferring assets or taking other action as part of the
 spin-off and, at the time of such action, we, Williams or any of
 our respective subsidiaries (i) was insolvent or would be
 rendered insolvent, (ii) had reasonably small capital with
 which to carry on its business and all business in which it
 intended to engage or (iii) intended to incur, or believed
 it would incur, debts beyond its ability to repay such debts as
 they would mature, then such court could void the spin-off as a
 constructive fraudulent transfer. If such court made this
 determination, the court could impose a number of different
 remedies, including without limitation, voiding our liens and
 claims against Williams, or providing Williams with a claim for
 money damages against us in an amount equal to the difference
 between the consideration received by Williams and the fair
 market value of our company at the time of the spin-off.

 The measure of insolvency for purposes of the fraudulent
 conveyance laws will vary depending on which jurisdiction&#146;s
 law is applied. Generally, however, an entity would be
 considered insolvent if the present fair saleable value of its
 assets is less than (i) the amount of its liabilities
 (including contingent liabilities) or (ii) the amount that
 will be required to pay its probable liabilities on its existing
 debts as they become absolute and mature. No assurance can be
 given as to what standard a court would apply to determine
 insolvency or that a court would determine that we, Williams or
 any of our respective subsidiaries were solvent at the time of
 or after giving effect to the spin-off, including the
 distribution of our common stock.

 Under the separation and distribution agreement, from and after
 the spin-off, each of Williams and we will be responsible for
 the debts, liabilities and other obligations related to the
 business or businesses which it owns and operates following the
 consummation of the spin-off. Although we do not expect to be
 liable for any such obligations not expressly assumed by us
 pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement, it is
 possible that a court would disregard the allocation agreed to
 between the parties, and require that we assume responsibility
 for obligations allocated to Williams, particularly if Williams
 were to refuse or were unable to pay or perform the subject
 allocated obligations. See &#147;Arrangements Between Williams
 and Our
 Company&#151;Separation 
 and Distribution Agreement.&#148;

 Risks
 Related to Our Common Stock 

 No market
 currently exists for our common stock. We cannot assure you that
 an active trading market will develop for our common
 stock. 

 Prior to the completion of the spin-off, there has been no
 public market for shares of our common stock. We cannot predict
 the extent to which investor interest in our company will lead
 to the development of a trading market on the NYSE or otherwise,
 or how liquid that market might become. If an active market does
 not develop, you may have difficulty selling any shares of our
 common stock that you receive in the spin-off.

 The
 market price and trading volume of our common stock may be
 volatile and you may not be able to resell your shares at or
 above the initial market price of our common stock following the
 spin-off. 

 The market price of our stock may be influenced by many factors,
 some of which are beyond our control, including those described
 above in &#147;&#151;Risks Related to Our Business&#148; and the
 following:

 &#149; 

 the failure of securities analysts to cover our common stock
 after the spin-off or changes in financial estimates by analysts;

 &#149; 

 the inability to meet the financial estimates of analysts who
 follow our common stock;

 &#149; 

 strategic actions by us or our competitors;

 &#149; 

 announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts,
 acquisitions, joint marketing relationships, joint ventures or
 capital commitments;

 43

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 

 variations in our quarterly operating results and those of our
 competitors;

 &#149; 

 general economic and stock market conditions;

 &#149; 

 risks related to our business and our industry, including those
 discussed above;

 &#149; 

 changes in conditions or trends in our industry, markets or
 customers;

 &#149; 

 terrorist acts;

 &#149; 

 future sales of our common stock or other securities; and

 &#149; 

 investor perceptions of the investment opportunity associated
 with our common stock relative to other investment alternatives.

 As a result of these factors, holders of our common stock may
 not be able to resell their shares at or above the initial
 market price following the spin-off or may not be able to resell
 them at all. These broad market and industry factors may
 materially reduce the market price of our common stock,
 regardless of our operating performance. In addition, price
 volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume
 of our common stock is low.

 Future
 sales, or the perception of future sales, of our common stock
 may depress the price of our common stock. 

 Upon completion of the spin-off, we will have approximately
 197 million shares of common stock outstanding. The
 market price of our common stock could decline significantly as
 a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common
 stock in the market after the completion of the spin-off. The
 shares of our common stock that Williams distributes to its
 stockholders generally may be sold immediately in the public
 market. Williams stockholders could sell our common stock
 received in the distribution if we do not fit their investment
 objectives or, in the case of index funds, if we are not part of
 the index in which they invest. Sales of significant amounts of
 our common stock or a perception in the market that such sales
 will occur may reduce the market price of our common stock.
 These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also
 might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in
 the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate.

 Also, in the future, we may issue our securities in connection
 with investments or acquisitions. The amount of shares of our
 common stock issued in connection with an investment or
 acquisition could constitute a material portion of our then
 outstanding shares of our common stock.

 Failure
 to achieve and maintain effective internal controls in
 accordance with Section 404 of
 Sarbanes-Oxley 
 could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock
 price. 

 As a public company, we will be required to document and test
 our internal control procedures in order to satisfy the
 requirements of Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley, which will
 require annual management assessments of the effectiveness of
 our internal control over financial reporting and a report by
 our independent registered public accounting firm that addresses
 the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.
 During the course of our testing, we may identify deficiencies
 which we may not be able to remediate in time to meet our
 deadline for compliance with Section 404. Testing and
 maintaining internal control can divert our management&#146;s
 attention from other matters that are important to the operation
 of our business. We also expect the new regulations to increase
 our legal and financial compliance costs, make it more difficult
 to attract and retain qualified officers and members of our
 board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit
 committee, and make some activities more difficult, time
 consuming and costly. We may not be able to conclude on an
 ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over
 financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 or our
 independent registered public accounting firm may not be able or
 willing to issue an unqualified report on the effectiveness of
 our internal control over financial reporting. If we conclude
 that our internal control over financial reporting is not
 effective, we cannot be certain as to the timing of completion
 of our evaluation, testing and remediation actions or their
 effect on our operations because there is presently no precedent
 available by which to measure compliance adequacy. If either we
 are unable to conclude that we have effective internal

 44

 Table of Contents 

 control over financial reporting or our independent auditors are
 unable to provide us with an unqualified report as required by
 Section 404, then investors could lose confidence in our
 reported financial information, which could have a negative
 effect on the trading price of our common stock.

 If
 securities or industry analysts do not publish research or
 reports about our business, if they adversely change their
 recommendations regarding our stock or if our operating results
 do not meet their expectations, our stock price could
 decline. 

 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by
 the research and reports that industry or securities analysts
 publish about us or our business. If one or more of these
 analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish
 reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the
 financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or
 trading volume to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the
 analysts who cover our company downgrades our stock or if our
 operating results do not meet their expectations, our stock
 price could decline.

 We do not
 anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in the
 foreseeable future. As a result, you will need to sell your
 shares of common stock to receive any income or realize a return
 on your investment. 

 We do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in
 the foreseeable future. Any declaration and payment of future
 dividends to holders of our common stock may be limited by the
 provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law
 (&#147;DGCL&#148;). The future payment of dividends will be at
 the sole discretion of our board of directors and will depend on
 many factors, including our earnings, capital requirements,
 financial condition and other considerations that our board of
 directors deems relevant. As a result, to receive any income or
 realize a return on your investment, you will need to sell your
 shares of common stock. You may not be able to sell your shares
 of common stock at or above the price you paid for them.

 Provisions
 of Delaware law and our charter documents may delay or prevent
 an acquisition of us that stockholders may consider favorable or
 may prevent efforts by our stockholders to change our directors
 or our management, which could decrease the value of your
 shares. 

 Section 203 of the DGCL and provisions in our amended and
 restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated
 bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire
 us without the consent of our board of directors. See
 &#147;Description of Capital Stock&#151;Anti-Takeover Effects of
 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws Provisions.&#148; These
 provisions include the following:

 &#149; 

 restrictions on business combinations for a three-year period
 with a stockholder who becomes the beneficial owner of more than
 15% of our common stock;

 &#149; 

 restrictions on the ability of our stockholders to remove
 directors;

 &#149; 

 supermajority voting requirements for stockholders to amend our
 organizational documents; and

 &#149; 

 a classified board of directors.

 Although we believe these provisions protect our stockholders
 from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics and thereby
 provide an opportunity to receive a higher bid by requiring
 potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors,
 these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered
 beneficial by some stockholders. Further, these provisions may
 discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter
 or prevent a change of control of our company, including through
 unsolicited transactions that some or all of our stockholders
 might consider to be desirable. As a result, efforts by our
 stockholders to change our direction or our management may be
 unsuccessful.

 45

 Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING
 STATEMENTS 

 Certain matters contained in this information statement include
 forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of risks
 and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These
 forward-looking statements relate to anticipated financial
 performance, management&#146;s plans and objectives for future
 operations, business prospects, outcome of regulatory
 proceedings, market conditions and other matters.

 All statements, other than statements of historical facts,
 included in this information statement that address activities,
 events or developments that we expect, believe or anticipate
 will exist or may occur in the future, are forward-looking
 statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be
 identified by various forms of words such as
 &#147;anticipates,&#148; &#147;believes,&#148;
 &#147;seeks,&#148; &#147;could,&#148; &#147;may,&#148;
 &#147;should,&#148; &#147;continues,&#148;
 &#147;estimates,&#148; &#147;expects,&#148;
 &#147;forecasts,&#148; &#147;intends,&#148; &#147;might,&#148;
 &#147;goals,&#148; &#147;objectives,&#148; &#147;targets,&#148;
 &#147;planned,&#148; &#147;potential,&#148;
 &#147;projects,&#148; &#147;scheduled,&#148; &#147;will&#148; or
 other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are
 based on management&#146;s beliefs and assumptions and on
 information currently available to management and include, among
 others, statements regarding:

 &#149; 

 Amounts and nature of future capital expenditures;

 &#149; 

 Expansion and growth of our business and operations;

 &#149; 

 Financial condition and liquidity;

 &#149; 

 Business strategy;

 &#149; 

 Estimates of proved gas and oil reserves;

 &#149; 

 Reserve potential;

 &#149; 

 Development drilling potential;

 &#149; 

 Cash flow from operations or results of operations;

 &#149; 

 Seasonality of our business; and

 &#149; 

 Natural gas, crude oil and NGLs prices and demand.

 Forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions,
 uncertainties and risks that could cause future events or
 results to be materially different from those stated or implied
 in this information statement. Many of the factors that will
 determine these results are beyond our ability to control or
 predict. Specific factors that could cause actual results to
 differ from results contemplated by the forward-looking
 statements include, among others, the following:

 &#149; 

 Availability of supplies (including the uncertainties inherent
 in assessing, estimating, acquiring and developing future
 natural gas and oil reserves), market demand, volatility of
 prices and the availability and cost of capital;

 &#149; 

 Inflation, interest rates, fluctuation in foreign exchange and
 general economic conditions (including future disruptions and
 volatility in the global credit markets and the impact of these
 events on our customers and suppliers);

 &#149; 

 The strength and financial resources of our competitors;

 &#149; 

 Development of alternative energy sources;

 &#149; 

 The impact of operational and development hazards;

 &#149; 

 Costs of, changes in, or the results of laws, government
 regulations (including climate change legislation
 and/or 
 potential additional regulation of drilling and completion of
 wells), environmental liabilities, litigation and rate
 proceedings;

 &#149; 

 Changes in maintenance and construction costs;

 &#149; 

 Changes in the current geopolitical situation;

 46

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 

 Our exposure to the credit risk of our customers;

 &#149; 

 Risks related to strategy and financing, including restrictions
 stemming from our debt agreements, future changes in our credit
 ratings and the availability and cost of credit;

 &#149; 

 Risks associated with future weather conditions;

 &#149; 

 Acts of terrorism; and

 &#149; 

 Other factors described in &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations&#148; and &#147;Business.&#148;

 All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons
 acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety
 by the cautionary statements set forth above. Given the
 uncertainties and risk factors that could cause our actual
 results to differ materially from those contained in any
 forward-looking statement, we caution investors not to unduly
 rely on our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
 statements speak only as of the date they are made. We disclaim
 any obligation to and do not intend to update the above list or
 to announce publicly the result of any revisions to any of the
 forward-looking statements to reflect future events or
 developments, except to the extent required by applicable laws.
 If we update one or more forward-looking statements, no
 inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates
 with respect to those or other forward-looking statements.

 In addition to causing our actual results to differ, the factors
 listed above and referred to below may cause our intentions to
 change from those statements of intention set forth in this
 information statement. Such changes in our intentions may also
 cause our results to differ. We may change our intentions, at
 any time and without notice, based upon changes in such factors,
 our assumptions, or otherwise.

 Because forward-looking statements involve risks and
 uncertainties, we caution that there are important factors, in
 addition to those listed above, that may cause actual results to
 differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking
 statements. These factors are described in &#147;Risk
 Factors.&#148;

 47

 Table of Contents 

 THE
 SPIN-OFF 

 Background 

 On February 16, 2011, Williams announced that its board of
 directors had approved pursuing a plan to separate
 Williams&#146; businesses into two stand-alone, publicly traded
 corporations. Williams initially intended to separate its
 exploration and production business via an initial public
 offering of up to 20% of its interest in WPX, to be followed by
 a tax-free spinoff to Williams stockholders of its remaining
 interest. On October 18, 2011, Williams announced that, due
 to unfavorable capital markets conditions, it would pursue a
 plan to distribute 100% of our common stock to Williams
 stockholders. This authorization is subject to final approval by
 the Williams board of directors, which approval is subject to,
 among other things, the conditions described below under
 &#147;&#151;Conditions to the Spin-Off.&#148;

 Following our spin-off from Williams, we will be an independent,
 publicly owned company. As part of the spin-off, Williams has
 contributed to our capital all intercompany debt associated with
 our business and will contribute and transfer to us the assets
 and liabilities associated with our business, and we will amend
 and restate our certificate of incorporation and bylaws.

 To complete the spin-off, Williams will, following the
 restructuring transactions, distribute to its stockholders all
 of the shares of our common stock. The distribution will occur
 on the distribution date, which is December 31, 2011. Each
 holder of Williams common stock will receive one share of
 our common stock for every three shares of Williams common
 stock held by such stockholder at the close of business on
 December 14, 2011, the record date. After completion of the
 spin-off, we will own and operate the exploration and production
 business.

 Each holder of Williams common stock will continue to hold his,
 her or its shares in Williams. No vote of Williams stockholders
 is required or is being sought in connection with the spin-off,
 and Williams stockholders will not have any appraisal rights in
 connection with the spin-off, including the restructuring
 transactions.

 The distribution of our common stock as described in this
 information statement is subject to the satisfaction or waiver
 of certain conditions. In addition, Williams has the right not
 to complete the spin-off if, at any time prior to the
 distribution, the board of directors of Williams determines, in
 its sole discretion, that the spin-off is not in the best
 interests of Williams or its stockholders or that market
 conditions are such that it is not advisable to separate us from
 Williams. For a more detailed description, see
 &#147;&#151;Conditions to the Spin-Off.&#148;

 Reasons
 for the Spin-Off 

 Williams&#146; board of directors has determined that the
 spin-off is in the best interests of Williams and its
 stockholders because the spin-off will provide various benefits
 including: (1) focused management attention;
 (2) direct access to the debt and equity capital markets;
 (3) enhancing WPX&#146;s market recognition with investors;
 and (4) improving WPX&#146;s ability to pursue acquisitions.

 Focused management attention. Our exploration
 and production business and the pipeline and midstream
 businesses of Williams have different financial and operating
 characteristics and as a result different operating strategies
 in order to maximize their long-term value. Our separation from
 Williams will allow Williams and us to focus managerial
 attention solely on our respective businesses and strategies and
 to better align management resources with the needs of our
 individual businesses. The dilution of attention involved in
 managing a combination of businesses with competing goals and
 needs will thus be eliminated. Our separate management teams
 will also be able to better prioritize allocation of resources
 in support of differing priorities such as our desire to pursue
 our growth strategy through entry into new basins, additional
 exploration, further expansion in liquids producing basins and
 acceleration of development of existing properties, all of which
 require significant capital for which, as a part of Williams, we
 previously had to compete for with other Williams businesses.

 Direct and differentiated access to the debt and equity
 capital markets. As a separate public company, we
 will no longer need to compete with Williams&#146; other
 businesses for capital resources. Unlike certain of
 Williams&#146; other businesses, the exploration and production
 business is typically capital intensive throughout the business
 cycle and must continuously deploy significant amounts of
 capital to maintain production and

 48

 Table of Contents 

 revenue growth. Both Williams and we believe that direct and
 differentiated access to the capital markets will allow each of
 us to better optimize our capital structures to meet the
 specific needs of each of the respective businesses, aligning
 financial and operational characteristics with investor and
 market expectations.

 Enhancing our market recognition with
 investors. Williams&#146; management and
 financial advisors believe that the investment characteristics
 of the exploration and production business and Williams&#146;
 other businesses may appeal to different types of investors. We
 believe our simpler corporate structure with a single business
 segment will allow us to fit more easily into an exploration and
 production investor sector and attract investors interested in
 focusing on the market dynamics, returns and informational
 inputs associated with an exploration and production company.
 The spin-off will improve the investment community&#146;s
 visibility into and understanding of Williams&#146; and
 WPX&#146;s operations, particularly as each company is able to
 cultivate its own separate identity by providing more focused
 and targeted communication to the market regarding its own
 business strategies, assets, operational performance, financial
 achievements and management teams. After the spin-off, investors
 should be better able to evaluate the financial performance of
 Williams and us, as well as our respective strategies within the
 context of our respective market expectations and returns,
 thereby enhancing the likelihood that both entities will achieve
 appropriate market valuations.

 Improving our ability to pursue
 acquisitions. As a stand alone exploration and
 production company, we will be better positioned to use our
 equity securities as capital in pursuing merger and acquisition
 activities as the owners of the businesses we could seek to
 acquire will generally have greater interest in receiving
 securities of a company in the same line of business they were
 in rather than receiving the securities of a diversified
 operator of multiple businesses. However, we will be subject to
 certain requirements. For example, after the spin-off, we must
 avoid a 50% or greater change in our ownership in transactions
 related to the spin-off. This limitation is necessary in order
 to maintain the tax-free treatment of our separation from
 Williams.

 Manner of
 Effecting the Spin-Off 

 The general terms and conditions relating to the spin-off will
 be set forth in a separation and distribution agreement among us
 and Williams. Under the separation and distribution agreement,
 the distribution will be effective as of 11:59 p.m.,
 Eastern time, on December 31, 2011, the distribution date.
 As a result of the spin-off, on the distribution date, each
 holder of Williams common stock will receive one share of
 our common stock for every three shares of Williams common
 stock that he, she or it owns. In order to receive shares of our
 common stock in the spin-off, a Williams stockholder must be
 stockholder at the close of business of the NYSE on
 December 14, 2011, the record date.

 On the distribution date, Williams will release the shares of
 our common stock to our distribution agent to distribute to
 Williams stockholders. For most of these Williams stockholders,
 our distribution agent will credit their shares of our common
 stock to book-entry accounts established to hold their shares of
 our common stock. Our distribution agent will send these
 stockholders, including any Williams stockholder that holds
 physical share certificates of Williams common stock and is the
 registered holder of such shares of Williams common stock
 represented by those certificates on the record date, a
 statement reflecting their ownership of our common stock.
 Book-entry refers to a method of recording stock ownership in
 our records in which no physical certificates are used. For
 stockholders who own Williams common stock through a broker or
 other nominee, their shares of our common stock will be credited
 to these stockholders&#146; accounts by the broker or other
 nominee. It is expected that it will take the distribution agent
 one to two weeks to electronically issue shares of our common
 stock to Williams stockholders or their bank or brokerage firm
 by way of direct registration in book-entry form. Trading of our
 stock will not be affected by this delay in issuance by the
 distribution agent. As further discussed below, we will not
 issue fractional shares of our common stock in the distribution.
 Following the spin-off, stockholders whose shares are held in
 book-entry form may request that their shares of our common
 stock be transferred to a brokerage or other account at any time.

 Williams stockholders will not be required to make any payment
 or surrender or exchange their shares of Williams common stock
 or take any other action to receive their shares of our common
 stock. No vote of Williams stockholders is required or sought in
 connection with the spin-off, including the restructuring
 transactions, and Williams stockholders have no appraisal rights
 in connection with the spin-off.

 49

 Table of Contents 

 Treatment
 of Fractional Shares 

 The distribution agent will not distribute any fractional shares
 of our common stock to Williams stockholders. Instead, as soon
 as practicable on or after the distribution date, the
 distribution agent will aggregate fractional shares of our
 common stock held by holders of record into whole shares, sell
 them in the open market at the prevailing market prices and then
 distribute the aggregate net sale proceeds ratably to Williams
 stockholders who would otherwise have been entitled to receive
 fractional shares of our common stock. The amount of this
 payment will depend on the prices at which the distribution
 agent sells the aggregated fractional shares of our common stock
 in the open market shortly after the distribution date. We will
 be responsible for any payment of brokerage fees. The amount of
 these brokerage fees is not expected to be material to us. The
 receipt of cash in lieu of fractional shares of our common stock
 will generally result in a taxable gain or loss to the recipient
 stockholder. Each stockholder entitled to receive cash proceeds
 from these shares should consult his, her or its own tax advisor
 as to the stockholder&#146;s particular circumstances. The tax
 consequences of the distribution are described in more detail
 under &#147;&#151;U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of
 the Spin-Off.&#148;

 In addition, at the time of the distribution, the exercise price
 of each outstanding option to purchase Williams stock held by
 employees on the distribution date will be reduced to reflect
 the value of the distribution, which will be calculated using
 the equitable adjustment approach contained in the existing
 awards.

 U.S.
 Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off 

 The following is a summary of the material U.S. federal
 income tax considerations relating to U.S. holders (as
 defined below) and
 non-U.S. holders 
 (as defined below) as a result of the distribution of our common
 stock to holders of Williams&#146; common stock. This summary
 assumes that the spin-off will be consummated in accordance with
 the separation and distribution agreement and as described in
 this information statement. This summary only addresses holders
 of our common stock that hold such stock as a capital asset
 within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code.
 Additionally, this summary does not address U.S. federal
 income tax considerations of holders who may be subject to
 special treatment under the Code, such as:

 &#149; 

 dealers or traders in securities or currencies;

 &#149; 

 banks, financial institutions, or insurance companies;

 &#149; 

 regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts,
 or grantor trusts;

 &#149; 

 certain former citizens or long-term residents of the United
 States;

 &#149; 

 tax-exempt entities;

 &#149; 

 traders in securities that elect to use a
 mark-to-market 
 method of accounting for their securities;

 &#149; 

 holders who own shares of our common stock as part of a hedging,
 integrated, or conversion transaction or a straddle or holders
 deemed to sell shares of our common stock under the constructive
 sale provisions of the Code;

 &#149; 

 holders who acquired our common stock pursuant to the exercise
 of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation;

 &#149; 

 U.S. holders whose &#147;functional currency&#148; is not
 the U.S. dollar;

 &#149; 

 holders who are subject to alternative minimum tax
 consequences; or

 &#149; 

 partnerships or other pass-through entities and investors in
 such entities.

 Finally, this summary does not address U.S. federal tax
 consequences other than income taxes (such as estate and gift
 tax consequences) or any state, local or foreign tax
 consequences.

 This summary is based upon the provisions of the Code,
 U.S. Treasury regulations, rulings and judicial decisions
 as of the date hereof. Those authorities may be changed, perhaps
 retroactively, so as to result in U.S. federal income tax
 consequences different from those discussed below. This summary
 does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income
 taxation and does not deal with all tax consequences that may be
 relevant to holders in light of their personal circumstances.
 You should consult your own tax advisors concerning the

 50

 Table of Contents 

 U.S. federal income tax consequences to you in light of
 your particular facts and circumstances and any consequences
 arising under the laws of any state, local, foreign or other
 taxing jurisdiction.

 For purposes of this summary, a U.S. holder is a beneficial
 owner of Williams common stock that is, for U.S. federal
 income tax purposes:

 &#149; 

 an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;

 &#149; 

 a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation for
 U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in
 or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the
 District of Columbia;

 &#149; 

 an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal
 income taxation regardless of its source; or

 &#149; 

 a trust, if (1) a court within the United States is able to
 exercise primary supervision over its administration and one or
 more U.S. persons have the authority to control all of the
 substantial decisions of such trust or (2) it has a valid
 election in effect under applicable Treasury regulations to be
 treated as a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax
 purposes.

 A
 non-U.S. holder 
 is a beneficial owner (other than an entity treated as a
 partnership or other pass-through entity for U.S. federal
 income tax purposes) of shares of Williams common stock who is
 not a U.S. holder.

 If a partnership (including an entity treated as a partnership
 for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds shares of
 Williams common stock, the tax treatment of a partner in the
 partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner
 and the activities of the partnership. If you are a partner of a
 partnership holding shares of Williams common stock, you should
 consult your tax advisor.

 Tax-free
 Status of the Distribution 

 Williams has received a private letter ruling from the IRS and
 an opinion from its outside tax advisor substantially to the
 effect that, among other things, the distribution will qualify
 under Section 355 of the Code as a tax-free distribution.
 Assuming that the distribution so qualifies,

 &#149; 

 no gain or loss will be recognized by, and no amount will be
 included in the income of, Williams stockholders upon their
 receipt of shares of our common stock in the distribution;

 &#149; 

 the basis of a Williams stockholder in Williams common stock
 immediately before the distribution will be allocated between
 the Williams common stock held by such holder and our common
 stock received by such holder in the distribution, in proportion
 to their relative fair market values at the time of the
 distribution;

 &#149; 

 the holding period of our common stock received by each Williams
 stockholder will include the period during which the stockholder
 held the Williams common stock on which the distribution is
 made, provided that the Williams common stock is held as a
 capital asset on the distribution date;

 &#149; 

 a Williams stockholder that receives cash in lieu of a
 fractional share of our common stock generally should recognize
 taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount
 of cash received for such fractional share of our common stock
 and the tax basis allocable to such fractional share interests
 in our common stock (determined as described above) and such
 gain will be capital gain or loss if the Williams common stock
 on which the distribution is made is held as a capital asset on
 the distribution date; and

 &#149; 

 no gain or loss will be recognized by Williams upon the
 distribution of our common stock.

 The private letter ruling and opinion of counsel will rely on
 certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings
 from Williams and us regarding the past and future conduct of
 the companies&#146; respective businesses and other matters. If
 any of these facts, assumptions, representations, or
 undertakings are, or become, incorrect or not otherwise
 satisfied, Williams and its stockholders may not be able to rely
 on the private letter ruling or the opinion of its tax advisor.
 In addition, an opinion of counsel is not binding on the IRS,
 so, notwithstanding the opinion of Williams&#146; tax advisor,
 the IRS could conclude upon audit that the distribution is
 taxable if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinion or
 for other reasons. There can be no assurance that the IRS or the
 courts will not challenge the qualification of the distribution
 as a tax-free transaction under Section 355 of the Code or
 that such challenge would not prevail.

 51

 Table of Contents 

 Even if the distribution otherwise qualifies as tax-free,
 Williams or its affiliates may recognize taxable gain under
 Section 355(e) of the Code if there are one or more
 acquisitions (including issuances) of either our stock or the
 stock of Williams, representing 50% or more, measured by vote or
 value, of the then-outstanding stock of either corporation, and
 the acquisition or acquisitions are deemed to be part of a plan
 or series of related transactions that include the distribution.
 Any such acquisition of our stock within two years before or
 after the distribution (with exceptions, including public
 trading by
 less-than-five 
 percent stockholders and certain compensatory stock issuances)
 generally will be presumed to be part of such a plan unless
 Williams can rebut that presumption. If Williams recognizes gain
 under Section 355(e), it would result in a significant
 U.S. federal income tax liability to Williams (although the
 distribution would generally be tax-free to Williams
 stockholders), and, under some circumstances, the tax sharing
 agreement would require us to indemnify Williams for such tax
 liability. See &#147;&#151;Indemnification&#148; and
 &#147;Arrangements Between Williams and Our Company&#151;Tax
 Sharing Agreement.&#148;

 Material
 U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Distribution to U.S.
 Holders 

 Distribution
 of WPX Stock 

 The discussion above under &#147;&#151;Tax-Free Status of the
 Distribution&#148; applies to U.S. holders if the
 distribution qualifies as tax-free under Section 355 of the
 Code.

 If the distribution of shares of our common stock does not
 qualify under Section 355, then each U.S. holder of
 Williams receiving shares of our common stock in the
 distribution generally would be treated as receiving a
 distribution in an amount equal to the fair market value of such
 shares (including fractional shares in lieu of which such holder
 receives cash) of our common stock. This generally would result
 in the following consequences to the U.S. holder:

 &#149; 

 first, a taxable dividend to the extent of such
 U.S. holder&#146;s pro rata share of Williams&#146; current
 and accumulated earnings and profits;

 &#149; 

 second, any amount that exceeds Williams&#146; earnings and
 profits would be treated as a nontaxable return of capital to
 the extent of such U.S. holder&#146;s tax basis in its
 shares of Williams&#146; common stock; and

 &#149; 

 third, any remaining amount would be taxed as capital gain.

 In addition, Williams would recognize a taxable gain equal to
 the excess of the fair market value of our common stock
 distributed over Williams&#146; adjusted tax basis in such
 stock, and, under certain circumstances, the tax sharing
 agreement would require us to indemnify Williams for such tax
 liability. See &#147;&#151;Indemnification&#148; and
 &#147;Arrangements Between Williams and Our Company&#151;Tax
 Sharing Agreement.&#148;

 Cash in
 Lieu of Fractional Shares 

 Assuming the distribution qualifies as a tax-free distribution
 for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. holder
 who receives cash in lieu of our common stock in connection with
 the distribution generally will recognize capital gain or loss
 measured by the difference between the cash received for such
 fractional share of our common stock and the holder&#146;s tax
 basis that would be allocated to such fractional share. Any such
 capital gain would be long term capital gain, assuming that the
 U.S. holder has held all of its Williams common stock for
 more than one year. If the distribution does not qualify as a
 tax-free distribution, then the same rule will apply, but the
 U.S. holder&#146;s basis in the fractional share of our
 stock will be its fair market value at the time of the
 distribution.

 Information
 Reporting and Backup Withholding 

 A U.S. holder that receives a taxable distribution of our
 common stock or payment of cash in lieu of a fractional share of
 our common stock made in connection with the distribution may be
 subject to information reporting and backup withholding. A
 U.S. holder may avoid backup withholding if such holder
 provides proof of an applicable exemption or a correct taxpayer
 identification number, and otherwise complies with the
 requirements of the backup withholding rules. Backup withholding
 does not constitute an additional tax, but is

 52

 Table of Contents 

 merely an advance payment that may be refunded or credited
 against a holder&#146;s U.S. federal income tax liability,
 provided the required information is timely supplied to the IRS.

 Material
 U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Distribution to
 Non-U.S. 
 Holders 

 Distribution
 of WPX Stock 

 Provided that the distribution qualifies as a tax-free
 distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
 non-U.S. holders 
 receiving stock in the distribution will not be subject to
 U.S. federal income tax on any gain realized on the receipt
 of our common stock so long as (1) Williams&#146; common
 stock is considered regularly traded on an established
 securities market and (2) such
 non-U.S. holder 
 beneficially owns five percent or less of Williams&#146; common
 stock at all times during the shorter of the five-year period
 ending on the distribution date or the
 non-U.S. holder&#146;s 
 holding period, taking into account both actual and constructive
 ownership under the applicable ownership attribution rules of
 the Code. Williams believes that its common stock has been and
 is regularly traded on an established securities market for
 U.S. federal income tax purposes.

 Any
 non-U.S. holder 
 that beneficially owns more than five percent of Williams common
 stock under the rules described above and receives our common
 stock will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any
 gain realized with respect to its existing Williams common stock
 as a result of the distribution if (1) Williams is treated
 as a &#147;United States real property holding corporation&#148;
 (&#147;USRPHC&#148;) for U.S. federal income tax purposes
 at any time during the shorter of the five year period ending on
 the distribution date or the period during which the
 non-U.S. holder 
 held such Williams common stock and (2) we are not a USRPHC
 immediately following the distribution. In general, either
 Williams or we will be a USRPHC at any relevant time described
 above if 50 percent or more of the fair market value of the
 respective company&#146;s assets constitute &#147;United States
 real property interests&#148; within the meaning of the Code. We
 expect to be a USRPHC immediately after the distribution.
 However, because the determination of whether we are a USRPHC
 turns on the relative fair market value of our United States
 real property interests and our other assets, and because the
 USRPHC rules are complex, we can give no assurance that we will
 be a USRPHC after the distribution. Any
 non-U.S. holder 
 that beneficially owns more than five percent of Williams common
 stock under the rules described above and receives our common
 stock will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any
 gain realized with respect to its existing Williams common stock
 as a result of the distribution if (a) both we and Williams
 are USRPHCs and (b) such
 non-U.S. holders 
 meet certain procedural and substantive requirements described
 in such Treasury regulations.
 Non-U.S. holders 
 should consult their tax advisors to determine if they are more
 than five percent beneficial owners of Williams&#146; common
 stock, or may be more than five percent owners of our common
 stock under the applicable rules.

 If the distribution does not qualify as a tax-free distribution
 for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then each
 non-U.S. holder 
 receiving shares of our common stock in the distribution
 (including fractional shares in lieu of which such holder
 receives cash) would be subject to U.S. federal income tax
 at a rate of 30 percent of the gross amount of any such
 distribution that is treated as a dividend, unless:

 (1) such dividend was effectively connected with the
 conduct of a trade or business, or, if an income tax treaty
 applies, is attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed
 base maintained by the
 non-U.S. holder 
 within the United States; or

 (2) the
 non-U.S. holder 
 is entitled to a reduced tax rate with respect to dividends
 pursuant to an applicable income tax treaty.

 Under the first exception, regular graduated federal income tax
 rates applicable to U.S. persons would apply to the
 dividend, and, in the case of a corporate
 non-U.S. holder, 
 a branch profits tax may also apply, as described below. Unless
 one of these exceptions applies and the
 non-U.S. holder 
 provides Williams with an appropriate IRS Form (or Forms)
 W-8 to claim
 an exemption from or reduction in the rate of withholding under
 such exception, Williams may be required to withhold
 30 percent of any distribution of our common stock treated
 as a dividend to satisfy the
 non-U.S. holder&#146;s 
 U.S. federal income tax liability.

 A distribution of our common stock that is not tax-free for
 U.S. federal income tax purposes could also be treated as a
 nontaxable return of capital or could trigger capital gain for
 U.S. federal income tax purposes.

 53

 Table of Contents 

 A distribution of our common stock that is treated as a
 nontaxable return of capital is generally not subject to
 U.S. income tax. Furthermore, such distribution generally
 is not subject to U.S. withholding tax so long as the
 common stock of Williams is regularly traded on an established
 securities market, which Williams believes to be the case, and
 the
 non-U.S. holder 
 does not beneficially own more than five percent of
 Williams&#146; common stock at any time during the shorter of
 the five year period ending on the distribution date or the
 period during which the
 non-U.S. Holder 
 held such Williams common stock, taking into account the
 attribution rules described above. A distribution of our common
 stock triggering capital gain is generally not subject to
 U.S. federal income taxation subject to the same exceptions
 described below under &#147;&#151;Cash In Lieu of Fractional
 Shares,&#148; and generally is not subject to
 U.S. withholding tax subject to the same exception
 described above for a nontaxable return of capital.

 Cash In
 Lieu of Fractional Shares. 

 Assuming the distribution qualifies as a tax-free distribution,
 non-U.S. holders 
 generally will not be subject to regular U.S. federal
 income or withholding tax on gain realized on the receipt of
 cash in lieu of fractional shares of our common stock received
 in the distribution, unless:

 (1) the gain is effectively connected with a United States
 trade or business of the
 non-U.S. holder 
 or, if an income tax treaty applies, attributable to a permanent
 establishment or fixed base maintained by the
 non-U.S. holder 
 within the United States;

 (2) the
 non-U.S. holder 
 is an individual who is present in the United States for a
 period or periods aggregating 183 days or more during the
 taxable year in which the distribution occurs and certain other
 conditions are met; or

 (3) we are treated as a USRPHC immediately after the
 distribution, and (i) our common stock is not regularly
 traded on an established securities market (which we do not
 believe to be the case), or (ii) if our common stock were
 regularly traded on an established securities market, the
 non-U.S. holder 
 beneficially owned more than five percent of our common stock
 under the rules described above.

 If one of the above clauses (1) through (3) applies,
 the
 non-U.S. holder 
 generally will recognize capital gain or loss measured by the
 difference between the cash received for the fractional share of
 our common stock and the holder&#146;s tax basis that would be
 allocated to such fractional share. Gains realized by a
 non-U.S. holder 
 described in clause (1) above that are effectively
 connected with the conduct of a trade or business, or, if an
 income tax treaty applies, are attributable to a permanent
 establishment or a fixed base maintained by the
 non-U.S. holder 
 within the United States generally will be taxed on a net income
 basis at the graduated rates that are applicable to
 U.S. persons. In the case of a
 non-U.S. holder 
 that is a corporation, such income may also be subject to the
 U.S. federal branch profits tax, which generally is imposed
 on a foreign corporation upon the deemed repatriation from the
 United States of effectively connected earnings and profits,
 currently at a 30 percent rate, unless the rate is reduced
 or eliminated by an applicable income tax treaty and the
 non-U.S. holder 
 is a qualified resident of the treaty country. Gains realized by
 a
 non-U.S. holder 
 described in clause (2) above generally will be subject to
 a 30 percent tax from the receipt of cash in lieu of
 fractional shares (or a lower treaty rate, if applicable), with
 such gains eligible to be offset by certain
 U.S.-source 
 capital losses recognized in the same taxable year of the
 distribution.
 Non-U.S. holders 
 that meet the circumstances in clause (3) should consult
 their tax advisors regarding the determination of the amount of
 gain (if any) that would be subject to U.S. federal income
 tax. If the distribution does not qualify as a tax-free
 distribution, then the same rule will apply, but the
 non-U.S. holder&#146;s 
 basis in the fractional share of our stock will be its fair
 market value at the time of the distribution.

 Information
 Reporting and Backup Withholding 

 Payments made to
 non-U.S. holders 
 in the distribution may be subject to information reporting and
 backup withholding.
 Non-U.S. holders 
 generally may avoid backup withholding by furnishing a properly
 executed IRS
 Form W-8BEN 
 (or other applicable IRS
 Form W-8) 
 certifying the
 non-U.S. holder&#146;s 
 non-U.S. status 
 or by otherwise establishing an exemption. Backup withholding is
 not an additional tax. Rather,
 non-U.S. holders 
 may

 54

 Table of Contents 

 use amounts withheld as a credit against their U.S. federal
 income tax liability or may claim a refund of any excess amounts
 withheld by timely and duly filing a claim for refund with the
 IRS.

 Information
 Reporting for Significant Stockholders 

 Current Treasury regulations require a &#147;significant&#148;
 stockholder (one who immediately before the distribution owns 5%
 or more (by vote or value) of the total outstanding Williams
 common stock) who receives our common stock pursuant to the
 distribution to attach to such stockholder&#146;s
 U.S. federal income tax return for the year in which the
 distribution occurs a detailed statement setting forth such data
 as may be appropriate in order to show the applicability to the
 distribution of Section 355 of the Code.

 Indemnification 

 Under the tax sharing agreement, we have agreed to indemnify
 Williams from liability for any taxes arising from the spin-off
 to the extent attributable to a breach by us (or any of our
 subsidiaries) of any of our representations or covenants in the
 tax sharing agreement, the separation and distribution
 agreement, or made in connection with the private letter ruling
 or opinion of counsel. See &#147;Arrangements Between Williams
 and Our Company&#151;Tax Sharing Agreement.&#148;

 Results
 of the Spin-Off 

 After the spin-off, we will be an independent, publicly owned
 company. Immediately following the spin-off, we expect to have
 approximately 9,563 holders of shares of our common stock and
 approximately 197 million shares of our common stock
 outstanding, based on the number of stockholders and outstanding
 shares of Williams common stock expected as of the record date.
 The figures assume no exercise of outstanding options and
 exclude shares of Williams common stock held directly or
 indirectly by Williams, if any. The actual number of shares to
 be distributed will be determined on the record date and will
 reflect any exercise of Williams options between the date the
 Williams board of directors declares the dividend for the
 distribution and the record date for the distribution.

 For information regarding options to purchase shares of our
 common stock that will be outstanding after the distribution,
 see &#147;Capitalization,&#148; &#147;Management&#148; and
 &#147;Arrangements Between Williams and Our
 Company&#151;Employee Matters Agreement.&#148;

 Before the spin-off, we will enter into several agreements with
 Williams to effect the spin-off and provide a framework for our
 relationship with Williams after the spin-off. These agreements
 will govern the relationship between us and Williams after
 completion of the spin-off and provide for the allocation
 between us and Williams of Williams&#146; assets, liabilities
 and obligations. For a more detailed description of these
 agreements, see &#147;Arrangements Between Williams and Our
 Company.&#148;

 Trading
 Prior to the Distribution Date 

 It is anticipated that, on or shortly before the record date and
 continuing up to and including the distribution date, there will
 be a &#147;when-issued&#148; market in our common stock.
 When-issued trading refers to a sale or purchase made
 conditionally because the security has been authorized but not
 yet issued. The when-issued trading market will be a market for
 shares of our common stock that will be distributed to Williams
 stockholders on the distribution date. Any Williams stockholder
 that owns shares of Williams common stock at the close of
 business on the record date will be entitled to shares of our
 common stock distributed in the spin-off. Williams stockholders
 may trade this entitlement to shares of our common stock,
 without the shares of Williams common stock they own, on the
 when-issued market. On the first trading day following the
 distribution date, we expect when-issued trading with respect to
 our common stock will end and &#147;regular-way&#148; trading
 will begin. See &#147;Trading Market.&#148;

 Following the distribution date, we expect shares of our common
 stock to be listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol
 &#147;WPX.&#148; We will announce the when-issued ticker symbol
 when and if it becomes available.

 55

 Table of Contents 

 It is also anticipated that, on or shortly before the record
 date and continuing up to and including the distribution date,
 there will be two markets in Williams common stock: a
 &#147;regular-way&#148; market and an
 &#147;ex-distribution&#148; 
 market. Shares of Williams common stock that trade on the
 regular-way market will trade with an entitlement to shares of
 our common stock distributed pursuant to the distribution.
 Shares that trade on the ex-distribution market will trade
 without an entitlement to shares of our common stock distributed
 pursuant to the distribution. Therefore, if shares of Williams
 common stock are sold in the regular-way market up to and
 including the distribution date, the selling stockholder&#146;s
 right to receive shares of our common stock in the distribution
 will be sold as well. However, if Williams stockholders own
 shares of Williams common stock at the close of business on the
 record date and sell those shares on the ex-distribution market
 up to and including the distribution date, the selling
 stockholders will still receive the shares of our common stock
 that they would otherwise receive pursuant to the distribution.
 See &#147;Trading Market.&#148;

 Treatment
 of Stock-Based Plans for Current and Former Employees 

 Williams&#146; Compensation Committee has determined that all
 outstanding Williams equity-based compensation awards, whether
 vested or unvested, other than outstanding options issued prior
 to January 1, 2006 (the &#147;Pre-2006 Options&#148;), will
 convert into awards with respect to shares of common stock of
 the company that continues to employ the holder following the
 spin-off. The Pre-2006 Options (whether held by our employees or
 other Williams employees) will be converted into options
 covering both Williams and WPX common stock following the
 spin-off, in the same ratio as is used in the distribution of
 WPX common stock to holders of Williams common stock. The number
 of shares underlying each such award (including the Pre-2006
 Options) and, with respect to options (including the Pre-2006
 Options), the per share exercise price of each such award will
 be adjusted to maintain, on a post-spin-off basis, the
 pre-spin-off value of such awards. We expect no material change
 to the vesting terms or other terms and conditions applicable to
 the awards (including the Pre-2006 Options). Based on the most
 recent available information, employees who are currently
 anticipated to become WPX employees on January 1, 2012 hold
 approximately 2,469,429 Williams RSUs and
 2,290,338 Williams options (including the Pre-2006 Options)
 subject to this treatment. Based on the most recent available
 information, we expect that at the time of the spin-off there
 will be approximately 3,796,638 Pre-2006 Options outstanding
 held by all Williams employees, including those employees who
 are currently anticipated to become WPX employees on
 January 1, 2012.

 The number of shares of common stock subject to any adjusted
 stock option (including the Pre-2006 Options) or adjusted RSU
 will be rounded down to the nearest whole share, and the per
 share exercise price of each adjusted stock option will be
 rounded up to the nearest whole cent.

 Incurrence
 of Debt 

 In anticipation of the spin-off, we have entered into the Credit
 Facility, which was amended and became effective on
 November 1, 2011, and on November 14, 2011, we issued
 the Notes.

 Conditions
 to the Spin-Off 

 We expect that the spin-off will be effective as of
 11:59 p.m., Eastern time, on December 31, 2011, the
 distribution date, provided that the following conditions shall
 have been satisfied or waived by Williams:

 &#149; 

 the board of directors of Williams shall have authorized and
 approved the spin-off and not withdrawn such authorization and
 approval and shall have declared the dividend of our common
 stock to Williams stockholders;

 &#149; 

 the separation and distribution agreement and the other
 ancillary agreements shall have been executed by each party
 thereto;

 &#149; 

 the SEC shall have declared effective our registration statement
 on Form 10, of which this information statement is a part,
 under the Exchange Act, no stop order suspending the
 effectiveness of the registration statement shall be in effect,
 and no proceedings for such purpose shall be pending before or
 threatened by the SEC;

 56

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 

 Our common stock shall have been accepted for listing on the
 NYSE or another national securities exchange approved by
 Williams, subject to official notice of issuance;

 &#149; 

 Williams shall have received an opinion of its tax counsel,
 which shall remain in full force and effect, that the spin-off
 will not result in recognition, for U.S. federal income tax
 purposes, of income, gain or loss to Williams, or of income,
 gain or loss to its stockholders, except to the extent of cash
 received in lieu of fractional shares;

 &#149; 

 We shall have received the net proceeds from the Notes and shall
 have made a cash distribution of approximately $979 million
 to Williams;

 &#149; 

 Williams shall have received an opinion, in form and substance
 acceptable to Williams, as to the solvency of Williams and us;

 &#149; 

 no order, injunction or decree by any governmental authority of
 competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition
 preventing consummation of the distribution shall be pending,
 threatened, issued or in effect and no other event outside the
 control of Williams shall have occurred or failed to occur that
 prevents the consummation of the distribution;

 &#149; 

 no other events or developments shall have occurred prior to the
 distribution date that, in the judgment of the board of
 directors of Williams, would result in the spin-off having a
 material adverse effect on Williams or its stockholders;

 &#149; 

 prior to the distribution date, this information statement shall
 have been mailed to the holders of Williams common stock as of
 the record date;

 &#149; 

 Our current directors shall have duly elected the individuals
 listed as members of its post-distribution board of directors in
 this information statement, and such individuals shall be the
 members of our board of directors immediately after the
 distribution;

 &#149; 

 prior to the distribution, Williams shall have delivered to us
 resignations from those WPX positions, effective as of
 immediately after the distribution, of each individual who will
 be an employee of Williams after the distribution and who is our
 officer or director prior to the distribution; and

 &#149; 

 immediately prior to the distribution date, the restated
 certificate of incorporation and the restated bylaws, each in
 substantially the form that will be filed as an exhibit to the
 registration statement on Form 10, of which this
 information statement is part, shall be in effect.

 The fulfillment of the foregoing conditions will not create any
 obligation on Williams&#146; part to effect the spin-off. We are
 not aware of any material federal or state regulatory
 requirements that must be complied with or any material
 approvals that must be obtained, other than compliance with SEC
 rules and regulations and the declaration of effectiveness of
 the registration statement on Form 10 by the SEC, in
 connection with the distribution.

 Williams has the right not to complete the spin-off if, at any
 time prior to the distribution, the board of directors of
 Williams determines, in its sole discretion, that the spin-off
 is not in the best interests of Williams or its stockholders or
 that market conditions are such that it is not advisable to
 separate us from Williams.

 Reason
 for Furnishing this Information Statement 

 This information statement is being furnished solely to provide
 information to Williams stockholders that are entitled to
 receive shares of our common stock in the spin-off. This
 information statement is not, and is not to be construed as, an
 inducement or encouragement to buy, hold or sell any of our
 securities. We believe that the information in this information
 statement is accurate as of the date set forth on the cover.
 Changes may occur after that date and neither Williams nor we
 undertake any obligation to update the information except in the
 normal course of our respective public disclosure obligations.

 57

 Table of Contents 

 TRADING
 MARKET 

 Market
 for Our Common Stock 

 There has been no public market for our common stock. An active
 trading market may not develop or may not be sustained. We
 anticipate that trading of our common stock will commence on a
 &#147;when-issued&#148; basis on or shortly before the record
 date and continue through the distribution date. When-issued
 trading refers to a sale or purchase made conditionally because
 the security has been authorized but not yet issued. When-issued
 trades generally settle within four trading days after the
 distribution date. If you own shares of Williams common stock at
 the close of business on the record date, you will be entitled
 to shares of our common stock distributed pursuant to the
 spin-off. You may trade this entitlement to shares of our common
 stock, without the shares of Williams common stock you own, on
 the when-issued market. On the first trading day following the
 distribution date, any when-issued trading with respect to our
 common stock will end and &#147;regular-way&#148; trading will
 begin. We intend to list our common stock on the NYSE under the
 ticker symbol &#147;WPX.&#148; We will announce our when-issued
 trading symbol when and if it becomes available.

 It is also anticipated that, on or shortly before the record
 date and continuing up to and including the distribution date,
 there will be two markets in Williams common stock: a
 &#147;regular-way&#148; market and an
 &#147;ex-distribution&#148; 
 market. Shares of Williams common stock that trade on the
 regular-way market will trade with an entitlement to shares of
 our common stock distributed pursuant to the distribution.
 Shares that trade on the ex-distribution market will trade
 without an entitlement to shares of our common stock distributed
 pursuant to the distribution. Therefore, if you sell shares of
 Williams common stock in the regular-way market up to and
 including the distribution date, you will be selling your right
 to receive shares of our common stock in the distribution.
 However, if you own shares of Williams common stock at the close
 of business on the record date and sell those shares on the
 ex-distribution market up to and including the distribution
 date, you will still receive the shares of our common stock that
 you would otherwise receive pursuant to the distribution.

 We cannot predict the prices at which our common stock may trade
 before the spin-off on a &#147;when-issued&#148; basis or after
 the spin-off. Those prices will be determined by the
 marketplace. Prices at which trading in our common stock occurs
 may fluctuate significantly. Those prices may be influenced by
 many factors, including anticipated or actual fluctuations in
 our operating results or those of other companies in our
 industry, investor perception of our company and the exploration
 and production industry, market fluctuations and general
 economic conditions. In addition, the stock market in general
 has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have
 affected the performance of many stocks and that have often been
 unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of
 these companies. These are just some factors that may adversely
 affect the market price of our common stock. See &#147;Risk
 Factors&#151;Risks Related to Our Common Stock.&#148;

 Transferability
 of Shares of Our Common Stock 

 We expect that upon completion of the spin-off, we will have
 approximately 197 million shares of common stock issued and
 outstanding, based on the number of shares of Williams common
 stock expected to be outstanding as of the record date. The
 shares of our common stock that you will receive in the
 distribution will be freely transferable, unless you are
 considered an &#147;affiliate&#148; of ours under Rule 144
 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 &#147;Securities Act&#148;). Persons who can be considered our
 affiliates after the spin-off generally include individuals or
 entities that directly, or indirectly through one or more
 intermediaries, control, are controlled by, or are under common
 control with, us, and may include certain of our officers and
 directors. Immediately following the completion of the spin-off,
 we estimate that our officers and directors will hold
 9,563 shares of our common stock based on the number of
 shares of Williams common stock they hold on the record date.
 Our affiliates may sell shares of our common stock received in
 the distribution only:

 &#149; 

 under a registration statement that the SEC has declared
 effective under the Securities Act; or

 &#149; 

 under an exemption from registration under the Securities Act,
 such as the exemption afforded by Rule 144.

 58

 Table of Contents 

 In general, under Rule 144 as currently in effect, an
 affiliate will be entitled to sell, within any three-month
 period commencing 90 days after the date the registration
 statement, of which this information statement is a part, is
 declared effective, a number of shares of our common stock that
 does not exceed the greater of:

 &#149; 

 1.0% of our common stock then outstanding; or

 &#149; 

 the average weekly trading volume of our common stock on the
 NYSE during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a
 notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.

 Sales under Rule 144 are also subject to restrictions
 relating to manner of sale and the availability of current
 public information about us.

 In the future, we may adopt new stock option and other
 equity-based award plans and issue options to purchase shares of
 our common stock and other stock-based awards. We currently
 expect to file a registration statement under the Securities Act
 to register shares to be issued under these stock plans. Shares
 issued pursuant to awards after the effective date of the
 registration statement, other than shares issued to affiliates,
 generally will be freely tradable without further registration
 under the Securities Act.

 Except for our common stock distributed in the distribution,
 none of our equity securities will be outstanding on or
 immediately after the spin-off and there are no registration
 rights agreements existing with respect to our common stock.

 59

 Table of Contents 

 DIVIDEND
 POLICY 

 We do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in
 the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain our future
 earnings to support the growth and development of our business.
 The payment of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the
 discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon, among
 other things, our financial condition, results of operations,
 capital requirements and development expenditures, future
 business prospects and any restrictions imposed by future debt
 instruments.

 60

 Table of Contents 

 CAPITALIZATION 

 The following table sets forth our cash and cash equivalents and
 capitalization as of September 30, 2011 on an actual basis
 and pro forma basis to give effect to:

 &#149; 

 the completion of our restructuring transactions;

 &#149; 

 the receipt of approximately $1.479 billion from our
 offering of the Notes, after deducting the discounts of the
 initial purchasers of the Notes and the expenses payable by us
 in connection with such offering;

 &#149; 

 the distribution of approximately $979 million to Williams
 from the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes in
 connection with our restructuring transactions. Williams has
 informed us that it expects to use the net proceeds distributed
 to it from the offering of the Notes to repay a portion of its
 indebtedness.

 You should read this table in conjunction with &#147;Selected
 Historical Combined Financial Data,&#148;
 &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations&#148; and our historical and
 unaudited pro forma combined financial statements and related
 notes included elsewhere in this information statement.

 At September 30, 2011 

 Historical 

 Pro Forma 

 (Millions) 

 Cash and cash equivalents(1) 

 $

 50

 $

 550

 Debt: 

 Senior unsecured credit facility(2)

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Senior unsecured notes

 &#151;

 1,500

 Total debt 

 &#151;

 1,500

 Equity: 

 Owner&#146;s net investment

 6,729

 &#151;

 Common stock, $.01 par value per share,
 2,000,000,000 shares authorized and 197,000,000 shares
 outstanding

 &#151;

 2

 Additional paid-in capital

 &#151;

 5,701

 Noncontrolling interests

 78

 78

 Accumulated other comprehensive income

 200

 200

 Total equity 

 7,007

 5,981

 Total capitalization 

 $

 7,007

 $

 7,481

 (1) 

 Williams has agreed to provide us with up to a maximum of
 $20 million with respect to certain information technology
 transition costs we will incur as a result of our separation
 from Williams. The actual amount of cash we receive from
 Williams upon completion of the spin-off will be reduced by the
 total amount of such information technology costs already funded
 by Williams in advance of the spin-off. As of September 30,
 2011, Williams had incurred approximately $2 million
 related to these costs resulting in a remaining potential
 reimbursement from Williams of up to approximately
 $18 million. The pro forma cash and cash equivalents
 balance does not reflect any cash that Williams might provide to
 us related to these costs. See &#147;Management&#146;s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations&#151;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Liquidity&#151;Liquidity.&#148; 

 (2) 

 Our Credit Facility provides for borrowings of up to
 $1.5 billion. Our future borrowing capacity will be reduced
 by letters of credit issued under the Credit Facility. See
 &#147;Description of Material Indebtedness&#151;Credit
 Facility.&#148; 

 61

 Table of Contents 

 SELECTED
 HISTORICAL COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA 

 The following tables set forth our selected historical combined
 financial data for the periods indicated below. The historical
 unaudited combined financial data for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2011 and 2010 and balance sheet data as of
 September 30, 2011 have been derived from our unaudited
 condensed combined financial statements included in this
 information statement. The unaudited condensed combined
 financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as our
 audited combined financial statements, except as stated in the
 related notes thereto, and include all normal recurring
 adjustments that, in the opinion of management, are necessary to
 present fairly our financial condition and result of operations
 for such periods. The results of operations for the nine months
 ended September 30, 2011 presented below are not
 necessarily indicative of results for the entire fiscal year.
 Our selected historical combined financial data as of
 December 31, 2010 and 2009 and for the fiscal years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 have been derived from our
 audited historical combined financial statements included
 elsewhere in this information statement. Our selected historical
 combined financial data as of December 31, 2008, 2007 and
 2006 and for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006
 have been derived from our unaudited accounting records not
 included in this information statement.

 The financial statements included in this information statement
 may not necessarily reflect our financial position, results of
 operations and cash flows as if we had operated as a stand-alone
 public company during all periods presented. Accordingly, our
 historical results should not be relied upon as an indicator of
 our future performance.

 The following selected historical financial and operating data
 should be read in conjunction with &#147;Capitalization,&#148;
 &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations,&#148; &#147;Arrangements
 Between Williams and Our Company&#148; and our combined
 financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in
 this information statement.

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 (Millions) 

 Statement of operations data: 

 Revenues

 $

 2,996

 $

 3,074

 $

 4,034

 $

 3,681

 $

 6,184

 $

 4,479

 $

 4,627

 Income (loss) from continuing operations(1)

 54

 (1,295

 )

 (1,274

 )

 149

 817

 192

 104

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations(2)

 (11

 )

 (2

 )

 (8

 )

 (7

 )

 (87

 )

 146

 6

 Net income (loss)

 43

 (1,297

 )

 (1,282

 )

 142

 730

 338

 110

 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

 7

 6

 8

 6

 8

 11

 12

 Net income (loss) attributable to WPX Energy

 $

 36

 $

 (1,303

 )

 $

 (1,290

 )

 $

 136

 $

 722

 $

 327

 $

 98

 As of 

 September 30, 

 As of December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 (Millions) 

 Balance sheet data 

 Notes payable to Williams &#151; current(3)

 $

 &#151;

 $

 2,261

 $

 1,216

 $

 925

 $

 656

 $

 &#151;

 Notes receivable from Williams

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 64

 Third party debt

 2

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 34

 Total assets

 10,141

 9,846

 10,553

 11,624

 10,571

 11,223

 Total equity(3)

 7,007

 4,500

 5,405

 5,506

 4,356

 4,376

 (1) 

 Loss from continuing operations for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2010 and the year ended December 31,
 2010 includes $1.7 billion of impairment charges related to
 goodwill, producing properties in the Barnett Shale and costs of
 acquired unproved reserves in the Piceance Basin. Income from
 continuing operations in 2008 includes a $148 million gain
 related to the sale of a right to an international 

 62

 Table of Contents 

 production payment. See Notes 6 and 14 of Notes to Combined
 Financial Statements for further discussion of asset sales,
 impairments and other accruals in 2010, 2009 and 2008. 

 (2) 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations includes our Arkoma
 operations which were classified as held for sale as of
 March 31, 2011 and Williams&#146; former power business
 that was substantially disposed of in 2007. The activity in 2010
 and 2009 primarily relates to the Arkoma operations and the
 remaining indemnity and other obligations related to the former
 power business. Activity in 2008 reflects a $148 million
 pre-tax impairment charge related to the producing properties in
 the Arkoma Basin. Activity in 2007 and 2006 primarily reflects
 the operations of the power business and 2007 includes a pre-tax
 gain of $429 million associated with the reclassification
 of deferred net hedge gains from accumulated other comprehensive
 income (loss) to earnings based on the determination that the
 hedged forecasted transactions were probable of not occurring
 due to the sale of Williams&#146; power business. This gain is
 partially offset by a pre-tax unrealized
 mark-to-market 
 loss of $23 million, a $37 million loss from
 operations and $111 million of pre-tax impairments
 primarily related to the carrying value of certain derivative
 contracts. 

 (3) 

 On June 30, 2011, all of our notes payable to Williams were
 cancelled by Williams. The amount due to Williams at the time of
 cancellation was $2.4 billion and is reflected as an
 increase in owner&#146;s investment as of September 30,
 2011. 

 63

 Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT&#146;S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
 OPERATIONS 

 We are currently a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Williams
 Companies, Inc. and were formed in April 2011 to hold the
 exploration and production businesses of Williams. We did not
 have material assets or liabilities as a separate corporate
 entity until the contribution to us by Williams of the
 businesses described in this information statement. Williams
 previously conducted our businesses through various
 subsidiaries. This information statement, including the combined
 financial statements and the following discussion, describes us
 and our financial condition and operations as if we had held the
 subsidiaries that were transferred to us on or after
 July 1, 2011 or will be transferred to us prior to
 completion of the spin-off for all historical periods presented.
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the
 selected historical combined financial data and the combined
 financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in
 this information statement. The matters discussed below may
 contain forward-looking statements that reflect our plans,
 estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ
 materially from those discussed in these forward-looking
 statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these
 differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed
 below and elsewhere in this information statement, particularly
 in &#147;Risk Factors&#148; and &#147;Forward-Looking
 Statements.&#148;

 We are an independent natural gas and oil exploration and
 production company engaged in the exploitation and development
 of long-life unconventional properties. We are focused on
 profitably exploiting our significant natural gas reserve base
 and related NGLs in the Piceance Basin of the Rocky Mountain
 region, and on developing and growing our position in the Bakken
 Shale oil play in North Dakota and our Marcellus Shale natural
 gas position in Pennsylvania. Our other areas of domestic
 operations include the Powder River Basin in Wyoming and the
 San Juan Basin in the southwestern United States. In
 addition, we own a 69 percent controlling ownership
 interest in Apco, which holds oil and gas concessions in
 Argentina and Colombia and trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market
 under the symbol &#147;APAGF.&#148;

 In addition to our exploration and development activities, we
 engage in natural gas sales and marketing. Our sales and
 marketing activities to date include the sale of our natural gas
 and oil production, in addition to third party purchases and
 sales of natural gas, including sales to Williams Partners L.P.
 (NYSE: &#147;WPZ&#148;) (&#147;Williams Partners&#148;) for use
 in its midstream business. Following the completion of the
 spin-off of our stock to Williams stockholders, we do not expect
 to continue to provide these services to Williams Partners on a
 long-term basis. Our sales and marketing activities currently
 include the management of various natural gas related contracts
 such as transportation, storage and related hedges. We also sell
 natural gas purchased from working interest owners in operated
 wells and other area third party producers. We primarily engage
 in these activities to enhance the value received from the sale
 of our natural gas and oil production. Revenues associated with
 the sale of our production are recorded in oil and gas revenues.
 The revenues and expenses related to other marketing activities
 are reported on a gross basis as part of gas management revenues
 and costs and expenses.

 Basis of
 Presentation 

 The combined financial statements included elsewhere in this
 information statement have been derived from the accounting
 records of Williams, principally representing the
 Exploration &#038; Production segment. We have used the
 historical results of operations, and historical basis of assets
 and liabilities of the subsidiaries transferred to us from
 Williams in July and October 2011 to prepare the combined
 financial statements. The following discussion and analysis of
 results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and
 critical accounting estimates relates to our current continuing
 operations and should be read in conjunction with the combined
 financial statements and notes thereto included in this
 information statement.

 During the first quarter 2011, we initiated a formal process to
 pursue the divestiture of our holdings in the Arkoma Basin and
 have recorded pretax impairment charges totalling
 $16 million based on an estimated fair value less cost to
 sell. Our daily Arkoma Basin production is approximately
 9 MMcfd, or less than one percent of our total production.
 As we obtained the requisite approval for disposal and met the
 other criteria necessary for considering these assets as held
 for sale and the related operations as discontinued, in the
 first

 64

 Table of Contents 

 quarter 2011, we have reported our Arkoma operations, including
 any impairment charges, as discontinued operations for all
 periods presented. Unless otherwise noted, the following
 discussion relates to our continuing operations.

 The Combined Statements of Operations included elsewhere in this
 information statement includes allocations of costs for
 corporate functions historically provided to us by Williams.
 These allocations include the following costs:

 Corporate Services. Represents costs for
 certain employees of Williams who provide general and
 administrative services on our behalf. These charges are either
 directly identifiable or allocated based upon usage factors for
 our operations. In addition, we receive other allocated costs
 for our share of general corporate expenses of Williams, which
 are determined based on our relative use of the service or on a
 three-factor formula, which considers revenue, properties and
 equipment and payroll. All of these costs are reflected in
 general and administrative expense in the Combined Statement of
 Operations.

 Employee Benefits and Incentives. Represents
 benefit costs and other incentives, including group health and
 welfare benefits, pension plans, postretirement benefit plans
 and employee stock-based compensation plans. Costs associated
 with incentive and stock-based compensation plans are determined
 on a specific identification basis for certain direct employees.
 All other employee benefit costs have historically been
 allocated using a percentage factor derived from a ratio of
 benefit costs to salary costs for Williams&#146; domestic
 employees. These costs are included in lease and facility
 operating expenses and general and administrative expenses in
 the Combined Statement of Operations.

 Interest Expense. Williams utilizes a
 centralized approach to cash management and the financing of its
 businesses. Prior to July 2011, cash receipts and cash
 expenditures for costs and expenses from our domestic operations
 were transferred to or from Williams on a regular basis and
 recorded as increases or decreases in the balance due under
 unsecured promissory notes we had in place with Williams. The
 notes accrued interest based on Williams&#146; weighted average
 cost of debt and such interest was added monthly to the note
 principal. In June 2011, Williams contributed to our capital all
 amounts due to it under these notes and prospectively we expect
 all of the cash receipts and cash expenditures transferred to or
 from Williams prior to December 1, 2011 will be considered
 owner&#146;s equity transactions between us and Williams.
 Subsequent to December 1, 2011, we will maintain separate
 cash accounts from Williams and our interest expense will relate
 only to our borrowings (which will consist of the Notes and any
 amounts drawn under our Credit Facility).

 Our management believes the assumptions and methodologies
 underlying the allocation of expenses from Williams are
 reasonable. However, such expenses may not be indicative of the
 actual level of expense that would have been or will be incurred
 by us if we were to operate as an independent, publicly traded
 company. We will enter into a transition services agreement with
 Williams that will provide for continuation for some of these
 services in exchange for fees specified in these agreements. See
 &#147;Arrangements Between Williams and Our
 Company&#151;Transition Services Agreement.&#148;

 We believe the assumptions underlying the combined financial
 statements are reasonable. However, the combined financial
 statements may not necessarily reflect our future results of
 operations, financial position and cash flows or what these
 items would have been had we been a stand-alone company during
 the periods presented.

 Overview
 of the nine months ended September 30, 2011 and
 2010 

 Domestic production revenues for the first nine months of 2011
 were higher than the first nine months of 2010, primarily
 because of higher production volumes. Offsetting the impact of
 higher production volumes was an increase in gathering,
 processing and transportation expenses due to fees as a result
 of a new long-term agreement following our fourth quarter 2010
 sale to Williams Partners of certain gathering and processing
 assets in the Piceance Basin and increases in other expense
 categories discussed below. Our September 2010 operating income
 (loss) was unfavorably affected by a $1 billion full
 impairment charge related to goodwill and $678 million of
 pre-tax charges associated with impairments of certain producing
 properties and costs of acquired unproved reserves.

 65

 Table of Contents 

 During late 2010 and 2011, we incurred approximately $11 million
 of exploratory drilling costs in connection with a Marcellus
 Shale well in Columbia County, Pennsylvania. Results were
 inconclusive and raised substantial doubt about the economic and
 operational viability of the well. As a result, the costs
 associated with this well were expensed as exploratory dry hole
 costs in the nine months ended September 30, 2011. Further, we
 assessed the impact of this well on our ability to recover the
 remaining lease acquisition costs associated with our acreage in
 Columbia County. During the nine months ended September 30,
 2011, we recorded a $50 million write-off of leasehold costs
 associated with this acreage that we no longer plan to develop,
 which represents approximately 65 percent of our Columbia County
 acreage. Our total acreage in Columbia County represents
 approximately 21 percent of our total undeveloped acreage in the
 Marcellus Shale. Prior to the write-off, the total carrying
 value of the undeveloped leasehold costs associated with all of
 our Columbia County acreage was $75 million, or 11 percent
 of our total carrying value for undeveloped leasehold costs in
 the Marcellus Shale.

 In our assessment for impairment of producing oil and gas
 properties at December 31, 2010, we noted that
 approximately 12 percent of our producing assets, primarily
 located in the Powder River Basin, could be at risk for
 impairment if the weighted average forward price across all
 periods used in our cash flow estimates were to decline by
 approximately 8 to 12 percent, on average, absent changes
 in other factors impacting estimated future net cash flows. As
 of September 30, 2011, the impact of changes in forward
 prices since December 31, 2010 to our cash flow estimates
 was indicative of a potential impairment. As a result, we
 conducted an impairment review of our proved producing oil and
 gas properties in the Powder River Basin as of
 September 30, 2011. The net book value of our proved
 producing assets in the Powder River Basin was approximately
 $500 million as of September 30, 2011. The recording
 of an impairment charge was not required as of
 September 30, 2011, as the undiscounted cash flows were
 greater than the net book value. Our interim impairment
 assessment included not only a review of forward pricing
 assumptions but also consideration of other factors impacting
 estimated future net cash flows, including but not limited to
 reserve and production estimates, future operating costs, future
 development costs and production taxes. Our 2011 interim updated
 reserve estimates for Powder River included 2011 additions to
 proved reserves. In this interim assessment, we noted that the
 Powder River producing assets could be at risk of impairment if
 the weighted average forward price across all periods used in
 our cash flow estimates were to decline by approximately six
 percent on average, absent changes in other factors. The
 weighted average decline in these forward prices from September
 30, 2011 to November 30, 2011, as it relates to the Powder River
 basin production projections, was approximately
 7.7 percent. These properties will be part of our annual
 impairment assessment for all properties in the fourth quarter
 and could be subject to impairment. If the recording of an
 impairment charge becomes necessary for the Powder River
 properties as of December 31, 2011, it is reasonably
 possible that the amount of such charge could be at least
 $200 million.

 Highlights of the comparative periods, primarily related to our
 production activities, include:

 For the Nine Months Ended 

 September 30, 

 2011 

 2010 

 % Change 

 Average daily domestic production (MMcfe/d)

 1,211

 1,105

 +10

 %

 Average daily total production (MMcfe/d)

 1,267

 1,160

 +9

 %

 Domestic production realized average price ($/Mcfe)(1)

 $

 5.44

 $

 5.29

 +3

 %

 Capital expenditures and acquisitions ($ millions)

 $

 1,088

 $

 1,460

 (25)

 %

 Domestic oil and gas revenues ($ millions)

 $

 1,799

 $

 1,596

 +13

 %

 Revenues ($ millions)

 $

 2,996

 $

 3,074

 (3)

 %

 Operating income (loss) ($ millions)

 $

 153

 $

 (1,401

 )

 NM

 (1) 

 Realized average prices include market prices, net of fuel and
 shrink and hedge gains and losses. The realized hedge gain per
 Mcfe was $0.65 and $0.73 for the first nine months of 2011 and
 2010, respectively. 

 66

 Table of Contents 

 Overview
 of 2010 

 The effects of the severe economic recession during late 2008
 and 2009 eased during 2010. Crude oil and NGL prices have
 returned to attractive levels, but natural gas prices have
 remained low. Forward natural gas prices declined during 2010,
 primarily as a result of significant increases in near- and
 long-term supplies, which have outpaced near-term demand growth.
 The decline in forward natural gas prices contributed
 significantly to impairments we recorded in 2010.

 In December 2010, we acquired a company that held approximately
 85,800 net acres in North Dakota&#146;s Bakken Shale oil
 play for cash consideration of approximately $949 million.
 This acquisition diversified our interests into light, sweet
 crude oil production.

 In July 2010, we acquired additional leasehold acreage positions
 in the Marcellus Shale and a five percent overriding royalty
 interest associated with these acreage positions for cash
 consideration of $599 million. These acquisitions nearly
 doubled our net acreage holdings in the Marcellus Shale. During
 2010, we also invested a total of $164 million to acquire
 additional unproved leasehold acreage positions in the Marcellus
 Shale.

 In November 2010, we completed the sale of certain gathering and
 processing assets in the Piceance Basin to Williams Partners for
 consideration of $702 million in cash and approximately
 1.8 million Williams Partners common units. Because the
 Williams Partners common units received by us in this
 transaction were intended to be (and have since been)
 distributed through a dividend to Williams, these units have
 been presented net within equity. In conjunction with this sale,
 we entered into a gathering and processing agreement with
 Williams Partners. Prior periods reflect our costs associated
 with operating these assets as lease and facility operating
 costs; depreciation, depletion and amortization; and general and
 administrative. Our gathering, processing and transportation
 costs after the sale increased as a result of our new agreement
 with Williams Partners.

 Our 2010 operating income (loss) changed unfavorably by
 $1.7 billion compared to 2009. Operating income (loss) for
 2010 includes a $1 billion full impairment charge related
 to goodwill and $678 million of pre-tax charges associated
 with impairments of certain producing properties and costs of
 acquired unproved reserves, while 2009 included an expense of
 $32 million associated with contractual penalties from the
 early termination of drilling rig contracts. Partially
 offsetting these costs is the impact of an improved energy
 commodity price environment in 2010 compared to 2009. Highlights
 of the comparative periods, primarily related to our production
 activities, include:

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 % Change 

 Average daily domestic production (MMcfe/d)

 1,121

 1,175

 (5)

 %

 Average daily total production (MMcfe/d)

 1,174

 1,229

 (4)

 %

 Domestic production realized average price ($/Mcfe)(1)

 $

 5.22

 $

 4.87

 +7

 %

 Capital expenditures and acquisitions ($ millions)

 $

 2,805

 $

 1,434

 +96

 %

 Domestic oil and gas revenues ($ millions)

 $

 2,136

 $

 2,090

 +2

 %

 Revenues ($ millions)

 $

 4,034

 $

 3,681

 +10

 %

 Operating income (loss) ($ millions)

 $

 (1,337

 )

 $

 317

 NM

 (1) 

 Realized average prices include market prices, net of fuel and
 shrink and hedge gains and losses. The realized hedge gain per
 Mcfe was $0.81 and $1.43 for 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

 NM: A percentage calculation is not meaningful due to a change
 in signs.

 As a result of significant declines in forward natural gas
 prices during third quarter 2010, we performed an interim
 assessment of our capitalized costs related to property and
 goodwill. As a result of these assessments, we recorded a
 $503 million impairment charge related to the capitalized
 costs of our Barnett Shale properties and a $175 million
 impairment charge related to capitalized costs of acquired
 unproved reserves in the Piceance Highlands, which were acquired
 in 2008. Additionally, we fully impaired our

 67

 Table of Contents 

 goodwill in the amount of $1 billion. These impairments
 were based on our assessment of estimated future discounted cash
 flows and other information. See Notes 6 and 14 of Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements for a further discussion of the
 impairments.

 Outlook 

 We believe we are well positioned to execute our business
 strategy of finding and developing reserves and producing
 natural gas and oil at costs that will generate an attractive
 rate of return on our incremental development investments.
 However, a significant decline in forward natural gas prices
 would negatively impact future operating results and increase
 the risk of nonperformance of counterparties or impairments of
 long-lived assets.

 We believe that our portfolio of reserves provides an
 opportunity to continue to grow in our strategic areas,
 including the Piceance Basin, the Marcellus Shale and the Bakken
 Shale. We are also focused on developing a more balanced
 portfolio that may include a larger portion of oil and NGLs
 reserves and production than we have historically maintained,
 which we believe will generate long-term, sustainable value for
 shareholders. Currently, we expect 2011 capital expenditures of
 approximately $1.35 to $1.55 billion. At this time, we
 expect 2012 capital expenditures to be approximately
 $1.2 billion to $1.8 billion.

 We continue to operate with a focus on increasing shareholder
 value and investing in our businesses in a way that enhances our
 competitive position by:

 &#149; 

 Continuing to invest in and grow our production and reserves;

 &#149; 

 Retaining the flexibility to make adjustments to our planned
 levels of capital and investment expenditures in response to
 changes in economic conditions or business opportunities;

 &#149; 

 Continuing to diversify our commodity portfolio through the
 development of our Bakken Shale oil play position and
 liquids-rich basins with high concentrations of NGLs;

 &#149; 

 Maintaining our industry leadership position in relationship to
 costs; and

 &#149; 

 Continuing to maintain an active hedging program around our
 commodity price risks.

 Potential risks or obstacles that could impact the execution of
 our plan include:

 &#149; 

 Lower than anticipated energy commodity prices;

 &#149; 

 Lower than expected levels of cash flow from operations;

 &#149; 

 Unavailability of capital;

 &#149; 

 Higher capital costs of developing unconventional shale
 properties;

 &#149; 

 Counterparty credit and performance risk;

 &#149; 

 Decreased drilling success;

 &#149; 

 General economic, financial markets or industry downturn;

 &#149; 

 Changes in the political and regulatory environments; and

 &#149; 

 Increase in the cost of, or shortages or delays in the
 availability of, drilling rigs and equipment, supplies, skilled
 labor or transportation.

 We continue to address certain of these risks through
 utilization of commodity hedging strategies, disciplined
 investment strategies and maintaining adequate liquidity. In
 addition, we utilize master netting agreements and collateral
 requirements with our counterparties to reduce credit risk and
 liquidity requirements.

 Commodity
 Price Risk Management 

 To manage the commodity price risk and volatility of owning
 producing gas and oil properties, we enter into derivative
 contracts for a portion of our future production. For the
 remainder of 2011, we have the

 68

 Table of Contents 

 following contracts for our daily domestic production, shown at
 weighted average volumes and basin-level weighted average prices:

 Remainder of 2011 Natural Gas 

 Weighted Average 

 Price ($/MMBtu) 

 Volume 

 Floor-Ceiling 

 (BBtu/d) 

 for Collars 

 Collar agreements &#151; Rockies

 45

 $5.30 - $7.10

 Collar agreements &#151; San Juan

 90

 $5.27 - $7.06

 Collar agreements &#151; Mid-Continent

 80

 $5.10 - $7.00

 Collar agreements &#151; Southern California

 30

 $5.83 - $7.56

 Collar agreements &#151; Northeast

 30

 $6.50 - $8.14

 Fixed price at basin swaps

 395

 $5.25

 Remainder of 2011 Crude Oil 

 Volume 

 Weighted Average 

 (Bbls/d) 

 Price ($/Bbl) 

 WTI Crude Oil fixed-price

 4,500

 $

 96.56

 The following is a summary of our derivative contracts for daily
 domestic production shown at weighted average volumes and
 basin-level weighted average prices for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2011 and 2010:

 Natural Gas 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

 2011 

 2010 

 Weighted 

 Weighted 

 Average Price 

 Average Price 

 ($/MMBtu) 

 ($/MMBtu) 

 Volume 

 Floor-Ceiling 

 Volume 

 Floor-Ceiling 

 (BBtu/d) 

 for Collars 

 (BBtu/d) 

 for Collars 

 Collar agreements &#151; Rockies

 45

 $5.30 - $7.10

 100

 $6.53 -$8.94

 Collar agreements &#151; San Juan

 90

 $5.27 - $7.06

 233

 $5.74 - $7.82

 Collar agreements &#151; Mid-Continent

 80

 $5.10 - $7.00

 105

 $5.37 - $7.41

 Collar agreements &#151; Southern California

 30

 $5.83 -$7.56

 45

 $4.80 - $6.43

 Collar agreements &#151; Northeast and other

 30

 $6.50 -$8.14

 27

 $5.63 - $6.87

 NYMEX and basis fixed-price swaps

 365

 $5.21

 120

 $4.39

 Crude Oil 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

 2011 

 2010 

 Weighted 

 Weighted 

 Volume 

 Average Price 

 Volume 

 Average Price 

 (Bbls/d) 

 ($/Bbl) 

 (Bbls/d) 

 ($/Bbl) 

 WTI Crude Oil fixed-price

 2,916

 95.53

 &#151;

 &#151;

 69

 Table of Contents 

 The following is a summary of our agreements and contracts for
 daily domestic production shown at weighted average volumes and
 basin-level weighted average prices for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008:

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 Weighted Average 

 Weighted Average 

 Weighted Average 

 Price ($/MMBtu) 

 Price ($/MMBtu) 

 Price ($/MMBtu) 

 Volume 

 Floor-Ceiling 

 Volume 

 Floor-Ceiling 

 Volume 

 Floor-Ceiling 

 (BBtu/d) 

 for Collars 

 (BBtu/d) 

 for Collars 

 (BBtu/d) 

 for Collars 

 Collar agreements &#151; Rockies

 100

 $6.53 - $8.94

 150

 $6.11 - $9.04

 170

 $6.16 - $9.14

 Collar agreements &#151; San Juan

 233

 $5.75 - $7.82

 245

 $6.58 - $9.62

 202

 $6.35 - $8.96

 Collar agreements &#151; Mid-Continent

 105

 $5.37 - $7.41

 95

 $7.08 - $9.73

 63

 $7.02 - $9.72

 Collar agreements &#151; Southern California

 45

 $4.80 -$6.43

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Collar agreements &#151; Other

 28

 $5.63 - $6.87

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 NYMEX and basis fixed-price swaps

 120

 $4.40

 106

 $3.67

 70

 $3.97

 Additionally, we utilize contracted pipeline capacity to move
 our production from the Rockies to other locations when pricing
 differentials are favorable to Rockies pricing. We also hold a
 long-term obligation to deliver on a firm basis
 200,000 MMbtu/d of natural gas at monthly index pricing to
 a buyer at the White River Hub (Greasewood-Meeker, CO), which is
 a major market hub exiting the Piceance Basin. Our interests in
 the Piceance Basin hold sufficient reserves to meet this
 obligation, which expires in 2014.

 70

 Table of Contents 

 Results
 of Operations 

 Nine
 Month-Over-Nine 
 Month Results of Operations 

 The following table and discussion summarize our combined
 results of operations for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2011 and 2010.

 Historical 

 Nine Months Ended 

 September 30, 

 2011 

 % change 

 2010 

 (Millions) 

 from 2010 

 (Millions) 

 Revenues:

 Oil and gas sales, including affiliate

 $

 1,877

 13

 %

 $

 1,660

 Gas management, including affiliate

 1,092

 (20

 )%

 1,357

 Hedge ineffectiveness and
 mark-to-market 
 gains

 20

 (20

 )%

 25

 Other

 7

 (78

 )%

 32

 Total revenues

 $

 2,996

 $

 3,074

 Costs and expenses:

 Lease and facility operating, including affiliate

 218

 5

 %

 207

 Gathering, processing and transportation, including affiliate

 372

 72

 %

 216

 Taxes other than income

 109

 &#151;

 109

 Gas management (including charges for unutilized pipeline
 capacity)

 1,122

 (19

 )%

 1,385

 Exploration

 107

 138

 %

 45

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization

 703

 7

 %

 655

 Impairment of producing properties and costs of acquired
 unproved reserves

 &#151;

 NM

 678

 Goodwill impairment

 &#151;

 NM

 1,003

 General and administrative, including affiliate

 208

 14

 %

 183

 Other &#151; net

 4

 NM

 (6

 )

 Total costs and expenses

 $

 2,843

 $

 4,475

 Operating income (loss)

 $

 153

 $

 (1,401

 )

 Interest expense, including affiliate

 (97

 )

 10

 %

 (88

 )

 Interest capitalized

 8

 (33

 )%

 12

 Investment income and other

 19

 27

 %

 15

 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes

 $

 83

 $

 (1,462

 )

 Provision (benefit) for income taxes

 29

 NM

 (167

 )

 Income (loss) from continuing operations

 $

 54

 $

 (1,295

 )

 Loss from discontinued operations

 (11

 )

 NM

 (2

 )

 Net income (loss)

 $

 43

 $

 (1,297

 )

 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

 7

 17

 %

 6

 Net income (loss) attributable to WPX Energy

 $

 36

 $

 (1,303

 )

 NM: A percentage calculation is not meaningful due to a change
 in signs, a zero-value denominator or a percentage change
 greater than 200.

 71

 Table of Contents 

 The $78 million decrease in total revenues is primarily due
 to the following:

 &#149; 

 $265 million decrease in gas management revenues primarily
 due to a 6 percent decrease in average prices on physical
 natural gas sales and 15 percent lower natural gas sales
 volumes. We experienced a similar decrease of $263 million
 in related costs and expenses; and

 &#149; 

 $25 million decrease in other revenues primarily related to
 gathering revenues associated with the gathering and processing
 assets in Colorado&#146;s Piceance Basin that we sold to
 Williams Partners in the fourth quarter of 2010.

 Partially offsetting these decreases was an increase in oil and
 gas sales revenues attributable to increased domestic production
 volumes. Domestic production volumes increased approximately ten
 percent, resulting in an $153 million revenue increase,
 while domestic realized average prices (on an Mcfe basis)
 increased approximately three percent, resulting in a
 $50 million revenue increase. Oil and gas sales in 2011 and
 2010 include approximately $323 million and
 $196 million, respectively, related to natural gas liquids
 and approximately $160 million and $39 million,
 respectively, related to oil and condensate. The increase in NGL
 revenues is primarily due to higher volumes and prices in our
 Piceance Basin primarily processed by Williams Partners&#146;
 Willow Creek facility. The increase in crude oil and condensate
 is primarily related to our Bakken properties which were
 acquired in the fourth quarter of 2010. The increase in crude
 oil and condensate offset the decrease in realized natural gas
 prices.

 The $1,632 million decrease in costs and expenses is
 primarily due to the following:

 &#149; 

 The absence of $1,681 million of goodwill and property
 impairments as previously discussed;

 &#149; 

 $263 million decrease in gas management expenses, primarily
 due to a 5 percent decrease in average prices on physical
 natural gas cost of sales and a 15 percent decrease in
 natural gas sales volumes. This activity represents natural gas
 purchased in connection with our gas purchase activities for
 Williams Partners and certain working interest owners&#146;
 share of production and to manage our transportation and storage
 activities. The sales associated with our marketing of this gas
 are included in gas management revenues. Also included in gas
 management expenses are $28 million in the first nine
 months of 2011 and $35 million in the first nine months of
 2010 for unutilized pipeline capacity.

 Partially offsetting the decreased costs are increases in costs
 and expenses, primarily due to the following:

 &#149; 

 $11 million higher lease and facility operating expenses
 which reflects higher expenses associated with increased
 workover, water management and maintenance activity, offset by
 the absence in 2011 of $28 million in expenses associated
 with the previously owned gathering and processing assets.

 &#149; 

 $156 million higher gathering, processing, and
 transportation expenses primarily as a result of fees paid to
 Williams Partners in 2011 for gathering and processing
 associated with certain gathering and processing assets in the
 Piceance Basin that we sold to Williams Partners in the fourth
 quarter of 2010 and an increase in natural gas liquids volumes
 processed at Williams Partners&#146; Willow Creek plant. Our
 domestic gathering, processing and transportation expenses
 averaged $1.13 per Mcfe in the first nine months of 2011 and
 $0.72 per Mcfe in the first nine months of 2010. In the first
 nine months of 2011, gathering, processing and transportation
 expenses were $104 million ($0.32/Mcfe) higher due to fees
 paid to Williams Partners pursuant to the gathering and
 processing agreement associated with the assets we sold to
 Williams Partners in the fourth quarter of 2010. During the
 first nine months of 2010, our operating costs were
 $58 million ($0.19/Mcfe) associated with these assets
 (primarily reflected in lease and facility operating costs
 ($28 million) and depreciation, depletion and amortization
 ($17 million)). These costs are no longer directly incurred
 as operating costs (but rather as gathering, processing and
 transportation expenses) as we no longer own or operate these
 assets. Transportation costs are also higher as a result of the
 increase in production volumes;

 &#149; 

 Exploration expense increased primarily due to the previously
 discussed dry hole and leasehold write-offs of $61 million in
 Columbia County, Pennsylvania coupled with increased leasehold
 amortization costs associated with prior period leasehold
 acquisitions. Partially off-setting these increases is the
 absence of $15 million in dry hole charges associated with our
 Paradox basin recognized in 2010.

 72

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 

 $48 million higher depreciation, depletion and amortization
 expenses reflects higher production volumes partially offset by
 the absence of $17 million of depreciation expense related
 to the assets sold to Williams Partner&#146;s in 2010;

 &#149; 

 $25 million higher general and administrative expenses
 primarily due to higher wages, salary and benefits costs as a
 result of an increase in the number of employees.

 The $1,554 million increase in operating income primarily
 reflects the absence of goodwill and property impairments offset
 by increases in gathering, processing and transportation
 expense, exploration and depreciation, depletion and
 amortization in 2011 compared to 2010.

 Interest expense increased primarily due to higher average
 amount outstanding under our unsecured notes payable to
 Williams. Due to cancellation on June 30, 2011 of our
 intercompany notes with Williams, no affiliate interest expense
 was recorded from July 1, 2011 to September 30, 2011.

 Provision (benefit) for income taxes changed unfavorably due to
 the pre-tax income in 2011 compared to the pre-tax loss in 2010.
 See Note 7 of the Notes to Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements for a discussion of the effective tax rates compared
 to the federal statutory rate for both periods.

 Year-Over-Year 
 Results of Operations 

 The following table and discussion summarize our combined
 results of operations for the years ended December 31,
 2010, 2009 and 2008.

 Historical 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (Millions) 

 % Change 

 % Change 

 from 2009 

 from 2008 

 Revenues:

 Oil and gas sales, including affiliate

 $

 2,225

 3

 %

 $

 2,168

 (25

 %)

 $

 2,882

 Gas management, including affiliate

 1,742

 20

 %

 1,456

 (55

 %)

 3,241

 Hedge ineffectiveness and
 mark-to-market 
 gains and losses

 27

 50

 %

 18

 (38

 %)

 29

 Other

 40

 3

 %

 39

 22

 %

 32

 Total revenues

 $

 4,034

 $

 3,681

 $

 6,184

 Costs and expenses:

 Lease and facility operating, including affiliate

 $

 286

 9

 %

 $

 263

 (3

 %)

 $

 272

 Gathering, processing and transportation, including affiliate

 326

 19

 %

 273

 19

 %

 229

 Taxes other than income

 125

 34

 %

 93

 (63

 %)

 254

 Gas management (including charges for unutilized pipeline
 capacity)

 1,771

 18

 %

 1,495

 (54

 %)

 3,248

 Exploration

 73

 35

 %

 54

 46

 %

 37

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization

 875

 (1

 %)

 887

 20

 %

 738

 Impairment of producing properties and costs of acquired
 unproved reserves

 678

 NM

 15

 NM

 &#151;

 Goodwill impairment

 1,003

 NM

 &#151;

 NM

 &#151;

 General and administrative, including affiliate

 253

 1

 %

 251

 2

 %

 247

 Gain on sale of contractual right to international production
 payment

 &#151;

 NM

 &#151;

 NM

 (148

 )

 Other&#151;net

 (19

 )

 NM

 33

 NM

 6

 Total costs and expenses

 $

 5,371

 $

 3,364

 $

 4,883

 Operating income (loss)

 $

 (1,337

 )

 $

 317

 $

 1,301

 Interest expense, including affiliate

 (124

 )

 24

 %

 (100

 )

 35

 %

 (74

 )

 Interest capitalized

 16

 (11

 %)

 18

 (10

 %)

 20

 Investment income and other

 21

 163

 %

 8

 (64

 %)

 22

 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes

 $

 (1,424

 )

 $

 243

 $

 1,269

 Provision (benefit) for income taxes

 (150

 )

 NM

 94

 (79

 %)

 452

 Income (loss) from continuing operations

 $

 (1,274

 )

 $

 149

 $

 817

 Loss from discontinued operations

 (8

 )

 (7

 )

 (87

 )

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (1,282

 )

 $

 142

 $

 730

 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

 8

 33

 %

 6

 (25

 %)

 8

 Net income (loss) attributable to WPX Energy

 $

 (1,290

 )

 $

 136

 $

 722

 NM: A percentage calculation is not meaningful due to a change
 in signs, a zero-value denominator or a percentage change
 greater than 200.

 73

 Table of Contents 

 2010 vs.
 2009 

 The increase in total revenues is primarily due to the following:

 &#149; 

 $57 million higher oil and gas sales revenues from an
 increase of $142 million resulting from a seven percent
 increase in domestic realized average prices including the
 effect of hedges, partially offset by a decrease of
 $97 million associated with a five percent decrease in
 domestic production volumes sold. Oil and gas revenues in 2010
 and 2009 include approximately $282 million and
 $136 million, respectively, related to NGLs and
 approximately $57 million and $38 million,
 respectively, related to condensate; and

 &#149; 

 $286 million higher gas management revenues primarily from
 a 21 percent increase in average prices on domestic
 physical natural gas sales associated with our transportation
 and storage contracts. There is a similar increase of
 $276 million in related costs and expenses.

 The increase in costs and expenses is primarily due to the
 following:

 &#149; 

 $23 million higher lease and facility operating expenses
 due to increased activity and generally higher industry costs.
 Our average domestic lease and facility operating expenses are
 $0.65 per Mcfe in 2010 and $0.58 per Mcfe in 2009. The increase
 in the per unit amount results primarily from an increase in
 costs incurred to maintain individual well production rates and
 higher industry costs;

 &#149; 

 $53 million higher gathering, processing and transportation
 expenses, primarily as a result of processing fees charged by
 Williams Partners at its Willow Creek plant for extracting NGLs
 from a portion of our Piceance Basin gas production. Our
 domestic gathering, processing and transportation expenses
 averaged $0.80 per Mcfe in 2010 and $0.64 per Mcfe in 2009. The
 increase in the per unit amount is primarily a result of the
 Willow Creek plant going into service in August 2009 resulting
 in a partial year of processing. This processing provides us
 additional NGL recovery, the revenues for which are included in
 oil and gas sales in the Combined Statement of Operations;

 &#149; 

 $32 million higher taxes other than income, including
 severance and ad valorem, primarily due to higher average
 commodity prices (excluding the impact of hedges). Our domestic
 production taxes averaged $0.27 per Mcfe in 2010 and $0.19 per
 Mcfe in 2009. The increase in the per unit amount is primarily
 the result of higher average domestic commodity prices;

 &#149; 

 $276 million increase in gas management expenses, primarily
 due to an 18 percent increase in average prices on domestic
 physical natural gas cost of sales. This activity represents
 natural gas purchased in connection with our gas purchase
 activities for Williams Partners and certain working interest
 owners&#146; share of production, and to manage our
 transportation and storage activities. The sales associated with
 our marketing of this gas are included in gas management
 revenues. Also included in gas management expenses are
 $48 million in 2010 and $21 million in 2009 for
 unutilized pipeline capacity;

 &#149; 

 $19 million higher exploration expense primarily due to an
 increase in impairment, amortization and expiration of unproved
 leasehold costs; and

 &#149; 

 $1,681 million impairments of property and goodwill in 2010
 as previously discussed. In 2009, $15 million of
 impairments were recorded in the Barnett Shale.

 Partially offsetting the increased costs and expenses in 2010
 are decreases due to the following:

 &#149; 

 $12 million lower depreciation, depletion and amortization
 expenses primarily due to lower domestic production
 volumes; and

 &#149; 

 Other&#151;net includes $32 million of expenses in 2009
 related to penalties from the early release of drilling rigs.

 74

 Table of Contents 

 The $1,654 million decrease in operating income (loss) is
 primarily due to the impairments, partially offset by a seven
 percent increase in domestic realized average prices on
 production and the other previously discussed changes in
 revenues and costs and expenses.

 Interest expense increased primarily due to higher average
 amounts outstanding under our unsecured notes payable to
 Williams.

 Provision (benefit) for income taxes changed favorably due to
 the pre-tax loss in 2010 compared to pre-tax income in 2009. See
 Note 10 of Notes to Combined Financial Statements for a
 reconciliation of the effective tax rates compared to the
 federal statutory rate for both years.

 2009 vs.
 2008 

 The decrease in total revenues is primarily due to the following:

 &#149; 

 $714 million lower oil and gas sales revenues primarily
 from a $915 million decrease resulting from a
 30 percent decrease in domestic realized average prices,
 partially offset by an increase of $194 million associated
 with a seven percent increase in domestic production volumes
 sold. Oil and gas revenues in 2009 and 2008 include
 approximately $136 million and $89 million,
 respectively, related to NGLs and approximately $38 million
 and $62 million, respectively, related to condensate. While
 NGL volumes were significantly higher than the prior year, NGL
 prices were significantly lower;

 &#149; 

 $1,785 million lower gas management revenues primarily from
 a 56 percent decrease in average prices on domestic
 physical natural gas sales associated with our transportation
 and storage contracts. There is a similar decrease of
 $1,753 million in related costs and expenses; and

 &#149; 

 $11 million lower hedge ineffectiveness and
 mark-to-market 
 gains and losses primarily due to the absence of a
 $10 million favorable impact in 2008 for the initial
 consideration of our own nonperformance risk in estimating the
 fair value of our derivative liabilities.

 The decrease in total costs and expenses is primarily due to the
 following:

 &#149; 

 $161 million lower taxes other than income, including
 severance and ad valorem, primarily due to 50 percent lower
 average commodity prices (excluding the impact of hedges),
 partially offset by higher production volumes sold. The lower
 operating taxes include a net decrease of $39 million
 reflecting a $34 million charge in 2008 and $5 million
 of favorable revisions in 2009 relating to Wyoming severance and
 ad valorem taxes. Our domestic production taxes averaged $0.19
 per Mcfe in 2009 and $0.60 per Mcfe in 2008. The decrease in the
 per unit amount is primarily the result of lower average
 commodity prices;

 &#149; 

 $1,753 million decrease in gas management expenses,
 primarily due to a 55 percent decrease in domestic average
 prices on physical natural gas cost of sales, slightly offset by
 a 2 percent increase in natural gas sales volumes. This
 decrease is primarily related to the natural gas purchases
 associated with our previously discussed transportation and
 storage contracts and is more than offset by a decrease in
 revenues. Gas management expenses in 2009 and 2008 include
 $21 million and $8 million, respectively, related to
 charges for unutilized pipeline capacity. Gas management
 expenses in 2009 and 2008 also include $7 million and
 $35 million, respectively, related to lower of cost or
 market charges to the carrying value of natural gas inventories
 in storage; and

 Partially offsetting the decreased costs and expenses are
 increases due to the following:

 &#149; 

 $44 million higher gathering, processing and transportation
 expense primarily due to higher production volumes and the
 processing fees for NGLs at Williams Partners&#146; Willow Creek
 plant, which began processing in August 2009. Our domestic
 gathering, processing and transportation expenses averaged $0.64
 per Mcfe in 2009 and $0.57 per Mcfe in 2008. The increase in the
 per unit amount is primarily a result of the initiation of
 processing at the Willow Creek plant in 2009 as previously
 discussed; and

 &#149; 

 $17 million higher exploration expense primarily due to an
 increase in geologic and geophysical services.

 75

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 

 $149 million higher depreciation, depletion and
 amortization expense primarily due to higher capitalized
 drilling costs from prior years and higher production volumes
 compared to the prior year. Also, we recorded an additional
 $17 million of depreciation, depletion and amortization in
 the fourth quarter of 2009 primarily due to new SEC reserves
 reporting rules. Our proved reserves decreased primarily due to
 the new SEC reserves reporting rules and the related price
 impact;

 &#149; 

 The absence in 2009 of a $148 million gain recorded in 2008
 from the sale of our contractual right to a production payment
 in Peru;

 &#149; 

 $32 million of expense in 2009 related to penalties from
 the early release of drilling rigs as previously
 discussed; and

 &#149; 

 $15 million of impairment expense in 2009 related to costs
 of acquired unproved reserves from our 2008 acquisition in the
 Barnett Shale. This impairment was based on our assessment of
 estimated future discounted cash flows and additional
 information obtained from drilling and other activities in 2009.

 The $984 million decrease in operating income is primarily
 due to the 30 percent decrease in realized average domestic
 prices and the other previously discussed changes in revenues
 and costs and expenses.

 Provision (benefit) for income taxes changed favorably primarily
 due to lower pre-tax income. See Note 10 of Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements for a reconciliation of the
 effective tax rates compared to the federal statutory rate for
 both years.

 Management&#146;s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
 Liquidity 

 Overview 

 In 2010, we continued to focus upon growth through continued
 disciplined investments in expanding our natural gas, oil and
 NGL portfolio. Examples of this growth included continued
 investment in our development drilling programs, as well as
 acquisitions that expanded our presence in the Marcellus Shale
 and provided our initial entry into the Bakken Shale areas.
 These investments were funded through cash flow from operations,
 advances on our notes payable from Williams and the proceeds
 from the sale of our Piceance Basin gathering and processing
 assets to Williams Partners.

 Our historical liquidity needs have been managed through an
 internal cash management program with Williams. Daily cash
 activity from our domestic operations was transferred to or from
 Williams on a regular basis and was recorded as increases or
 decreases in the balance due under unsecured promissory notes we
 had in place with Williams through June 30, 2011 at which
 time the notes were cancelled by Williams. Any cash activity
 from July 1, 2011, through November 30, 2011, has been
 and will be treated as capital transfers. In consideration of
 our liquidity under these conditions, we note the following:

 &#149; 

 As of September 30, 2011, Williams maintained liquidity
 through cash, cash equivalents and available credit capacity
 under credit facilities. Additionally, at that date we had an
 unsecured credit agreement that served to reduce our margin
 requirements related to our hedging activities. See additional
 discussion in the following &#147;&#151;Liquidity&#148; section.

 &#149; 

 Our credit exposure to derivative counterparties is partially
 mitigated by master netting agreements and collateral support.

 &#149; 

 Apco&#146;s liquidity requirements have historically been
 provided by its cash flows from operations.

 Outlook 

 We expect our capital structure will provide us financial
 flexibility to meet our requirements for working capital,
 capital expenditures and tax and debt payments while maintaining
 a sufficient level of liquidity. We retained $500 million
 of the net proceeds of the Notes and have a $1.5 billion
 Credit Facility. Although our future borrowing capacity will be
 reduced by letters of credit issued under that facility and is
 subject to debt ratio tests, we believe our Credit Facility,
 combined with the $500 million in cash described above and
 our

 76

 Table of Contents 

 expected cash flows from operations, should be sufficient to
 allow us to pursue our business strategy and goals for 2011 and
 2012. See additional discussion below under
 &#147;Liquidity&#148; and &#147;Description of Material
 Indebtedness.&#148;

 We believe the effect of continued low energy commodity prices
 on our cash flows from operations would be partially mitigated
 by our hedging program. In addition, we note the following
 assumptions for 2011 and 2012:

 &#149; 

 Our capital expenditures are estimated to be between
 $1.35 billion and $1.55 billion in 2011 and between
 $1.2 billion and $1.8 billion in 2012, and are
 generally considered to be largely discretionary; and

 &#149; 

 Apco&#146;s liquidity requirements will continue to be provided
 from its cash flows from operations and available liquidity
 under its credit facility.

 Potential risks associated with our planned levels of liquidity
 and the planned capital and investment expenditures discussed
 above include:

 &#149; 

 Sustained reductions in energy commodity prices from the range
 of current expectations;

 &#149; 

 Lower than expected levels of cash flow from operations;

 &#149; 

 Higher than expected collateral obligations that may be
 required, including those required under new commercial
 agreements; and

 &#149; 

 Significantly lower than expected capital expenditures could
 result in the loss of undeveloped leaseholds.

 Liquidity 

 We plan to conservatively manage our balance sheet. Subsequent
 to the spin-off, we expect to maintain liquidity through a
 combination of cash on hand and available capacity under our
 $1.5 billion Credit Facility. Our future borrowing capacity
 will be reduced by letters of credit issued under the Credit
 Facility as discussed below and is subject to debt ratio tests.
 See &#147;Description of Material Indebtedness.&#148; In
 addition, we expect our forecasted levels of cash flow from
 operations to provide additional liquidity to assist us in
 meeting our desired level of capital expenditures and working
 capital requirements. Additional sources of liquidity, if
 needed, could be sought through bank financings, the issuance of
 long term debt and, once registered, equity securities and
 proceeds from asset sales.

 On November 1, 2011, we terminated our then existing
 unsecured credit agreement that had served to reduce margin
 requirements and transaction fees related to hedging activities.
 This termination satisfied a condition necessary for
 effectiveness of the Credit Facility. All outstanding hedges
 under the terminated agreement were transferred to new
 agreements with various financial institutions that participate
 in the Credit Facility. Neither we nor the participating
 financial institutions are required to provide collateral
 support related to hedging activities under the new agreements.

 We have certain contractual obligations, primarily interstate
 transportation agreements, which contain collateral support
 requirements based on our credit ratings. Because Williams has
 an investment grade credit rating and guaranteed these
 contracts, we have not historically been required to provide
 collateral support; Williams has informed us that it expects it
 will obtain releases of the guarantees prior to or shortly after
 the completion of the spin-off. We anticipate issuing letters of
 credit under our Credit Facility of $285 million to satisfy
 the provisions of these contracts but the amount could be up to
 approximately $530 million.

 Our ability to borrow money will be impacted by several factors,
 including our credit ratings. Credit ratings agencies perform
 independent analysis when assigning credit ratings. A lower than
 anticipated initial credit rating or a downgrade of that rating
 would increase our future cost of borrowing and could result in
 a requirement that we post additional collateral with third
 parties, thereby negatively affecting our available liquidity.

 77

 Table of Contents 

 Williams has agreed to provide us with up to a maximum of
 $20 million with respect to certain information technology
 transition costs we will incur as a result of our separation
 from Williams. The actual amount of cash we receive from
 Williams upon completion of the spin-off will be reduced by the
 total amount of such information technology costs already funded
 by Williams in advance of the spin-off. As of September 30,
 2011, Williams had incurred approximately $2 million
 related to these costs resulting in a remaining potential
 reimbursement from Williams of up to approximately
 $18 million. The entire amount we receive from Williams
 will be recorded as a capital contribution from Williams upon
 receipt and any future amounts we spend on such information
 technology transition costs and expenses will be recorded as
 increases in our assets or expenses depending on the specific
 nature of the costs.

 Sources
 (Uses) of Cash 

 Nine
 Months-Over-Nine 
 Months 

 The following table and discussion summarize our sources (uses)
 of cash for the nine months ended September 30, 2011 and
 2010.

 Nine Months 

 Ended September 30, 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Millions) 

 Net cash provided (used) by:

 Operating activities

 $

 888

 $

 852

 Investing activities

 (1,056

 )

 (1,433

 )

 Financing activities

 181

 582

 Increase in cash and cash equivalents

 $

 13

 $

 1

 Operating
 activities 

 Our net cash provided by operating activities in 2011 increased
 from 2010 primarily due to net changes in our operating assets
 and liabilities partially offset by higher operating costs,
 primarily gathering, processing and transportation costs and
 higher interest expense.

 Investing
 activities 

 Our net cash used by investing activities in 2011 decreased from
 2010 primarily due to reduced capital expenditures. During the
 third quarter of 2010, we acquired approximately
 $599 million of properties in the Marcellus Shale.
 Expenditures for drilling and completion were $982 million
 in 2011 and $662 million in 2010.

 Financing
 activities 

 Our net cash provided by financing activities in 2011 decreased
 from 2010 primarily due to reduced required funding from our
 parent of our capital expenditures that were in excess of cash
 provided by operating activities in 2011. In 2011, we also
 incurred $8 million of revolving debt facility costs that
 relate to the $1.5 billion Credit Facility.

 78

 Table of Contents 

 Year-Over-Year 

 The following table and discussion summarize our sources (uses)
 of cash for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and
 2008.

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (Millions) 

 Net cash provided (used) by:

 Operating activities

 $

 1,056

 $

 1,181

 $

 2,009

 Investing activities

 (2,337

 )

 (1,435

 )

 (2,252

 )

 Financing activities

 1,284

 256

 225

 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

 $

 3

 $

 2

 $

 (18

 )

 Operating
 activities 

 Our net cash provided by operating activities in 2010 decreased
 from 2009 primarily due to the payments made to reduce certain
 accrued liabilities affecting our operations.

 Our net cash provided by operating activities in 2009 decreased
 primarily due to the lower realized energy commodity prices
 during 2009 when compared to 2008.

 Investing
 activities 

 Our net cash used by investing activities in 2010 increased from
 2009 primarily due to our capital expenditures related to the
 acquisition of Marcellus Shale properties and our entry into the
 Bakken Shale.

 Significant expenditures include:

 2010 

 &#149; 

 Expenditures for drilling and completion were approximately
 $950 million.

 &#149; 

 Our acquisition in July 2010 of properties in the Marcellus
 Shale for $599 million (see &#147;&#151; Overview of
 2010&#148;).

 &#149; 

 Our acquisition in December 2010 of oil and gas properties in
 the Bakken Shale for $949 million (see &#147;&#151;Overview
 of 2010&#148;).

 &#149; 

 The sale in November 2010 of certain gathering and processing
 assets in the Piceance Basin to Williams Partners for
 $702 million in cash and approximately 1.8 million
 Williams Partners common units, which units were subsequently
 distributed to Williams.

 2009 

 &#149; 

 Expenditures for drilling and completion were approximately
 $1.0 billion.

 &#149; 

 A $253 million payment for the purchase of additional
 properties in the Piceance Basin.

 2008 

 &#149; 

 Expenditures for drilling and completion were approximately
 $1.65 billion.

 &#149; 

 Acquisitions of certain interests in the Piceance Basin for
 $285 million. A third party subsequently exercised its
 contractual option to purchase a 49 percent interest in a
 portion of the acquired assets for $71 million.

 &#149; 

 Our sale of a contractual right to a production payment in Peru
 for $148 million.

 79

 Table of Contents 

 Financing
 activities 

 Our net cash provided by financing activities in 2010 increased
 from 2009 primarily due to higher borrowings from Williams to
 fund our capital expenditures, including those related to the
 acquisition of Marcellus Shale properties and our acquisition in
 the Bakken Shale.

 Off-Balance
 Sheet Financing Arrangements 

 We had no guarantees of off-balance sheet debt to third parties
 or any other off-balance sheet arrangements at
 September 30, 2011 and December 31, 2010.

 Contractual
 Obligations 

 The table below summarizes the maturity dates of our contractual
 obligations at September 30, 2011, including obligations
 related to discontinued operations.

 October 1 - 

 December 31, 

 2012 - 

 2014 - 

 2011 

 2013 

 2015 

 Thereafter 

 Total 

 (Millions) 

 Long-term 
 debt(1)

 $

 &#151;

 $

 2

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 2

 Operating leases and associated service commitments

 Drilling rig commitments(2)

 40

 248

 147

 &#151;

 435

 Other

 3

 16

 13

 41

 73

 Transportation and storage commitments(3)

 53

 427

 343

 633

 1,456

 Natural gas purchase commitments(4)

 23

 306

 435

 1,096

 1,860

 Oil and gas activities(5)

 75

 383

 164

 270

 892

 Other long-term liabilities, including current portion:

 Physical and financial derivatives(6)(7)

 162

 967

 810

 3,524

 5,463

 Total

 $

 356

 $

 2,349

 $

 1,912

 $

 5,564

 $

 10,181

 (1) 

 On November 14, 2011, we issued $400 million aggregate principal
 amount of 5.250% Senior Notes due January 15, 2017, and $1.1
 billion aggregate principal amount of 6.000% Senior Notes due
 January 15, 2022. 

 (2) 

 Includes materials and services obligations associated with our
 drilling rig contracts. 

 (3) 

 Excludes additional commitments totaling $240 million
 associated with projects for which the counterparty has not yet
 received satisfactory regulatory approvals. 

 (4) 

 Purchase commitments are at market prices and the purchased
 natural gas can be sold at market prices. The obligations are
 based on market information as of September 30, 2011 and
 contracts are assumed to remain outstanding for their full
 contractual duration. Because market information changes daily
 and is subject to volatility, significant changes to the values
 in this category may occur. Certain parties have elected to
 convert their gas purchase agreements to firm gathering and
 processing agreements, which services will be provided by an
 affiliate of ours. WPX Energy&#146;s gas purchase obligations
 amounting to $1.9 billion will terminate at the effective
 date of the new agreements. 

 (5) 

 Includes gathering, processing and other oil and gas related
 services commitments. Excluded are liabilities associated with
 asset retirement obligations, which total $301 million as
 of September 30, 2011. The ultimate settlement and timing
 cannot be precisely determined in advance; however, we estimate
 that approximately 10% of this liability will be settled in the
 next five years. 

 (6) 

 Includes $4.9 billion of physical natural gas derivatives
 related to purchases at market prices. The natural gas expected
 to be purchased under these contracts can be sold at market
 prices, largely offsetting this obligation. The obligations for
 physical and financial derivatives are based on market
 information as of September 30, 2011, and assume contracts
 remain outstanding for their full contractual duration. Because 

 80

 Table of Contents 

 market information changes daily and is subject to volatility,
 significant changes to the values in this category may occur. 

 (7) 

 Expected offsetting cash inflows of $3.9 billion at
 September 30, 2011, resulting from product sales or net
 positive settlements, are not reflected in these amounts. In
 addition, product sales may require additional purchase
 obligations to fulfill sales obligations that are not reflected
 in these amounts. 

 Effects
 of Inflation 

 Although the impact of inflation has been insignificant in
 recent years, it is still a factor in the United States economy.
 Operating costs are influenced by both competition for
 specialized services and specific price changes in natural gas,
 oil, NGLs and other commodities. We tend to experience
 inflationary pressure on the cost of services and equipment as
 increasing oil and gas prices increase drilling activity in our
 areas of operation.

 Environmental 

 We are subject to the Clean Air Act (&#147;CAA&#148;) and to the
 Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 (&#147;1990 Amendments&#148;),
 which added significantly to the existing requirements
 established by the CAA. Pursuant to requirements of the 1990
 Amendments and EPA rules designed to mitigate the migration of
 ground-level ozone (&#147;NOx&#148;), we are planning
 installation of air pollution controls on existing sources at
 certain facilities in order to reduce NOx emissions. For many of
 these facilities, we are developing more cost effective and
 innovative compressor engine control designs.

 In March 2008, the EPA promulgated a new, lower National Ambient
 Air Quality Standard (&#147;NAAQS&#148;) for NOx. In January
 2010, the EPA issued a revised proposal; however, it withdrew
 the proposed rule on September 2, 2011. Under the CAA, the
 EPA will be required to review and potentially issue a new NAAQS
 for ground-level NOx in 2013. Designation of new
 eight-hour 
 ozone non-attainment areas may result in additional federal and
 state regulatory actions that could impact our operations and
 increase the cost of additions to property, plant and
 equipment&#151;net on the Combined Balance Sheet. We are unable
 at this time to estimate the cost of additions that may be
 required to meet this future regulation.

 In August 2011, the EPA stated that the proposed PM (particulate
 matter) NAAQS will be issued in 2011. This rule may result in
 increased capital expenditures and operating costs, and could
 adversely impact our business.

 On July 28, 2011, the EPA proposed rules that would
 establish new air emission controls for oil and natural gas
 production and natural gas processing operations. Specifically,
 the EPA&#146;s proposed rule includes New Source Performance
 Standards to address emissions of sulfur dioxide and VOCs and a
 separate set of emission standards to address hazardous air
 pollutants frequently associated with oil and natural gas
 production and processing activities. The proposed rules also
 would establish specific new requirements regarding emissions
 from wells (including well completions at new hydraulically
 fractured natural gas wells and re-completions of existing wells
 that are fractured or re-fractured), compressors, dehydrators,
 storage tanks and other production equipment. In addition, the
 rules would establish new leak detection requirements for
 natural gas processing plants. The EPA will receive public
 comment and hold hearings regarding the proposed rules and must
 take final action on the rules by April 3, 2012. If
 finalized as written, these rules could require modifications to
 our operations including the installation of new equipment to
 control emissions from our wells. Compliance with such rules
 could result in significant costs, including increased capital
 expenditures and operating costs, and could adversely impact our
 business.

 Additionally, in August 2010, the EPA promulgated National
 Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants
 (&#147;NESHAP&#148;) regulations that will impact our
 operations. Furthermore, the EPA promulgated the Greenhouse Gas
 (&#147;GHG&#148;) Mandatory Reporting Rule on October 30,
 2009, which requires facilities that emit 25,000 metric tons or
 more of carbon dioxide equivalent per year from stationary
 fossil fuel combustion sources to report GHG emissions to the
 EPA annually beginning September 30, 2011 for calendar year
 2010. On November 30, 2010, the EPA issued additional
 regulations that expand the scope of the Mandatory Reporting
 Rule to include fugitive and vented greenhouse gas emissions
 effective January 1, 2011. Facilities

 81

 Table of Contents 

 that emit 25,000 metric tons or more carbon dioxide equivalent
 per year from stationary fossil-fuel combustion and
 fugitive/vented sources combined will be required to report GHG
 combustion and fugitive/vented emissions to the EPA annually
 beginning March 31, 2012, for calendar year 2011.

 In February 2010, the EPA promulgated a final rule establishing
 a new
 one-hour 
 nitrogen dioxide NAAQS. The effective date of the new nitrogen
 dioxide standard was April 12, 2010. This new standard is
 subject to numerous challenges in the federal court. We are
 unable at this time to estimate the cost of additions that may
 be required to meet this new regulation.

 Our facilities and operations are also subject to the Clean
 Water Act (&#147;CWA&#148;) and implementing regulations of the
 EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
 (&#147;Corps&#148;). On April 27, 2011, the EPA and the
 Corps released new draft guidance governing federal jurisdiction
 over wetlands and other &#147;isolated waters.&#148; They would,
 if adopted, significantly expand federal jurisdiction and
 permitting requirements under the CWA. Additionally, the draft
 guidance addresses the expanded scope of the CWA&#146;s key term
 &#147;waters of the United States&#148; to all CWA provisions,
 which prior guidance limited to Section 404 determinations.
 We are unable at this time to estimate the cost that may be
 required to meet this proposed guidance.

 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 Interest
 Rate Risk 

 Historically, our current interest rate risk exposure was
 substantially mitigated through our cash management program and
 the effects of our intercompany note with Williams. The Notes
 are fixed rate debt in order to mitigate the impact of
 fluctuations in interest rates and we expect that any borrowings
 under our Credit Facility could be at a variable interest rate
 and could expose us to the risk of increasing interest rates.
 See Note 4 of Notes to Combined Financial Statements.

 Commodity
 Price Risk 

 We are exposed to the impact of fluctuations in the market price
 of natural gas, NGLs and crude oil, as well as other market
 factors, such as market volatility and energy commodity price
 correlations. We are exposed to these risks in connection with
 our owned energy-related assets, our long-term energy-related
 contracts and our proprietary trading activities. We manage the
 risks associated with these market fluctuations using various
 derivatives and nonderivative energy-related contracts. The fair
 value of derivative contracts is subject to many factors,
 including changes in energy commodity market prices, the
 liquidity and volatility of the markets in which the contracts
 are transacted and changes in interest rates. See Note 15
 of Notes to Combined Financial Statements.

 We measure the risk in our portfolios using a
 value-at-risk 
 methodology to estimate the potential
 one-day loss
 from adverse changes in the fair value of the portfolios. Value
 at risk requires a number of key assumptions and is not
 necessarily representative of actual losses in fair value that
 could be incurred from the portfolios. Our
 value-at-risk 
 model uses a Monte Carlo method to simulate hypothetical
 movements in future market prices and assumes that, as a result
 of changes in commodity prices, there is a 95 percent
 probability that the
 one-day loss
 in fair value of the portfolios will not exceed the value at
 risk. The simulation method uses historical correlations and
 market forward prices and volatilities. In applying the
 value-at-risk 
 methodology, we do not consider that the simulated hypothetical
 movements affect the positions or would cause any potential
 liquidity issues, nor do we consider that changing the
 portfolios in response to market conditions could affect market
 prices and could take longer than a
 one-day 
 holding period to execute. While a
 one-day 
 holding period has historically been the industry standard, a
 longer holding period could more accurately represent the true
 market risk given market liquidity and our own credit and
 liquidity constraints.

 We segregate our derivative contracts into trading and
 nontrading contracts, as defined in the following paragraphs. We
 calculate value at risk separately for these two categories.
 Contracts designated as normal purchases or sales and
 nonderivative energy contracts have been excluded from our
 estimation of value at risk.

 82

 Table of Contents 

 We have policies and procedures that govern our trading and risk
 management activities. These policies cover authority and
 delegation thereof in addition to control requirements,
 authorized commodities and term and exposure limitations.
 Value-at-risk 
 is limited in aggregate and calculated at a 95 percent
 confidence level.

 Trading 

 Our trading portfolio consists of derivative contracts entered
 into for purposes other than economically hedging our commodity
 price-risk exposure. The fair value of our trading derivatives
 was a net asset of $1 million at September 30, 2011
 and a net asset of $2 million at December 31, 2010.
 The value at risk for contracts held for trading purposes was
 less than $1 million at September 30, 2011,
 December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009.

 Nontrading 

 Our nontrading portfolio consists of derivative contracts that
 hedge or could potentially hedge the price risk exposure from
 our natural gas purchases and sales. The fair value of our
 derivatives not designated as hedging instruments was a net
 asset of $9 million and $16 million at
 September 30, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively.

 The value at risk for derivative contracts held for nontrading
 purposes was $21 million at September 30, 2011,
 $24 million at December 31, 2010, and $34 million
 at December 31, 2009. During the year ended
 December 31, 2010, our value at risk for these contracts
 ranged from a high of $33 million to a low of
 $21 million. The decrease in value at risk from
 December 31, 2009 primarily reflects the realization of
 certain derivative positions and the market price impact,
 partially offset by new derivative contracts.

 Certain of the derivative contracts held for nontrading purposes
 are accounted for as cash flow hedges. Of the total fair value
 of nontrading derivatives, cash flow hedges had a net asset
 value of $316 million and $266 million as of
 September 30, 2011 and December 31, 2010,
 respectively. Though these contracts are included in our
 value-at-risk 
 calculation, any changes in the fair value of the effective
 portion of these hedge contracts would generally not be
 reflected in earnings until the associated hedged item affects
 earnings.

 Critical
 Accounting Estimates 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
 generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
 make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the
 reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses
 and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We
 believe that the nature of these estimates and assumptions is
 material due to the subjectivity and judgment necessary, or the
 susceptibility of such matters to change, and the impact of
 these on our financial condition or results of operations.

 In our management&#146;s opinion, the more significant reporting
 areas impacted by management&#146;s judgments and estimates are
 impairments of goodwill and long-lived assets, accounting for
 derivative instruments and hedging activities, successful
 efforts method of accounting, contingent liabilities, valuation
 of deferred tax assets and tax contingencies.

 Impairments
 of Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets 

 We have assessed goodwill for impairment annually as of the end
 of the year and we have performed interim assessments of
 goodwill if impairment triggering events or circumstances were
 present. One such triggering event is a significant decline in
 forward natural gas prices. Early in 2010, we evaluated the
 impact of declines in forward gas prices across all future
 production periods and determined that the impact was not
 significant enough to warrant a full impairment review. Forward
 natural gas prices through 2025 used in these prior analyses had
 declined less than 10 percent, on average, from
 December 31, 2009 through March 31, 2010 and
 June 30, 2010. During the third quarter of 2010, these
 forward natural gas prices through 2025 declined an additional
 19 percent for a total
 year-to-date 
 decline of more than 22 percent on average through

 83

 Table of Contents 

 September 30, 2010. Based on forward prices as of
 September 30, 2010, we evaluated the impact of this decline
 across all future production periods and determined that a full
 impairment review was warranted.

 As a result, we evaluated our goodwill of approximately
 $1 billion resulting from a 2001 acquisition related to our
 domestic natural gas production operations (the &#147;reporting
 unit&#148;). Our impairment evaluation of goodwill first
 considered management&#146;s estimate of the fair value of the
 reporting unit compared to its carrying value, including
 goodwill. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeded
 its fair value, a computation of the implied fair value of the
 goodwill was compared with its related carrying value. If the
 carrying value of the reporting unit goodwill exceeded the
 implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss was
 recognized in the amount of the excess. Because quoted market
 prices were not available for the reporting unit, management
 applied reasonable judgments (including market supported
 assumptions when available) in estimating the fair value for the
 reporting unit. We estimated the fair value of the reporting
 unit on a stand-alone basis and also considered Williams&#146;
 market capitalization and third party estimates in corroborating
 our estimate of the fair value of the reporting unit.

 The fair value of the reporting unit was estimated primarily by
 valuing proved and unproved reserves. We use an income approach
 (discounted cash flows) for valuing reserves, based on inputs we
 believed would be utilized by market participants. The
 significant inputs into the valuation of proved and unproved
 reserves include reserve quantities, forward natural gas prices,
 anticipated drilling and operating costs, anticipated production
 curves, income taxes and appropriate discount rates. To estimate
 the fair value of the reporting unit and the implied fair value
 of goodwill under a hypothetical acquisition of the reporting
 unit, we assumed a tax structure where a buyer would obtain a
 step-up in
 the tax basis of the net assets acquired.

 In our assessment as of September 30, 2010, the carrying
 value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeded its
 fair value. We then determined that the implied fair value of
 the goodwill was zero. As a result, we recognized a full
 $1 billion impairment charge related to our goodwill. See
 Notes 6 and 14 of Notes to Combined Financial Statements
 for additional discussion and significant inputs into the fair
 value determination.

 We evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when we believe
 events or changes in circumstances indicate that we may not be
 able to recover the carrying value. Our computations utilize
 judgments and assumptions that include the estimated fair value
 of the asset, undiscounted future cash flows, discounted future
 cash flows and the current and future economic environment in
 which the asset is operated.

 As a result of significant declines in forward natural gas
 prices during the third quarter of 2010, we assessed our natural
 gas producing properties and acquired unproved reserve costs for
 impairment using estimates of future cash flows. Significant
 judgments and assumptions in these assessments include estimates
 of natural gas reserves quantities, estimates of future natural
 gas prices using a forward NYMEX curve adjusted for locational
 basis differentials, drilling plans, expected capital costs and
 our estimate of an applicable discount rate commensurate with
 the risk of the underlying cash flow estimates. The assessment
 performed at September 30, 2010 identified certain
 properties with a carrying value in excess of their calculated
 fair values. As a result, we recognized a $678 million
 impairment charge. See Notes 6 and 14 of Notes to Combined
 Financial Statements for additional discussion and significant
 inputs into the fair value determination.

 In addition to those long-lived assets described above for which
 impairment charges were recorded, certain others were reviewed
 for which no impairment was required. These reviews included our
 other domestic producing properties and acquired unproved
 reserve costs, and utilized inputs generally consistent with
 those described above. Judgments and assumptions are inherent in
 our estimate of future cash flows used to evaluate these assets.
 The use of alternate judgments and assumptions could result in
 the recognition of different levels of impairment charges in the
 combined financial statements. For certain other producing
 assets reviewed, but for which impairment charges were not
 recorded, we estimate that approximately 12 percent could
 be at risk for impairment if forward prices across all future
 periods decline by approximately 8 to 12 percent, on
 average, as compared to the forward prices at December 31,
 2010. A substantial portion of the remaining carrying value of
 these other assets (primarily related to our assets in the
 Piceance Basin) could be

 84

 Table of Contents 

 at risk for impairment if forward prices across all future
 periods decline by at least 30 percent, on average, as
 compared to the prices at December 31, 2010.

 As of September 30, 2011, the impact of changes in forward
 prices since December 31, 2010 to our cash flow estimates
 was indicative of a potential impairment. As a result, we
 conducted an impairment review of our proved producing oil and
 gas properties in the Powder River Basin as of
 September 30, 2011. The net book value of our proved
 producing assets in the Powder River Basin was approximately
 $500 million at September 30, 2011. The recording of
 an impairment charge was not required as of September 30,
 2011, as the undiscounted cash flows were greater than the net
 book value. Our interim impairment assessment included not only
 a review of forward pricing assumptions but also consideration
 of other factors impacting estimated future net cash flows,
 including but not limited to reserve and production estimates,
 future operating costs, future development costs and production
 taxes. Our 2011 interim updated reserve estimates for Powder
 River included 2011 additions to proved reserves. In this
 interim assessment, we noted that the Powder River producing
 assets could be at risk of impairment if the weighted average
 forward price across all periods used in our cash flow estimates
 were to decline by approximately six percent on average, absent
 changes in other factors. The weighted average decline in these
 forward prices from September 30, 2011 to November 30,
 2011, as it relates to the Powder River basin production
 projections, was approximately 7.7 percent. These
 properties will be part of our annual impairment assessment for
 all properties in the fourth quarter and could be subject to
 impairment. If the recording of an impairment charge becomes
 necessary for the Powder River properties as of
 December 31, 2011, it is reasonably possible that the
 amount of such charge could be at least $200 million.

 Accounting
 for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 

 We review our energy contracts to determine whether they are, or
 contain, derivatives. Our energy derivatives portfolio is
 largely comprised of exchange-traded products or like products
 and the tenure of our derivatives portfolio is relatively
 short-term, with more than 99 percent of the value of our
 derivatives portfolio expiring in the next 24 months. We
 further assess the appropriate accounting method for any
 derivatives identified, which could include:

 &#149; 

 qualifying for and electing cash flow hedge accounting, which
 recognizes changes in the fair value of the derivative in other
 comprehensive income (to the extent the hedge is effective)
 until the hedged item is recognized in earnings;

 &#149; 

 qualifying for and electing accrual accounting under the normal
 purchases and normal sales exception; or

 &#149; 

 applying
 mark-to-market 
 accounting, which recognizes changes in the fair value of the
 derivative in earnings.

 If cash flow hedge accounting or accrual accounting is not
 applied, a derivative is subject to
 mark-to-market 
 accounting. Determination of the accounting method involves
 significant judgments and assumptions, which are further
 described below.

 The determination of whether a derivative contract qualifies as
 a cash flow hedge includes an analysis of historical market
 price information to assess whether the derivative is expected
 to be highly effective in offsetting the cash flows attributed
 to the hedged risk. We also assess whether the hedged forecasted
 transaction is probable of occurring. This assessment requires
 us to exercise judgment and consider a wide variety of factors
 in addition to our intent, including internal and external
 forecasts, historical experience, changing market and business
 conditions, our financial and operational ability to carry out
 the forecasted transaction, the length of time until the
 forecasted transaction is projected to occur and the quantity of
 the forecasted transaction. In addition, we compare actual cash
 flows to those that were expected from the underlying risk. If a
 hedged forecasted transaction is not probable of occurring, or
 if the derivative contract is not expected to be highly
 effective, the derivative does not qualify for hedge accounting.

 For derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, we must
 periodically assess whether they continue to qualify for hedge
 accounting. We prospectively discontinue hedge accounting and
 recognize future changes in

 85

 Table of Contents 

 fair value directly in earnings if we no longer expect the hedge
 to be highly effective, or if we believe that the hedged
 forecasted transaction is no longer probable of occurring. If
 the forecasted transaction becomes probable of not occurring, we
 reclassify amounts previously recorded in other comprehensive
 income into earnings in addition to prospectively discontinuing
 hedge accounting. If the effectiveness of the derivative
 improves and is again expected to be highly effective in
 offsetting the cash flows attributed to the hedged risk, or if
 the forecasted transaction again becomes probable, we may
 prospectively re-designate the derivative as a hedge of the
 underlying risk.

 Derivatives for which the normal purchases and normal sales
 exception has been elected are accounted for on an accrual
 basis. In determining whether a derivative is eligible for this
 exception, we assess whether the contract provides for the
 purchase or sale of a commodity that will be physically
 delivered in quantities expected to be used or sold over a
 reasonable period in the normal course of business. In making
 this assessment, we consider numerous factors, including the
 quantities provided under the contract in relation to our
 business needs, delivery locations per the contract in relation
 to our operating locations, duration of time between entering
 the contract and delivery, past trends and expected future
 demand and our past practices and customs with regard to such
 contracts. Additionally, we assess whether it is probable that
 the contract will result in physical delivery of the commodity
 and not net financial settlement.

 Since our energy derivative contracts could be accounted for in
 three different ways, two of which are elective, our accounting
 method could be different from that used by another party for a
 similar transaction. Furthermore, the accounting method may
 influence the level of volatility in the financial statements
 associated with changes in the fair value of derivatives, as
 generally depicted below:

 Combined Statement of Operations 

 Combined Balance Sheet 

 Accounting Method 

 Drivers 

 Impact 

 Drivers 

 Impact 

 Accrual Accounting

 Realizations

 Less Volatility

 None

 No Impact

 Cash Flow Hedge Accounting

 Realizations &#038; Ineffectiveness

 Less Volatility

 Fair Value Changes

 More Volatility

 Mark-to-Market 
 Accounting

 Fair Value Changes

 More Volatility

 Fair Value Changes

 More Volatility

 Our determination of the accounting method does not impact our
 cash flows related to derivatives.

 Additional discussion of the accounting for energy contracts at
 fair value is included in Notes 1 and 14 of Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements.

 Successful
 Efforts Method of Accounting for Oil and Gas Exploration and
 Production Activities 

 We use the successful efforts method of accounting for our oil-
 and gas-producing activities. Estimated natural gas and oil
 reserves and forward market prices for oil and gas are a
 significant part of our financial calculations. Following are
 examples of how these estimates affect financial results:

 &#149; 

 An increase (decrease) in estimated proved oil and gas reserves
 can reduce (increase) our
 unit-of-production 
 depreciation, depletion and amortization rates; and

 &#149; 

 Changes in oil and gas reserves and forward market prices both
 impact projected future cash flows from our oil and gas
 properties. This, in turn, can impact our periodic impairment
 analyses.

 The process of estimating natural gas and oil reserves is very
 complex, requiring significant judgment in the evaluation of all
 available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic
 data. After being estimated internally, approximately
 94 percent of our domestic reserve estimates are audited by
 independent experts. The data may change substantially over time
 as a result of numerous factors, including additional
 development cost and activity, evolving production history and a
 continual reassessment of the viability of production under
 changing economic conditions. As a result, material revisions to
 existing reserve estimates could occur from time to time. Such
 changes could trigger an impairment of our oil and gas
 properties and have an impact on our depreciation, depletion and
 amortization expense prospectively. For example, a change of
 approximately 10 percent in our total oil and gas reserves
 could change our annual depreciation, depletion and amortization
 expense between approximately $76 million and
 $93 million. The actual impact would depend on the specific

 86

 Table of Contents 

 basins impacted and whether the change resulted from proved
 developed, proved undeveloped or a combination of these reserve
 categories.

 Forward market prices, which are utilized in our impairment
 analyses, include estimates of prices for periods that extend
 beyond those with quoted market prices. This forward market
 price information is consistent with that generally used in
 evaluating our drilling decisions and acquisition plans. These
 market prices for future periods impact the production economics
 underlying oil and gas reserve estimates. The prices of natural
 gas and oil are volatile and change from period to period, thus
 impacting our estimates. Significant unfavorable changes in the
 forward price curve could result in an impairment of our oil and
 gas properties.

 We record the cost of leasehold acquisitions as incurred.
 Individually significant lease acquisition costs are assessed
 annually, or as conditions warrant, for impairment considering
 our future drilling plans, the remaining lease term and recent
 drilling results. Lease acquisition costs that are not
 individually significant are aggregated by prospect or
 geographically, and the portion of such costs estimated to be
 nonproductive prior to lease expiration is amortized over the
 average holding period. Changes in our assumptions regarding the
 estimates of the nonproductive portion of these leasehold
 acquisitions could result in impairment of these costs. Upon
 determination that specific acreage will not be developed, the
 costs associated with that acreage would be impaired.

 Contingent
 Liabilities 

 We record liabilities for estimated loss contingencies,
 including environmental matters, when we assess that a loss is
 probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.
 Revisions to contingent liabilities are generally reflected in
 income when new or different facts or information become known
 or circumstances change that affect the previous assumptions
 with respect to the likelihood or amount of loss. Liabilities
 for contingent losses are based upon our assumptions and
 estimates and upon advice of legal counsel, engineers or other
 third parties regarding the probable outcomes of the matter. As
 new developments occur or more information becomes available,
 our assumptions and estimates of these liabilities may change.
 Changes in our assumptions and estimates or outcomes different
 from our current assumptions and estimates could materially
 affect future results of operations for any particular quarterly
 or annual period. See Note 11 of Notes to Combined
 Financial Statements.

 Valuation
 of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities 

 Our domestic operations are included in the consolidated and
 combined federal and state income tax returns for Williams,
 except for certain separate state filings. The income tax
 provision has been calculated on a separate return basis, which
 requires judgment in computing a stand-alone effective state tax
 rate as we did not exist as a stand-alone filer during these
 periods and can change periodically based on our operations. If
 the effective state tax rate were to be revised upward by one
 percent, this would result in an increase to our net deferred
 income tax liability of approximately $33 million.

 We have deferred tax assets resulting from certain investments
 and businesses that have a tax basis in excess of book basis and
 from certain separate state losses generated in the current and
 prior years. We must evaluate whether we will ultimately realize
 these tax benefits and establish a valuation allowance for those
 that may not be realizable. This evaluation considers tax
 planning strategies, including assumptions about the
 availability and character of future taxable income. When
 assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider
 forecasts of future company performance, the estimated impact of
 potential asset dispositions, and our ability and intent to
 execute tax planning strategies to utilize tax carryovers. The
 ultimate amount of deferred tax assets realized could be
 materially different from those recorded, as influenced by
 potential changes in jurisdictional income tax laws and the
 circumstances surrounding the actual realization of related tax
 assets. For example, Williams manages its tax position based
 upon its entire portfolio, which may not be indicative of tax
 planning strategies available to us if we were operating as an
 independent company.

 See Note 10 of Notes to Combined Financial Statements for
 additional information.

 87

 Table of Contents 

 Fair
 Value Measurements 

 A limited amount of our energy derivative assets and liabilities
 trade in markets with lower availability of pricing information
 requiring us to use unobservable inputs and are considered
 Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. At December 31,
 2010, less than 1 percent of our energy derivative assets
 and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are
 included in Level 3. For Level 2 transactions, we do
 not make significant adjustments to observable prices in
 measuring fair value as we do not generally trade in inactive
 markets.

 The determination of fair value for our energy derivative assets
 and liabilities also incorporates the time value of money and
 various credit risk factors which can include the credit
 standing of the counterparties involved, master netting
 arrangements, the impact of credit enhancements (such as cash
 collateral posted and letters of credit) and our nonperformance
 risk on our energy derivative liabilities. The determination of
 the fair value of our energy derivative liabilities does not
 consider noncash collateral credit enhancements. For net
 derivative assets, we apply a credit spread, based on the credit
 rating of the counterparty, against the net derivative asset
 with that counterparty. For net derivative liabilities we apply
 our own credit rating. We derive the credit spreads by using the
 corporate industrial credit curves for each rating category and
 building a curve based on certain points in time for each rating
 category. The spread comes from the discount factor of the
 individual corporate curves versus the discount factor of the
 LIBOR curve. At December 31, 2010, the credit reserve is
 less than $1 million on both on our net derivative assets
 and net derivative liabilities. Considering these factors and
 that we do not have significant risk from our net credit
 exposure to derivative counterparties, the impact of credit risk
 is not significant to the overall fair value of our derivatives
 portfolio.

 At December 31, 2010, 89 percent of the fair value of
 our derivatives portfolio expires in the next 12 months and
 more than 99 percent expires in the next 24 months.
 Our derivatives portfolio is largely comprised of
 exchange-traded products or like products where price
 transparency has not historically been a concern. Due to the
 nature of the markets in which we transact and the relatively
 short tenure of our derivatives portfolio, we do not believe it
 is necessary to make an adjustment for illiquidity. We regularly
 analyze the liquidity of the markets based on the prevalence of
 broker pricing and exchange pricing for products in our
 derivatives portfolio.

 The instruments included in Level 3 at December 31,
 2010, consist of natural gas index transactions that are used to
 manage the physical requirements of our business. The change in
 the overall fair value of instruments included in Level 3
 primarily results from changes in commodity prices during the
 month of delivery. There are generally no active forward markets
 or quoted prices for natural gas index transactions.

 We had an unsecured credit agreement with certain banks that
 served to reduce our usage of cash and other credit facilities
 for margin requirements related to instruments included in the
 facility. We terminated this agreement on November 1, 2011.
 We were able to negotiate agreements with the same banks, which
 also serve as counterparties to our hedging contracts, under
 similar margin requirements. See further discussion in
 &#147;&#151;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Liquidity.&#148;

 For the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, we
 recognized impairments of certain assets that were measured at
 fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These impairment
 measurements are included in Level 3 as they include
 significant unobservable inputs, such as our estimate of future
 cash flows and the probabilities of alternative scenarios. See
 Note 14 of Notes to Combined Financial Statements.

 88

 Table of Contents 

 BUSINESS 

 Overview 

 We are an independent natural gas and oil exploration and
 production company engaged in the exploitation and development
 of long-life unconventional properties. We are focused on
 profitably exploiting our significant natural gas reserve base
 and related NGLs in the Piceance Basin of the Rocky Mountain
 region, and on developing and growing our positions in the
 Bakken Shale oil play in North Dakota and the Marcellus Shale
 natural gas play in Pennsylvania. Our other areas of domestic
 operations include the Powder River Basin in Wyoming and the
 San Juan Basin in the southwestern United States. In
 addition, we own a 69 percent controlling ownership
 interest in Apco, which holds oil and gas concessions in
 Argentina and Colombia and trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market
 under the symbol &#147;APAGF.&#148; Our international interests
 make up approximately five percent of our total proved reserves.
 In consideration of this percentage, unless specifically
 referenced herein, the information included in this section
 relates only to our domestic activity.

 We have built a geographically diverse portfolio of natural gas
 and oil reserves through organic development and strategic
 acquisitions. For the five years ended December 31, 2010,
 we have grown production at a compound annual growth rate of
 12 percent. As of December 31, 2010, our proved
 reserves were 4,473 Bcfe, 59 percent of which were
 proved developed reserves. Average daily production for the
 month of October 2011 was 1,308 MMcfe/d. Our Piceance Basin
 operations form the majority of our proved reserves and current
 production, providing a low-cost, scalable asset base.

 The following table provides summary data for each of our
 primary areas of operation as of December 31, 2010, unless
 otherwise noted.

 Estimated Net 

 October 2011 

 2011 Budget Estimate 

 Proved Reserves 

 Average Daily 

 Drilling 

 % Proved 

 Net Production 

 Net 

 Gross 

 Capital(2) 

 PV-10(3) 

 Basin/Shale 

 Bcfe 

 Developed 

 (MMcfe/d)(1) 

 Acreage 

 Wells 

 (Millions) 

 (Millions) 

 Piceance Basin

 2,927

 53

 %

 745

 211,000

 376

 $

 575

 $

 2,707

 Bakken Shale(4)

 136

 11

 %

 41

 89,420

 41

 260

 399

 Marcellus Shale(5)

 28

 71

 %

 19

 99,301

 62

 170

 29

 Powder River Basin

 348

 75

 %

 231

 425,550

 411

 70

 317

 San Juan Basin

 554

 79

 %

 137

 120,998

 51

 40

 477

 Apco(6)

 190

 60

 %

 54

 404,304

 37

 30

 358

 Other(7)

 290

 72

 %

 81

 327,390

 94

 85

 257

 Total

 4,473

 59

 %

 1,308

 1,677,963

 1,072

 $

 1,230

 $

 4,544

 (1) 

 Represents average daily net production of our continuing
 operations for the month of October 2011. 

 (2) 

 Based on the midpoint of our estimated capital spending range. 

 (3) 

 PV-10 is a
 non-GAAP financial measure and generally differs from
 Standardized Measure, the most directly comparable GAAP
 financial measure, because it does not include the effects of
 income taxes on future net revenues. Neither
 PV-10 nor
 Standardized Measure represents an estimate of the fair market
 value of our oil and natural gas assets. We and others in the
 industry use
 PV-10 as a
 measure to compare the relative size and value of proved
 reserves held by companies without regard to the specific tax
 characteristics of such entities. For a definition of
 PV-10 and a
 reconciliation of
 PV-10 to
 Standardized Measure, see &#147;Summary&#151;Summary Combined
 Historical Operating and Reserve
 Data&#151;Non-GAAP Financial Measures and
 Reconciliations.&#148; 

 (4) 

 Our estimated net proved reserves in the Bakken Shale have not
 been audited by independent reserve engineers. 

 (5) 

 Approximately 21 percent of our undeveloped net acres in the
 Marcellus Shale are located in Columbia County. During the nine
 months ended September 30, 2011, we recorded a $50 million
 write-off of leasehold costs associated with approximately 65
 percent of our Columbia County acreage that we no longer plan to
 develop. 

 89

 Table of Contents 

 (6) 

 Represents approximately 69 percent of each metric (which
 corresponds to our ownership interest in Apco) except Percent
 Proved Developed, Gross Wells and Drilling Capital. 

 (7) 

 Other includes Barnett Shale, Arkoma and Green River Basins and
 miscellaneous smaller properties. October 2011 average daily net
 production excludes Arkoma production of approximately nine
 MMcfe/d as our Arkoma Basin operations were classified as held
 for sale and reported as discontinued operations as of
 September 30, 2011. 

 2011
 Capital Expenditures Budget 

 Our total 2011 capital expenditures budget is expected to be
 between $1.35 billion and $1.55 billion, and will
 consist of the following, representing the midpoint of this
 range:

 &#149; 

 approximately $1.23 billion for development
 drilling; and

 &#149; 

 approximately $0.22 billion for facilities, infrastructure,
 and land/acquisitions.

 While we have budgeted between $1.35 billion and
 $1.55 billion of capital deployment in 2011, the ultimate
 amount and allocation of capital spent in 2011 could vary. We
 will evaluate market conditions in each of our operating areas
 to determine the estimated economic returns on capital employed.
 If those returns exceed or fall short of our thresholds, our
 capital expenditures and allocations could change accordingly.
 In addition, we believe that after completion of the spin-off we
 will be well positioned to pursue large scale strategic
 acquisitions that are not included in our 2011 capital
 expenditures budget. However, our ability to enter into
 corporate transactions will be subject to certain restrictions.
 For example, after the spin-off, we may not enter into
 transactions that would cause us to undergo either a 50% or
 greater change in the ownership of our voting stock or a 50% or
 greater change in the ownership (measured by value) of all
 classes of our stock taking into account shares issued in this
 offering in transactions considered related to the spin-off.
 These restrictions are necessary in order to maintain the
 tax-free treatment of our separation from Williams. See
 &#147;Risk Factors&#151;Risks Related to the Spin-Off&#151;Our
 tax sharing agreement with Williams may limit our ability to
 take certain actions and may require us to indemnify Williams
 for significant tax liabilities.&#148;

 Our
 Business Strategy 

 Our business strategy is to increase shareholder value by
 finding and developing reserves and producing natural gas, oil
 and NGLs at costs that generate an attractive rate of return on
 our investment.

 &#149; 

 Efficiently Allocate Capital for Optimal Portfolio
 Returns . We expect to allocate capital to the
 most profitable opportunities in our portfolio based on
 commodity price cycles and other market conditions, enabling us
 to continue to grow our reserves and production in a manner that
 maximizes our return on investment. In determining which
 drilling opportunities to pursue, we target a minimum after-tax
 internal rate of return on each operated well we drill of
 15 percent. While we have a significant portfolio of
 drilling opportunities that we believe meet or exceed our return
 targets even in challenging commodity price environments, we are
 disciplined in our approach to capital spending and will adjust
 our drilling capital expenditures based on our level of expected
 cash flows, access to capital and overall liquidity position.
 For example, in 2009 we demonstrated our capital discipline by
 reducing drilling expenditures in response to prevailing
 commodity prices and their impact on these factors.

 &#149; 

 Continue Our Cost-Efficient Development
 Approach. We focus on developing properties where
 we can apply development practices that result in
 cost-efficiencies. We manage costs by focusing on establishing
 large scale, contiguous acreage blocks where we can operate a
 majority of the properties. We believe this strategy allows us
 to better achieve economies of scale and apply continuous
 technological improvements in our operations. We intend to
 replicate these cost-efficient approaches in our recently
 acquired growth positions in the Bakken Shale and the Marcellus
 Shale.

 &#149; 

 Pursue Strategic Acquisitions with Significant Resource
 Potential . We have a history of acquiring
 undeveloped properties that meet our disciplined return
 requirements and other acquisition criteria to expand upon our
 existing positions as well as acquiring undeveloped acreage in
 new geographic areas

 90

 Table of Contents 

 that offer significant resource potential. This is illustrated
 by our recent acquisitions in the Bakken Shale and the Marcellus
 Shale. We seek to continue expansion of current acreage
 positions and opportunistically acquire acreage positions in new
 areas where we feel we can establish significant scale and
 replicate our cost-efficient development approach.

 &#149; 

 Target a More Balanced Commodity Mix in Our Production
 Profile . With our Bakken Shale acquisition in
 December 2010 and our liquids-rich Piceance Basin assets, we
 have a significant drilling inventory of oil- and liquids-rich
 opportunities that we intend to develop rapidly in order to
 achieve a more balanced commodity mix in our production. We
 refer to the Piceance Basin as &#147;liquids-rich&#148; because
 our proved reserves in that basin consist of &#147;wet,&#148; as
 opposed to &#147;dry,&#148; gas and have a significant liquids
 component. Our current estimated proved reserves of NGLs and
 condensate in the Piceance Basin are 95 MMbbl and
 3 MMbbl, respectively. We will continue to pursue other
 oil- and liquids-rich organic development and acquisition
 opportunities that meet our investment returns and strategic
 criteria.

 &#149; 

 Maintain Substantial Financial Liquidity and Manage Commodity
 Price Sensitivity . We plan to conservatively
 manage our balance sheet and maintain substantial liquidity
 through a mix of cash on hand and availability under our Credit
 Facility. In addition, we have engaged and will continue to
 engage in commodity hedging activities to maintain a degree of
 cash flow stability. Typically, we target hedging approximately
 50 percent of expected revenue from domestic production
 during a current calendar year in order to strike an appropriate
 balance of commodity price upside with cash flow protection,
 although we may vary from this level based on our perceptions of
 market risk. At October 31, 2011, our estimated domestic
 natural gas production revenues were 67 percent hedged for
 2011 and 48 percent hedged for 2012. Estimated domestic oil
 production revenues were 48 percent hedged for 2011 and
 49 percent hedged for 2012 as of the same date.

 Our
 Competitive Strengths 

 We have a number of competitive strengths that we believe will
 help us to successfully execute our business strategies:

 &#149; 

 A Leading Piceance Basin Cost Structure. We
 have a large position in the lower cost valley area of the
 Piceance Basin, which we believe provides us economies
 associated with lower elevation drilling and large contiguous
 operations, allowing us to continuously drive down operating
 costs and increase efficiencies. The existing substantial
 midstream infrastructure in the Piceance Basin contributes to
 our cost-efficient structure and provides take-away capacity for
 our natural gas and NGLs. Because of this cost-efficient
 structure in the Piceance Basin, we have the ability to generate
 returns that we believe are in excess of those typically
 associated with Rockies producers.

 &#149; 

 Attractive Asset Base Across a Number of High Growth
 Areas . In addition to our large scale Piceance
 Basin properties, our assets include emerging, high growth
 opportunities such as our Bakken Shale and Marcellus Shale
 positions. Based on our subsurface geological and engineering
 analysis of available well data, we believe our Bakken Shale and
 Marcellus Shale positions are located in core areas of these
 plays, which have associated historic drilling results that we
 believe offer highly attractive economic returns.

 &#149; 

 Extensive Drilling Inventory. As of
 December 31, 2010, we have identified approximately 2,900
 proved undeveloped drilling locations. We have budgeted drilling
 approximately 500 gross operated wells during 2011. We have
 established significant scale in each of our core areas of
 operation that support multi-year development plans and allow us
 to optimally leverage our cost-efficient development approach.
 Our drilling inventory provides opportunities across diverse
 geographic markets and products including natural gas, oil and
 NGLs.

 &#149; 

 Significant Operating Flexibility. In the
 Piceance Basin, Bakken Shale and Marcellus Shale, our three
 primary basins, we operate substantially all of our production.
 We expect approximately 91 percent of our projected 2011
 domestic drilling capital will be spent on projects we operate.
 We

 91

 Table of Contents 

 believe acting as operator on our properties allows us to better
 control costs and capital expenditures, manage efficiencies,
 optimize development pace, ensure safety and environmental
 stewardship and, ultimately, maximize our return on investment.
 As operator, we are also able to leverage our experience and
 expertise across all basins and transfer technology advances
 between them as applicable. In addition, substantially all of
 our Piceance Basin properties are held by producing wells, which
 allows us to adjust our level of drilling activity in response
 to changing market conditions.

 &#149; 

 Significant Financial Flexibility. Our capital
 structure is intended to provide a high degree of financial
 flexibility to grow our asset base, both through organic
 projects and opportunistic acquisitions. We retained
 $500 million of the net proceeds from the issuance of the
 Notes and have a $1.5 billion Credit Facility, although our
 future borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility will be
 reduced by letters of credit issued under that facility and is
 subject to debt ratio tests. See &#147;Description of Material
 Indebtedness.&#148; We believe our level of debt to proved
 reserves is low relative to a majority of other publicly traded,
 independent oil and gas producers.

 &#149; 

 Management Team with Broad Unconventional Resource
 Experience . Our management and operating team has
 significant experience acquiring, operating and developing
 natural gas and oil reserves from tight-sands and shale
 formations. Our Chief Executive Officer and his direct reports
 have in excess of 238 collective years of experience running
 large scale drilling programs and drilling vertical and
 horizontal wells requiring complex well design and completion
 methods. Our team has demonstrated the ability to manage large
 scale operations and apply current technological successes to
 new development opportunities. We have deployed members of our
 successful Piceance Basin, Powder River Basin and Barnett Shale
 teams to the Bakken Shale and Marcellus Shale teams to help
 replicate our cost-efficient model and to apply our highly
 specialized technical expertise in the development of those
 resources.

 Our
 Recent Acquisition History 

 An important part of our strategy to grow our business and
 enhance shareholder value is to acquire properties complementary
 to our existing positions as well as undeveloped acreage with
 significant resource potential in new geographic areas.
 Following is a summary of selected recent acquisitions in the
 Bakken Shale, Marcellus Shale and Piceance Basin.

 Bakken
 Shale 

 &#149; 

 In December 2010, we acquired Dakota-3 E&#038;P Company LLC, a
 company that holds approximately 85,800 net acres on the
 Fort Berthold Indian Reservation in the Williston Basin,
 with then-current net oil production of 3,300 barrels per
 day from 24 existing wells, for $949 million.

 Marcellus
 Shale 

 &#149; 

 In July 2010, we acquired 42,000 net acres of largely
 undeveloped properties primarily located in Susquehanna County
 in northeastern Pennsylvania for $599 million.

 &#149; 

 During 2010, we also acquired additional unproved leasehold
 acreage positions in the Marcellus Shale for a total of
 $164 million.

 &#149; 

 In June 2009, we initiated our strategy of securing acreage in
 the Marcellus Shale with our participation and exploration
 agreement to develop natural gas wells with Rex Energy
 Corporation. We acquired a 50 percent interest in
 44,000 net acres in Pennsylvania&#146;s Westmoreland,
 Clearfield and Centre Counties for $33 million in a
 &#147;drill to earn&#148; structure.

 Piceance
 Basin 

 &#149; 

 In September 2009, we completed a bolt-on acquisition of
 21,800 net acres in the Piceance Basin, east of our
 existing properties, for $253 million. The asset included
 then current production of 24 MMcfe/d from 28 wells,
 related gas and water gathering facilities, 94 approved drilling
 permits and more than

 92

 Table of Contents 

 800 drillable locations at
 10-acre 
 spacing. In December 2009, we increased our working interest in
 these properties through an additional $22 million
 acquisition.

 &#149; 

 In May 2008, we acquired 24,000 net acres in the Piceance
 Basin for $285 million. The acreage covered by the
 agreement was contiguous to our existing position in the Ryan
 Gulch area of the Piceance Basin Highlands in Rio Blanco County.
 A third party subsequently exercised its contractual option to
 purchase a 49 percent interest in a portion of the acquired
 assets for $71 million.

 Recent
 Sales &#038; Dispositions 

 &#149; 

 In November 2010, we sold certain of our gathering and
 processing assets in Colorado&#146;s Piceance Basin to Williams
 Partners for $702 million in cash and approximately
 1.8 million Williams Partners common units, which units
 were subsequently distributed to Williams. These assets include
 the Parachute Plant Complex, three other treating facilities
 with a combined processing capacity of 1.2 Bcf/d, and a
 gathering system with approximately 150 miles of pipeline.
 There are more than 3,300 wells connected to the gathering
 system, which includes pipelines ranging up to
 30-inch 
 trunk lines. As part of this sale, we agreed to continue to use
 this gathering system for our production in this area for the
 life of our leases. See &#147;Other Related Party
 Transactions&#151;Agreements Related to the Piceance
 Disposition.&#148;

 &#149; 

 In January 2008, we sold a contractual right to a production
 payment on certain future hydrocarbon production in Peru for
 $148 million. As a result of the contract termination, we
 have no further interests associated with this crude oil
 concession, which we had obtained through our acquisition of
 Barrett Resources Corporation in 2001.

 We may from time to time dispose of producing properties and
 undeveloped acreage positions if we believe they no longer fit
 into our strategic plan.

 Significant
 Properties 

 Our principal areas of operation are the Piceance Basin, Bakken
 Shale, Marcellus Shale, Powder River Basin, San Juan Basin
 and, through our ownership of Apco, Colombia and Argentina. A
 map of our properties within these geographic areas and our
 other properties can be found on the inside cover of this
 information statement.

 Piceance
 Basin 

 We entered the Piceance Basin in May 2001 with the acquisition
 of Barrett Resources and since that time have grown to become
 the largest natural gas producer in Colorado. Our Piceance Basin
 properties currently comprise our largest area of concentrated
 development drilling.

 For the month of October 2011, we had an average of
 745 MMcfe/d of net production from our Piceance Basin
 properties. Approximately 20,000 barrels of NGLs are currently
 recovered each day from our Piceance Basin properties. A large
 majority of our natural gas production in this basin currently
 is gathered through a system owned by Williams Partners and
 delivered to markets through a number of interstate pipelines.
 See &#147;Other Related Party Transactions&#151;Gathering,
 Processing and Treating Contracts.&#148; As of December 31,
 2010, our properties in the Piceance Basin included:

 &#149; 

 211,000 total net acres, including 108,165 undeveloped net acres;

 &#149; 

 2,927 Bcfe of estimated net proved reserves;

 &#149; 

 3,587 net producing wells; and

 &#149; 

 1,567 undrilled proved drilling locations.

 During 2010, we operated an average of 11 drilling rigs in the
 basin, including nine in the Piceance Valley and two in the
 Piceance Highlands. As of October 31, 2011 we were
 operating 11 rigs and have an average of 11 rigs budgeted for
 2011. We have allocated approximately $575 million in
 capital expenditures to drill 376 gross wells on our
 Piceance Basin properties in 2011.

 93

 Table of Contents 

 The Piceance Basin is located in northwestern Colorado. Our
 operations in the basin are divided into two areas: the Piceance
 Valley and the Piceance Highlands. Our Piceance Valley area
 includes operations along the Colorado River valley and is the
 more developed area where we have produced consistent,
 repeatable results. The Piceance Highlands, which are those
 areas at higher elevations above the river valley, contain vast
 development opportunities that position us well for growth in
 the future as infrastructure expands and efficiency improvements
 continue. Our development activities in the basin are primarily
 focused on the Williams Fork section within the Mesaverde
 formation. The Williams Fork can be over 2,000 feet in
 thickness and is comprised of several tight, interbedded,
 lenticular sandstone lenses encountered at depths ranging from
 7,000 to 13,000 feet. In order to maximize producing rates
 and recovery of natural gas reserves we must hydraulically
 fracture the well using a fluid system comprised of
 99 percent water and sand. Advancements in completion
 technology, including the use of microseismic data have enabled
 us to more effectively stimulate the reservoir and recover a
 greater percentage of the natural gas in place. We are currently
 evaluating deeper horizons such as the Mancos and Niobrara shale
 formations, which have the potential to provide additional
 development opportunities.

 Initial development of the Piceance Basin was limited to
 conventional drilling and completion techniques. In response to
 the unique challenges posed by the geology of this area, we
 collaborated with our drilling contractors to build
 &#147;fit-for-purpose&#148; 
 type drilling rigs, and beginning in 2005, were the first
 operator to introduce these types of drilling rigs to the
 Piceance Basin. Utilizing advancements in drilling technology
 and several innovative modifications, these special purpose rigs
 are capable of drilling 22 wells from a single well pad,
 drilling faster and extending the directional length of our
 wells, and can accommodate completion and production activities
 simultaneously. In addition to reducing surface impacts, these
 rigs are quieter, safer to operate, and have allowed us to
 significantly reduce cycle times from spud to spud and getting
 our gas to market. We have pioneered several other innovative
 practices such as green completions, which essentially eliminate
 gas flaring and emissions during completion operations, and
 using a &#147;clustered&#148; plan of development approach
 taking advantage of centralized facilities, as well as allowing
 us to fracture stimulate wells from over two miles away from the
 pumping equipment. In addition, all of our producing wells and
 associated facilities are fully automated and utilize our
 state-of-the 
 art telemetry system, which provides our well technicians with
 real time data to ensure we are optimizing well performance. Our
 innovative approaches to drilling in the Piceance Basin have
 earned us positive state and federal recognition.

 Bakken
 Shale 

 In December 2010 we acquired approximately 85,800 net acres
 in the Williston Basin. All of our properties in the Williston
 Basin are on the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation in North
 Dakota, where we will be the primary operator. Based on our
 geologic interpretation of the Bakken formation, the evolution
 of completion techniques, our own drilling results as well as
 the publicly available drilling results for other operators in
 the basin, we believe that a substantial portion of our
 Williston Basin acreage is prospective in the Bakken formation,
 the primary target for all of the well locations in our current
 drilling inventory.

 For the month of October 2011, we had an average of 6.8 Mboe/d
 of net production from our Bakken Shale wells. As of
 December 31, 2010, our properties in the Bakken Shale
 included:

 &#149; 

 89,420 total net acres, including 75,937 undeveloped net acres;

 &#149; 

 23 MMboe of estimated net proved reserves; and

 &#149; 

 13 net producing wells.

 As of October 31, 2011 we were operating four rigs and plan
 to add an additional rig during 2011. We have allocated
 approximately $260 million in capital expenditures to drill
 41 gross wells on our Bakken Shale properties in 2011.

 We plan to develop oil reserves through horizontal drilling from
 both the Middle Bakken and Upper Three Forks shale oil
 formations utilizing drilling and completion expertise gained in
 part through experience in our other basins. Based on our
 subsurface geological analysis, we believe that our position
 lies in the area

 94

 Table of Contents 

 of the basin&#146;s greatest potential recovery for Bakken
 formation oil. Currently our Bakken Shale development has the
 highest incremental returns of any of our drilling programs.

 The Williston Basin is spread across North Dakota, South Dakota,
 Montana and parts of southern Canada, covering approximately
 202,000 square miles, of which 143,000 square miles
 are in the United States. The basin produces oil and natural gas
 from numerous producing horizons including the Bakken, Three
 Forks, Madison and Red River formations. A report issued by the
 U.S. Geological Survey in April 2008 classified the Bakken
 formation as the largest continuous oil accumulation ever
 assessed by it in the contiguous United States.

 The Devonian-age Bakken formation is found within the
 Williston Basin underlying portions of North Dakota and Montana
 and is comprised of three lithologic members referred to as the
 Upper, Middle and Lower Bakken shales. The formation ranges up
 to 150 feet thick and is a continuous and structurally
 simple reservoir. The upper and lower shales are highly organic,
 thermally mature and over pressured and can act as both a source
 and reservoir for the oil. The Middle Bakken, which varies in
 composition from a silty dolomite to shaly limestone or sand,
 serves as the productive formation and is a critical reservoir
 for commercial production. Generally, the Bakken formation is
 found at vertical depths of 8,500 to 11,500 feet.

 The Three Forks formation, generally found immediately under the
 Bakken formation, has also proven to contain productive
 reservoir rock that may add incremental reserves to our existing
 leasehold positions. The Three Forks formation typically
 consists of interbedded dolomites and shale with local
 development of a discontinuous sandy member at the top, known as
 the Sanish sand. The Three Forks formation is an unconventional
 carbonate play. Similar to the Bakken formation, the Three Forks
 formation has recently been exploited utilizing the same
 horizontal drilling and advanced completion techniques as the
 Bakken development. Drilling in the Three Forks formation began
 in mid-2008 and a number of operators are currently drilling
 wells targeting this formation. Based on our geologic
 interpretation of the Three Forks formation and the evolution of
 completion techniques, we believe that most of our Williston
 Basin acreage is prospective in the Three Forks formation. We
 are in the process of completing a well drilled in the Three
 Forks formation.

 Our Middle Bakken development is expected to be comparable to
 other established operators in the area. For our typical well
 drilled in the Middle Bakken formation, we expect the initial
 30 day production rates to be in the range of 750 Boe/d to
 1,100 Boe/d, drilling capital to be in the $8 million to
 $9 million range and reserve estimates to be from 650 to
 850 Mbbls, depending on the area.

 Our acreage in the Bakken Shale, as well as a portion of our
 acreage in the Piceance Basin and Powder River Basin, is leased
 to us by or with the approval of the federal government or its
 agencies, and is subject to federal authority, NEPA, the Bureau
 of Indian Affairs or other regulatory regimes that require
 governmental agencies to evaluate the potential environmental
 impacts of a proposed project on government owned lands. These
 regulatory regimes impose obligations on the federal government
 and governmental agencies that may result in legal challenges
 and potentially lengthy delays in obtaining project permits or
 approvals and could result in certain instances in the
 cancellation of existing leases.

 Marcellus
 Shale 

 Our Marcellus Shale acreage is located in four principal areas
 of the play within Pennsylvania: the northeast portion of the
 play in and near Susquehanna County; the southwest in and around
 Westmoreland County; centrally in Clearfield and Centre Counties
 and the east in Columbia County. (See &#147;Management&#146;s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations&#151;Overview of the nine months ended
 September 30, 2011 and 2010&#148; for discussion of a
 $50 million write-off of leasehold costs associated with
 approximately 65 percent of our total Columbia County
 acreage that we no longer plan to develop. Our total Columbia
 County acreage represents 21 percent of our total
 undeveloped acreage in the Marcellus Shale). We have continued
 to expand our position since our entry into the Marcellus Shale
 in 2009, both organically and through third-party acquisitions.
 We are the primary operator on our acreage for all four areas
 and plan to develop our acreage using horizontal drilling and
 completion expertise in part gained through operations in our
 other basins. Our most established area is in Westmoreland
 County but in the future we expect our most

 95

 Table of Contents 

 significant drilling area to be in Susquehanna County. A third
 party gathering system providing the main trunkline out of the
 area is expected to go into service by the end of October 2011.

 For the month of October 2011, we had an average of
 19 MMcfe/d of net production from our Marcellus Shale
 properties. As of December 31, 2010, our properties in the
 Marcellus Shale included:

 &#149; 

 99,301 total net acres, including 98,387 undeveloped net acres;

 &#149; 

 28 Bcfe of estimated net proved reserves; and

 &#149; 

 Six net producing wells.

 As of September 30, 2011 we were operating four rigs and
 have an average of five rigs budgeted for 2011. We have
 allocated approximately $170 million in capital
 expenditures to drill 62 gross wells on our Marcellus Shale
 properties in 2011.

 The Marcellus Shale formation is the most expansive shale gas
 play in the United States, spanning six states in the
 northeastern United States. The Marcellus Shale is a black,
 organic rich shale formation located at depths between 4,000 and
 8,500 feet, covering approximately 95,000 square miles
 at an average net thickness of 50 feet to 300 feet.

 The first commercial well in the Marcellus Shale was drilled and
 completed in 2005 in Pennsylvania. Since the beginning of 2005,
 there have been 6,963 wells permitted in Pennsylvania in
 the Marcellus Shale and 3,030 of the approved wells have been
 drilled. In 2010, 1,386 wells were drilled in the Marcellus
 Shale, making it one of the most active and prominent shale gas
 plays in the United States, and active, widespread drilling in
 this area is expected to continue. During 2010, there were more
 than 80 operators active in the play.

 Powder
 River Basin 

 We own a large position in coal bed methane reserves in the
 Powder River Basin and together with our co-developer, Lance
 Oil &#038; Gas Company Inc., control 950,982 acres, of
 which our ownership represents 425,550 net acres. We share
 operations with our co-developer and both companies have
 extensive experience producing from coal formations in the
 Powder River Basin dating from its earliest commercial growth in
 the late 1990s. The natural gas produced is gathered by a system
 owned by our co-developer.

 For the month of October 2011, we had an average of
 231 MMcfe/d of net production from our Powder River Basin
 properties. As of December 31, 2010, our properties in the
 Powder River Basin included:

 &#149; 

 425,550 total net acres, including 175,371 undeveloped net acres;

 &#149; 

 348 Bcfe of estimated net proved reserves; and

 &#149; 

 2,884 net producing wells.

 We have allocated approximately $70 million in capital
 expenditures to drill 411 gross wells on our Powder River
 Basin properties in 2011. We plan to drill 80 operated wells,
 participate in 253 wells drilled by our joint venture
 partner and participate in the drilling of 78 wells drilled
 by others in 2011.

 Our Powder River Basin properties are located in northeastern
 Wyoming. Our development operations in this basin are focused on
 coal bed methane plays in the Big George and Wyodak project
 areas. Initially, coal bed methane wells typically produce water
 in a process called dewatering. This process lowers pressure,
 allowing the natural gas to flow to the wellbore. As the coal
 seam pressure declines, the wells begin producing methane gas at
 an increasing rate. As the wells mature, the production peaks,
 stabilizes and then begins declining. The average life of a coal
 bed methane well in the Powder River Basin ranges from five to
 15 years. While these wells generally produce at much lower
 rates with fewer reserves attributed to them when compared to
 conventional natural gas wells in the Rocky Mountains, they also
 typically have higher drilling success rates and lower capital
 costs.

 The coal seams that we target in the Powder River Basin have
 been extensively mapped as a result of a variety of natural
 resource development projects that have occurred in the region.
 Industry data from over

 96

 Table of Contents 

 25,000 wellbores drilled through the Ft. Union coal
 formation allows us to determine critical data such as the
 aerial extent, thickness, gas saturation, formation pressure and
 relative permeability of the coal seams we target for
 development, which we believe significantly reduces our dry hole
 risk.

 San Juan
 Basin 

 We acquired our San Juan Basin properties as part of
 Williams&#146; acquisition of Northwest Energy in 1983. These
 properties represented the first major area of natural gas
 exploration and development activities for Williams. Our
 San Juan Basin properties include holdings across the basin
 producing primarily from the Mesa Verde, Fruitland Coal and
 Mancos shale gas formations. We operate two units in New Mexico
 (Rosa and Cox Canyon) as well as several
 non-unit 
 properties, and we operate in three major areas of Colorado
 (Northwest Cedar Hills, Ignacio and Bondad). We also own
 properties operated by other operators in New Mexico and
 Colorado. Approximately 60 percent of our net San Juan
 Basin production comes from our operated properties.

 For the month of October 2011, we had an average of
 137 MMcfe/d of net production from our San Juan Basin
 properties. As of December 31, 2010, our properties in the
 San Juan Basin included:

 &#149; 

 120,998 total net acres, including 1,576 undeveloped net acres;

 &#149; 

 554 Bcfe of estimated net proved reserves; and

 &#149; 

 880 net producing wells.

 We have allocated approximately $40 million in capital
 expenditures to drill 51 gross wells on our San Juan
 Basin properties in 2011. We plan to drill 16 operated wells in
 2011 and participate in the drilling of 35 wells operated
 by our partners in 2011.

 According to a September 2010 Wood Mackenzie report, the
 San Juan Basin is one of the oldest and most prolific coal
 bed methane plays in the world. This report states that
 production from the San Juan Basin in 2010 was expected to
 average 3.5 Bcfe/d with approximately 60 percent of
 net gas production derived from the Fruitland coal bed. The
 Fruitland coal bed extends to depths of approximately 4,200 ft
 with net thickness ranging from zero to 100 feet. The Mesa
 Verde play is the top producing tight gas play in the basin with
 total thickness ranging from 500 to 2,500 feet. The Mesa
 Verde is underlain by the upper Mancos Shale and overlain by the
 Lewis Shale.

 Apco 

 We hold an approximate 69 percent controlling equity
 interest in Apco. Apco in turn owns interests in several blocks
 in Argentina, including concessions in the Neuqu&#233;n,
 Austral, Northwest and San Jorge Basins, and in 3
 exploration permits in Colombia, with its primary properties
 consisting of the Neuqu&#233;n and Austral Basin concessions.
 Apco&#146;s oil and gas reserves are approximately
 57 percent oil, 39 percent natural gas and four
 percent liquefied petroleum gas. For the month of October 2011,
 Apco had an average of 14.2 Mboe/d of net production. As of
 December 31, 2010, Apco&#146;s properties included:

 &#149; 

 586,288 total net acres, including 556,661 undeveloped net acres;

 &#149; 

 45.9 MMboe of estimated net proved reserves; and

 &#149; 

 322 net producing wells.

 Apco intends to participate in the drilling of 37 wells
 operated by its partners in 2011 of which Apco has allocated,
 for its direct ownership interest, approximately
 $30 million in capital expenditures.

 The government of Argentina has implemented price control
 mechanisms over the sale of natural gas and over gasoline prices
 in the country. As a result of these controls and other actions
 by the Argentine government, sales price realizations for
 natural gas and oil sold in Argentina are generally below
 international market levels and are significantly influenced by
 Argentine governmental actions.

 Neuqu&#233;n Basin. Apco participates in a
 joint venture partnership with Petrolera and Petrobras Argentina
 S.A. for the exploration and development of the Entre Lomas oil
 and gas concession in the provinces of R&#237;o

 97

 Table of Contents 

 Negro and Neuqu&#233;n in southwest Argentina. In 2007, the
 partners created two new joint ventures consisting of the same
 partners with the same interests in order to expand operations
 into two areas adjacent to Entre Lomas, the Agua Amarga
 exploration permit in the province of R&#237;o Negro, and the
 Bajada del Palo concession in the province of Neuqu&#233;n. In
 2009, a portion of the Agua Amarga permit was converted to a
 25-year 
 exploitation concession called Charco del Palenque.

 The Entre Lomas concession covers a surface area of
 approximately 183,000 acres and produces oil and gas from
 seven fields, the largest of which is Charco Bayo/Piedras
 Blancas. The Entre Lomas concession has a primary term of
 25 years that expires in the year 2016 with an option to
 extend for an additional ten-year period based on terms to be
 agreed with the government. The Bajada del Palo concession has a
 total surface area of approximately 111,000 acres. In 2009,
 the Bajada del Palo concession term was extended to September
 2025.

 The Agua Amarga exploration area was awarded to Petrolera by the
 province of R&#237;o Negro in 2007. The property has a total
 surface area of approximately 95,000 acres and is located
 immediately to the southeast of the Entre Lomas concession. The
 first exploration period was scheduled to end in May 2010 and
 was extended for one year until May 2011. The completion of
 Apco&#146;s work commitments and additional activities executed
 in the area has enabled Apco to request an additional one-year
 extension. If granted, the first exploration period would end on
 May 2012. In 2009, a portion of the Agua Amarga area covering
 approximately 18,000 acres was converted to an exploitation
 concession called Charco del Palenque with a
 25-year term
 and a five-year optional extension period.

 Austral Basin Properties. Apco holds a
 25.78 percent non-operated interest in a joint venture
 engaged in exploration and production activities in three
 concessions located on the island of Tierra del Fuego, which we
 refer to as the &#147;TDF concessions.&#148; The operator of the
 TDF concessions is ROCH S.A., a privately owned Argentine oil
 and gas company. The TDF concessions cover a total surface area
 of approximately 467,000 gross acres, or 120,000 acres
 net to Apco. Each of the concessions extends three kilometers
 offshore with their eastern boundaries paralleling the
 coastline. The most developed of the three concessions is the
 Las Violetas concession which is the largest onshore concession
 on the Argentine side of the island of Tierra del Fuego. The
 concessions have terms of 25 years that expire in 2016 with
 an option to extend the concessions for an additional ten-year
 period based on terms to be agreed with the government.

 Northwest Basin Properties. Apco holds a
 1.5 percent non-operated interest in the Acambuco
 concession located in the province of Salta in northwest
 Argentina on the border with Bolivia. The concession covers an
 area of 294,000 acres, and is one of the largest gas
 producing concessions in Argentina. Wells drilled to the
 Huamampampa formation in the Acambuco concession have generally
 required one year to drill with total costs for drilling and
 completion ranging from $50 to $70 million.

 San Jorge Basin Properties. In the
 San Jorge Basin, Apco&#146;s areas are more prospective and
 exploratory in nature. In the Sur R&#237;o Deseado Este
 concession in the province of Santa Cruz, Apco has a
 16.94 percent working interest in an exploitation area with
 limited oil production and an 88 percent working interest
 in an exploratory area in the northern sector of the concession.
 Apco sold its interest in the Ca&#241;ad&#243;n Ramirez
 concession at the end of 2010.

 Other
 Properties 

 Our other holdings are comprised of assets in the Barnett Shale
 located in north central Texas, gas reserves in the Green River
 Basin of southwest Wyoming, interests in the Arkoma Basin in
 southeastern Oklahoma and additional international assets in
 northwest Argentina that are not part of Apco&#146;s holdings.

 For the month of October 2011, we had an average of
 81 MMcfe/d of net production from continuing operations
 from our other properties. As of December 31, 2010, our
 other properties included:

 &#149; 

 327,390 total net acres, including 245,497 undeveloped net acres;

 &#149; 

 290 Bcfe of estimated net proved reserves; and

 &#149; 

 532 net producing wells.

 98

 Table of Contents 

 As of October 31, 2011 we were operating two rigs on our
 other properties. We have allocated approximately
 $85 million in capital expenditures to drill 94 gross
 wells on our other properties in 2011.

 Our Barnett Shale properties produce predominately natural gas
 from horizontal wells, where we are the primary operator and
 have drilled more than 200 wells. Our Arkoma Basin
 properties include 441 gross wells producing gas from coal
 and shale formations. We have initiated a process to seek offers
 to sell our Arkoma Basin properties, which include approximately
 104,000 net acres, including approximately 48,000
 undeveloped net acres. Such properties were classified as held
 for sale and reported as discontinued operations as of
 September 30, 2011, comprised less than one percent of our
 assets and are not included in our average daily net production
 amount for the month of October 2011.

 Reserves
 and Production Information 

 We have significant oil and gas producing activities primarily
 in the Rocky Mountain, northeast and Mid-continent areas of the
 United States. Additionally, we have international oil and gas
 producing activities, primarily in Argentina. Proved reserves
 and revenues related to international activities are
 approximately five percent and three percent, respectively, of
 our total international and domestic proved reserves and
 revenues from producing activities. Accordingly, unless
 specifically stated otherwise, the information in the remainder
 of this &#147;Business&#148; section relates only to the oil and
 gas activities in the United States.

 Oil and
 Gas Reserves 

 The following table outlines our estimated net proved reserves
 expressed on a gas equivalent basis for the reporting periods
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. We prepare our own
 reserves estimates and the majority of our reserves are audited
 by NSAI and M&#038;L. Proved reserves information is reported as
 gas equivalents, since oil volumes are insignificant in the
 three years shown below. Reserves for 2010 are approximately
 97 percent natural gas. Reserves are more than
 99 percent natural gas for 2009 and 2008. Oil reserves
 increased to approximately three percent of total proved
 reserves in 2010 as a result of a fourth quarter acquisition of
 properties in the Bakken Shale.

 Summary of oil and gas reserves:

 December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (Bcfe)(1) 

 Proved developed reserves

 2,498

 2,387

 2,456

 Proved undeveloped reserves

 1,774

 1,868

 1,883

 Total proved reserves

 4,272

 4,255

 4,339

 (1) 

 Gas equivalents are calculated using a ratio of six thousand
 cubic feet of natural gas to one barrel of oil. 

 Estimated Net 

 Proved Reserves 

 Basin / Shale 

 December 31, 2010 

 (Bcfe) 

 Piceance Basin

 2,927

 Bakken Shale

 136

 Marcellus Shale

 28

 Powder River Basin

 348

 San Juan Basin

 554

 Other(1)

 279

 Total(2)

 4,272

 (1) 

 Other includes Barnett Shale, Arkoma and Green River Basins and
 miscellaneous smaller properties. 

 (2) 

 Of our total 4,272 Bcfe of net proved reserves as of
 December 31, 2010, three percent are oil. 

 99

 Table of Contents 

 We have not filed on a recurring basis estimates of our total
 proved net oil and gas reserves with any U.S. regulatory
 authority or agency other than with the U.S. Department of
 Energy and the SEC. The estimates furnished to the Department of
 Energy have been consistent with those furnished to the SEC.

 Our 2010 year-end estimated proved reserves were derived
 using an average price of $4.31 per Mcf, which is the
 12-month 
 average,
 first-of-the-month 
 price for the applicable indices for each basin as adjusted for
 locational price differentials. During 2010, we added
 508 Bcfe of net additions to our proved reserves through
 drilling 1,162 gross wells at a capital cost of
 approximately $988 million.

 Reserves
 estimation process 

 Our reserves are estimated by deterministic methods using an
 appropriate combination of production performance analysis and
 volumetric techniques. The proved reserves for economic
 undrilled locations are estimated by analogy or volumetrically
 from offset developed locations. Reservoir continuity and
 lateral persistence of our tight-sands, shale and coal bed
 methane reservoirs is established by combinations of subsurface
 analysis and analysis of 2D and 3D seismic data and pressure
 data. Understanding reservoir quality may be augmented by core
 samples analysis.

 The engineering staff of each basin asset team provides the
 reserves modeling and forecasts for their respective areas.
 Various departments also participate in the preparation of the
 year-end reserves estimate by providing supporting information
 such as pricing, capital costs, expenses, ownership, gas
 gathering and gas quality. The departments and their roles in
 the year-end reserves process are coordinated by our reserves
 analysis department. The reserves analysis department&#146;s
 responsibilities also include performing an internal review of
 reserves data for reasonableness and accuracy, working with the
 third-party consultants and the asset teams to successfully
 complete the third-party reserves audit, finalizing the year-end
 reserves report and reporting reserves data to accounting.

 The preparation of our year-end reserves report is a formal
 process. Early in the year, we begin with a review of the
 existing internal processes and controls to identify where
 improvements can be made from the prior year&#146;s reporting
 cycle. Later in the year, the reserves staffs from the asset
 teams submit their preliminary reserves data to the reserves
 analysis department. After review by the reserves analysis
 department, the data is submitted to our third party engineering
 consultants, NSAI and M&#038;L, to begin their audits. After
 this point, reserves data analysis and further review are
 conducted and iterated between the asset teams, reserves
 analysis department and our third party engineering consultants.
 In early December, reserves are reviewed with senior management.
 The process concludes when all parties agree upon the reserve
 estimates and audit tolerance is achieved.

 The reserves estimates resulting from our process are subjected
 to both internal and external controls to promote transparency
 and accuracy of the year-end reserves estimates. Our internal
 reserves analysis team is independent and does not work within
 an asset team or report directly to anyone on an asset team. The
 reserves analysis department provides detailed independent
 review and extensive documentation of the year-end process. Our
 internal processes and controls, as they relate to the year-end
 reserves, are reviewed and updated. The compensation of our
 reserves analysis team is not linked to reserves additions or
 revisions.

 Approximately 93 percent of our total year-end 2010
 domestic proved reserves estimates were audited by NSAI. When
 compared on a
 well-by-well 
 basis, some of our estimates are greater and some are less than
 the NSAI estimates. NSAI is satisfied with our methods and
 procedures in preparing the December 31, 2010 reserves
 estimates and future revenue, and noted nothing of an unusual
 nature that would cause NSAI to take exception with the
 estimates, in the aggregate, as prepared by us.

 In addition, reserves estimates related to properties associated
 with the former Williams Coal Seam Gas Royalty Trust were
 audited by M&#038;L. These properties represent approximately
 one percent of our total domestic proved reserves estimates. The
 Williams Coal Seam Gas Royalty Trust terminated effective
 March 1, 2010 and we purchased all the remaining properties
 from the trust in October 2010.

 The technical person primarily responsible for overseeing
 preparation of the reserves estimates and the third party
 reserves audit is the Director of Reserves and Production
 Services. The Director&#146;s qualifications

 100

 Table of Contents 

 include 28 years of reserves evaluation experience, a B.S.
 in geology from the University of Texas at Austin, an M.S. in
 Physical Sciences from the University of Houston and membership
 in the American Association of Petroleum Geologists and The
 Society of Petroleum Engineers.

 Proved
 undeveloped reserves 

 The majority of our reserves is concentrated in unconventional
 tight-sands, shale and coal bed gas reservoirs. We use available
 geoscience and engineering data to establish drainage areas and
 reservoir continuity beyond one direct offset from a producing
 well, which provides additional proved undeveloped reserves.
 Inherent in the methodology is a requirement for significant
 well density of economically producing wells to establish
 reasonable certainty. In fields where producing wells are less
 concentrated, only direct offsets from proved producing wells
 were assigned the proved undeveloped reserves classification. No
 new technologies were used to assign proved undeveloped reserves.

 At December 31, 2010, our proved undeveloped reserves were
 1,774 Bcfe, a decrease of 94 Bcfe over our
 December 31, 2009 proved undeveloped reserves estimate of
 1,868 Bcfe. During 2010, 280 Bcfe of our
 December 31, 2009 proved undeveloped reserves were
 converted to proved developed reserves at a cost of
 $633 million. An additional 129 Bcfe was added due to
 the development of unproved locations. As of 2010 year-end,
 we have reclassified a net 253 Bcfe from proved to probable
 reserves attributable to locations not expected to be developed
 within five years. These reclassified reserves are predominately
 in the Piceance Basin where we have a large inventory of
 drilling locations and have been offset by the addition of
 342 Bcfe of new proved undeveloped drilling locations.

 All proved undeveloped locations are scheduled to be spud within
 the next five years. Based on current projections, we expect to
 add additional rigs in 2013 in the Piceance Basin. Our
 undeveloped estimate contains 91 Bcfe of aging proved
 undeveloped reserves, or those reserves which are approaching
 the five-year limit before being reclassified to probable
 reserves. The majority of these are scheduled to be spud by
 year-end 2011.

 101

 Table of Contents 

 Oil and
 Gas Properties and Production, Production Prices and Production
 Costs 

 The following table summarizes our net production for the years
 indicated.

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 Production Data: 

 Natural Gas (MMcf)

 U.S.

 Piceance Basin

 241,371

 252,387

 240,285

 Other(1)

 162,571

 171,691

 156,497

 Argentina(2)

 7,304

 7,728

 6,392

 Total

 411,246

 431,806

 403,174

 Oil (MBbls)

 U.S. 

 857

 803

 731

 Argentina(2)

 2,035

 1,998

 1,991

 Total

 2,892

 2,801

 2,722

 Combined Equivalent Volumes (MMcfe)(2)

 428,598

 448,612

 419,506

 Combined Equivalent Volumes (MBoe)

 71,433

 74,769

 69,918

 Average Daily Combined Equivalent Volumes (MMcfe/d)

 U.S.

 Piceance Basin

 674

 703

 666

 Other(1)

 447

 472

 430

 Argentina(2)

 53

 54

 50

 Total

 1,174

 1,229

 1,146

 (1) 

 Excludes production from our Arkoma Basin operations which were
 classified as held for sale and reported as discontinued
 operations as of September 30, 2011 and comprised less than
 one percent of our total production. 

 (2) 

 Includes approximately 69 percent of Apco&#146;s production
 (which corresponds to our ownership interest in Apco) and other
 minor directly held interests. 

 102

 Table of Contents 

 The following tables summarize our domestic sales price and cost
 information for the years indicated.

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 Realized average price per unit(1): 

 Natural gas, without hedges (per Mcf)(2)

 $

 4.33

 $

 3.39

 $

 6.84

 Impact of hedges (per Mcf)(2)

 0.82

 1.45

 0.09

 Natural gas, with hedges (per Mcf)(2)

 $

 5.15

 $

 4.84

 $

 6.93

 Oil, without hedges (per Bbl)

 $

 66.32

 $

 47.39

 $

 84.63

 Impact of hedges (per Bbl)

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Oil, with hedges (per Bbl)

 $

 66.32

 $

 47.39

 $

 84.63

 Price per Boe, without hedges(3)

 $

 26.44

 $

 20.63

 $

 41.52

 Price per Boe, with hedges(3)

 $

 31.32

 $

 29.23

 $

 42.03

 Price per Mcfe, without hedges(3)

 $

 4.41

 $

 3.44

 $

 6.92

 Price per Mcfe, with hedges(3)

 $

 5.22

 $

 4.87

 $

 7.00

 (1) 

 Excludes our Arkoma Basin operations, which were classified as
 held for sale and reported as discontinued operations as of
 September 30, 2011 and comprised less than one percent of
 our total revenues. 

 (2) 

 Includes NGLs. 

 (3) 

 Realized average prices reflect realized market prices, net of
 fuel and shrink. 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 Expenses per Mcfe(1): 

 Operating expenses:

 Lifting costs and workovers

 $

 0.46

 $

 0.39

 $

 0.45

 Facilities operating expense

 0.14

 0.14

 0.15

 Other operating and maintenance

 0.05

 0.05

 0.04

 Total LOE

 $

 0.65

 $

 0.58

 $

 0.64

 Gathering, processing and transportation charges

 0.80

 0.64

 0.57

 Taxes other than income

 0.27

 0.19

 0.60

 Production cost

 $

 1.72

 $

 1.41

 $

 1.81

 General and administrative

 $

 0.60

 $

 0.56

 $

 0.60

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization

 $

 2.10

 $

 2.03

 $

 1.80

 (1) 

 Excludes our Arkoma Basin operations, which were classified as
 held for sale and reported as discontinued operations as of
 September 30, 2011. 

 103

 Table of Contents 

 Productive
 Oil and Gas Wells 

 The table below summarizes 2010 productive wells by area.*

 Gas Wells 

 Gas Wells 

 Oil Wells 

 Oil Wells 

 (Gross) 

 (Net) 

 (Gross) 

 (Net) 

 Piceance Basin

 3,923

 3,587

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Bakken Shale

 &#151;

 &#151;

 19

 13

 Marcellus Shale

 14

 6

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Powder River Basin

 6,404

 2,884

 &#151;

 &#151;

 San Juan Basin

 3,267

 881

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Other(1)

 1,626

 532

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Total

 15,234

 7,890

 19

 13

 * 

 We use the term &#147;gross&#148; to refer to all wells or
 acreage in which we have at least a partial working interest and
 &#147;net&#148; to refer to our ownership represented by that
 working interest. 

 (1) 

 Other includes Barnett Shale, Arkoma and Green River Basins and
 miscellaneous smaller properties. Our Arkoma Basin operations
 were classified as held for sale and reported as discontinued
 operations as of September 30, 2011 and comprised less than
 one percent of our assets. 

 At December 31, 2010, there were 181 gross and
 105 net producing wells with multiple completions.

 Developed
 and Undeveloped Acreage 

 The following table summarizes our leased acreage as of
 December 31, 2010.

 Developed 

 Undeveloped 

 Total 

 Gross Acres 

 Net Acres 

 Gross Acres 

 Net Acres 

 Gross Acres 

 Net Acres 

 Piceance Basin

 133,428

 102,835

 157,017

 108,165

 290,445

 211,000

 Bakken Shale

 16,178

 13,483

 114,245

 75,937

 130,423

 89,420

 Marcellus Shale(1)

 1,828

 914

 108,023

 98,387

 109,851

 99,301

 Powder River Basin

 551,113

 250,179

 399,869

 175,371

 950,982

 425,550

 San Juan Basin

 237,587

 119,422

 2,100

 1,576

 239,687

 120,998

 Other(2)

 149,414

 81,731

 326,778

 241,254

 476,191

 322,986

 Total

 1,089,548

 568,565

 1,108,032

 700,690

 2,197,580

 1,269,255

 (1) 

 Approximately 21 percent of our undeveloped net acres in the
 Marcellus Shale are located in Columbia County. During the nine
 months ended September 30, 2011, we recorded a
 $50 million write-off of leasehold costs associated with
 approximately 65 percent of our Columbia County acreage that we
 no longer plan to develop. 

 (2) 

 Other includes Barnett Shale, Arkoma and Green River Basins,
 other Williston Basin acreage and miscellaneous smaller
 properties. Our Arkoma Basin operations were classified as held
 for sale and reported as discontinued operations as of
 September 30, 2011 and comprised less than one percent of
 our assets. 

 104

 Table of Contents 

 Drilling
 and Exploratory Activities 

 We focus on lower-risk development drilling. Our development
 drilling success rate was approximately 99 percent in each
 of 2010, 2009 and 2008.

 The following table summarizes domestic drilling activity by
 number and type of well for the periods indicated.

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 Gross Wells 

 Net Wells 

 Gross Wells 

 Net Wells 

 Gross Wells 

 Net Wells 

 Piceance Basin

 398

 360

 349

 303

 687

 624

 Bakken Shale

 0

 0

 n/a

 n/a

 n/a

 n/a

 Marcellus Shale

 8

 3

 8

 4

 n/a

 n/a

 Powder River Basin

 531

 242

 233

 95

 702

 324

 San Juan Basin

 43

 15

 77

 39

 95

 37

 Other

 177

 38

 208

 45

 298

 65

 Productive, development

 1,157

 658

 875

 486

 1,782

 1,050

 Productive, exploration

 0

 0

 3

 1

 4

 2

 Total Productive

 1,157

 658

 878

 487

 1,786

 1,052

 Dry, development

 5

 3

 2

 0

 1

 0

 Dry, exploration

 0

 0

 2

 1

 0

 0

 Total Drilled

 1,162

 661

 882

 488

 1,787

 1,052

 (1) 

 Other includes Barnett Shale, Arkoma and Green River Basins and
 miscellaneous smaller properties. 

 In 2010, we drilled five gross nonproductive development wells
 and three net nonproductive development wells. Total gross
 operated wells drilled were 656 in 2010, 472 in 2009 and 1,125
 in 2008.

 Present
 Activities 

 At October 31, 2011, we had 40 gross (21 net) wells in
 the process of being drilled.

 Scheduled
 Lease Expirations 

 Domestic. The table below sets forth, as of
 September 30, 2011, the gross and net acres scheduled to
 expire over the next several years. The acreage will not expire
 if we are able to establish production by drilling wells on the
 lease prior to the expiration date. We expect to hold
 substantially all of the Bakken and Marcellus Shale acreage by
 drilling prior to its expiration. Approximately 80% of the
 acreage shown in the table below as &#147;Other&#148; in 2011
 through 2013 consists of our Arkoma Basin operations which are
 currently held for sale.

 2011 

 2012 

 2013 

 2014 + 

 Total 

 Piceance Basin

 1,681

 5,529

 2,878

 3,766

 13,854

 Bakken Shale

 280

 13,975

 51,143

 7,709

 73,107

 Marcellus Shale

 331

 2,273

 38,682

 56,591

 97,877

 Powder River Basin

 826

 9,556

 15,232

 1,147

 26,761

 San Juan Basin

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Other

 18,586

 11,949

 9,351

 89,626

 129,512

 Total (Gross Acres)

 21,704

 43,282

 117,286

 158,839

 341,111

 105

 Table of Contents 

 2011 

 2012 

 2013 

 2014 + 

 Total 

 Piceance Basin

 1,148

 2,156

 2,182

 3,207

 8,693

 Bakken Shale

 189

 13,362

 49,654

 2,577

 65,782

 Marcellus Shale

 273

 1,756

 30,149

 47,338

 79,516

 Powder River Basin

 466

 3,239

 7,399

 599

 11,703

 San Juan Basin

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Other

 13,879

 9,743

 8,169

 90,589

 122,380

 Total (Net Acres)

 15,955

 30,256

 97,553

 144,310

 288,074

 International. In general, all of our
 concessions have expiration dates of either 2025 or 2026, except
 for two concessions that expire beyond 2030 and four that expire
 in 2015 and 2016. With respect to these four we are negotiating
 ten year extensions for which we have contractual rights. These
 four concessions represent approximately 169,000 acres net
 to Apco or approximately 116,000 acres net to WPX based on
 our 69% ownership in Apco. Our remaining properties in Argentina
 and Colombia are all exploration permits or exploration
 contracts that have much shorter terms and on which we have made
 exploration investment commitments that must be completed. These
 areas will expire in 2011 to 2013 unless discoveries are made.
 There are opportunities to extend exploration terms for a year
 with good technical justification. We can either declare the
 portions of these blocks where we have made discoveries
 commercial and convert that acreage to a concession or
 exploitation acreage with a specified term for production of 25
 to 35 years, or relinquish a portion or the balance of the
 acreage if we are not willing to make further exploration
 commitments.

 Gas
 Management 

 Our sales and marketing activities to date include the sale of
 our natural gas and oil production, in addition to third party
 purchases and subsequent sales to Williams Partners for fuel and
 shrink gas. Following the completion of the spin-off of our
 stock to Williams stockholders, we do not expect to continue to
 provide fuel and shrink gas services to Williams Partners&#146;
 midstream business on a long-term basis. Our sales and marketing
 activities also include the management of various natural gas
 related contracts such as transportation, storage and related
 hedges. We also sell natural gas purchased from working interest
 owners in operated wells and other area third party producers.
 We primarily engage in these activities to enhance the value
 received from the sale of our natural gas and oil production.
 Revenues associated with the sale of our production are recorded
 in oil and gas revenues. The revenues and expenses related to
 other marketing activities are reported on a gross basis as part
 of gas management revenues and costs and expenses.

 Delivery
 Commitments 

 We hold a long-term obligation to deliver on a firm basis
 200,000 MMBtu/d of natural gas to a buyer at the White
 River Hub (Greasewood-Meeker, Colorado), which is the major
 market hub exiting the Piceance Basin. The Piceance, being our
 largest producing basin, generates ample production to fulfill
 this obligation without risk of nonperformance during periods of
 normal infrastructure and market operations. While the daily
 volume of natural gas is large and represents a significant
 percentage of our daily production, this transaction does not
 represent a material exposure. This obligation expires in 2014.

 Purchase
 Commitments 

 In connection with a gathering agreement entered into by
 Williams Partners with a third party in December 2010, we
 concurrently agreed to buy up to 200,000 MMBtu/d of natural
 gas at Transco Station 515 (Marcellus Shale) priced at market
 prices from the same third party. Purchases under the
 12-year 
 contract are expected to begin in the third quarter of 2011. We
 expect to sell this natural gas in the open market and may
 utilize available transportation capacity to facilitate the
 sales.

 106

 Table of Contents 

 Hedging
 Activity 

 To manage the commodity price risk and volatility of owning
 producing natural gas properties, we enter into derivative
 contracts for a portion of our expected future production. See
 further discussion in &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.&#148;

 Customers 

 Oil and gas production is sold through our sales and marketing
 activities to a variety of purchasers under various length
 contracts ranging from one day to multi-year at market based
 prices. Our third party customers include other producers,
 utility companies, power generators, banks, marketing and
 trading companies and midstream service providers. In 2010,
 natural gas sales to BP Energy Company accounted for
 approximately 13 percent of our revenues. We believe that
 the loss of one or more of our current natural gas, oil or NGLs
 purchasers would not have a material adverse effect on our
 ability to sell our production, because any individual purchaser
 could be readily replaced by another purchaser, absent a broad
 market disruption.

 Title to
 Properties 

 Our title to properties is subject to royalty, overriding
 royalty, carried, net profits, working and other similar
 interests and contractual arrangements customary in the natural
 gas and oil industry, to liens for current taxes not yet due and
 to other encumbrances. In addition, leases on Native American
 reservations are subject to Bureau of Indian Affairs and other
 approvals unique to those locations. As is customary in the
 industry in the case of undeveloped properties, a limited
 investigation of record title is made at the time of
 acquisition. Drilling title opinions are usually prepared before
 commencement of drilling operations. We believe we have
 satisfactory title to substantially all of our active properties
 in accordance with standards generally accepted in the natural
 gas and oil industry. Nevertheless, we are involved in title
 disputes from time to time which can result in litigation and
 delay or loss of our ability to realize the benefits of our
 leases.

 Seasonality 

 Generally, the demand for natural gas decreases during the
 spring and fall months and increases during the winter months
 and in some areas during the summer months. Seasonal anomalies
 such as mild winters or hot summers can lessen or intensify this
 fluctuation. Conversely, during extreme weather events such as
 blizzards, hurricanes, or heat waves, pipeline systems can
 become temporary constraints to supply meeting demand thus
 amplifying localized price spikes. In addition, pipelines,
 utilities, local distribution companies and industrial users
 utilize natural gas storage facilities and purchase some of
 their anticipated winter requirements during the warmer months.
 This can lessen seasonal demand fluctuations. World weather and
 resultant prices for liquefied natural gas can also affect
 deliveries of competing liquefied natural gas into this country
 from abroad, affecting the price of domestically produced
 natural gas. In addition, adverse weather conditions can also
 affect our production rates or otherwise disrupt our operations.

 Competition 

 We compete with other oil and gas concerns, including major and
 independent oil and gas companies in the development, production
 and marketing of natural gas. We compete in areas such as
 acquisition of oil and gas properties and obtaining necessary
 equipment, supplies and services. We also compete in recruiting
 and retaining skilled employees.

 In our gas management services business, we compete directly
 with large independent energy marketers, marketing affiliates of
 regulated pipelines and utilities and natural gas producers. We
 also compete with brokerage houses, energy hedge funds and other
 energy-based companies offering similar services.

 Environmental
 Matters and Regulation 

 Our operations are subject to numerous federal, state, local,
 Native American tribal and foreign laws and regulations
 governing the discharge of materials into the environment or
 otherwise relating to environmental

 107

 Table of Contents 

 protection. Applicable U.S. federal environmental laws
 include, but are not limited to, the Comprehensive Environmental
 Response, Compensation and Liability Act (&#147;CERCLA&#148;),
 the Clean Water Act (&#147;CWA&#148;) and the Clean Air Act
 (&#147;CAA&#148;). These laws and regulations govern
 environmental cleanup standards, require permits for air, water,
 underground injection, solid and hazardous waste disposal and
 set environmental compliance criteria. In addition, state and
 local laws and regulations set forth specific standards for
 drilling wells, the maintenance of bonding requirements in order
 to drill or operate wells, the spacing and location of wells,
 the method of drilling and casing wells, the surface use and
 restoration of properties upon which wells are drilled, the
 plugging and abandoning of wells, and the prevention and cleanup
 of pollutants and other matters. We maintain insurance against
 costs of
 clean-up 
 operations, but we are not fully insured against all such risks.
 Additionally, Congress and federal and state agencies frequently
 revise the environmental laws and regulations, and any changes
 that result in delay or more stringent and costly permitting,
 waste handling, disposal and
 clean-up 
 requirements for the oil and gas industry could have a
 significant impact on our operating costs. Although future
 environmental obligations are not expected to have a material
 impact on the results of our operations or financial condition,
 there can be no assurance that future developments, such as
 increasingly stringent environmental laws or enforcement
 thereof, will not cause us to incur material environmental
 liabilities or costs.

 Public and regulatory scrutiny of the energy industry has
 resulted in increased environmental regulation and enforcement
 being either proposed or implemented. For example, in March
 2010, the EPA announced its National Enforcement Initiatives for
 2011 to 2013, which includes the addition of &#147;Energy
 Extraction Activities&#148; to its enforcement priorities list.
 According to the EPA&#146;s website, &#147;some energy
 extraction activities, such as new techniques for oil and gas
 extraction and coal mining, pose a risk of pollution of air,
 surface waters and ground waters if not properly
 controlled.&#148; To address these concerns, the EPA is
 developing an initiative to ensure that energy extraction
 activities are complying with federal environmental
 requirements. This initiative will be focused on those areas of
 the country where energy extraction activities are concentrated,
 and the focus and nature of the enforcement activities will vary
 with the type of activity and the related pollution problem
 presented. This initiative could involve a large scale
 investigation of our facilities and processes, and could lead to
 potential enforcement actions, penalties or injunctive relief
 against us.

 Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in
 the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal fines and
 penalties and the imposition of injunctive relief. Accidental
 releases or spills may occur in the course of our operations,
 and we cannot assure you that we will not incur significant
 costs and liabilities as a result of such releases or spills,
 including any third-party claims for damage to property, natural
 resources or persons. Although we believe that we are in
 substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and
 regulations and that continued compliance with existing
 requirements will not have a material adverse impact on us,
 there can be no assurance that this will continue in the future.

 The environmental laws and regulations that could have a
 material impact on the oil and natural gas exploration and
 production industry and our business are as follows:

 Hazardous Substances and Wastes. CERCLA, also
 known as the &#147;Superfund law,&#148; imposes liability,
 without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct,
 on certain classes of persons that are considered to be
 responsible for the release of a &#147;hazardous substance&#148;
 into the environment. These persons include the owner or
 operator of the disposal site or sites where the release
 occurred and companies that transported or disposed or arranged
 for the transport or disposal of the hazardous substances found
 at the site. Persons who are or were responsible for releases of
 hazardous substances under CERCLA may be subject to joint and
 several liability for the costs of cleaning up the hazardous
 substances that have been released into the environment and for
 damages to natural resources, and it is not uncommon for
 neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims
 for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the
 hazardous substances released into the environment.

 The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (&#147;RCRA&#148;)
 generally does not regulate wastes generated by the exploration
 and production of natural gas and oil. The RCRA specifically
 excludes from the definition of hazardous waste &#147;drilling
 fluids, produced waters and other wastes associated with the
 exploration, development or production of crude oil, natural gas
 or geothermal energy.&#148; However, legislation has been

 108

 Table of Contents 

 proposed in Congress from time to time that would reclassify
 certain natural gas and oil exploration and production wastes as
 &#147;hazardous wastes,&#148; which would make the reclassified
 wastes subject to much more stringent handling, disposal and
 clean-up 
 requirements. If such legislation were to be enacted, it could
 have a significant impact on our operating costs, as well as the
 natural gas and oil industry in general. An environmental
 organization recently petitioned the EPA to reconsider certain
 RCRA exemptions for exploration and production wastes. Moreover,
 ordinary industrial wastes, such as paint wastes, waste
 solvents, laboratory wastes and waste oils, may be regulated as
 hazardous waste.

 We own or lease, and have in the past owned or leased, onshore
 properties that for many years have been used for or associated
 with the exploration and production of natural gas and oil.
 Although we have utilized operating and disposal practices that
 were standard in the industry at the time, hydrocarbons or other
 wastes may have been disposed of or released on or under the
 properties owned or leased by us on or under other locations
 where such wastes have been taken for disposal. In addition, a
 portion of these properties have been operated by third parties
 whose treatment and disposal or release of wastes was not under
 our control. These properties and the wastes disposed thereon
 may be subject to CERCLA, the CWA, the RCRA and analogous state
 laws. Under such laws, we could be required to remove or
 remediate previously disposed wastes (including waste disposed
 of or released by prior owners or operators) or property
 contamination (including groundwater contamination by prior
 owners or operators), or to perform remedial plugging or closure
 operations to prevent future contamination.

 Waste Discharges. The CWA and analogous state
 laws impose restrictions and strict controls with respect to the
 discharge of pollutants, including spills and leaks of oil and
 other substances, into waters of the United States. The
 discharge of pollutants into regulated waters is prohibited,
 except in accordance with the terms of a permit issued by the
 EPA or an analogous state agency. The CWA and regulations
 implemented thereunder also prohibit the discharge of dredge and
 fill material into regulated waters, including jurisdictional
 wetlands, unless authorized by an appropriately issued permit.
 Spill prevention, control and countermeasure requirements of
 federal laws require appropriate containment berms and similar
 structures to help prevent the contamination of navigable waters
 by a petroleum hydrocarbon tank spill, rupture or leak. In
 addition, the CWA and analogous state laws require individual
 permits or coverage under general permits for discharges of
 storm water runoff from certain types of facilities. Federal and
 state regulatory agencies can impose administrative, civil and
 criminal penalties as well as other enforcement mechanisms for
 non-compliance with discharge permits or other requirements of
 the CWA and analogous state laws and regulations. In 2007, 2008
 and 2010, we received three separate information requests from
 the EPA pursuant to Section 308 of the CWA. The information
 requests required us to provide the EPA with information about
 releases at three of our facilities and our compliance with
 spill prevention, control and countermeasure requirements. We
 have responded to these information requests and no proceeding
 or enforcement actions have been initiated. We believe that our
 operations are in substantial compliance with the CWA.

 On April 25, 2011, the EPA issued for public comment a new
 draft general permit for stormwater discharges from construction
 activities involving more than one acre. The EPA is developing
 this draft construction general permit (&#147;CGP&#148;) to
 implement the new Effluent Limitations Guidelines and New Source
 Performance Standards for the Construction and Development
 Industry. The EPA has extended the existing permit until
 February 15, 2012. When the EPA finalizes the new CGP,
 likely in early January 2012, operators of construction
 activities will be subject to significantly more stringent
 erosion and sediment control, inspection, and monitoring
 requirements.

 Air Emissions. The CAA and associated state
 laws and regulations restricts the emission of air pollutants
 from many sources, including oil and gas operations. New
 facilities may be required to obtain permits before construction
 can begin, and existing facilities may be required to obtain
 additional permits and incur capital costs in order to remain in
 compliance. More stringent regulations governing emissions of
 toxic air pollutants and greenhouse gases (&#147;GHGs&#148;)
 have been developed by the EPA and may increase the costs of
 compliance for some facilities.

 Oil Pollution Act. The Oil Pollution Act of
 1990, as amended (&#147;OPA&#148;) and regulations thereunder
 impose a variety of requirements on &#147;responsible
 parties&#148; related to the prevention of oil spills and
 liability for

 109

 Table of Contents 

 damages resulting from such spills in United States waters. A
 &#147;responsible party&#148; includes the owner or operator of
 an onshore facility, pipeline or vessel, or the lessee or
 permittee of the area in which an offshore facility is located.
 OPA assigns liability to each responsible party for oil cleanup
 costs and a variety of public and private damages. While
 liability limits apply in some circumstances, a party cannot
 take advantage of liability limits if the spill was caused by
 gross negligence or willful misconduct or resulted from
 violation of a federal safety, construction or operating
 regulation. If the party fails to report a spill or to cooperate
 fully in the cleanup, liability limits likewise do not apply.
 Few defenses exist to the liability imposed by OPA. OPA imposes
 ongoing requirements on a responsible party, including the
 preparation of oil spill response plans and proof of financial
 responsibility to cover environmental cleanup and restoration
 costs that could be incurred in connection with an oil spill.

 National Environmental Policy Act. Oil and
 natural gas exploration and production activities on federal
 lands are subject to the National Environmental Policy Act
 (&#147;NEPA&#148;). NEPA requires federal agencies, including
 the Department of Interior, to evaluate major agency actions
 having the potential to significantly impact the environment.
 The process involves the preparation of either an environmental
 assessment or environmental impact statement depending on
 whether the specific circumstances surrounding the proposed
 federal action will have a significant impact on the human
 environment. The NEPA process involves public input through
 comments which can alter the nature of a proposed project either
 by limiting the scope of the project or requiring
 resource-specific mitigation. NEPA decisions can be appealed
 through the court system by process participants. This process
 may result in delaying the permitting and development of
 projects, increase the costs of permitting and developing some
 facilities and could result in certain instances in the
 cancellation of existing leases.

 Endangered Species Act. The Endangered Species
 Act (&#147;ESA&#148;) restricts activities that may affect
 endangered or threatened species or their habitats. While some
 of our operations may be located in areas that are designated as
 habitats for endangered or threatened species, we believe that
 we are in substantial compliance with the ESA. However, the
 designation of previously unidentified endangered or threatened
 species could cause us to incur additional costs or become
 subject to operating restrictions or bans in the affected states.

 Worker Safety. The Occupational Safety and
 Health Act (&#147;OSHA&#148;) and comparable state statutes
 regulate the protection of the health and safety of workers. The
 OSHA hazard communication standard requires maintenance of
 information about hazardous materials used or produced in
 operations and provision of such information to employees. Other
 OSHA standards regulate specific worker safety aspects of our
 operations. Failure to comply with OSHA requirements can lead to
 the imposition of penalties.

 Safe Drinking Water Act. The Safe Drinking
 Water Act (&#147;SDWA&#148;) and comparable state statutes
 restrict the disposal, treatment or release of water produced or
 used during oil and gas development. Subsurface emplacement of
 fluids (including disposal wells or enhanced oil recovery) is
 governed by federal or state regulatory authorities that, in
 some cases, includes the state oil and gas regulatory authority
 or the state&#146;s environmental authority. These regulations
 may increase the costs of compliance for some facilities.

 Hydraulic Fracturing. We use hydraulic
 fracturing as a means to maximize the productivity of our oil
 and gas wells in all of the domestic basins in which we operate
 other than the Arkoma and Powder River Basins. Our net acreage
 position in the basins in which hydraulic fracturing is utilized
 total approximately 550,000 acres and represents
 approximately 94% of our domestic proved undeveloped oil and gas
 reserves. Although average drilling and completion costs for
 each basin will vary, as will the cost of each well within a
 given basin, on average approximately 31% of the drilling and
 completion costs for each of our wells for which we use
 hydraulic fracturing is associated with hydraulic fracturing
 activities. These costs are treated in the same way that all
 other costs of drilling and completion of our wells are treated
 and are built into and funded through our normal capital
 expenditure budget.

 The protection of groundwater quality is extremely important to
 us. We follow applicable standard industry practices and legal
 requirements for groundwater protection in our operations. These
 measures are subject to close supervision by state and federal
 regulators (including the BLM with respect to federal acreage),
 which conduct many inspections during operations that include
 hydraulic fracturing. Industry

 110

 Table of Contents 

 standards and legal requirements for groundwater protection
 focus on five principal areas: (i) pressure testing of well
 construction and integrity, (ii) lining of pits used to
 hold water and other fluids used in the drilling process
 isolated from surface water and groundwater, (iii) casing
 and cementing practices for wells to ensure separation of the
 production zone from groundwater, (iv) disclosure of the
 chemical content of fracturing liquids, and (v) setback
 requirements as to the location of waste disposal areas. The
 legal requirements relating to the protection of surface water
 and groundwater vary from state to state and there are also
 federal regulations and guidance that apply to all domestic
 drilling. In addition, the American Petroleum Institute
 publishes industry standards and guidance for hydraulic
 fracturing and the protection of surface water and groundwater.
 Our policy and practice is to follow all applicable guidelines
 and regulations in the areas where we conduct hydraulic
 fracturing.

 In addition to the required use of and specifications for casing
 and cement in well construction, there are additional regulatory
 requirements and best practices that we follow to ensure
 wellbore integrity and full isolation of any underground
 aquifers and protection of surface waters. These include the
 following:

 &#149; 

 Prior to perforating the production casing and hydraulic
 fracturing operations, the casing is pressure tested.

 &#149; 

 Before the fracturing operation commences, all surface equipment
 is pressure tested, which includes the wellhead and all
 pressurized lines and connections leading from the pumping
 equipment to the wellhead. During the pumping phases of the
 hydraulic fracturing treatment, specialized equipment is
 utilized to monitor and record surface pressures, pumping rates,
 volumes and chemical concentrations to ensure the treatment is
 proceeding as designed and the wellbore integrity is sound.
 Should any problem be detected during the hydraulic fracturing
 treatment, the operation is shut down until the problem is
 evaluated, reported and remediated.

 &#149; 

 As a means to protect against the negative impacts of any
 potential surface release of fluids associated with the
 hydraulic fracturing operation, special precautions are taken to
 ensure proper containment and storage of fluids. For example,
 any earthen pits containing non-fresh water must be lined with a
 synthetic impervious liner. These pits are tested regularly, and
 in certain sensitive areas have additional leak detection
 systems in place. At least two feet of freeboard, or available
 capacity, must be present in the pit at all times. In addition,
 earthen berms are constructed around any storage tanks, any
 fluid handling equipment, and in some cases around the perimeter
 of the location to contain any fluid releases. These berms are
 considered to be a &#147;secondary&#148; form of containment and
 serve as an added measure for the protection of groundwater.

 &#149; 

 We conduct baseline water monitoring in many of the basins in
 which we use hydraulic fracturing:

 &#149; 

 In Colorado, baseline water monitoring may be required by the
 Colorado Oil and Gas Conservation Commission (&#147;COGCC&#148;)
 or BLM as a condition of approval for the drilling permit, but
 otherwise it is not a requirement. The industry is currently
 working with the COGCC in preparing a voluntary baseline water
 monitoring program by basin. The Company has committed to this
 program that will likely go into effect later in 2011.

 &#149; 

 In the Barnett Shale, and with landowner approval, we perform
 water monitoring of fresh water wells within an agreed upon
 distance on a voluntary basis, even though not required by state
 regulation.

 &#149; 

 In Pennsylvania, we perform baseline water monitoring pursuant
 to Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection
 requirements.

 &#149; 

 There are currently no regulatory requirements to conduct
 baseline water monitoring in the Bakken Shale or the
 San Juan Basin. We plan to begin voluntarily conducting
 water monitoring in the Bakken Shale. The majority of our assets
 in the San Juan Basin are on federal lands, and there are
 few cases where water wells are within one to two miles of our
 wells, which is outside the range that we would typically sample.

 111

 Table of Contents 

 Once a pipe is set in place, cement is pumped into the well
 where it hardens and creates a permanent, isolating barrier
 between the steel casing pipe and surrounding geological
 formations. This aspect of the well design essentially
 eliminates a &#147;pathway&#148; for the fracturing fluid to
 contact any aquifers during the hydraulic fracturing operations.
 Furthermore, in the basins in which we conduct hydraulic
 fracturing, the hydrocarbon bearing formations are separated
 from any usable underground aquifers by thousands of feet of
 impermeable rock layers. This wide separation serves as a
 protective barrier, preventing any migration of fracturing
 fluids or hydrocarbons upwards into any groundwater zones.

 In addition, the vendors we employ to conduct hydraulic
 fracturing are required to monitor all pump rates and pressures
 during the fracturing treatments. This monitoring occurs on a
 real-time basis and data is recorded to ensure protection of
 groundwater.

 The cement and steel casing used in well construction can have
 rare failures. Any failure in isolation is reported to the
 applicable oil and gas regulatory body. A remediation procedure
 is written and approved and then completed on the well before
 any further operations or production is commenced. Possible
 isolation failures may result from:

 &#149; 

 Improper cementing work. This can create
 conditions in which hydraulic fracturing fluids and other
 natural occurring substances can migrate into the surrounding
 geological formation. Production casing cementing tops and
 cement bond effectiveness are evaluated using either a
 temperature log or an acoustical cement bond log prior to any
 completion operations. If the cement bond or cement top is
 determined to be inadequate for zone isolation, remedial
 cementing operations are performed to fill any voids and
 re-establish integrity. As part of this remedial operation, the
 casing is again pressure tested before fracturing operations are
 initiated.

 &#149; 

 Initial casing integrity failure. The casing
 is pressure tested prior to commencing completion operations. If
 the test fails due to a compromise in the casing, the applicable
 oil and gas regulatory body will be notified and a remediation
 procedure will be written, approved, and completed before any
 further operations are conducted. In addition, casing pressures
 are monitored throughout the fracturing treatment and any
 indication of failure will result in an immediate shutdown of
 the operation.

 &#149; 

 Well failure or casing integrity failure during
 production . Loss of wellbore integrity can occur
 over time even if the well was correctly constructed due to
 downhole operating environments causing corrosion and stress.
 During production, the bradenhead, casing, and tubing pressures
 are monitored and a casing failure can be identified and
 evaluated. Remediation could include placing additional cement
 behind casing, installing a casing patch, or plugging and
 abandoning the well, if necessary.

 &#149; 

 &#147;Fluid leakoff&#148; during the fracturing
 process . Fluid leakoff can occur during hydraulic
 fracturing operations whereby some of the hydraulic fracturing
 fluid flows through the artificially created fractures into the
 micropore or pore spaces within the formation, existing natural
 factures in the formation, or small fractures opened into the
 formation by the pressure in the induced fracture. Fluid leakoff
 is accounted for in the volume design of nearly every fracturing
 job and &#147;pump-in&#148; tests are often conducted prior to
 fracturing jobs to estimate the extent of fluid leakoff. In
 certain situations, a very fine grain sand is added in the
 initial part of the treatment to seal-off any small fractures of
 micropore spaces and mitigate fluid leak-off.

 Approximately 99% of hydraulic fracturing fluids are made up of
 water and sand. We utilize major hydraulic fracturing service
 companies whose research departments conduct ongoing development
 of &#147;greener&#148; chemicals that are used in fracturing. We
 evaluate, test, and where appropriate adopt those products that
 are more environmentally friendly. We have also chosen to
 participate in a voluntary fracturing chemical registry that is
 a public website: www.fracfocus.org at which interested persons
 can find out information about fracturing fluids. This registry
 is a joint project of the Ground Water Protection Council and
 the Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission and provides our
 industry with an avenue to voluntarily disclose chemicals used
 in the hydraulic fracturing process. The Company registered with
 the FracFocus Chemical Disclosure Registry in April 2011 and
 began uploading data when the registry went live on
 April 11, 2011. To date, we

 112

 Table of Contents 

 have loaded data on 248 wells. We plan to add all wells
 fractured since January 1, 2011 to the site. Consistent
 with other industry participants, we are not planning to add
 data on wells drilled prior to 2011. The information included on
 this website is not incorporated by reference in this
 information statement.

 We currently recycle over 90% of the water recovered from our
 operations in the Piceance Basin and the Marcellus Shale. This
 recycling greatly lessens the demand on local natural water
 resources. We recycled more than 30,000 barrels of water
 per day on average in 2010. Across all areas where we conduct
 hydraulic fracturing operations, approximately 9.6 million
 barrels of water (53,000 barrels of water per day) were
 used during the first six months of 2011 in our hydraulic
 fracturing activities. We recover approximately 80% of this
 volume during the first one to two months of flowback and
 production with small additional volumes recovered over longer
 time frames. Any water from our hydraulic fracturing operations
 that is not recycled is disposed of in a way that does not
 impact surface waters.

 Despite our efforts to minimize impacts on the environment from
 hydraulic fracturing activities, in light of the volume of our
 hydraulic fracturing activities, we have occasionally been
 engaged in litigation and received requests for information,
 notices of alleged violation, and citations related to the
 activities of our hydraulic fracturing vendors, none of which
 has resulted in any material costs or penalties.

 Recently, there has been a heightened debate over whether the
 fluids used in hydraulic fracturing may contaminate drinking
 water supply and proposals have been made to revisit the
 environmental exemption for hydraulic fracturing under the SDWA
 or to enact separate federal legislation or legislation at the
 state and local government levels that would regulate hydraulic
 fracturing. Both the United States House of Representatives and
 Senate are considering Fracturing Responsibility and Awareness
 of Chemicals Act (&#147;FRAC Act&#148;) bills and a number of
 states, including states in which we have operations, are
 looking to more closely regulate hydraulic fracturing due to
 concerns about water supply. A committee of the U.S. House
 of Representatives is also conducting an investigation of
 hydraulic fracturing practices. The recent congressional
 legislative efforts seek to regulate hydraulic fracturing to
 Underground Injection Control program requirements, which would
 significantly increase well capital costs. If the exemption for
 hydraulic fracturing is removed from the SDWA, or if the FRAC
 Act or other legislation is enacted at the federal, state or
 local level, any restrictions on the use of hydraulic fracturing
 contained in any such legislation could have a significant
 impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

 Federal agencies are also considering regulation of hydraulic
 fracturing. The EPA recently asserted federal regulatory
 authority over hydraulic fracturing involving diesel additives
 under the SDWA&#146;s Underground Injection Control Program.
 While the EPA has yet to take any action to enforce or implement
 this newly asserted regulatory authority, the EPA&#146;s
 interpretation without formal rule making has been challenged
 and industry groups have filed suit challenging the EPA&#146;s
 interpretation. If the EPA prevails in this lawsuit, its
 interpretation could result in enforcement actions against
 service providers or companies that used diesel products in the
 hydraulic fracturing process or could require such providers or
 companies to conduct additional studies regarding diesel in the
 groundwater. Furthermore, the State of Colorado, in response to
 an EPA request, has asked companies operating in Colorado,
 including us, to report whether diesel products were used in the
 hydraulic fracturing process from 2004 to 2009. In response to
 this inquiry we consulted our service providers and reported to
 the State of Colorado that at least nine wells were subject to
 hydraulic fracturing utilizing fluids that contained chemical
 products that contained diesel fuel as a component. The State of
 Colorado may conduct additional investigations related to this
 inquiry. Any enforcement actions or requirements of additional
 studies or investigations by the EPA or the State of Colorado
 could increase our operating costs and cause delays or
 interruptions of our operations.

 On October 21, 2011, the EPA announced its intention to
 propose regulation by 2014 under the CWA to regulate wastewater
 discharges from hydraulic fracturing and other natural gas
 production. The EPA is also collecting information as part of a
 study into the effects of hydraulic fracturing on drinking
 water. The results of this study, expected in late 2012, could
 result in additional regulations, which could lead to
 operational burdens similar to those described above. In
 connection with the EPA study, we have received a request for
 information from the EPA for 52 of our wells located in various
 basins that have been hydraulically fractured. The requested
 information covers well design, construction and completion
 practices, among other things. We

 113

 Table of Contents 

 understand that similar requests were sent to eight other
 companies that own or operate wells that utilized hydraulic
 fracturing.

 In addition to the EPA study, the Shale Gas Subcommittee of the
 Secretary of Energy Advisory Board issued a report on hydraulic
 fracturing in August 2011. The report concludes that the risk of
 fracturing fluids contaminating drinking water sources through
 fractures in the shale formations &#147;is remote.&#148; It also
 states that development of the nation&#146;s shale resources has
 produced major economic benefits. The report includes
 recommendations to address concerns related to hydraulic
 fracturing and shale gas production, including but not limited
 to conducting additional field studies on possible methane
 leakage from shale gas wells to water reservoirs and adopting
 new rules and enforcement practices to protect drinking and
 surface waters. The Government Accountability Office is also
 examining the environmental impacts of produced water and the
 Counsel for Environmental Quality has been petitioned by
 environmental groups to develop a programmatic environmental
 impact statement under NEPA for hydraulic fracturing. The United
 States Department of the Interior is also considering whether to
 impose disclosure requirements or other mandates for hydraulic
 fracturing on federal land.

 Several states, including Pennsylvania, Texas, Colorado, North
 Dakota and New Mexico, have adopted or are considering adopting,
 regulations that could restrict or impose additional
 requirements related to hydraulic fracturing. For example, on
 June 17, 2011, Texas signed into law a mandate for public
 disclosure of the chemicals that operators use during hydraulic
 fracturing in Texas. The Texas Railroad Commission stated that
 it intends to finalize Statewide Rule 29 by January 2012.
 Pennsylvania also requires that detailed information be
 disclosed regarding the hydraulic fracturing fluids, including
 but not limited to, a list of chemical additives, volume of each
 chemical added, and list of chemicals in the material safety
 data sheets. Since June 2009, Colorado has required all
 operators to maintain a chemical inventory by well site for each
 chemical product used downhole or stored for use downhole during
 drilling, completion and workover operations, including fracture
 stimulation in an amount exceeding 500 pounds during any
 quarterly reporting period. Colorado&#146;s draft hydraulic
 fracturing public disclosure rules are now available for public
 review on the COGCC&#146;s website. Disclosure of chemicals used
 in the hydraulic fracturing process could make it easier for
 third parties opposing the hydraulic fracturing process to
 initiate legal proceedings based on allegations that specific
 chemicals used in the fracturing process could adversely affect
 groundwater.

 In addition, at least three local governments in Texas have
 imposed temporary moratoria on drilling permits within city
 limits so that local ordinances may be reviewed to assess their
 adequacy to address such activities, while some state and local
 governments in the Marcellus Shale have considered or imposed
 temporary moratoria on drilling operations using hydraulic
 fracturing until further study of the potential environmental
 and human health impacts by the EPA or the relative state
 agencies are completed. Additionally, publicly operated
 treatment works facilities in Pennsylvania have ceased taking
 wastewater from hydraulic fracturing operations, and we are now
 recycling this wastewater and utilizing it in subsequent
 hydraulic fracturing operations. At this time, it is not
 possible to estimate the potential impact on our business of
 these state and local actions or the enactment of additional
 federal or state legislation or regulations affecting hydraulic
 fracturing.

 Global Warming and Climate Change. Recent
 scientific studies have suggested that emissions of GHGs,
 including carbon dioxide and methane, may be contributing to
 warming of the earth&#146;s atmosphere. Both houses of Congress
 have previously considered legislation to reduce emissions of
 GHGs, and almost one-half of the states have already taken legal
 measures to reduce emissions of GHGs, primarily through the
 planned development of GHG emission inventories
 and/or 
 regional GHG cap and trade programs. The EPA has begun to
 regulate GHG emissions. On December 15, 2009, the EPA
 published its findings that emissions of GHGs present an
 endangerment to public heath and the environment. These findings
 allow the EPA to adopt and implement regulations that would
 restrict emissions of GHGs under existing provisions of the CAA.
 The EPA has adopted two sets of regulations under the CAA. The
 first limits emissions of GHGs from motor vehicles beginning
 with the 2012 model year. The EPA has asserted that these final
 motor vehicle GHG emission standards trigger CAA construction
 and operating permit requirements for stationary sources,
 commencing when the motor vehicle standards take effect on
 January 2, 2011. On June 3, 2010, the EPA published
 its final rule to address the permitting of GHG emissions from
 stationary sources under the Prevention of Significant

 114

 Table of Contents 

 Deterioration and Title V permitting programs. This rule
 &#147;tailors&#148; these permitting programs to apply to
 certain stationary sources of GHG emissions in a multi-step
 process, with the largest sources first subject to permitting.
 Most recently, on November 30, 2010, the EPA published its
 final rule expanding the existing GHG monitoring and reporting
 rule to include onshore and offshore oil and natural gas
 production facilities and onshore oil and natural gas
 processing, transmission, storage, and distribution facilities.
 Reporting of GHG emissions from such facilities will be required
 on an annual basis, with reporting beginning in 2012 for
 emissions occurring in 2011. We are required to report our GHG
 emissions under this rule but are not subject to GHG permitting
 requirements. Several of the EPA&#146;s GHG rules are being
 challenged in court proceedings and depending on the outcome of
 such proceedings, such rules may be modified or rescinded or the
 EPA could develop new rules.

 Because regulation of GHG emissions is relatively new, further
 regulatory, legislative and judicial developments are likely to
 occur. Such developments may affect how these GHG initiatives
 will impact our operations. In addition to these regulatory
 developments, recent judicial decisions have allowed certain
 tort claims alleging property damage to proceed against GHG
 emissions sources may increase our litigation risk for such
 claims. New legislation or regulatory programs that restrict
 emissions of or require inventory of GHGs in areas where we
 operate have adversely affected or will adversely affect our
 operations by increasing costs. The cost increases so far have
 resulted from costs associated with inventorying our GHG
 emissions, and further costs may result from the potential new
 requirements to obtain GHG emissions permits, install additional
 emission control equipment and an increased monitoring and
 record-keeping burden.

 Legislation or regulations that may be adopted to address
 climate change could also affect the markets for our products by
 making our products more or less desirable than competing
 sources of energy. To the extent that our products are competing
 with higher GHG emitting energy sources such as coal, our
 products would become more desirable in the market with more
 stringent limitations on GHG emissions. To the extent that our
 products are competing with lower GHG emitting energy sources
 such as solar and wind, our products would become less desirable
 in the market with more stringent limitations on GHG emissions.
 We cannot predict with any certainty at this time how these
 possibilities may affect our operations.

 Finally, it should be noted that some scientists have concluded
 that increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth&#146;s
 atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant
 physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of
 storms, floods and other climatic events. If any such effects
 were to occur, they could adversely affect or delay demand for
 the oil or natural gas or otherwise cause us to incur
 significant costs in preparing for or responding to those
 effects.

 Foreign Operations. Our exploration and
 production operations outside the United States are subject to
 various types of regulations similar to those described above
 imposed by the governments of the countries in which we operate,
 and may affect our operations and costs within those countries.
 For example, the Argentine Department of Energy and the
 government of the provinces in which Apco&#146;s oil and gas
 producing concessions are located have environmental control
 policies and regulations that must be adhered to when conducting
 oil and gas exploration and exploitation activities. Future
 environmental regulation of certain aspects of our operations in
 Argentina and Columbia that are currently unregulated and
 changes in the laws or regulations could materially affect our
 financial condition and results of operations.

 Other
 Regulation of the Oil and Gas Industry 

 The oil and natural gas industry is extensively regulated by
 numerous federal, state, local and foreign authorities,
 including Native American tribes in the United States.
 Legislation affecting the oil and natural gas industry is under
 constant review for amendment or expansion, frequently
 increasing the regulatory burden. Also, numerous departments and
 agencies, both federal and state, and Native American tribes are
 authorized by statute to issue rules and regulations binding on
 the oil and natural gas industry and its individual members,
 some of which carry substantial penalties for noncompliance.
 Although the regulatory burden on the oil and natural gas
 industry increases our cost of doing business and, consequently,
 affects our profitability, these burdens generally do not affect
 us any differently or to any greater or lesser extent than they
 affect other companies in the industry with similar types,
 quantities and locations of production.

 115

 Table of Contents 

 The availability, terms and cost of transportation significantly
 affect sales of oil and natural gas. The interstate
 transportation and sale for resale of oil and natural gas is
 subject to federal regulation, including regulation of the
 terms, conditions and rates for interstate transportation,
 storage and various other matters, primarily by the FERC.
 Federal and state regulations govern the price and terms for
 access to oil and natural gas pipeline transportation. The
 FERC&#146;s regulations for interstate oil and natural gas
 transmission in some circumstances may also affect the
 intrastate transportation of oil and natural gas.

 Although oil and natural gas prices are currently unregulated,
 Congress historically has been active in the area of oil and
 natural gas regulation. We cannot predict whether new
 legislation to regulate oil and natural gas might be proposed,
 what proposals, if any, might actually be enacted by Congress or
 the various state legislatures, and what effect, if any, the
 proposals might have on our operations. Sales of condensate and
 oil and NGLs are not currently regulated and are made at market
 prices.

 Drilling
 and Production 

 Our operations are subject to various types of regulation at
 federal, state, local and Native American tribal levels. These
 types of regulation include requiring permits for the drilling
 of wells, drilling bonds and reports concerning operations. Most
 states, and some counties, municipalities and Native American
 tribal areas where we operate also regulate one or more of the
 following activities:

 &#149; 

 the location of wells;

 &#149; 

 the method of drilling and casing wells;

 &#149; 

 the timing of construction or drilling activities including
 seasonal wildlife closures;

 &#149; 

 the employment of tribal members or use of tribal owned service
 businesses;

 &#149; 

 the rates of production or &#147;allowables;&#148;

 &#149; 

 the surface use and restoration of properties upon which wells
 are drilled;

 &#149; 

 the plugging and abandoning of wells; and

 &#149; 

 the notice to surface owners and other third parties.

 State laws regulate the size and shape of drilling and spacing
 units or proration units governing the pooling of oil and
 natural gas properties. Some states allow forced pooling or
 integration of tracts to facilitate exploration while other
 states rely on voluntary pooling of lands and leases. In some
 instances, forced pooling or unitization may be implemented by
 third parties and may reduce our interest in the unitized
 properties. In addition, state conservation laws establish
 maximum rates of production from oil and natural gas wells,
 generally prohibit the venting or flaring of natural gas and
 impose requirements regarding the ratability of production.
 These laws and regulations may limit the amount of oil and
 natural gas we can produce from our wells or limit the number of
 wells or the locations at which we can drill. Moreover, each
 state generally imposes a production or severance tax with
 respect to the production and sale of natural gas, oil and NGLs
 within its jurisdiction. States do not regulate wellhead prices
 or engage in other similar direct regulation, but there can be
 no assurance that they will not do so in the future. The effect
 of such future regulations may be to limit the amounts of oil
 and gas that may be produced from our wells, negatively affect
 the economics of production from these wells, or to limit the
 number of locations we can drill.

 Federal, state and local regulations provide detailed
 requirements for the abandonment of wells, closure or
 decommissioning of production facilities and pipelines, and for
 site restoration, in areas where we operate. The New Mexico Oil
 Conservation requires the posting of performance bonds to
 fulfill financial requirements for owners and operators on state
 land. The Corps and many other state and local authorities also
 have regulations for plugging and abandonment, decommissioning
 and site restoration. Although the Corps does not require bonds
 or other financial assurances, some state agencies and
 municipalities do have such requirements.

 Natural
 Gas Sales and Transportation 

 Historically, federal legislation and regulatory controls have
 affected the price of the natural gas we produce and the manner
 in which we market our production. The FERC has jurisdiction
 over the transportation and sale for resale of natural gas in
 interstate commerce by natural gas companies under the

 116

 Table of Contents 

 Natural Gas Act of 1938 and the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978.
 Various federal laws enacted since 1978 have resulted in the
 complete removal of all price and non-price controls for sales
 of domestic natural gas sold in first sales, which include all
 of our sales of our own production. Under the Energy Policy Act
 of 2005, the FERC has substantial enforcement authority to
 prohibit the manipulation of natural gas markets and enforce its
 rules and orders, including the ability to assess substantial
 civil penalties.

 The FERC also regulates interstate natural gas transportation
 rates and service conditions and establishes the terms under
 which we may use interstate natural gas pipeline capacity, which
 affects the marketing of natural gas that we produce, as well as
 the revenues we receive for sales of our natural gas and release
 of our natural gas pipeline capacity. Commencing in 1985, the
 FERC promulgated a series of orders, regulations and rule
 makings that significantly fostered competition in the business
 of transporting and marketing gas. Today, interstate pipeline
 companies are required to provide nondiscriminatory
 transportation services to producers, marketers and other
 shippers, regardless of whether such shippers are affiliated
 with an interstate pipeline company. The FERC&#146;s initiatives
 have led to the development of a competitive, open access market
 for natural gas purchases and sales that permits all purchasers
 of natural gas to buy gas directly from third-party sellers
 other than pipelines. However, the natural gas industry
 historically has been very heavily regulated; therefore, we
 cannot guarantee that the less stringent regulatory approach
 currently pursued by the FERC and Congress will continue
 indefinitely into the future nor can we determine what effect,
 if any, future regulatory changes might have on our natural gas
 related activities.

 Under the FERC&#146;s current regulatory regime, transmission
 services must be provided on an open-access, nondiscriminatory
 basis at cost-based rates or at market-based rates if the
 transportation market at issue is sufficiently competitive.
 Gathering service, which occurs upstream of jurisdictional
 transmission services, is regulated by the states onshore and in
 state waters. Although its policy is still in flux, the FERC has
 in the past reclassified certain jurisdictional transmission
 facilities as non-jurisdictional gathering facilities, which has
 the tendency to increase our costs of transporting gas to
 point-of-sale 
 locations.

 Oil Sales
 and Transportation 

 Sales of crude oil, condensate and NGLs are not currently
 regulated and are made at negotiated prices. Nevertheless,
 Congress could reenact price controls in the future.

 Our crude oil sales are affected by the availability, terms and
 cost of transportation. The transportation of oil in common
 carrier pipelines is also subject to rate regulation. The FERC
 regulates interstate oil pipeline transportation rates under the
 Interstate Commerce Act and intrastate oil pipeline
 transportation rates are subject to regulation by state
 regulatory commissions. The basis for intrastate oil pipeline
 regulation, and the degree of regulatory oversight and scrutiny
 given to intrastate oil pipeline rates, varies from state to
 state. Insofar as effective interstate and intrastate rates are
 equally applicable to all comparable shippers, we believe that
 the regulation of oil transportation rates will not affect our
 operations in any way that is of material difference from those
 of our competitors.

 Further, interstate and intrastate common carrier oil pipelines
 must provide service on a non-discriminatory basis. Under this
 open access standard, common carriers must offer service to all
 shippers requesting service on the same terms and under the same
 rates. When oil pipelines operate at full capacity, access is
 governed by prorationing provisions set forth in the
 pipelines&#146; published tariffs. Accordingly, we believe that
 access to oil pipeline transportation services generally will be
 available to us to the same extent as to our competitors.

 Operation
 on Native American Reservations 

 A portion of our leases are, and some of our future leases may
 be, regulated by Native American tribes. In addition to
 regulation by various federal, state, local and foreign agencies
 and authorities, an entirely separate and distinct set of laws
 and regulations applies to lessees, operators and other parties
 within the boundaries of Native American reservations in the
 United States. Various federal agencies within the
 U.S. Department of the Interior, particularly the Bureau of
 Indian Affairs, the Office of Natural Resources Revenue and BLM,
 and the EPA, together with each Native American tribe,
 promulgate and enforce regulations pertaining to oil and gas
 operations on Native American reservations. These regulations
 include

 117

 Table of Contents 

 lease provisions, royalty matters, drilling and production
 requirements, environmental standards, Tribal employment
 contractor preferences and numerous other matters.

 Native American tribes are subject to various federal statutes
 and oversight by the Bureau of Indian Affairs and BLM. However,
 each Native American tribe is a sovereign nation and has the
 right to enact and enforce certain other laws and regulations
 entirely independent from federal, state and local statutes and
 regulations, as long as they do not supersede or conflict with
 such federal statutes. These tribal laws and regulations include
 various fees, taxes, requirements to employ Native American
 tribal members or use tribal owned service businesses and
 numerous other conditions that apply to lessees, operators and
 contractors conducting operations within the boundaries of a
 Native American reservation. Further, lessees and operators
 within a Native American reservation are subject to the Native
 American tribal court system, unless there is a specific waiver
 of sovereign immunity by the Native American tribe allowing
 resolution of disputes between the Native American tribe and
 those lessees or operators to occur in federal or state court.

 Therefore, we are subject to various laws and regulations
 pertaining to Native American tribal surface ownership, Native
 American oil and gas leases, fees, taxes and other burdens,
 obligations and issues unique to oil and gas ownership and
 operations within Native American reservations. One or more of
 these requirements, or delays in obtaining necessary approvals
 or permits pursuant to these regulations, may increase our costs
 of doing business on Native American tribal lands and have an
 impact on the economic viability of any well or project on those
 lands.

 Employees 

 At September 30, 2011, Williams had 1,073 full-time
 employees dedicated to our business. This number does not
 include employees of Williams who provide services to our
 business and other of Williams&#146; businesses. We have no
 employees as of the date hereof. Effective as of January 1,
 2012, Williams will transfer to us the employees who provide
 services to our business.

 Offices 

 Our principal executive offices are located at One Williams
 Center, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74172.

 Legal
 Proceedings 

 Royalty
 litigation 

 In September 2006, royalty interest owners in Garfield County,
 Colorado, filed a class action suit in District Court, Garfield
 County Colorado, alleging we improperly calculated oil and gas
 royalty payments, failed to account for the proceeds that we
 received from the sale of natural gas and extracted products,
 improperly charged certain expenses and failed to refund amounts
 withheld in excess of ad valorem tax obligations. Plaintiffs
 sought to certify a class of royalty interest owners, recover
 underpayment of royalties, and obtain corrected payments
 resulting from calculation errors. We entered into a final
 partial settlement agreement. The partial settlement agreement
 defined the class members for class certification, reserved two
 claims for court resolution, resolved all other class claims
 relating to past calculation of royalty and overriding royalty
 payments, and established certain rules to govern future royalty
 and overriding royalty payments. This settlement resolved all
 claims relating to past withholding for ad valorem tax payments
 and established a procedure for refunds of any such excess
 withholding in the future. The first reserved claim is whether
 we are entitled to deduct in our calculation of royalty payments
 a portion of the costs we incur beyond the tailgates of the
 treating or processing plants for mainline pipeline
 transportation. We received a favorable ruling on our motion for
 summary judgment on the first reserved claim. Plaintiffs
 appealed that ruling and the Colorado Court of Appeals found in
 our favor in April 2011. In June 2011, Plaintiffs filed a
 Petition for Certiorari with the Colorado Supreme Court. We
 anticipate that the Court will issue a decision on whether to
 grant further review later in 2011 or early in 2012. The second
 reserved claim relates to whether we are required to have
 proportionately increased the value of natural gas by
 transporting that gas on mainline transmission lines and, if
 required, whether we did so and are thus entitled to deduct a
 proportionate share of transportation costs in calculating
 royalty payments. We anticipate trial on the second reserved
 claim following resolution of the first reserved claim. We
 believe our royalty calculations have been properly determined
 in accordance with the appropriate contractual arrangements and
 Colorado law. At this time, the plaintiffs have not provided us
 a

 118

 Table of Contents 

 sufficient framework to calculate an estimated range of exposure
 related to their claims. However, it is reasonably possible that
 the ultimate resolution of this item could result in a future
 charge that may be material to our results of operations.

 California
 energy crisis 

 Our former power business was engaged in power marketing in
 various geographic areas, including California. Prices charged
 for power by us and other traders and generators in California
 and other western states in 2000 and 2001 were challenged in
 various proceedings, including those before the FERC. We have
 entered into settlements with the State of California
 (&#147;State Settlement&#148;), major California utilities
 (&#147;Utilities Settlement&#148;), and others that
 substantially resolved each of these issues with these parties.

 Although the State Settlement and Utilities Settlement resolved
 a significant portion of the refund issues among the settling
 parties, we continue to have potential refund exposure to
 nonsettling parties, including various California end users that
 did not participate in the Utilities Settlement. We are
 currently in settlement negotiations with certain California
 utilities aimed at eliminating or substantially reducing this
 exposure. If successful, and subject to a final
 &#147;true-up&#148; 
 mechanism, the settlement agreement would also resolve our
 collection of accrued interest from counterparties as well as
 our payment of accrued interest on refund amounts. Thus, as
 currently contemplated by the parties, the settlement agreement
 would resolve most, if not all, of our legal issues arising from
 the
 2000-2001 
 California Energy Crisis. With respect to these matters, amounts
 accrued are not material to our financial position.

 Certain other issues also remain open at the FERC and for other
 nonsettling parties.

 Pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement, Williams
 will indemnify us for any cash amounts determined to be owed by
 us, and will be entitled to any cash amounts received by us, in
 connection with pending proceedings related to these matters.

 Reporting
 of natural gas-related information to trade
 publications 

 Civil suits based on allegations of manipulating published gas
 price indices have been brought against us and others, in each
 case seeking an unspecified amount of damages. We are currently
 a defendant in class action litigation and other litigation
 originally filed in state court in Colorado, Kansas, Missouri
 and Wisconsin brought on behalf of direct and indirect
 purchasers of natural gas in those states. These cases were
 transferred to the federal court in Nevada. In 2008, the court
 granted summary judgment in the Colorado case in favor of us and
 most of the other defendants based on plaintiffs&#146; lack of
 standing. On January 8, 2009, the court denied the
 plaintiffs&#146; request for reconsideration of the Colorado
 dismissal and entered judgment in our favor. We expect that the
 Colorado plaintiffs will appeal now that the court&#146;s order
 became final on July 18, 2011.

 In the other cases, on July 18, 2011, the Nevada district
 court granted our joint motions for summary judgment to preclude
 the plaintiffs&#146; state law claims because the federal
 Natural Gas Act gives the FERC exclusive jurisdiction to resolve
 those issues. The court also denied the plaintiffs&#146; class
 certification motion as moot. On July 22, 2011, the
 plaintiffs filed their notice of appeal with the Nevada district
 court. Because of the uncertainty around these current pending
 unresolved issues, including an insufficient description of the
 purported classes and other related matters, we cannot
 reasonably estimate a range of potential exposures at this time.
 However, it is reasonably possible that the ultimate resolution
 of these items could result in future charges that may be
 material to our results of operations.

 Pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement, Williams
 will indemnify us for any cash payments (including indirect,
 punitive or consequential damages) incurred by us in connection
 with pending proceedings related to these matters.

 EPA
 Settlement 

 On August 26, 2011, we signed an Administrative Complaint
 and Consent Agreement with EPA Region 8 to settle allegations of
 noncompliance with the Clean Air Act Prevention of Significant
 Deterioration provisions with respect to the absence of emission
 permits at 76 locations in the Fort Berthold Indian
 Reservation in North Dakota. We agreed to pay $228,000 in
 penalties in connection with this settlement.

 119

 Table of Contents 

 New
 Mexico Complaint 

 On October 20, 2011, royalty interest owners in Rio Arriba
 County, New Mexico filed a complaint in District Court, Rio
 Arriba County, New Mexico alleging, among other things, that we
 improperly calculated oil and gas royalty payments and misstated
 the value of gas related to affiliate sales. We believe our
 royalty calculations have been properly determined in accordance
 with the appropriate contractual arrangements and applicable
 laws. We have not been served with the complaint, and at this
 time, we are unable to assess the likelihood of an adverse claim
 or any potential exposure in regards to this matter as the
 claimants have not provided a framework to calculate an
 estimated range of exposure related to their claims.

 120

 Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT 

 Executive
 Officers 

 Set forth below is certain information as of December 1,
 2011, about our executive officers, including employment history
 and any directorships held in public companies following the
 spin-off. The titles shown below are those that we expect our
 executive officers will have immediately following the spin-off.
 Each executive officer is expected to serve from the date of his
 or her appointment until the earlier of his or her resignation
 or the appointment of his or her successor.

 Name 

 Age 

 Position 

 Ralph A. Hill

 52

 Chief Executive Officer

 Rodney J. Sailor

 52

 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

 James J. Bender

 55

 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

 Bryan K. Guderian

 52

 Senior Vice President of Operations

 Neal A. Buck

 56

 Senior Vice President of Business Development and Land

 Marcia M. MacLeod

 58

 Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Administration

 Michael R. Fiser

 47

 Senior Vice President of Marketing

 Steven G. Natali

 57

 Senior Vice President of Exploration

 J. Kevin Vann

 40

 Chief Accounting Officer and Controller

 Ralph A. Hill. Mr. Hill was named Chief
 Executive Officer in April 2011, and he will be elected as a
 director prior to the completion of the spin-off. Prior to
 becoming our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Hill was Senior
 Vice President&#151;Exploration and Production and acted as
 President of the Exploration and Production business at Williams
 since 1998. He was Vice President and General Manager of
 Exploration and Production business at Williams from 1993 to
 1998, as well as Senior Vice President and General Manager of
 Petroleum Services at Williams from 1998 to 2003. Mr. Hill
 has served as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
 Officer of Apco since 2002. Mr. Hill has served as a
 director of Petrolera Entre Lomas S.A. since 2003. He joined
 Williams in June 1981 as a member of a management training
 program and has worked in numerous capacities within the
 Williams organization.

 Rodney J. Sailor. Mr. Sailor was named
 Treasurer and Deputy Chief Financial Officer in April 2011, and
 will become Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer at the time of
 the spin-off. Mr. Sailor has served as Vice President and
 Treasurer of Williams since July 2005. He served as Assistant
 Treasurer of Williams from 2001 to 2005 and was responsible for
 capital restructuring and capital markets transactions,
 management of Williams&#146; liquidity position and oversight of
 Williams&#146; balance sheet restructuring program. From 1985 to
 2001, Mr. Sailor served in various capacities for Williams.
 Mr. Sailor was a director of Williams Partners GP LLC, the
 general partner of Williams Partners, from October 2007 to
 February 2010. Mr. Sailor has served as a director of Apco
 since September 2006.

 James J. Bender. Mr. Bender was named
 General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in April 2011, and will
 become Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate
 Secretary at the time of the spin-off. Mr. Bender has been
 Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Williams since
 December 2002, and General Counsel of Williams Partners GP LLC,
 the general partner of Williams Partners, since September 2005.
 Mr. Bender served as the General Counsel of the general
 partner of Williams Pipeline Partners L.P., from 2007 until its
 merger with Williams Partners in August 2010. From June 1997 to
 June 2002, Mr. Bender was Vice President and General
 Counsel of NRG Energy, Inc. NRG Energy, Inc. filed a voluntary
 bankruptcy petition during 2003 and its plan of reorganization
 was approved in December 2003.

 Bryan K. Guderian. Mr. Guderian was named
 Senior Vice President of Operations in August 2011, to be
 effective at the time of the spin-off. Since 1998,
 Mr. Guderian has served as Vice President of the
 Exploration &#038; Production unit of Williams with
 responsibility for the operational and commercial oversight

 121

 Table of Contents 

 and management of assigned exploration and production assets in
 the Marcellus Shale, the San Juan Basin and other basins.
 Mr. Guderian also has responsibility for overseeing
 Williams&#146; international operations and has served as a
 director of Apco since 2002 and a director of Petrolera Entre
 Lomas S.A. since 2003. Mr. Guderian joined Williams in 1991
 as a gas marketing representative.

 Neal A. Buck. Mr. Buck was named Senior
 Vice President of Business Development and Land in August 2011,
 to be effective at the time of the spin-off. Mr. Buck has
 been Vice President Commercial Operations &#038; Gas
 Management with Williams Exploration &#038; Production
 since August 2001. In that capacity, he is responsible for
 acquisitions and divestitures, planning, gathering and
 processing contracts, reserves and production reporting and
 other services. Mr. Buck joined Williams in 1996, and
 served as Director of Planning and Analysis from March 1998 to
 August 2001. Prior to joining Williams, Mr. Buck was with
 Occidental Petroleum Corporation.

 Marcia M. MacLeod. Ms. MacLeod was named
 Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Administration in
 August 2011, to be effective at the time of the spin-off.
 Ms. MacLeod has served as Vice President and Chief
 Information Officer of Williams since July 2008. Since joining
 Williams in 2000, Ms. MacLeod served as Vice President of
 Compensation, Benefits and Human Resources Information Services
 from October 2000 to May 2004 as well as Vice President of
 Enterprise Business Services from May 2004 to July 2008. Prior
 to joining Williams, Ms. MacLeod served as Managing
 Director of Global Compensation and Benefits for Electronic Data
 Systems. She has held management roles at JC Penney Company and
 HEB Grocery Company, and has practiced tax and employee benefits
 law with a firm in Dallas. Ms. MacLeod is also a member of
 Mott Production LLC, a privately held company holding various
 oil and gas interests.

 Michael R. Fiser. Mr. Fiser was named
 Senior Vice President of Marketing in August 2011, to be
 effective at the time of the spin-off. Since May 2008,
 Mr. Fiser has served as Vice President and Director of
 Williams Gas Marketing, Inc, with responsibilities including the
 sales, marketing, transportation management, operations, storage
 management, trading and hedging of Williams&#146; natural gas
 portfolio. He served as Director for Williams Energy Marketing
 and Trading and Williams Power from September 1998 to 2008 and
 was responsible for commercial trading strategies, hedging and
 logistics. Prior to joining Williams, Mr. Fiser worked at
 Koch Industries, Inc. in various marketing and trading roles
 from June 1987 to September 1998.

 Steven G. Natali. Mr. Natali was named
 Senior Vice President of Exploration in August 2011, to be
 effective at the time of the spin-off. Mr. Natali has
 served as Williams&#146; Vice President of Exploration and
 Geophysics since 2001. Mr. Natali served as Chief
 Geophysicist and Vice President of Exploration of Barrett
 Resources from 1995 until Williams&#146; purchase of that
 company in 2001. Prior to his employment with Barrett Resources,
 Mr. Natali worked for 12 years as an exploration
 geophysicist for Amoco Production Company, participating in many
 of the emerging plays of the Rocky Mountain basins, Oklahoma
 Spiro Sandstone play and North Slope of Alaska.

 J. Kevin Vann. Mr. Vann was named
 Chief Accounting Officer and Controller in August 2011, to be
 effective at the time of the spin-off. Since June 2007,
 Mr. Vann has served as Controller for Williams&#146;
 Exploration &#038; Production business unit. He was
 Controller for Williams Power Company from 2006 to 2007 and
 Director of Enterprise Risk Management for Williams from 2002 to
 2006. In his Controller positions, he was responsible for the
 development and implementation of internal controls to ensure
 effective financial and business systems, accurate financial
 statements and the timely provision of appropriate information
 and analysis to assist in the strategic management of the
 company. As Director of Enterprise Risk Management, he was
 responsible for the aggregation and measurement of commodity and
 credit risk.

 Board of
 Directors 

 Set forth below is certain information as of December 1,
 2011 about the persons who we expect will serve on our board of
 directors following the spin-off. The table contains each
 person&#146;s biography as well as the qualifications and
 experience each person would bring to our Board. As of the date
 of the distribution, we

 122

 Table of Contents 

 expect that our Board will consist of ten members, nine of
 whom will meet applicable regulatory and exchange listing
 independence requirements.

 Name 

 Age 

 William G. Lowrie

 67

 Kimberly S. Bowers

 47

 John A. Carrig

 59

 William R. Granberry

 69

 Don J. Gunther

 73

 Robert K. Herdman

 63

 Ralph A. Hill

 51

 Henry E. Lentz

 66

 George A. Lorch

 69

 David F. Work

 66

 William G. Lowrie. Mr. Lowrie will be
 elected as Chairman of our Board prior to the completion of the
 spin-off. Mr. Lowrie has been a director of Williams since
 2003 and currently serves as the Chair of Williams&#146; Audit
 Committee and a member of Williams&#146; Nominating and
 Governance Committee. Prior to the completion of the spin-off,
 Mr. Lowrie will resign from the Williams board of
 directors. In 1999, Mr. Lowrie retired as Deputy Chief
 Executive Officer and director of BP Amoco PLC (a global energy
 company), where he spent his entire
 33-year 
 career. At Amoco, Mr. Lowrie held various positions of
 increasing responsibility, developing expertise in drilling,
 reservoir engineering, financial analysis of projects, and other
 skills related to the oil and natural gas exploration,
 production, and processing businesses. At various times in his
 Amoco tenure, Mr. Lowrie managed natural gas and natural
 gas liquids pipeline operations, hedging and other hydrocarbon
 price risk mitigation functions, international contract
 negotiations, petroleum product refining and marketing
 operations, environmental health and safety program design, and
 the development and execution of a process for managing capital
 investment projects. Mr. Lowrie also worked closely with
 all financial functions, internal and external auditors, and
 industry organizations such as the American Petroleum Institute.
 From 1995 to 1999, Mr. Lowrie served on the board of Bank
 One Corporation (now JP Morgan Chase), including on that
 board&#146;s audit committee. He has attended the Executive
 Program at the University of Virginia. Mr. Lowrie is a
 director of The Ohio State University Foundation and a trustee
 of the South Carolina chapter of The Nature Conservancy.

 We believe that Mr. Lowrie is well qualified to serve as a
 member of our Board. Mr. Lowrie has many years of
 experience in our industry, including operating, financial and
 executive experience, and we believe these experiences will be
 critical to his ability to identify, understand and address
 challenges and opportunities that we will face. Mr. Lowrie
 also has extensive risk-management experience from his time at
 BP Amoco and from his service on Williams&#146; Audit Committee.
 Further, we believe Mr. Lowrie&#146;s experience as a
 director of Williams will be advantageous to us as we become a
 newly public company.

 Kimberly S. Bowers. Ms. Bowers will be
 elected as a director prior to the completion of the spin-off.
 Ms. Bowers has served since October 2008 as Executive Vice
 President and General Counsel for Valero Energy Corporation (a
 large independent refiner of transportation fuels and related
 products) with responsibility over Valero&#146;s legal, ad
 valorem tax, health, safety and environmental, energy and gases,
 reliability, and project execution departments. She joined
 Valero in 1997 as Corporate Counsel. From April 2006 to October
 2008, she served as Senior Vice President &#038; General
 Counsel. She has served as lead attorney for most of
 Valero&#146;s major acquisitions during her tenure with Valero.

 We believe that Ms. Bowers is well qualified to serve as a
 member of our Board. Her executive experience and familiarity
 with legal and regulatory issues, including expertise on complex
 health, safety and environmental matters, will be critical to
 her ability to identify, understand and address challenges and
 opportunities that we face. Her experience as lead attorney for
 complex transactions well positions her to advise on any
 transactions that we may consider. Ms. Bowers also has an
 understanding of compensation and

 123

 Table of Contents 

 corporate governance issues that we will face as a result of
 her executive experience, which will be advantageous to us as we
 become a newly public company.

 John A. Carrig. Mr. Carrig will be
 elected as a director prior to the completion of the spin-off.
 Mr. Carrig is the former President and Chief Operating
 Officer of ConocoPhillips (a large integrated oil company with
 operations in more than 30 countries). He joined Phillips
 Petroleum in London in 1978 as a tax attorney. In 1981, he
 transferred to Bartlesville, Oklahoma, and was associated with
 the corporate tax staff until 1993 when he joined the treasury
 group as finance manager. He was then named Assistant Treasurer
 of Finance, and in 1995 he accepted the position of Treasurer.
 He was Vice President and Treasurer from 1996 to 2000 when he
 was named Senior Vice President and Treasurer. He was elected to
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Phillips
 in 2001, a position he held until the ConocoPhillips merger
 occurred 2002, at which time he became the Executive Vice
 President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer of
 ConocoPhillips. In 2008, he was appointed President and Chief
 Operating Officer of ConocoPhillips and became responsible for
 global operations, including exploration and production,
 refining and transportation, project development and
 procurement, and health, safety and environmental matters.
 Mr. Carrig served as President of ConocoPhillips until his
 retirement in March 2011.

 We believe Mr. Carrig is well qualified to serve as a
 member of our Board. Mr. Carrig has many years of
 experience in our industry, including operating, financial and
 executive experience, and we believe these experiences will be
 critical to his ability to identify, understand and address
 challenges and opportunities that we will face. Mr. Carrig
 also has expertise leading a public company with multi-national
 operations, which will be advantageous to us as we become a
 newly public company.

 William R. Granberry. Mr. Granberry will
 be elected as a director prior to the completion of the
 spin-off. Mr. Granberry has been a director of Williams
 since 2005 and currently serves as a member of Williams&#146;
 Compensation Committee and its Finance Committee. Prior to the
 completion of the spin-off, Mr. Granberry will resign from
 the Williams board of directors. Mr. Granberry has been a
 member of Compass Operating Company LLC (a small, private oil
 and gas exploration, development, and producing company) since
 October 2004. From 1999 to 2004, as an independent consultant,
 he managed investments and consulted with oil and gas companies.
 From 1996 to 1999, Mr. Granberry was President and Chief
 Operating Officer of Tom Brown, Inc. (a public oil and gas
 company with exploration, development, acquisition, and
 production activities throughout the central United States). He
 has worked in the oil and gas industry in various capacities for
 44 years, including as a manager of engineering at Amoco (a
 global energy company) and in executive positions for smaller
 independent energy companies. Mr. Granberry has served on
 committees and boards of industry organizations, including the
 Society of Petroleum Engineers, the American Petroleum
 Institute, and the Independent Producers Association of America.
 A start up Internet company, Just4Biz.com, where he served on
 the board of directors and as interim chief executive officer
 for periods in 2000 and 2001, filed for bankruptcy in May 2001.
 He is a director of Legacy Reserves GP, LLC (an independent
 acquirer and developer of oil and natural gas properties) and a
 trustee of Manor Park, Inc.

 We believe Mr. Granberry is will qualified to serve as a
 member of our Board. Mr. Granberry has many years of
 experience in our industry, including executive, investment and
 operating experience, and we believe these experiences will be
 critical to his ability to identify, understand and address
 challenges and opportunities that we will face.
 Mr. Granberry also has extensive public policy experience
 from serving on committees and boards of industry organizations.
 Further, we believe Mr. Granberry&#146;s experience as a
 director of Williams will be advantageous to us as we become a
 newly public company.

 Don J. Gunther. Mr. Gunther will be
 elected as a director prior to the completion of the spin-off.
 In 1999, Mr. Gunther retired as Vice Chairman and Director
 of the Bechtel Group, Inc. (an engineering, construction and
 project management company) where he spent his entire
 39-year 
 career. As Vice Chairman, Mr. Gunther had responsibility
 for all of the global industry units and for all corporate
 functions including project management, engineering,
 procurement, construction, information services, information
 technology and contracts. Mr. Gunther held various
 positions of increasing responsibility during his time at the
 Bechtel Group, including field engineer, leader of worldwide
 construction for refinery and chemical projects, senior vice
 president, and president of Bechtel, Petroleum,
 Chemical &#038; Industrial Company, president of
 Bechtel&#146;s

 124

 Table of Contents 

 Europe, Africa, Middle East, and Southwest Asia region and
 president of Bechtel&#146;s Americas organization. Since 2007,
 Mr. Gunther has served as Chairman of Ingage (a private
 high tech company and enterprise networking organization).
 Mr. Gunther is also currently on the board of directors of
 Immokalee Foundation (a non-profit organization helping
 immigrant underprivileged children) and the Gulf Shore
 Playhouse, and is a board member and part owner of Imperial
 Homes (a home building company based in Naples, Florida).

 We believe Mr. Gunther is well qualified to serve as a
 member of our Board. Mr. Gunther has significant
 engineering, operating and executive experience, and we believe
 this experience will be critical to his ability to identify,
 understand and address challenges and opportunities that we will
 face. Mr. Gunther also has expertise leading a company with
 multi-national operations, which will be advantageous to us as
 we become a newly public company with multi-national operations.

 Robert K. Herdman. Mr. Herdman will be
 elected as a director prior to the completion of the spin-off.
 Since 2004, Mr. Herdman has been a Managing Director of
 Kalorama Partners LLC (a Washington, D.C. consulting firm
 specializing in providing advice regarding corporate governance,
 risk assessment, crisis management and related matters). Prior
 to joining Kalorama, Mr. Herdman was the Chief Accountant
 of the SEC from October 2001 to November 2002. Prior to joining
 the SEC, he was Ernst &#038; Young&#146;s Vice Chairman of
 Professional Practice for its Assurance and Advisory Business
 Services (&#147;AABS&#148;) practice in the Americas and the
 Global Director of AABS Professional Practice for
 Ernst &#038; Young International. Mr. Herdman was also
 the senior Ernst &#038; Young partner responsible for the
 firm&#146;s relationship with the SEC, Financial Accounting
 Standards Board and American Institute of Certified Public
 Accountants (&#147;AICPA&#148;). Mr. Herdman served on the
 AICPA&#146;s SEC Practice Section Executive Committee from
 1995 to 2001 and as a member of the AICPA&#146;s Board of
 Directors from 2000 to 2001. Mr. Herdman is currently on
 the board of directors of Cummins Inc. and is chair of its audit
 committee. He is also currently on the board of directors and
 chairs the audit committee of HSBC Finance Corporation (formerly
 Household International, Inc.), HSBC North America Holdings,
 Inc. and HSBC US, Inc.

 We believe Mr. Herdman is well qualified to serve as a
 member of our Board. Mr. Herdman has significant experience
 in finance and accounting, including expertise as the chair of
 the audit committees for public companies, and we believe these
 experiences will be important to his ability to understand and
 address challenges and opportunities that we will face.
 Mr. Herdman&#146;s SEC and public accounting experience
 provided Mr. Herdman with insight into the business
 operations and financial performance of a significant number of
 public companies, which will be advantageous to us as we become
 a newly public company.

 Ralph A. Hill. See &#147;&#151;Executive
 Officers&#148; for a biography of Mr. Hill.

 We believe Mr. Hill is well qualified to serve as a member
 of our Board. Mr. Hill has many years of experience in our
 industry, including executive, operating and international
 business experience, and we believe these experiences will be
 critical to his ability to identify, understand and address
 challenges and opportunities that we will face. As our Chief
 Executive Officer with intimate knowledge of our business and
 operations, Mr. Hill will bring a valuable perspective to
 the Board. Further, we believe that Mr. Hill&#146;s
 experience of over 30 years with Williams will be
 advantageous as we become a newly public company.

 Henry E. Lentz. Mr. Lentz will be elected
 as a director prior to the completion of the spin-off. In May
 2011, Mr. Lentz retired from Lazard Fr&#232;res &#038;
 Co (an investment banking firm), where he had served as a
 Managing Director since June 2009. He was a Managing Director of
 Barclays Capital (an investment banking firm) and successor to
 Lehman Brothers Inc. (an investment banking firm) from September
 2008 to June 2009. From January 2004 to September 2008 he was
 employed as an Advisory Director by Lehman Brothers. He joined
 Lehman Brothers in 1971 and became a Managing Director in 1976.
 He left the firm in 1988 to become Vice Chairman of Wasserstein
 Perella Group, Inc. (an investment banking firm). In 1993, he
 returned to Lehman Brothers as a Managing Director and served as
 head of the firm&#146;s worldwide energy practice. In 1996, he
 joined Lehman Brothers&#146; Merchant Banking Group as a
 Principal and in January 2003 became a consultant to the
 Merchant Banking Group. Mr. Lentz is currently the
 non-executive Chairman of Rowan Companies, Inc. and on the board
 of directors of Peabody Energy Corporation, Macquarie
 Infrastructure Company LLC and CARBO Ceramics, Inc.

 125

 Table of Contents 

 We believe Mr. Lentz is well qualified to serve as a member
 of our Board. Mr. Lentz has significant experience in
 investment banking and financial matters, and we believe these
 experiences will be critical to his ability to identify,
 understand and address challenges and opportunities that we will
 face. Mr. Lentz also has corporate governance experience as
 a result of serving on other public company boards of directors,
 which will be advantageous to us as we become a newly public
 company.

 George A. Lorch. Mr. Lorch will be
 elected as a director prior to the completion of the spin-off.
 Mr. Lorch has been a director of Williams since 2001 and
 currently serves as a member of Williams&#146; Compensation
 Committee and its Nominating and Governance Committee. Prior to
 the completion of the spin-off, Mr. Lorch will resign from
 the Williams board of directors. Mr. Lorch is Chairman
 Emeritus of Armstrong Holdings, Inc., the holding company for
 Armstrong World Industries, Inc. (a manufacturer and marketer of
 floors, ceilings, and cabinets). He was the Chief Executive
 Officer and President of Armstrong World Industries, Inc. from
 1993 to 1994 and Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
 Officer from 1994 to 2000. From May 2000 to August 2000, he was
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Armstrong
 Holdings, Inc. Mr. Lorch has 37 years of sales and
 marketing experience at Armstrong, including 17 years of
 experience as a head of operations, with responsibility for
 profit and loss statements, balance sheets, and stockholder
 relations. During his 21 years as a director in varied
 industries, Mr. Lorch has participated in CEO searches,
 succession planning, strategy development, takeover defense and
 offense, and director recruitment, and he has served on dozens
 of board committees. Mr. Lorch has also completed an
 executive management course at the Kellogg School of Management
 at Northwestern University. Mr. Lorch is the non-executive
 Chairman of the Board of Pfizer, Inc. (a research-based
 pharmaceutical company) and a director of Autoliv, Inc. (a
 developer, manufacturer, and supplier of automotive safety
 systems); HSBC Finance Corporation and HSBC North America
 Holdings Inc., non-public, wholly-owned subsidiaries of HSBC LLC
 (a banking and financial services provider); and Masonite (a
 door manufacturer). Mr. Lorch also serves as an advisor to
 the Carlyle Group (a private equity firm).

 We believe that Mr. Lorch is well qualified to serve as a
 member of our Board. Mr. Lorch&#146;s executive experience
 provides valuable financial and management experience, including
 expertise leading a large organization with multi-national
 operations, and we believe these experiences will be critical to
 his ability to identify, understand and address challenges and
 opportunities that we will face. Mr. Lorch also has
 knowledge and understanding of the strategy, recruitment,
 compensation and corporate governance issues that we will face
 from his extensive experience as a director. Further, we believe
 Mr. Lorch&#146;s experience as a director of Williams will
 be advantageous to us as we become a newly public company.

 David F. Work. Mr. Work will be elected as a
 director prior to the completion of the spin-off. In 2000, Mr.
 Work retired as Regional President from BP Amoco Corporation (a
 global energy company) where he served in various capacities
 since 1987. As Regional Vice President, Mr. Work was the senior
 BP Amoco representative in the Gulf Coast, Southwest and Rocky
 Mountain states, and his responsibilities included coordinating
 the vice presidents of BP Amoco&#146;s seven exploration and
 production business units, as well as the leaders of the gas,
 power, oil and chemical businesses located in the area. Prior to
 serving as Regional President, Mr. Work served as a Group Vice
 President in BP Amoco&#146;s Exploration and Production stream
 and was a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to the merger
 between BP and Amoco, Mr. Work had positions of increasing
 responsibility at Amoco Corporation, including Senior Vice
 President of Shared Services and Group Vice President of
 worldwide exploration for the exploration and production sector.
 Since 2004, Mr. Work has served on the board of directors of
 CGGVeritas Services Holdings Inc. (formerly Veritas DGC Inc),
 and since 2009, he has served on the board of directors of Cody
 Resources Management LLC. Mr. Work also volunteers as a member
 of the board of Valley Advocates for Responsible Development,
 the land Trust Alliance Advisory Council and the Board of Teton
 Valley Hospital. Mr. Work is actively involved in several
 professional organizations, including the American Geologic
 Institute and the American Association of Petroleum Geologists.

 We believe Mr. Work is well qualified to serve as a member of
 our Board. Mr. Work has many years of experience in our
 industry, including operating and executive experience, and we
 believe these experiences will be critical to his ability to
 identify, understand and address challenges and opportunities
 that we will face.

 126

 Table of Contents 

 Mr. Work&#146;s extensive experience in identifying
 exploration and production opportunities will be advantageous to
 us as we become an independent, newly public company.

 Board
 Structure 

 Upon completion of the spin-off, our directors will be divided
 into three classes serving staggered three-year terms.
 Class I directors will have an initial term expiring in
 2013, Class II directors will have an initial term expiring
 in 2014 and Class III directors will have an initial term
 expiring in 2015.

 At each annual meeting of stockholders, directors will be
 elected to succeed the class of directors whose terms have
 expired. This classification of our board of directors could
 have the effect of increasing the length of time necessary to
 change the composition of a majority of the board of directors.
 Following this classification of the Board, in general, at least
 two annual meetings of stockholders will be necessary for
 stockholders to effect a change in a majority of the members of
 the board of directors.

 Board
 Committees 

 The committees of our board of directors will include an Audit
 Committee, a Nominating and Governance Committee and a
 Compensation Committee, each as further described below.
 Following our listing on the NYSE and in accordance with the
 transition provisions of the rules of the NYSE applicable to
 companies listing in conjunction with a spin-off transaction,
 each of these committees will, by the date required by the rules
 of the NYSE, be composed exclusively of directors who are
 independent. Other committees may also be established by the
 board of directors from time to time.

 Audit
 Committee 

 Prior to completion of the spin-off, our board of directors will
 establish an audit committee, composed of at least one director.
 The board of directors is expected to determine that all of the
 audit committee members are financially literate and that at
 least one member is an &#147;audit committee financial
 expert&#148; for purposes of the SEC rules.

 The audit committee&#146;s functions will include providing
 assistance to the board of directors in fulfilling its oversight
 responsibility relating to our financial statements and the
 financial reporting process, compliance with legal and
 regulatory requirements, the qualifications and independence of
 our independent registered public accounting firm, our system of
 internal controls, the internal audit function, our code of
 ethical conduct, retaining and, if appropriate, terminating the
 independent registered public accounting firm, and approving
 audit and non-audit services to be performed by the independent
 registered public accounting firm. The responsibilities of the
 audit committee, which are anticipated to be substantially
 identical to the responsibilities of Williams&#146; audit
 committee, will be more fully described in the audit committee
 charter that will be adopted by our board of directors. The
 audit committee charter will be posted on our corporate website
 on or prior to the distribution date.

 In compliance with the NYSE listing standards, our audit
 committee will annually conduct a self-evaluation to determine
 whether it is functioning effectively. In addition, the audit
 committee will prepare the report of the committee required by
 the rules and regulations of the SEC to be included in our
 annual proxy statement.

 Nominating
 and Governance Committee 

 Prior to completion of the spin-off, our board of directors will
 establish a nominating and governance committee, composed of at
 least one director.

 The nominating and governance committee&#146;s functions will
 include identifying individuals qualified to become members of
 the board of directors consistent with criteria approved by the
 board of directors, recommending to the board of directors
 candidates for election at the annual meeting of shareholders,
 developing, reviewing and recommending to the board of directors
 a set of corporate governance guidelines and overseeing the
 evaluation of the Board and management. The responsibilities of
 the nominating and

 127

 Table of Contents 

 governance committee, which are anticipated to be substantially
 identical to the responsibilities of Williams&#146; nominating
 and governance committee, will be more fully described in the
 nominating and governance committee charter that will be adopted
 by our board of directors. The nominating and governance
 committee charter will be posted on our corporate website on or
 prior to the distribution date.

 In compliance with the NYSE listing standards, our nominating
 and governance committee will annually conduct a self-evaluation
 to determine whether it is functioning effectively.

 Compensation
 Committee 

 Prior to completion of the spin-off, our board of directors will
 establish a compensation committee, composed of at least one
 director.

 The compensation committee&#146;s functions will include
 reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant
 to the compensation of executive officers, evaluating the
 performance of executive officers in light of those goals and
 objectives, determining and approving the compensation level of
 the executive officers based on their evaluations, and making
 recommendations to the Board with respective to
 incentive-compensation and equity based plans that are subject
 to the approval of the board of directors. The responsibilities
 of the compensation committee, which are anticipated to be
 substantially identical to the responsibilities of
 Williams&#146; compensation committee, will be more fully
 described in the compensation committee charter that will be
 adopted by our board of directors. The compensation committee
 charter will be posted on our corporate website on or prior to
 the distribution date.

 In compliance with the NYSE listing standards, our compensation
 committee will annually conduct a self-evaluation to determine
 whether it is functioning effectively. In addition, the
 compensation committee will prepare the report of the committee
 required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to be included
 in our annual proxy statement.

 Director
 Independence 

 Our board of directors is expected to formally determine the
 independence of its directors following the spinoff. We expect
 that our board of directors will determine that the following
 directors, who are anticipated to be elected to our board of
 directors, are independent: George A. Lorch and William G.
 Lowrie. Our board of directors is expected to annually determine
 the independence of directors based on a review by the directors
 and the nominating and governance committee. In affirmatively
 determining whether a director is independent, the board of
 directors will determine whether each director meets the
 objective standards for independence set forth in the NYSE
 rules, which generally provide that:

 &#149; 

 A director who is an employee, or whose immediate family member
 (defined as a spouse, parent, child, sibling, father- and
 mother-in-law, 
 son- and
 daughter-in-law, 
 brother- and
 sister-in-law 
 and anyone, other than a domestic employee, sharing the
 director&#146;s home) is an executive officer of the company,
 would not be independent until three years after the end of such
 relationship.

 &#149; 

 A director who receives, or whose immediate family member
 receives, more than $120,000 per year in direct compensation
 from the company, other than director and committee fees and
 pension or other forms of deferred compensation for prior
 services (provided such compensation is not contingent in any
 way on continued service) would not be independent until three
 years after ceasing to receive such amount.

 &#149; 

 A director who is a partner of or employed by, or whose
 immediate family member is a partner of or employed by and
 personally works on the company&#146;s audit, a present or
 former internal or external auditor of the company would not be
 independent until three years after the end of the affiliation
 or the employment or auditing relationship.

 &#149; 

 A director who is employed, or whose immediate family member is
 employed, as an executive officer of another company where any
 of the company&#146;s present executives serve on the other
 company&#146;s compensation committee would not be independent
 until three years after the end of such service or employment
 relationship.

 128

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 

 A director who is an employee, or whose immediate family member
 is an executive officer, of a company that makes payments to, or
 receives payments from, the company for property or services in
 an amount which, in any single fiscal year, exceeds the greater
 of $1 million, or 2% of such other company&#146;s
 consolidated gross revenues, would not be independent until
 three years after falling below such threshold.

 Compensation
 Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

 None of our executive officers serves, or has served during the
 last completed fiscal year, on the compensation committee or
 board of directors of any other company that has one or more
 executive officers serving on our compensation committee or
 board of directors.

 Code of
 Ethics 

 In connection with the spin-off, our board of directors will
 adopt a Code of Ethics for Senior Officers that applies to our
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller,
 or persons performing similar functions. Our code of ethics will
 be publicly available on our corporate website. Any waiver of
 our code of ethics with respect to our Chief Executive Officer,
 Chief Financial Officer and Controller, or persons performing
 similar functions may only be authorized by our audit committee
 and will be disclosed as required by applicable law.

 129

 Table of Contents 

 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

 Compensation
 Discussion and Analysis 

 We have yet to establish a compensation committee of our board
 of directors. As a result, the compensation information provided
 herein reflects the compensation program established by the
 compensation committee of Williams&#146; board of directors
 (&#147;Committee&#148;) in place to compensate Williams&#146;
 officers on December 31, 2010, except as otherwise
 indicated.

 As our compensation program is developed, the Williams board of
 directors
 and/or 
 Committee will provide input, analyze and approve WPX
 Energy&#146;s compensation and benefit plans and policies until
 our compensation committee is formed. To date, the Committee has
 approved our pay philosophy and our comparator group of
 companies. Specific compensation and benefit programs for WPX
 Energy have yet to be developed.

 It should be noted that Williams provides generally consistent
 compensation programs and metrics for all officers across the
 enterprise. In 2010, an officer working in Williams&#146;
 Exploration &#038; Production business unit, the base group
 for WPX Energy, had the same long-term incentive and annual
 incentive award metrics and design as an officer working in any
 other part of Williams. Therefore, the compensation programs
 described for the named executive officers of WPX Energy
 (&#147;NEOs&#148;) in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis
 are consistent in form with the compensation program received by
 officers in the Exploration &#038; Production business unit.

 The executive officers who were largely responsible for
 conducting the business of WPX Energy and for managing the
 operations of Williams&#146; Exploration &#038; Production
 business unit during 2010 are also executive officers of
 Williams. For the fiscal year ending December 31, 2010, the
 Williams executive officers who comprised the executive team for
 WPX Energy and who are referred to as the NEOs were: Steven J.
 Malcolm, former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 (&#147;CEO&#148;) of Williams; Donald R. Chappel, Chief
 Financial Officer of Williams and our Chief Financial Officer;
 Ralph A. Hill, Senior Vice
 President&#151;Exploration &#038; Production of Williams,
 and our CEO; James J. Bender, Senior Vice President and General
 Counsel of Williams and our General Counsel and Corporate
 Secretary; and Robyn L. Ewing, Senior Vice President and Chief
 Administrative Officer of Williams and our Chief Administrative
 Officer.

 Objective
 of Williams&#146; Compensation Programs 

 The role of compensation for Williams is to attract and retain
 the talent needed to drive stockholder value and to help enable
 each business of Williams to meet or exceed financial and
 operational performance targets. The objective of Williams&#146;
 compensation programs is to reward employees for successfully
 implementing the strategy to grow the business and create
 long-term stockholder value. To that end, Williams uses relative
 and absolute Total Shareholder Return (&#147;TSR&#148;) to
 measure long-term performance, and Economic Value
 Added &#174; 

 (&#147;EVA &#174; &#148;) 1 

 to measure annual performance. Williams believes using both TSR
 and
 EVA &#174; 

 to incent and pay NEOs helps ensure that the business decisions
 made are aligned with the long-term interests of Williams&#146;
 stockholders.

 Looking forward &#151;While our pay philosophy has been
 approved by the Committee, the specific design of our long-term
 incentive, the annual cash incentive, the base pay and benefit
 plans has yet to be determined.

 Williams&#146;
 2010 Pay Philosophy 

 Williams&#146; pay philosophy throughout the entire organization
 is to pay for performance, be competitive in the marketplace and
 consider the value a job provides to Williams. The compensation
 programs reward NEOs and employees not just for accomplishing
 goals, but also for how those goals are pursued. Williams
 strives to reward the right results and the right behaviors
 while fostering a culture of collaboration and teamwork.

 1 Economic

 Value
 Added &#174; 

 (EVA &#174; )

 is a registered trademark of Stern, Stewart &#038; Co.

 130

 Table of Contents 

 The principles of Williams&#146; pay philosophy influence the
 design and administration of its pay programs. Decisions about
 how to pay NEOs are based on these principles. The Committee
 uses several different types of pay that are linked to both
 long-term and short-term performance in the executive
 compensation programs. Included are long-term incentives, annual
 cash incentives, base pay and benefits. The chart below
 illustrates the linkage between the types of pay used and the
 pay principles.

 Long-term 

 Annual Cash 

 Williams&#146; Pay Principles 

 Incentives 

 Incentives 

 Base Pay 

 Benefits 

 Pay should reinforce business objectives and values

 &#252; 

 &#252; 

 &#252; 

 A significant portion of an NEO&#146;s total pay should be
 variable based on performance

 &#252; 

 &#252; 

 Incentive pay should balance long-term, intermediate and
 short-term performance

 &#252; 

 &#252; 

 Incentives should align interest of NEOs with stockholders

 &#252; 

 &#252; 

 Pay opportunity should be competitive

 &#252; 

 &#252; 

 &#252; 

 &#252; 

 A portion of pay should be provided to compensate for the core
 activities required for performing in the role

 &#252; 

 &#252; 

 Pay should foster a culture of collaboration with shared focus
 and commitment to Williams

 &#252; 

 &#252; 

 Looking Forward &#151;Our pay philosophy, which will serve
 to influence the design and delivery of our pay programs, has
 been approved by the Committee. Our approved pay philosophy is
 substantially the same as Williams&#146; pay philosophy.

 Williams&#146;
 2010 Compensation Summary 

 In 2010, Williams, including its Exploration and Production
 business unit, continued to focus on creating stockholder value
 by delivering solid financial and operational performance. The
 effects of the economic recession during late 2008 and 2009
 eased during 2010. Crude oil and NGL prices returned to
 attractive levels, but natural gas prices remained low. Williams
 continued to respond to the changing landscape and completed a
 number of significant business transactions as detailed on
 page 135. Williams took several actions, described below,
 to ensure that its executive pay program remains affordable and
 competitive in the current market and after market conditions
 improve.

 Williams&#146;
 2010 Pay Decisions 

 As indicated above, significant consideration was given to the
 need to balance Williams&#146; pay philosophy and practices with
 affordability and sustainability. Williams continued to grant
 long-term incentives in the form of performance-based restricted
 stock units (&#147;RSUs&#148;), stock options and time-based
 RSUs in 2010 to emphasize its commitment to pay for performance.

 Consistent with its commitment to provide a meaningful
 connection between pay and performance, Williams has granted
 performance-based RSUs to NEOs since 2004. The performance-based
 RSUs granted in 2008 for the
 2008-2010 
 performance period did not meet threshold targets set at the
 beginning of the period as a result of the global economic
 crisis. The challenging performance targets established in 2008
 for the three-year performance period included economic
 assumptions that could not anticipate the significant decline in
 economic conditions. In accordance with the design of the
 awards, these awards were cancelled. This is the second
 consecutive year the performance-based RSUs were not earned.
 This resulted in each NEO losing a significant portion of pay
 that was targeted for
 2007-2009 
 and
 2008-2010. 

 It is important to note that the Summary Compensation Table
 displays a value for equity awards on the date of grant. This
 approach does not reflect the actual realized value associated
 with equity award grants. While the grant date values make it
 appear that NEOs&#146; pay has been fairly consistent in recent
 years, the value realized by the NEOs has significantly declined
 in recent years due to Williams&#146; pay for performance
 philosophy.

 131

 Table of Contents 

 Historically, Williams sets performance targets for its Annual
 Incentive Program (&#147;AIP&#148;) during the first quarter.
 The targets established in 2010 anticipated an improving
 economic environment and required significantly improved
 performance over 2009. While
 EVA &#174; 

 performance exceeded 2009 levels, the 2010 AIP results paid less
 than 2009 due to higher 2010 performance targets.

 With respect to base salary, Mr. Malcolm did not receive a
 base pay increase in 2009 or 2010. The remaining NEOs did not
 receive a base pay increase in 2009 and received a two percent
 base pay increase in 2010, other than Ms. Ewing who
 received a 3.5% increase in 2010.

 Williams&#146;
 Plan Design Decisions 

 The Committee regularly reviews Williams&#146; existing pay
 programs to ensure Williams&#146; ability to attract and retain
 the talent needed to deliver the strong financial and operating
 performance necessary to create stockholder value while ensuring
 its program effectively links pay to the performance of
 Williams. As part of this process in 2010, the Committee reached
 several important decisions. The Committee decided to continue
 awarding a significant portion of long-term incentive awards in
 the form of performance-based restricted stock units
 (&#147;RSUs&#148;). The metric for these awards utilizes
 absolute and relative TSR. NEOs will earn their targeted
 performance-based RSUs for the 2010 to 2012 period only if
 Williams delivers positive absolute TSR and also achieves solid
 TSR in relation to the Williams&#146; comparator group of
 companies. The Committee believes it is important to include
 both relative and absolute TSR to ensure that results are
 impacted by the absolute TSR actually delivered to stockholders,
 as well as the company&#146;s performance relative to comparator
 companies. Williams&#146; commitment to these awards combined
 with the utilization of both relative and absolute TSR metrics
 demonstrates the emphasis on linking pay to long-term
 performance and aligning its pay programs with the interest of
 stockholders.

 Williams continues to deliver a significant portion of equity in
 performance-based awards and stock options because these awards
 have the strongest alignment to stockholders. Shown below is the
 long-term incentive mix for the NEOs under Williams&#146;
 compensation program for 2010.

 Mr. Malcolm 

 Other NEOs 

 Performance-Based RSUs

 50

 %

 35

 %

 Stock Options

 50

 %

 30

 %

 Time-Based RSUs

 0

 %

 35

 %

 As to Williams&#146; AIP,
 EVA &#174; 

 improvement remained the performance metric in 2010. The
 difficult economic and commodity price environment made
 establishing a target level of performance very challenging. In
 anticipation of an improving economic environment, the Committee
 approved a 2010
 EVA &#174; 

 performance target that was substantially higher than targets
 established for 2009. The Committee also continued a decision
 reached in 2009 to require that the AIP performance necessary to
 move from threshold to target was doubled from 2008 levels.
 Likewise, the performance required to move from target to
 stretch was doubled from 2008 levels. This design attempts to
 keep the AIP as a meaningful performance incentive throughout
 the year while ensuring a payout significantly above target only
 occurs if Williams significantly exceeds established performance
 targets.

 Mitigating
 Risk 

 After a thorough review and analysis, it was determined that the
 risks arising from Williams&#146; compensation policies and
 practices are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse
 effect on Williams.

 Williams&#146;
 Compensation Recommendation and Decision Process 

 Role of
 Williams&#146; Management 

 In order to make pay recommendations, management provides the
 Williams CEO with data from the annual proxy statements of
 companies in Williams&#146; comparator group along with pay
 information compiled from nationally recognized executive and
 industry related compensation surveys. The survey data is used
 to confirm that pay practices among companies in the comparator
 group are aligned with the market as a whole.

 132

 Table of Contents 

 Role of
 Williams&#146; CEO 

 Before recommending base pay adjustments and long-term incentive
 awards to the Committee, Williams&#146; CEO reviews the
 competitive market information related to each of Williams other
 named executive officers while also considering internal equity
 and individual performance.

 For the annual cash incentive program, the Williams CEO&#146;s
 recommendation is based on
 EVA &#174; 

 attainment with a potential adjustment for individual
 performance. Individual performance includes business unit
 EVA &#174; 

 results for the business unit leaders, achievement of business
 goals and demonstrated key leadership competencies (for more on
 leadership competencies, see the section entitled &#147;Base
 Pay&#148; in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis). The
 modifications made are fairly modest. For 2010 the adjustments
 made to the NEOs&#146; annual cash incentive awards were in
 total less than 5%.

 Role of
 the Other NEOs 

 The NEOs, and Williams&#146; other named executive officers,
 have no role in setting compensation for any of the NEOs.

 Role of
 Williams&#146; Compensation Committee 

 For all NEOs, except the Williams CEO, the Committee reviews the
 Williams CEO&#146;s recommendations, supporting market data and
 individual performance assessments. In addition, the
 Committee&#146;s independent compensation consultant, Frederic
 W. Cook &#038; Co., Inc., reviews all of the data and
 advises on the reasonableness of the Williams CEO&#146;s pay
 recommendations.

 For the Williams CEO, the Williams board of directors meets in
 executive session without management present to review the
 Williams CEO&#146;s performance. In this session, the Williams
 board of directors reviewed:

 &#149; 

 Evaluations of the Williams CEO completed by the board members
 and the executive officers (excluding the Williams CEO);

 &#149; 

 The Williams CEO&#146;s written assessment of
 his/her own
 performance compared with the stated goals; and

 &#149; 

 EVA &#174; 

 performance of the Company relative to established targets as
 well as the financial and safety metrics presented as a
 supplement to
 EVA &#174; 

 performance.

 The Committee uses these evaluations and competitive market
 information provided by its independent compensation consultant
 to determine the Williams CEO&#146;s long-term incentive
 amounts, annual cash incentive target, base pay and any
 performance adjustments to be made to the Williams CEO&#146;s
 annual cash incentive payment.

 Role of
 the Independent Compensation Consultant 

 Frederic W. Cook &#038; Co., Inc. assists the Committee in
 determining or approving the compensation for Williams&#146;
 executive officers. Frederick W. Cook &#038; Co., Inc. will
 serve as the independent compensation consultant to the
 Committee as the Committee provides input and analyzes and
 approves our compensation and benefit plans and policies until
 our compensation committee is formed.

 To assist the Committee in discussions and decisions about
 compensation for the NEOs, the Committee&#146;s independent
 compensation consultant presents competitive market data that
 includes proxy data from the approved Williams&#146; comparator
 group and published compensation data, using the same surveys
 and methodology used for the other NEOs (described in the
 &#147;Role of Management&#148; section in this Compensation
 Discussion and Analysis). The Williams comparator group is
 developed by the Committee&#146;s independent compensation
 consultant, with input from management, and is approved by the
 Committee.

 133

 Table of Contents 

 2010
 Williams&#146; Comparator Group 

 How
 Williams Uses its Comparator Group 

 Williams refers to publicly available data showing how much
 Williams&#146; comparator group pays, as well as how that pay is
 divided among base pay, annual incentive, equity and other forms
 of compensation. This allows the Committee to ensure
 competitiveness and appropriateness of proposed compensation
 packages. When setting pay, the Committee uses market median
 information of Williams&#146; comparator group, as opposed to
 market averages, to ensure that the impact of any unusual events
 that may occur at one or two companies during any particular
 year is diminished from the analysis. If an event is
 particularly unusual and surrounds unique circumstances, the
 data is completely removed from the assessment.

 Composition
 of the Williams Comparator Group 

 Each year the Committee reviews the prior year&#146;s
 Williams&#146; comparator group to ensure that it is still
 appropriate. Williams last made changes to this group for 2009.
 Williams&#146; comparator group focuses on companies that work
 in the same industry segment and reflect where Williams competes
 for business and talent. The 2010 Williams&#146; comparator
 group for 2010 included 20 companies, which comprise a mix
 of both direct competitors to Williams and companies whose
 primary business is similar to at least one of Williams&#146;
 business segments. These companies are included in the chart
 below under the column entitled Williams&#146; 2010 Comparator
 Company Group.

 Characteristics
 of Williams&#146; Comparator Group 

 Companies in Williams&#146; comparator group have a range of
 revenues, assets and market capitalization. Business
 consolidation and unique operating models today create some
 challenges in identifying comparator companies. Accordingly,
 Williams takes a broader view of comparability to include
 organizations that are similar to Williams in some, but not all,
 respects. This results in compensation that is appropriately
 scaled and reflects comparable complexities in business
 operations.

 Composition
 of Our Comparator Group 

 Our comparator company group approved by the Committee is
 provided below. This group is anticipated to be used in making
 our compensation decisions that we currently expect to be
 applied beginning in 2012.

 Williams&#146; 2010 

 Our 

 Comparator 

 Comparator 

 Company 

 Company 

 Company Name 

 Group 

 Group 

 Anadarko Petroleum Corp. 

 X

 Apache Corp. 

 X

 Cabot Oil &#038; Gas Corp. 

 X

 Centerpoint Energy Inc. 

 X

 Chesapeake Energy Corp. 

 X

 X

 Cimarex Energy Corp. 

 X

 Devon Energy Corp. 

 X

 X

 Dominion Resources Inc. 

 X

 El Paso Corp. 

 X

 EOG Resources Inc. 

 X

 X

 EQT Corp. 

 X

 Forest Oil Corp. 

 X

 Hess Corp. 

 X

 Murphy Oil Corp. 

 X

 134

 Table of Contents 

 Williams&#146; 2010 

 Our 

 Comparator 

 Comparator 

 Company 

 Company 

 Company Name 

 Group 

 Group 

 Newfield Exploration Co. 

 X

 NiSource Inc. 

 X

 Noble Energy Inc. 

 X

 X

 Oneok Inc. 

 X

 Petrohawk Energy Corp. 

 X

 Pioneer Natural Resources Co. 

 X

 Plains All American Pipeline

 X

 QEP Resources Inc. 

 X

 Questar Corp. 

 X

 Range Resources Corp. 

 X

 Sandridge Energy Inc. 

 X

 Sempra Energy

 X

 SM Energy Co. 

 X

 Southern Union Co. 

 X

 Southwestern Energy Co. 

 X

 Spectra Energy Corp

 X

 Ultra Petroleum Corp. 

 X

 XTO Energy Inc. (acquired by ExxonMobil&#151;removed)

 X

 Characteristics
 of Our Comparator Group 

 Our comparator group focuses on companies that work in the same
 industry segment and reflect where we compete for business and
 talent. Companies in the comparator group have a range of
 revenues, assets and market capitalization as well as a range of
 operational measures such as production and reserves. Our
 comparator group is appropriately scaled and these
 companies&#146; primary business is similar to ours and is
 subject to similar economic circumstances.

 Williams&#146;
 Pay Setting Process 

 Setting pay for our NEOs historically has been an annual process
 that occurs during the first quarter of the year. The Committee
 completes a review to ensure that pay is competitive, equitable
 and encourages and rewards performance.

 The compensation data of Williams&#146; comparator group
 disclosed in proxy statements is the primary market data used
 when benchmarking the competitive pay of the NEOs. Aggregate
 market data obtained from recognized third-party executive
 compensation survey companies (e.g. Towers Watson, Mercer,
 AonHewitt) is used to supplement and validate Williams&#146;
 comparator group market data for these executive officers.
 Typically, the Committee is presented with a range of annual
 revenues of the companies whose data is included in the
 aggregate analysis provided by the third party survey, but does
 not know the identities of the specific companies included.

 Although the Committee reviews relevant data as it designs
 compensation packages, setting pay is not an exact science.
 Since market data alone does not reflect the strategic
 competitive value of various roles within Williams, internal pay
 equity is also considered when making pay decisions. Because
 Williams applies an enterprise-wide perspective to promote
 collaboration and ensure overall success, paying the executive
 officers equitably is important. Other considerations when
 making pay decisions for the NEOs include historical pay and
 tally sheets that include annual pay and benefit amounts, wealth
 accumulated over the past five years and the total aggregate
 value of the NEOs&#146; equity awards and holdings.

 135

 Table of Contents 

 When setting pay, Williams determines a target pay mix
 (distribution of pay among long-term incentives, annual
 incentives, base pay and other forms of compensation) for the
 NEOs. Consistent with Williams&#146;
 pay-for-performance 
 philosophy, the actual amounts paid, excluding benefits, are
 determined based on Williams&#146; and individual performance.
 The following table provides the 2010 target pay mix by NEO.

 2010 Target Pay Mix by NEO 

 Base 

 Annual 

 Long-Term 

 Salary 

 Incentive 

 Incentive 

 Total 

 Mr. Malcolm

 14

 %

 14

 %

 72

 %

 100

 %

 Mr. Chappel

 20

 %

 15

 %

 65

 %

 100

 %

 Mr. Hill

 19

 %

 13

 %

 68

 %

 100

 %

 Mr. Bender

 23

 %

 15

 %

 62

 %

 100

 %

 Ms. Ewing

 22

 %

 14

 %

 64

 %

 100

 %

 Game Plan
 for Growth 

 Williams&#146; goal for 2010 was to grow the natural gas-based
 businesses in order to generate superior value for investors in
 Williams and Williams Partners. The performance of the NEOs and
 other employees is measured by progress made towards the Game
 Plan for Growth goals. Individual adjustments within
 Williams&#146; annual cash incentive program are based on each
 NEO&#146;s contributions to the Game Plan for Growth. The goals
 defined in the Game Plan for Growth include:

 Invest
 in Growth 

 &#149; 

 Enhance Williams&#146; relationships with customers so that
 Williams continues to grow its competitive advantage and earn
 recognition for the reliable service and value that is essential
 to their success.

 &#149; 

 Invest in Williams&#146; businesses in ways that grow
 EVA &#174; ,

 earnings and cash flows for Williams and Williams Partners; meet
 Williams&#146; customers&#146; needs; and enhance Williams&#146;
 competitive position.

 &#149; 

 Pursue additional investment opportunities in new and emerging
 basins to capture significant, strategic, long-lived growth.

 &#149; 

 Expand Williams&#146; intellectual, operational and leadership
 capacities so that Williams can successfully grow and develop
 high-performing employees and businesses.

 Support
 Williams&#146; Growth 

 &#149; 

 Comply with applicable laws and regulations.

 &#149; 

 Continuously improve Williams&#146; safety and environmental
 compliance performance in all of Williams&#146; operations.

 &#149; 

 Assess and manage risks effectively; take appropriate,
 well-considered risks in order to create value. Exercise
 financial discipline so that Williams&#146; and Williams
 Partners&#146; financial condition is strong and credit ratings
 are investment-grade.

 Deliver
 the Growth 

 &#149; 

 Achieve or exceed Williams&#146;
 EVA &#174; ,

 earnings and cash flow goals. Also achieve attractive growth in
 value for Williams and Williams Partners investors.

 &#149; 

 Openly engage with communities, vendors and other stakeholders
 crucial to Williams&#146; success so that Williams grows the
 competitive advantage we enjoy as a preferred partner.

 &#149; 

 Operate the business in a way that grows Williams&#146;
 reputation as a leader in environmental stewardship.

 136

 Table of Contents 

 During 2010, Williams made significant strides toward achieving
 Williams&#146; Game Plan for Growth. The following are some of
 the most impactful 2010 accomplishments:

 &#149; 

 Completed the transformation of Williams Partners to a large
 diversified master limited partnership with reliable access to
 capital markets. This was accomplished through:

 &#149; 

 Strategic asset drop-downs from Williams to Williams Partners;
 and

 &#149; 

 The merger of Williams Partners and Williams Pipeline Partners
 L.P.

 &#149; 

 Completed significant asset acquisitions in the Marcellus Shale.
 All of Williams&#146; businesses have a strategic presence in
 the Marcellus Shale allowing Williams to leverage the strengths
 of each business unit;

 &#149; 

 Invested $2.8 billion in drilling activity and acquisitions
 in Williams&#146; Exploration &#038; Production business.
 This included $1.7 billion related to acquisitions in the
 Bakken and Marcellus Shale areas. The Bakken Shale transaction
 creates more diversification in Williams&#146; Exploration and
 Production business by expanding the long-term crude oil
 portfolio;

 &#149; 

 Invested $1 billion in capital and investment expenditures
 in the midstream businesses and invested $473 million in
 capital expenditures in Williams&#146; gas pipelines business in
 2010;

 &#149; 

 Expanded ownership of the Overland Pass Pipeline;

 &#149; 

 Maintained Williams&#146; investment grade credit rating while
 achieving an upgrade of Williams Partners to an investment grade
 credit rating; and

 &#149; 

 In addition to continuing to expand Williams&#146; natural gas
 businesses and drive stockholder value, Williams was recognized
 for its efforts to make Williams a great place to work for its
 employees;

 &#149; 

 The Houston Business Journal recognized Williams as a Best Place
 to Work in Houston among companies not based in Houston. This
 was the third year in a row Williams was recognized on the Best
 Place to Work in Houston list;

 &#149; 

 Utah Business magazine named Williams as a finalist in its Best
 Companies to Work for program, where Williams was recognized as
 one of the four best medium-sized companies in Utah for the
 second year in a row;

 &#149; 

 OKCBiz magazine recognized Williams on its Best Places to Work
 in Oklahoma list for the third year in a row; and

 &#149; 

 Tulsa Business Journal&#146;s Economic Development Impact Awards
 recognized Williams as a finalist for the Best Workplace for
 Young Professionals.

 How
 Williams Determines the Amount for Each Type of Pay 

 Long-term incentives, annual cash incentives, base pay and
 benefits accomplish different objectives.

 Long-Term
 Incentives 

 Williams awards long-term incentives to reward performance and
 align NEOs with long-term stockholder interests by providing
 NEOs with an ownership stake in Williams, encouraging sustained
 long-term performance and providing an important retention
 element to their compensation program. Long-term incentives are
 provided in the form of equity and may include performance based
 RSUs, stock options and time-based RSUs.

 To determine the value for long-term incentives granted to an
 NEO each year, Williams considers the following factors:

 &#149; 

 the proportion of long-term incentives relative to base pay;

 &#149; 

 the NEO&#146;s impact on Williams&#146; performance and ability
 to create value;

 137

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 

 long-term business objectives;

 &#149; 

 awards made to NEOs in similar positions within Williams&#146;
 comparator group of companies

 &#149; 

 the market demand for the NEO&#146;s particular skills and
 experience;

 &#149; 

 the amount granted to other NEOs in comparable positions at
 Williams;

 &#149; 

 the NEO&#146;s demonstrated performance over the past few
 years; and

 &#149; 

 the NEO&#146;s leadership performance.

 The allocation of the long-term incentive program for 2010 is
 shown on page 134. The long-term incentive mix for the NEOs
 is shown on page 130.

 The primary objectives for each type of equity awarded are shown
 below. The size of the circles in the chart indicates how
 closely each equity type aligns with each objective.

 Drives operating 

 Stockholder 

 and financial 

 Retention 

 Equity type and Performance Drivers 

 alignment 

 Stock ownership 

 performance 

 Incentive 

 Performance-Based RSUs 
 Absolute and Relative TSR

 &#108; 

 &#108; 

 &#108; 

 Stock Options 
 Stock Price Appreciation

 &#108; 

 &#108;

 &#108;

 Time-Based RSUs 
 Stock Price Appreciation

 &#108;

 &#108; 

 &#108; 

 2010
 Performance-Based RSUs 

 Performance-based RSU awards further strengthen the relationship
 between pay and performance and over time will more closely link
 the long-term pay of the NEOs to the experience of
 Williams&#146; long-term stockholders.

 Williams believes it is important to measure TSR on both an
 absolute and a relative basis. In absolute terms, Williams wants
 to ensure it is delivering a responsible return to stockholders.
 Additionally, Williams believes awards should be influenced by
 how TSR compares to the TSR of companies in Williams&#146;
 comparator group. Shown in the chart below are the absolute and
 relative TSR targets for the performance-based restricted stock
 unit awards for the 2010 to 2012 performance period and the
 continuum that will determine the resulting potential payout
 level:

 2008
 Performance-Based RSUs 

 The performance cycle for Williams&#146; 2008 performance-based
 RSUs ended in 2010. As discussed earlier, Williams did not
 attain threshold performance during the three-year period as a
 result of the global economic crisis. No performance-based RSU
 awards that were granted in 2008 were paid out under this plan.
 This resulted in each NEO losing a significant portion of pay
 that was targeted for
 2008-2010. 
 The performance goals for this award were set during a less
 volatile time based on market guidance and expectations for

 138

 Table of Contents 

 Williams&#146; performance at that time. The following is a
 chart of the threshold, target and stretch goals that were
 established in early 2008.

 EVA &#174; 

 Payout Level as a % of Target 

 (Millions) 

 (Attainment %) 

 Threshold

 $191

 (where incentives start to be earned)

 $299 

 100% 

 $407

 200%

 Stock
 Option Awards 

 For recipients, stock options have value only to the extent the
 price of the common stock is higher on the date the options are
 exercised than it was on the date the options were granted.

 Time-Based
 RSUs 

 Williams uses this type of equity to retain executives and to
 facilitate stock ownership. The use of time-based RSUs is also
 consistent with the practices of Williams&#146; comparator group
 of companies.

 Grant
 Practices 

 Historically, the Committee typically approves the annual equity
 grant in February or early March of each year shortly after the
 annual earnings release. The grant date for awards is on or
 after the date of such approval to ensure the market has time to
 absorb material information disclosed in the earnings release
 and reflect that information in the stock price.

 The grant date for off-cycle grants for individuals who are not
 Williams&#146; executive officers, for reasons such as retention
 or new hires, is the first business day of the month following
 the approval of the grant. By using this consistent approach,
 Williams removes grant timing from the influence of the release
 of material information.

 Looking Forward &#151;We intend to establish an equity
 plan prior to completion of the spin-off (as described in more
 detail below). The form, terms and conditions of future
 long-term incentive awards available for grant thereunder have
 not been determined at this time.

 Annual
 Cash Incentives 

 Williams provides annual cash incentives to encourage and reward
 NEOs for making decisions that improve Williams&#146;
 performance as measured by
 EVA &#174; .

 EVA &#174; 

 measures the value created by a company. Simply stated, it is
 the financial return in a given period less the capital charge
 for that period. The calculation used is as follows:

 EVA &#174; 

 =

 Adjusted Net Operating 
 Profits after Taxes 
 (NOPAT)

 Less 

 Adjusted Capital Charge (the amount 
 of capital invested by Williams 
 multiplied by the cost of capital)

 Generating profits in excess of both operating and capital costs
 (debt and equity) creates
 EVA &#174; .

 If
 EVA &#174; 

 improves, value has been created. The objectives of the
 EVA &#174; 

 -based incentive program are to:

 &#149; 

 Motivate and incent management to choose strategies and
 investments that maximize long-term stockholder value;

 &#149; 

 Offer sufficient incentive compensation to motivate management
 to put forth extra effort, take prudent risks and make tough
 decisions to maximize stockholder value;

 &#149; 

 Provide sufficient total compensation to retain
 management; and

 139

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 

 Limit the cost of compensation to levels that will maximize the
 wealth of current stockholders without compromising the other
 objectives.

 The
 EVA &#174; 

 Calculation 

 EVA &#174; 

 is first calculated as NOPAT less Capital Charge. Williams&#146;
 incentive program allows for the Committee to make adjustments
 to
 EVA &#174; 

 calculations to reflect certain business events. After studying
 companies that utilize
 EVA &#174; 

 as an incentive measure, Williams determined that it is standard
 practice to make adjustments to
 EVA &#174; 

 calculations to create better alignment with stockholders.

 When determining which adjustments are appropriate, Williams is
 guided by the principle that incentive payments should not
 result in unearned windfalls or impose undue penalties. In other
 words, Williams makes adjustments to ensure NEOs are not
 rewarded for positive results they did not facilitate nor are
 they penalized for certain unusual circumstances outside their
 control. Williams believes the adjustments improve the alignment
 of incentives with stockholder value creation and ensure
 EVA &#174; 

 is an incentive measure that effectively encourages NEOs to take
 actions to create value for stockholders. The categories of
 potential adjustments to the
 EVA &#174; 

 calculation are:

 &#149; 

 Gains, losses and impairments;

 &#149; 

 Mark-to-market, 
 commodity price collar and construction
 work-in-progress; and 

 &#149; 

 Other unusual items that could result in unearned windfalls or
 undue penalties to NEOs such as certain litigation matters and
 natural disasters.

 Williams&#146; management regularly reviews with the Committee a
 supplemental scorecard reflecting Williams&#146; segment profit,
 earnings per share, cash flow from operations and safety to
 provide updates regarding Williams&#146; performance as well as
 to ensure alignment between these measures and
 EVA &#174; .

 This scorecard provides the Committee with additional data to
 assist in determining final AIP awards. There is strong
 correlation between Williams&#146;
 EVA &#174; 

 performance and other metrics included on the supplemental
 scorecard.

 The Committee&#146;s independent compensation consultant
 annually compares Williams&#146; relative performance on various
 measures, including total stockholder return, earnings per share
 and cash flow, with Williams&#146; comparator group of
 companies. The Committee also uses this analysis to validate the
 reasonableness of the
 EVA &#174; 

 results.

 Annual
 Cash Incentives&#151;Target 

 The starting point to determine annual cash incentive targets
 (expressed as a percent of base pay) is competitive market
 information, which gives Williams an idea of what other
 companies target to pay in annual cash incentives for similar
 jobs. Williams also considers the internal value of each
 job&#151;i.e., how important the job is to executing its
 strategy compared to other jobs in Williams&#151;before the
 target is set for the year. The annual cash incentive targets as
 a percentage of base pay for the NEOs in 2010 were as follows:

 Mr. Malcolm

 100

 %

 Mr. Chappel

 75

 %

 Other NEOs

 65

 %

 Annual
 Cash Incentives&#151;Actual 

 For NEOs, the annual cash incentive program is funded when
 Williams attains an established level of
 EVA &#174; 

 performance. Applying
 EVA &#174; 

 measurement to this annual cash incentive process encourages
 management to make business decisions that help drive long-term
 stockholder value. To determine the funding of the annual cash
 incentive, Williams uses the following calculation for each NEO:

 Base Pay received in 2010

 X

 Incentive Target %

 X

 EVA &#174; 

 Goal Attainment %

 140

 Table of Contents 

 Actual payments may be adjusted upwards to recognize individual
 performance that exceeded expectations, such as success toward
 the Game Plan for Growth and individual goals and successful
 demonstration of the leadership competencies discussed in the
 Base Pay section on page 140. Payments may also be adjusted
 downwards if performance warrants.

 How
 Williams Sets the
 EVA &#174; 

 Goals 

 Setting the
 EVA &#174; 

 goals for the annual cash incentive program begins with internal
 budgeting and planning. This rigorous process includes an
 evaluation of the challenges and opportunities for Williams and
 each of its business units. The key steps are as follows:

 &#149; 

 Business and financial plans are submitted by the business units
 and consolidated by the corporate planning department.

 &#149; 

 The business and financial plans are reviewed and analyzed by
 Williams&#146; chief executive officer, chief financial officer
 and other named executive officers.

 &#149; 

 Using the plan guidance, Williams&#146; management establishes
 the
 EVA &#174; 

 goal and recommends it to the Committee.

 &#149; 

 The Committee reviews, discusses and makes adjustments as
 necessary to management&#146;s recommendations and sets the goal
 at the beginning of each fiscal year.

 &#149; 

 Thereafter, progress toward the goal is regularly monitored and
 reported to the Committee throughout the year.

 2010
 EVA &#174; 

 Goal for the Annual Cash Incentive Program 

 The attainment percentage of
 EVA &#174; 

 goals results in payment of annual cash incentives along a
 continuum between threshold and stretch levels, which
 corresponds to 0% through 250% of the NEO&#146;s annual cash
 incentive target. The chart below shows the
 EVA &#174; 

 improvement goals for the 2010 annual cash incentive and the
 resulting payout level. It is important to note that setting the
 EVA &#174; 

 goal for 2010 was again challenging considering the uncertain
 economic and commodity price environment. The
 EVA &#174; 

 goal established in 2010 was more challenging than the 2009
 EVA &#174; 

 goal, reflecting an anticipated improvement in economic
 conditions.

 EVA &#174; 

 Payout Level as a % of Target 

 (Millions) 

 (Attainment %) 

 Threshold

 ($563)

 (where incentives start to be earned)

 ($347) 

 100% 

 ($131)

 200%

 As noted,
 EVA &#174; 

 considers both financial earnings and a cost of capital in
 measuring performance. The two main components of
 EVA &#174; 

 are NOPAT and a charge for the cost of capital.
 EVA &#174; ,

 like other performance metrics, has been impacted by the
 economic environment. NOPAT improved from 2009, but fell
 slightly below the 2010 plan while the 2010 charge for the cost
 of capital was better than 2009 and better than plan. As a
 result of the NOPAT and capital charge changes, total
 EVA &#174; 

 improved significantly from 2009 but was only modestly above the
 2010 plan target.

 Based on
 EVA &#174; 

 performance relative to the established goals, the Committee
 certified performance results of ($337) million in
 EVA &#174; 

 and approved payment of the annual cash incentive program at
 105% of target.

 Looking Forward &#151;We intend to establish an annual
 cash incentive program to reward our executive officers. At this
 time, the design of the program, including the target
 opportunity and the performance metric(s), has not been
 determined.

 141

 Table of Contents 

 Base
 Pay 

 Base pay compensates NEOs for carrying out the duties of their
 jobs, and serves as the foundation of Williams&#146; pay
 program. Most other major components of pay are set based on a
 relationship to base pay, including annual and long-term
 incentives and retirement benefits.

 Base pay for NEOs is set considering the market median, with
 potential individual variation from the median due to
 experience, skills and sustained performance of the individual
 as part of Williams&#146;
 pay-for-performance 
 philosophy. Performance is measured in two ways: through the
 &#147;Right Results&#148; obtained in the &#147;Right Way.&#148;
 Right Results considers the NEOs&#146; success in attaining
 their annual goals as they relate to the Game Plan for Growth,
 business unit strategies and personal development plans. Right
 Way reflects the NEOs&#146; behavior as exhibited through
 Williams&#146; leadership competencies. The following table
 contains these competencies grouped within Williams&#146; five
 leadership areas.

 INSPIRE A 

 OPTIMIZE 

 MODEL THE 

 SHARED 

 CHAMPION 

 LEVERAGE 

 BUSINESS 

 WAY 

 VISION 

 INNOVATION 

 TALENT 

 PERFORMANCE 

 Caring About People

 Enterprise Perspective

 Change Leadership

 Building Effective Teams

 Business Acumen

 Integrity

 Vision and Strategic Perspective

 Entrepreneurial Spirit

 Communication

 Customer and Market Focus

 Loyalty and Commitment

 Promoting Diversity and Creativity

 Developing People Resources

 Decision Making

 Willingness to Take Risks

 Empowering Others

 Drive for Results

 Managerial Courage

 Functional/Technical Skills

 Motivating and Inspiring Others

 Looking Forward &#151;Our pay philosophy and comparator
 company group has been determined. This philosophy along with
 comparator company pay information will influence the base pay
 decisions of our executive officers. We currently expect this to
 be applied beginning in 2012.

 Benefits 

 Consistent with Williams&#146; philosophy to emphasize pay for
 performance, NEOs receive very few perquisites (perks) or
 supplemental benefits. They are as follows:

 &#149; 

 Retirement Restoration Benefits. All NEOs
 participate in Williams&#146; qualified retirement program on
 the same terms as other Williams&#146; employees. Williams
 offers a retirement restoration plan to NEOs to maintain a
 proportional level of pension benefits to officers as provided
 to other employees. The Code limits qualified pension benefits
 based on an annual compensation limit. For 2010, the limit was
 $245,000. Any reduction in an NEO&#146;s pension benefit in the
 tax-qualified pension plan due to this limit is made up for
 (subject to a cap) in the unfunded restoration retirement plan.
 Benefits for NEOs are calculated using the same benefit formula
 as that used to calculate benefits for all employees in the
 qualified pension plan. The value of pay in the form of stock
 option or other equity is not used in the formula to calculate
 benefits under the pension plan or restoration plan for NEOs,
 which is consistent with the treatment for all employees.
 Additionally, Williams does not provide a nonqualified benefit
 related to the qualified 401(k) defined contribution retirement
 plan.

 &#149; 

 Financial Planning Allowance. Williams offers
 financial planning to the NEOs to provide expertise on current
 tax laws with personal financial planning and preparations for
 contingencies such as death and disability. In addition, by
 working with a financial planner, executive officers gain a
 better understanding of and appreciation for the programs
 Williams provides, which helps to maximize the retention and
 engagement aspects of the dollars Williams spends on these
 programs.

 142

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 

 Home Security. Williams paid 2010 home
 security system and monitoring fees for its former CEO,
 Mr. Malcolm.

 &#149; 

 Personal Use of Williams&#146; Company
 Aircraft. Williams provides limited personal use
 of Williams&#146; company aircraft at the Williams CEO&#146;s
 discretion. There was limited personal use of Williams&#146;
 company aircraft by the NEOs in 2010 and the details are
 provided in the footnote to the Summary Compensation Table.

 &#149; 

 Event Center. Williams has a suite and club
 seats at an event center that were purchased for business
 purposes. If it is not being used for business purposes,
 Williams makes them available to all employees, including the
 NEOs, as a form of reward and recognition.

 &#149; 

 Executive Physicals. The Committee approved
 physicals for the NEOs beginning in 2009. Executive officer
 physicals align with Williams&#146; wellness initiative as well
 as assist Williams in mitigating risk. These physicals reduce
 vacancy succession risk because they help to identify and
 prevent issues that would leave a role vacated unexpectedly.

 Looking Forward &#151;Our pay philosophy has been
 determined. This information and competitive market information
 will influence the design of our benefits program. The form of
 these designed benefit programs will influence the offering of
 any supplemental benefits. Any perquisites to be offered have
 not been defined at this time.

 Additional
 Components of Williams&#146; Executive Compensation
 Program 

 In addition to establishing the pay elements described above,
 Williams has adopted a number of policies to further the goals
 of the executive compensation program, particularly with respect
 to strengthening the alignment of NEOs&#146; interests with
 stockholder long-term interests.

 Recoupment
 Policy 

 In 2008, the Committee approved a recoupment policy to allow
 Williams to recover incentive-based compensation from executive
 officers in the event Williams is required to restate the
 financial statements due to fraud or intentional misconduct. The
 policy provides the Board discretion to determine situations
 where recovery of incentive pay is appropriate.

 Stock
 Ownership Guidelines 

 All NEOs must hold an equity interest in
 Williams. The chart below shows the NEO stock
 ownership guidelines, which have been in effect since 2005:

 Holding Requirement as 

 a multiple of Base Pay 

 Time Frame for 

 Position 

 2010 

 2011 

 Compliance 

 Mr. Malcolm

 5

 6

 5 Years

 Other NEOs

 3

 3

 5 Years

 Annually the Committee reviews the guidelines for
 competitiveness and alignment with best practice and monitors
 the NEOs&#146; progress toward compliance. The Committee
 increased the Williams CEO&#146;s ownership guideline from five
 times base pay to six times base pay beginning in 2011. Shares
 owned outright and unvested performance-based and time-based
 RSUs count as owned for purposes of the program. Stock options
 are not included. The Committee maintains discretion to modify
 the guidelines in special circumstances of financial hardship
 such as illness of the NEO or a family member.

 Derivative
 Transactions 

 Williams&#146; insider trading policy applies to transactions in
 positions or interests whose value is based on the performance
 or price of the common stock. Because of the inherent potential
 for abuse, Williams prohibits

 143

 Table of Contents 

 officers, directors and certain key employees from entering into
 short sales or use of equivalent derivative securities.

 Accounting
 and Tax Treatment 

 Williams considers the impact of accounting and tax treatment
 when designing all aspects of pay, but the primary driver of its
 program design is to support its business objectives. Stock
 options and performance-based RSUs are intended to satisfy the
 requirements for performance-based compensation as defined in
 Section 162(m) of the Code and are therefore considered a
 tax deductible expense. Time-based RSUs do not qualify as
 performance-based and may not be fully deductible.

 Williams&#146; annual cash incentive program satisfies the
 requirements for performance-based compensation as defined in
 Section 162(m) of the Code and is therefore a tax
 deductible expense. For payments under Williams&#146; annual
 cash incentive program to be considered performance-based
 compensation under Section 162(m), the Committee can only
 exercise negative discretion relative to actual performance when
 determining the amount to be paid. In order to ensure compliance
 with Section 162(m), the Committee has established a target
 in excess of the maximum individual payout allowed to
 Williams&#146; named executive officers under the annual cash
 incentive program. Reductions are made each year and are not a
 reflection of the performance of the Williams&#146; named
 executive officers but rather ensure flexibility with respect to
 paying based upon performance.

 Employment
 Agreements 

 Williams does not enter into employment agreements with the NEOs
 and can remove an NEO when it is in the best interest of the
 Company.

 Termination
 and Severance Arrangements 

 The NEOs are not covered under a severance plan. However the
 Committee may exercise judgment and consider the circumstances
 surrounding each departure and may decide a severance package is
 appropriate. In designing a severance package, the Committee
 takes into consideration the NEO&#146;s term of employment, past
 accomplishments, reasons for separation from Williams and
 competitive market practice. The only pay or benefits an
 employee has a right to receive upon termination of employment
 are those that have already vested or which vest under the terms
 in place when an award was granted.

 Rationale
 for Change in Control Agreements 

 Williams&#146; change in control agreements, in conjunction with
 the NEOs&#146; RSU agreements, provide separation benefits for
 the NEOs. Williams&#146; program includes a double trigger for
 benefits and equity vesting. This means there must be a change
 in control of Williams and the NEO&#146;s employment must
 terminate prior to receiving benefits under the agreement. While
 a double trigger for equity is not the competitive norm of
 Williams&#146; comparator group, this practice creates security
 for the NEOs but does not provide an incentive for NEOs to leave
 Williams. The program is designed to encourage the NEOs to focus
 on the best interests of Williams&#146; stockholders by
 alleviating their concerns about a possible detrimental impact
 to their compensation and benefits under a potential Williams
 change in control, not to provide compensation advantages to
 NEOs for executing a transaction.

 The Committee reviews Williams&#146; change in control benefits
 annually to ensure they are consistent with competitive practice
 and aligned with Williams&#146; compensation philosophy. As part
 of the review, calculations are performed to determine the
 overall program costs to Williams if a change in control event
 were to occur and all covered NEOs were terminated as a result.
 An assessment of competitive norms including the reasonableness
 of the elements of compensation received is used to validate
 benefit levels for a change in control. In reviewing the change
 in control program in 2010 and 2011, the Committee concluded
 that certain changes to the benefits provided are appropriate.
 The Committee approved eliminating the excise tax
 gross-up 
 provision from the change in control program. The Committee
 opted to provide a &#145;best net&#146; provision providing NEOs
 with the better of their after-tax benefit capped at the safe
 harbor amount or their benefit paid in full subjecting them to
 possible excise tax payments. Therefore, in 2011 Williams
 provided the one year

 144

 Table of Contents 

 notice required by the NEOs&#146; change in control agreements
 in order to effect the change in 2012. After this provision is
 implemented, Williams will no longer provide additional
 compensation to address excise taxes. The Committee continues to
 believe that offering a change in control program is appropriate
 and critical to attracting and retaining executive talent and
 keeping them aligned with Williams&#146; stockholder interests
 in the event of a change in control of Williams.

 The following chart details the benefits received if an NEO were
 to be terminated or resigned for a defined good reason following
 a change in control as well as an analysis of those benefits as
 it relates to Williams, stockholders and the NEO. Please also
 see the &#147;Change in Control Agreements&#148; section below
 for further discussion of Williams&#146; change in control
 program.

 What does the 

 benefit provide to 

 What does the 

 Change in Control 

 Williams and 

 benefit provide to 

 Benefit 

 stockholders? 

 the NEO? 

 Multiple of 3x base pay plus annual cash incentive at target

 Encourages NEOs to remain engaged and stay focused on
 successfully closing the transaction.

 Financial security for the NEO equivalent to three years of
 continued employment.

 Accelerated vesting of stock awards

 An incentive to stay during and after a change in control. If
 there is risk of forfeiture, NEOs may be less inclined to stay
 or to support the transaction.

 The NEOs are kept whole, if they have a separation from service
 following a change in control.

 Up to 18 months of medical or health coverage through COBRA

 This is a minimal cost to Williams that creates a competitive
 benefit.

 Access to health coverage.

 3x the previous year&#146;s retirement restoration allocation

 This is a minimal cost to Williams that creates a competitive
 benefit.

 May allow those NEOs who are nearing retirement to receive a
 cash payment to make up for lost allocations due to a change in
 control.

 Reimbursement of legal fees to enforce benefit

 Keeps NEOs focused on Williams and not concerned about whether
 the acquiring company will honor commitments after a change in
 control.

 Security during a non-stable period of time.

 Outplacement assistance

 Keeps NEOs focused on supporting the transaction and less
 concerned about trying to secure another position.

 Assists NEOs in finding a comparable executive position.

 Looking Forward &#151;We have yet to determine the extent
 to which any of these programs may be provided to our executive
 officers.

 145

 Table of Contents 

 Our
 Equity Plans Following the Spin-Off 

 After the completion of the spin-off, we will have an equity
 incentive plan and an employee stock purchase plan, which are
 summarized below.

 2011
 Incentive Plan 

 The following is a summary of the material terms of the WPX
 Energy, Inc. 2011 Incentive Plan, which is referred to as the
 2011 Incentive Plan. The 2011 Incentive Plan will be adopted by
 our board of directors. This description is not complete. For
 more information, we refer you to the full text of the 2011
 Incentive Plan, which we filed as an exhibit to the registration
 statement of which this information statement forms a part.

 The 2011 Incentive Plan authorizes the grant of nonqualified
 stock options, incentive stock options, stock appreciation
 rights (SARs), restricted stock, restricted stock units (RSUs),
 performance shares, performance units and other stock-based
 awards valued in whole or in part by reference to or otherwise
 based on the common stock or other securities, and non-equity
 incentive awards that are not valued by reference to or payable
 in shares, to our employees, officers and non-employee directors
 for the purpose of strengthening their commitment to the success
 of the Company and stimulating their efforts on behalf of the
 Company, as well as attracting and retained employees, officers
 and non-employee directors. The number of shares of common stock
 issuable pursuant to all awards granted under the 2011 Incentive
 Plan shall not exceed 11,000,000 shares. No awards have
 been granted under the 2011 Incentive Plan to date. The number
 of shares issued or reserved pursuant to the 2011 Incentive Plan
 (or pursuant to outstanding awards) is subject to adjustment as
 a result of mergers, consolidations, reorganizations, stock
 splits, stock dividends and other changes in our common stock.
 If any shares subject to any award under the 2011 Incentive Plan
 are forfeited or payment is made in a form other than shares or
 the award otherwise terminates without payment being made, the
 shares subject to such awards generally may again be available
 for issuance under the 2011 Incentive Plan. However, shares
 withheld or surrendered in payment of the exercise price for
 stock options or withheld for taxes upon the exercise or
 settlement of an award will not be available for issuance under
 the 2011 Incentive Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an
 unlimited number of shares may be issued under the 2011
 Incentive Plan upon the assumption of, or in substitution for,
 outstanding awards previously granted by an entity in connection
 with a corporate transaction, unless otherwise expressly
 provided for under the 2011 Incentive Plan.

 Administration. The 2011 Incentive Plan will
 be administered by either the full board of directors or a
 committee as designated by the board of directors (referred to
 herein as the &#147;committee&#148;). Except to the extent the
 board of directors reserves administrative powers to itself or
 appoints a different committee to administer the 2011 Incentive
 Plan, the committee will be the board of directors with respect
 to all non-employee director grantees and the compensation
 committee of the board of directors with respect to all
 executive officer grantees. Unless the board of directors or the
 compensation committee chooses to administer the 2011 Incentive
 Plan with respect to other non-executive officer grantees, a
 committee consisting of the CEO will do so, provided the CEO is
 a member of the board of directors. In addition, to the extent
 that the board of directors considers it desirable to comply
 with
 Rule 16b-3 
 of the Exchange Act or meet the performance-based exception to
 tax deductibility limitations under Internal Revenue Code
 Section 162(m), the committee will consist of two or more
 members of the board of directors, all of whom qualify both as
 &#147;outside directors&#148; within the meaning of Internal
 Revenue Code Section 162(m) and &#147;non-employee
 directors&#148; within the meaning of
 Rule 16b-3 
 of the Exchange Act. Subject to the terms of the 2011 Incentive
 Plan, the committee has full power and sole discretion to
 administer the 2011 Incentive Plan, including, among other
 things, to select when, to whom and in what types and amounts
 awards will be granted; to determine the terms and conditions of
 awards, including but not limited to the term, the vesting
 schedule, restrictions, and performance criteria relating to any
 award; to determine the settlement, cancellation, forfeiture,
 exchange or surrender of any award; to make adjustments in the
 terms and conditions of awards; to construe and interpret the
 2011 Incentive Plan and any award agreement; to establish, amend
 and revoke rules and regulations for the administration of the
 2011 Incentive Plan; to make all determinations deemed necessary
 or advisable for

 146

 Table of Contents 

 administration of the 2011 Incentive Plan; and to exercise any
 powers and perform any acts it deems necessary or advisable to
 administer the 2011 Incentive Plan.

 Eligibility. Our employees, officers and
 non-employee directors are eligible to receive awards under the
 2011 Incentive Plan, as determined by the committee.

 Limits on Awards. The 2011 Incentive Plan
 contains several limits on the number of shares and the amount
 of cash that may be issued as awards.

 To the extent the committee determines that compliance with the
 performance-based exception to tax deductibility limitations
 under Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m) is desirable,
 the maximum number of shares of common stock that may be subject
 to one or more awards to any individual pursuant to the 2011
 Incentive Plan during any calendar year is 3,500,000 shares
 of common stock, and the maximum potential value of awards to be
 settled in cash or property (other than shares) that may be
 granted with respect to any calendar year shall not exceed
 $15,000,000 as to each individual.

 Stock Options. The committee is authorized to
 grant stock options, including incentive stock options and
 non-qualified stock options. A stock option allows a grantee to
 purchase a specified number of shares at a predetermined
 exercise price during a fixed period measured from the date of
 grant. The exercise price per share of stock subject to a stock
 option is determined by the committee and cannot be less than
 100% of the fair market value of a share on the grant date.
 Except in the case of a change in our capital structure,
 extraordinary distribution to stockholders, or other corporate
 transaction or event that affects our common stock, the
 committee shall not reprice an option without stockholder
 approval. The term of each option is fixed by the committee,
 provided that it may not exceed ten years from the grant date.
 Such awards may vest and become exercisable in whole or in part
 at such time or times as determined by the committee. Options
 may be exercised by payment of the purchase price in cash or
 stock as provided in the 2011 Incentive Plan, subject to
 approval of the committee.

 Stock Appreciation Rights. The committee may
 grant stock appreciation rights, which entitle a grantee the
 right to receive upon exercise of the stock appreciation right
 an amount equal to the difference between base amount of the
 stock appreciation right and the fair market value of a share on
 the exercise date, multiplied by the number of shares with
 respect to which the stock appreciation right relates. The
 committee determines the terms and conditions of such awards,
 including the base amount of the stock appreciation right.
 Except in the case of a change in our capital structure, an
 extraordinary distribution to stockholders, or other corporate
 transaction or event that affects our common stock, the
 committee shall not reprice a stock appreciation right without
 stockholder approval.

 Restricted Stock. The committee may award
 restricted stock consisting of shares that may not be
 transferred or disposed of by grantees until certain
 restrictions on such shares as established by the committee
 lapse. A grantee receiving restricted stock will have all of the
 rights of a stockholder, including the right to vote the shares
 and the right to receive any dividends on shares once they vest,
 unless the committee otherwise determines.

 Restricted Stock Units. The committee may also
 make awards of restricted stock units, consisting of a right to
 receive shares at a future date upon the satisfaction of certain
 conditions set forth in the award agreement. Awards of
 restricted stock units are subject to such limitations as the
 committee may impose, which limitations may lapse at the end of
 a specified period, in installments or otherwise. Restricted
 stock unit awards carry no voting or dividend rights or other
 rights associated with stock ownership.

 Performance Units. The committee may grant
 performance units, which entitle a grantee to cash or shares
 conditioned upon the fulfillment of certain performance
 conditions and other restrictions as specified by the committee.
 A performance unit is valued based upon a value established by
 the committee. The committee will determine the terms and
 conditions of such awards, including performance and other
 restrictions placed on these awards. Performance measures may be
 selected from among those listed in the 2011 Incentive Plan, as
 described below, or other specific criteria determined by the
 committee, in each case, over any period or periods determined
 by the committee.

 147

 Table of Contents 

 Performance Shares. The committee may grant
 performance shares, which entitle a grantee to a certain number
 of shares of common stock, conditioned upon the fulfillment of
 certain performance conditions and other restrictions as
 specified by the committee. The committee will determine the
 terms and conditions of such awards, including performance and
 other restrictions placed on these awards. Performance measures
 may be selected from among those listed in the 2011 Incentive
 Plan, as described below, or other specific criteria determined
 by the committee, in each case, over any period or periods
 determined by the committee.

 Non-Equity Incentive Awards. The committee may
 grant non-equity incentive awards, which awards are under the
 2011 Incentive Plan that are not granted, valued by reference
 to, or payable in shares of common stock, alone or in
 conjunction with other awards. The committee will determine the
 terms and conditions of such awards, including performance and
 other restrictions placed on these awards. Performance measures
 may be selected from among those listed in the 2011 Incentive
 Plan, as described below, or other specific criteria determined
 by the committee, in each case, over any period or periods
 determined by the committee.

 Other Stock-Based Awards. In order to enable
 us to respond to significant regulatory developments as well as
 to trends in executive compensation practices, the 2011
 Incentive Plan authorizes the committee to grant awards that are
 valued in whole or in part by reference to or otherwise based on
 our securities. The committee shall determine the terms and
 conditions of such awards, including consideration paid for
 awards granted as share purchase rights and whether awards are
 paid in shares or cash.

 Non-Employee Director Annual
 Grants. Generally, each member of our board of
 directors who is not our employee will be granted on each
 regularly scheduled annual meeting of stockholders or at such
 other time as the board of directors may, in its sole
 discretion, determine, restricted stock units, restricted stock
 or a combination thereof representing
 and/or 
 shares having a fair market value on the grant date of up to
 $300,000. A person who first becomes a non- employee director
 after the conclusion of the annual meeting of stockholders and
 prior to August 1 of any year shall be granted the full director
 annual grant for such year as of December 15. A person who
 first becomes a non-employee director on or after August 1 of
 any year from and after 2012 and prior to the first annual
 meeting of stockholders following the date the person becomes a
 non-employee director shall be granted a prorated director
 annual grant for such first year as set forth in the 2011
 Incentive Plan.

 Non-employee directors may elect to defer receipt of payment of
 restricted stock units awarded in lieu of cash or shares, as
 applicable, with respect to director annual grants or director
 fees, until a time after the date that they would otherwise vest
 in accordance with the terms of the 2011 Incentive Plan.

 Performance-Based Awards. The committee may
 require satisfaction of pre-established performance goals,
 consisting of one or more business criteria and a targeted
 performance level with respect to such criteria, as a condition
 of awards being granted or becoming exercisable or payable under
 the 2011 Incentive Plan, or as a condition to accelerating the
 timing of the grant or vesting of an award. The performance
 measure(s) to be used for purposes of any awards intended to
 satisfy the &#147;performance-based&#148; exception to the
 limitations of Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m) must be
 chosen from among the following: (i) earnings (either in
 the aggregate or on a per-share basis); (ii) net income;
 (iii) operating income; (iv) operating profit;
 (v) cash flow; (vi) stockholder returns (including
 return on assets, investments, equity, or gross sales)
 (including income applicable to common stockholders or other
 class of stockholders); (vii) return measures (including
 return on assets, equity, sales or capital expenditures);
 (viii) earnings before or after either, or any combination
 of, interest, taxes, depreciation or amortization (EBITDA);
 (ix) gross revenues; (x) share price (including growth
 measures and total stockholder return or attainment by the
 shares of a specified value for a specified period of time);
 (xi) reductions in expense levels in each case where
 applicable determined either in a Company-wide basis or in
 respect of any one or more business units; (xii) net
 economic value; (xiii) market share; (xiv) annual net
 income to common stock; (xv) earnings per share;
 (xvi) annual cash flow provided by operations;
 (xvii) changes in annual revenues; (xviii) strategic
 business criteria, consisting of one or more objectives based on
 meeting specified revenue, market penetration, geographic
 business expansion goals, objectively identified project
 milestones, production volume levels, cost targets, and goals
 relating to acquisitions or divestitures; (xix) reserve
 growth (reserve replacement) or reserves per share;
 (xx) reserve replacement efficiency ratio;
 (xxi) productions growth or production per share;
 (xxii) drilling results;

 148

 Table of Contents 

 (xxiii) development costs; (xxiv) economic value
 added; (xxv) sales; (xxvi) costs; (xxvii) results
 of customer satisfaction surveys; (xxviii) aggregate
 product price and other product price measures;
 (xxix) safety record; (xxx) service reliability;
 (xxxi) operating and maintenance cost management;
 (xxxii) energy production availability performance
 measures; (xxxiii) debt rating;
 and/or 
 (xxxiv) achievement of objective business or operational
 goals such as market share
 and/or 
 business development; provided that clauses (i) through
 (vii) may be measured on a pre- or post-tax basis; and
 provided further that the committee may, on the grant date of an
 award intended to comply with the &#147;performance-based&#148;
 exception to the limitations of Section 162(m), and in the
 case of other grants, at any time, provide that the formula for
 such award may include or exclude items to measure specific
 objectives, such as losses from discontinued operations,
 extraordinary gains or losses, the cumulative effect of
 accounting changes, acquisitions or divestitures, foreign
 exchange impacts and any unusual, nonrecurring gain or loss. For
 awards intended to comply with the &#147;performance-based&#148;
 exception to the limitations of Section 162(m), the
 committee shall set the performance measures within the time
 period prescribed by Section 162(m). The levels of
 performance required with respect to performance measures may be
 expressed in absolute or relative levels and may be based upon a
 set increase, set positive result, maintenance of the status
 quo, set decrease or set negative result, and may be measured
 annually, cumulatively over a period of years or over such other
 period determined by the committee. Performance measures may
 differ for awards to different grantees. The committee shall
 specify the weighting (which may be the same or different for
 multiple objectives) to be given to each performance measure for
 purposes of determining the final amount payable with respect to
 any such award. Any one or more of the performance measures may
 apply to the grantee, to a department, unit, division or
 function within the Company or any one or more of its
 affiliates, or to the Company
 and/or any
 one or more of its affiliates; and may apply either alone or
 relative to the performance of other businesses or individuals
 (including industry or general market indices). The committee
 has the discretion to adjust the determinations of the degree of
 attainment of the pre-established performance goals; provided,
 however, that awards which are designed to qualify for the
 performance-based exception to the limitations of
 Section 162(m) may not be adjusted upward (the committee
 retains the discretion to adjust such awards downward) so as to
 cause the performance based exception to be unavailable. The
 committee may not delegate any responsibility with respect to
 awards intended to qualify for the performance-based exception.
 All determinations by the committee as to the achievement of the
 performance measure(s) will be in writing prior to payment of
 the award.

 Payment and Deferral of Awards. The committee
 may require or permit grantees to defer the distribution of all
 or part of an award in accordance with such terms and conditions
 as the committee may establish. The 2011 Incentive Plan is
 intended to constitute an &#147;unfunded&#148; plan for
 incentive and deferred compensation, provided, that the 2011
 Incentive Plan authorizes the committee to place shares or other
 property in trusts or to make other arrangements to provide for
 payment of obligations under the 2011 Incentive Plan, which
 trusts or other arrangements shall be consistent with the
 &#147;unfunded&#148; status of the 2011 Incentive Plan, unless
 the committee otherwise determines. We may require as a
 condition to the payment of an award that the grantee satisfy
 applicable withholding taxes and may provide that a portion of
 the stock or other property to be distributed will be withheld
 to satisfy such tax obligations.

 Transfer Limitations on Awards. Awards granted
 under the 2011 Incentive Plan generally may not be assigned,
 alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or
 encumbered except by will or by the laws of descent and
 distribution. Each award will be exercisable during the
 grantee&#146;s lifetime only by the grantee or, if permitted
 under applicable law, by the grantee&#146;s guardian or legal
 representative. However, certain transfers of awards for estate
 incentive planning or wealth transfer incentive planning
 purposes may be permitted in the discretion of the committee in
 accordance with the 2011 Incentive Plan.

 Amendment and Termination. The 2011 Incentive
 Plan may be amended, altered, suspended, discontinued, or
 terminated by the board of directors in whole or in part without
 further stockholder approval, unless such approval of an
 amendment or alteration is required by law or regulation or
 under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange (or any
 securities exchange or other form of securities market on which
 the common stock is then listed or quoted). The board of
 directors, in its discretion, may seek to obtain stockholder
 approval for amendments or other actions affecting the 2011
 Incentive Plan for which stockholder

 149

 Table of Contents 

 approval is not required in any circumstance that the board of
 directors determines such approval would be advisable. In
 addition, except as otherwise specifically permitted in the 2011
 Incentive Plan or any award agreement thereunder, no amendment,
 modification or termination of the 2011 Incentive Plan may
 adversely affect in any material way any award previously
 granted under the 2011 Incentive Plan, without the written
 consent of the grantee of such award, other than an amendment to
 the change in control provisions of the 2011 Incentive Plan
 prior to the time that a change in control of us may occur).

 In no event may an award be granted pursuant to the 2011
 Incentive Plan on or after the tenth anniversary of the date our
 board of directors approved the 2011 Incentive Plan.

 Change in Control. If, upon or within two
 years after a &#147;change in control&#148; (as defined in the
 2011 Incentive Plan), a grantee has a termination of affiliation
 with the Company and its affiliates (but not including a
 termination of service as a director), excluding any transfer to
 the Company or its affiliates, voluntarily for &#147;good
 reason&#148; or involuntarily (other than due to
 &#147;cause,&#148; death, &#147;disability,&#148; or
 &#147;retirement&#148; (each as defined in the 2011 Incentive
 Plan): (i) all of the grantee&#146;s outstanding awards
 will become fully vested, (ii) all performance criteria
 will be deemed achieved or fulfilled (at their target level, to
 the extent applicable), and (iii) the any nonqualified
 options subject to such accelerated vesting will continue to be
 exercisable after such termination of affiliation for
 18 months (or if less, the remaining original option term).

 Assumption of Certain Williams Equity Incentive
 Awards. In connection with and at the time of the
 spin-off, it
 is anticipated that we will assume
 equity-based 
 incentive compensation awards granted by Williams to our
 employees as follows: (i) we will assume all Williams
 restricted stock units awards granted to our employees prior to
 the date of the
 spin-off 
 (including
 time-based 
 and performance-based restricted stock units) and convert such
 awards into restricted stock units with respect to our common
 stock with substantially the same terms and conditions as in
 effect prior to the
 spin-off, 
 (ii) we will assume all outstanding Williams stock options
 granted to our employees after December 31, 2005 and prior
 to the date of the
 spin-off and
 convert such awards into options to acquire our common stock
 with substantially the same terms and conditions as in effect
 prior to the
 spin-off, 
 (iii) we will assume all outstanding Williams stock options
 granted to our employees prior to December 31, 2005 and
 convert such awards into options to acquire a number of shares
 of our common stock and Williams common stock (in proportions
 reflecting the same ratio as is used in the distribution of WPX
 common stock to holders of Williams common stock) with
 substantially the same terms and conditions as in effect prior
 to the
 spin-off, in
 each case, with such equitable adjustments as reasonably
 necessary to prevent a dilution or enlargement of the
 employees&#146; rights thereunder (including equitable
 adjustments to the manner in which total stockholder return is
 calculated for purposes of
 performance-based 
 restricted stock units).

 Employee
 Stock Purchase Plan 

 The following is a summary of the material terms of the WPX
 Energy, Inc. 2011 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which is
 referred to as the ESPP. The ESPP will be adopted by our board
 of directors. This description is not complete. For more
 information, we refer you to the full text of the ESPP, which we
 filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this
 information statement forms a part.

 The ESPP provides our employees the opportunity to purchase our
 common stock through payroll deductions. The maximum number of
 shares that shall be made available for sale under the ESPP is
 1,000,000 shares. This number may be adjusted for stock
 splits and similar events. If the total number of shares that
 would otherwise be subject to rights to purchase at the
 beginning of an offering period exceeds the number of shares
 then available under the ESPP, the committee will make a pro
 rata allocation of the shares remaining available under the
 ESPP. In such event, the committee will give affected
 participants written notice of the number of shares of common
 stock allocated and will reduce the rate of payroll deductions
 as necessary.

 Administration. The ESPP will be administered
 by either the board of directors or a committee as designated by
 our board of directors (referred to herein as the
 &#147;committee&#148;). Subject to the provisions of the ESPP,
 the committee will have full power and authority to promulgate
 rules and regulations as it deems necessary for the proper
 administration of the ESPP, to interpret the provisions and
 supervise the

 150

 Table of Contents 

 administration of the ESPP and to take all action in connection
 with or related to the ESPP as it deems necessary or advisable.

 Eligibility. Employees are generally eligible
 to participate in the ESPP if they are (i) customarily
 employed by us or one of our designated subsidiaries and
 (ii) employed as of the first day of the offering period;
 but in all cases excluding any such employee who is a highly
 compensated employee within the meaning of Section 414(q)
 of the Code and who holds a position that has been classified as
 an executive position by our executive compensation department.
 However, such employees will not be eligible to participate in
 the ESPP if, immediately following the grant, they (or any other
 person whose stock would be attributed to them pursuant to
 Section 424(d) of the Code) would possess common stock
 and/or hold
 outstanding options to purchase stock, or stock of a subsidiary,
 representing 5% or more of the total combined voting power or
 value of all such classes of stock or of any subsidiary.

 Offering Period. The ESPP generally provides
 for offerings beginning on the first day of the year or the
 first day of the seventh month of the year (the &#147;offering
 date&#148;) and concludes on the last day of the sixth month
 after the offering date (the &#147;purchase date&#148;). The six
 month period for which an offering is effective is referred to
 as an &#147;offering period&#148;. However, the first offering
 period under the ESPP is anticipated to be a shorter offering
 period beginning on a date following the completion of the
 spin-off to be designated by the committee and ending on
 June 30, 2012, or such later date designated by the
 committee. Eligible employees may elect to participate in an
 offering period. Such election shall provide the right to
 purchase shares of common stock on the purchase date of such
 offering period. The number of shares of common stock shall be
 determined by dividing each participant&#146;s payroll
 deductions accumulated during each offering period prior to such
 purchase date and retained in the participant&#146;s payroll
 deduction account as of such purchase date by the applicable
 purchase price. The right to purchase shares of common stock
 with respect to an offering period will expire on the purchase
 date.

 In general, the maximum payroll deduction for the ESPP, to be
 applied annually, is $15,000, or such greater amount as
 designated by the committee. In general, the maximum payroll
 deductions that a participant may elect for any offering period
 shall not exceed $7,500.

 Purchase of Stock; Limitations on Purchase of
 Stock. Unless a participant reduces his or her
 payroll deduction to zero, or otherwise becomes ineligible, the
 purchase of shares of common stock will be exercised
 automatically on each purchase date, and, subject to the
 limitations on the number of shares that may be purchased under
 the ESPP, the maximum number of shares will be purchased for
 such participant at the applicable purchase price with the
 accumulated payroll deductions elected to be withheld under the
 ESPP. Participants may not purchase shares of common stock under
 the ESPP to the extent that their rights to purchase shares
 under the ESPP, when combined with all other rights and options
 granted to them under all employee stock purchase ESPPs or any
 subsidiary corporation ESPPs, would permit them to purchase
 shares of common stock with a fair market value (determined on
 the first day of the applicable offering period) in excess of
 $25,000 for any calendar year in which such purchase right is
 outstanding at any time. In order to comply with this $25,000
 limitation, we may decrease the rate of payroll deductions to
 zero percent at any time during the offering period.

 Purchase Price. The purchase price per share
 of common stock under the ESPP will be the lesser of:
 (i) 85% of the fair market value of a share of common stock
 on the offering date and (ii) 85% of the fair market value
 of a share of common stock on the purchase date.

 Termination of Employment. Upon termination of
 a participant&#146;s employment during the offering period for
 any reason, including voluntary termination, retirement or
 death, the payroll deductions credited to the ESPP (that have
 not been used to purchase shares of common stock) will be
 returned to him or her or, in the case of his or her death, to
 the person or persons entitled thereto. The participant&#146;s
 option will be automatically terminated. Such termination will
 be deemed a withdrawal from the ESPP.

 Transferability. Rights under the ESPP are not
 transferable by participants, other than by will or the laws of
 descent and distribution or as otherwise allowed by the ESPP by
 way of designation of a beneficiary.

 151

 Table of Contents 

 Any such attempt at assignment, transfer, pledge or other
 disposition will have no effect, except that we may treat such
 act as an election to withdraw funds.

 Amendment; Termination. The board may at any
 time and for any reason terminate or amend the ESPP. Except as
 allowed by the ESPP generally with respect to changes in
 capitalization or corporate transactions, no such termination of
 the ESPP may affect options previously granted. Additionally,
 except as allowed by the ESPP generally with respect to changes
 in capitalization or corporate transactions, no such amendment
 to the ESPP shall make any change in any option previously
 granted that adversely affects the rights of any participant. We
 will obtain stockholder approval of any amendment in such a
 manner and to such a degree as required to the extent necessary
 to comply with Section 423 of the Code or any other
 applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rule.

 Executive
 Compensation and Other Information 

 2010
 Summary Compensation Table 

 The following table sets forth certain information with respect
 to the compensation of the NEOs earned during fiscal years 2010,
 2009 and 2008.

 Change in 

 Pension 

 Value and 

 Nonqualified 

 Non-Equity 

 Deferred 

 Name and Principal 

 Stock 

 Option 

 Incentive Plan 

 Compensation 

 All Other 

 Position(1) 

 Year 

 Salary(2) 

 Bonus 

 Awards(3) 

 Awards(4) 

 Compensation(5) 

 Earnings(6) 

 Compensation(7) 

 Total 

 Steven J. Malcolm

 2010

 $

 1,100,000

 $

 &#151;

 $

 2,936,283

 $

 1,902,806

 $

 1,276,378

 $

 744,426

 $

 43,805

 $

 8,003,698

 Former Chairman, President &#038;

 2009

 1,142,308

 &#151;

 2,116,863

 2,846,407

 1,903,360

 1,399,796

 71,100

 9,479,835

 Chief Executive Officer

 2008

 1,094,231

 &#151;

 2,906,309

 2,789,127

 2,000,000

 1,201,514

 56,134

 10,047,315

 of Williams

 Donald R. Chappel

 2010

 610,154

 &#151;

 1,436,882

 407,743

 559,052

 225,539

 16,320

 3,255,690

 Chief Financial Officer

 2009

 623,077

 &#151;

 1,242,734

 618,783

 765,047

 383,380

 16,320

 3,649,341

 of Williams

 2008

 597,115

 &#151;

 2,114,349

 651,405

 780,008

 330,531

 15,744

 4,489,152

 Ralph A. Hill

 2010

 493,208

 &#151;

 1,257,287

 356,777

 384,479

 315,626

 16,304

 2,823,681

 Senior Vice President &#151;

 2009

 503,654

 &#151;

 1,056,319

 525,969

 566,473

 427,867

 37,786

 3,118,068

 Exploration &#038; Production of Williams

 2008

 480,962

 &#151;

 1,606,867

 495,071

 579,633

 363,151

 30,371

 3,556,055

 James J. Bender

 2010

 477,954

 &#151;

 933,975

 265,033

 359,122

 188,427

 33,900

 2,258,411

 Senior Vice President and General

 2009

 488,077

 &#151;

 807,773

 402,209

 522,119

 250,679

 26,647

 2,497,504

 Counsel of Williams

 2008

 466,538

 &#151;

 1,271,209

 390,840

 533,132

 216,799

 30,323

 2,908,842

 Robyn L. Ewing

 2010

 442,692

 &#151;

 933,975

 265,033

 328,364

 233,254

 35,579

 2,238,897

 Senior Vice President and Chief

 2009

 446,538

 &#151;

 745,640

 371,269

 485,362

 304,374

 31,093

 2,384,277

 Administrative Officer of

 2008

 370,198

 &#151;

 299,757

 118,485

 435,072

 248,784

 30,096

 1,502,392

 Williams

 (1) 

 Name and Principal Position. On January 3, 2011
 Mr. Malcolm retired as Chairman, President and Chief
 Executive Officer of Williams. 

 (2) 

 Salary . All NEOs did not receive a salary increase in
 2009. The increase in the reported 2009 salary was due to a
 payroll timing issue resulting in a 27th bi-weekly paycheck
 being issued in the calendar year. 

 (3) 

 Stock Awards. Awards were granted under the terms of
 Williams&#146; 2007 Incentive Plan and include time-based and
 performance-based RSUs. Amounts shown are the grant date fair
 value of awards computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718.
 The assumptions used to value the stock awards can be found in
 Williams&#146; Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the year-ended December 31, 2010. 

 The potential maximum values of the performance-based RSUs,
 subject to changes in performance outcomes, are as follows: 

 2010 Performance-Based RSU 

 Maximum potential 

 Steven J. Malcolm

 $

 5,872,566

 Donald R. Chappel

 1,468,141

 Ralph A. Hill

 1,284,639

 James J. Bender

 954,294

 Robyn L. Ewing

 954,294

 152

 Table of Contents 

 (4) 

 Option Awards. Awards are granted under the terms of
 Williams&#146; 2007 Incentive Plan and include non-qualified
 stock options. Amounts shown are the grant date fair value of
 awards computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The
 assumptions used to value the option awards can be found in our
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K 
 for the year-ended December 31, 2010. 

 (5) 

 Non-Equity Incentive Plan . Under Williams&#146; AIP, the
 maximum annual incentive pool funding for NEOs is 250% of
 target. The reserve provision of the AIP was eliminated in 2009
 and the outstanding balances for the NEOs remained at risk over
 a three year performance period in which threshold performance
 levels must be attained in order for the balances to be paid and
 will be reduced if threshold is not met in accordance with
 previous plan provisions. Threshold performance was met in 2009
 and 2010 and a portion of the respective reserve balance was
 paid to each NEO each year. 

 The annual cash incentive and reserve amounts paid in 2011 as it
 relates to 2010 performance are as follows: 

 Amount of 

 Total AIP plus 

 Reserve 

 AIP 

 Reserve 

 Reserve 

 Balance 

 for 2010 

 Paid in 2011 

 for 2010 

 Steven J. Malcolm

 $

 242,756

 $

 1,155,000

 $

 121,378

 $

 1,276,378

 Donald R. Chappel

 60,103

 529,000

 30,052

 559,052

 Ralph A. Hill

 72,958

 348,000

 36,479

 384,479

 James J. Bender

 44,244

 337,000

 22,122

 359,122

 Robyn L. Ewing

 20,728

 318,000

 10,364

 328,364

 (6) 

 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred
 Compensation Earnings. The amount shown is the aggregate
 change from December 31, 2009 to December 31, 2010 in
 the actuarial present value of the accrued benefit under the
 qualified pension and supplemental plan sponsored by Williams.
 Please refer to the &#147;Pension Benefits&#148; table for
 further details of the present value of the accrued benefit. The
 underlying benefit programs have been consistent during the time
 period displayed. The primary reason for the fluctuation in the
 change in present value during this time is due to the use of
 updated discount rates and conversion rates. 

 (7) 

 All Other Compensation. Amounts shown represent payments
 by Williams made on behalf of the NEOs and includes life
 insurance premium, a 401(k) matching contribution and
 perquisites (if applicable). Perquisites include financial
 planning services, mandated annual physical exam, home security
 monitoring for the CEO and personal use of Williams&#146;
 company aircraft. The incremental cost method was used to
 calculate the personal use of the Company aircraft. The
 incremental cost calculation includes such items as fuel,
 maintenance, weather and airport services, pilot meals, pilot
 overnight expenses, aircraft telephone and catering. The amounts
 of perquisites for Mr. Malcolm, Mr. Bender and
 Ms. Ewing are included because the aggregate amounts exceed
 $10,000. 

 Company 

 Annual 

 Aircraft 

 Financial 

 Physical 

 Home 

 Personal 

 Planning 

 Exam 

 Security 

 Usage 

 Steven J. Malcolm

 $

 15,000

 $

 0

 $

 438

 $

 12,047

 James J. Bender

 15,000

 2,646

 0

 0

 Robyn L. Ewing

 15,000

 4,437

 0

 0

 153

 Table of Contents 

 2010
 Grants of Williams&#146; Plan Based Awards 

 The following table sets forth certain information with respect
 to the grant of stock options to acquire Williams&#146; stock,
 RSUs with respect to Williams&#146; stock and awards payable
 under Williams&#146; annual cash incentive program during the
 fiscal year 2010 to the NEOs.

 All Other 

 Stock 

 All Other 

 Awards: 

 Option 

 Grant 

 Number 

 Awards 

 Exercise 

 Date Fair 

 of Shares 

 Number of 

 or Base 

 Value of 

 Equity Future Payouts Under 

 Estimated Future Payouts Under 

 of Stock 

 Securities 

 Price of 

 Stock and 

 Grant 

 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards(1) 

 Equity Incentive Plan Awards 

 or 

 Underlying 

 Option 

 Option 

 Name 

 Date 

 Threshold 

 Target 

 Maximum 

 Threshold 

 Target(2) 

 Maximum 

 Units(3) 

 Options(4) 

 Awards 

 Awards 

 Steven J. Malcolm

 2/23/2010

 $

 121,378

 $

 1,221,378

 $

 2,871,378

 271,055

 $

 21.22

 $

 1,902,806

 2/23/2010

 &#151;

 140,492

 280,984

 2,936,283

 Donald R. Chappel

 2/23/2010

 30,052

 487,667

 1,174,090

 58,083

 21.22

 407,743

 2/23/2010

 &#151;

 35,123

 70,246

 734,071

 2/23/2010

 35,123

 702,811

 Ralph A. Hill

 2/23/2010

 36,479

 357,064

 837,941

 50,823

 21.22

 356,777

 2/23/2010

 &#151;

 30,733

 61,466

 642,320

 2/23/2010

 30,733

 614,967

 James J. Bender

 2/23/2010

 22,122

 332,792

 798,797

 37,754

 21.22

 265,033

 2/23/2010

 &#151;

 22,830

 45,660

 477,147

 2/23/2010

 22,830

 456,828

 Robyn L. Ewing

 2/23/2010

 10,364

 298,114

 729,739

 37,754

 21.22

 265,033

 2/23/2010

 &#151;

 22,830

 45,660

 477,147

 2/23/2010

 22,830

 456,828

 (1) 

 Non-Equity Incentive Awards. Awards from Williams&#146; 2010 AIP
 are shown. 

 &#149; 

 Threshold: Because one-half of the AIP reserve balance from
 prior years is payable in 2011 upon meeting threshold
 performance, one-half of the reserve balance is shown.

 &#149; 

 Target: The amount shown is based upon an
 EVA &#174; 

 attainment of 100%, plus one-half of the existing AIP reserve
 balance.

 &#149; 

 Maximum: The maximum amount the NEOs can receive is 250% of
 their AIP target, plus one-half of the AIP reserve balance.

 (2) 

 Represents performance-based RSUs granted under Williams&#146;
 2007 Incentive Plan. Performance-based RSUs can be earned over a
 three-year period only if the established performance target is
 met and the NEO is employed on the certification date, subject
 to certain exceptions such as the executive&#146;s death or
 disability. These shares will be distributed no earlier than the
 third anniversary of the grant other than due to a termination
 upon a change in control. If performance plan goals are
 exceeded, the NEO can receive up to 200% of target. If plan
 goals are not met, the NEO can receive as little as 0% of target. 

 (3) 

 Represents time-based RSUs granted under Williams&#146; 2007
 Incentive Plan. Time-based units vest three years from the grant
 date of 2/23/2010 on 2/23/2013. 

 (4) 

 Represents stock options granted under Williams&#146; 2007
 Incentive Plan. Stock options granted in 2010 become exercisable
 in three equal annual installments beginning one year after the
 grant date. One-third of the options vested on 2/23/2011.
 Another one-third will vest on 2/23/2012, with the final
 one-third vesting on 2/23/2013. Once vested, stock options are
 exercisable for a period of 10 years from the grant date. 

 154

 Table of Contents 

 2010
 Outstanding Williams&#146; Equity Awards 

 The following table sets forth certain information with respect
 to the outstanding Williams&#146; equity awards held by the NEOs
 at the end of fiscal year 2010.

 Option Award 

 Stock Awards 

 Equity 

 Equity 

 Incentive 

 Incentive 

 Plan Award: 

 Plan 

 Market or 

 Equity 

 Awards: 

 Payout 

 Incentive 

 Number of 

 Value of 

 Plan 

 Market 

 Unearned 

 Unearned 

 Awards: 

 Number 

 Value of 

 Shares, 

 Shares, 

 Number of 

 Number of 

 Number of 

 of Shares 

 Shares or 

 Units of 

 Units or 

 Securities 

 Securities 

 Securities 

 or Units 

 Units of 

 Stock or 

 Other 

 Underlying 

 Underlying 

 Underlying 

 of Stock 

 Stock 

 Other 

 Rights 

 Unexercised 

 Unexercised 

 Unexercised 

 Option 

 That 

 That 

 Rights 

 That Have 

 Grant 

 Options (#) 

 Options (#) 

 Unearned 

 Exercise 

 Expiration 

 Grant 

 Have Not 

 Have Not 

 That Have 

 Not 

 Name 

 Date(1) 

 Exercisable 

 Unexercisable 

 Options 

 Price 

 Date 

 Date 

 Vested 

 Vested 

 Not Vested 

 Vested(4) 

 Steven J. Malcolm

 2/23/2010

 &#151;

 271,055

 $

 21.22

 2/23/2020

 2/23/2010(3

 )

 140,492

 $

 3,472,962

 2/23/2009

 169,429

 338,858

 10.86

 2/23/2019

 2/23/2009(3

 )

 288,401

 7,129,273

 2/25/2008

 144,927

 72,464

 36.50

 2/25/2018

 2/25/2008(3

 )

 82,192

 2,031,786

 2/26/2007

 200,000

 &#151;

 28.30

 2/26/2017

 3/3/2006

 250,000

 &#151;

 21.67

 3/3/2016

 2/25/2005

 225,000

 &#151;

 19.29

 2/25/2015

 2/5/2004

 300,000

 &#151;

 9.93

 2/5/2014

 2/11/2002

 200,000

 &#151;

 15.86

 2/11/2012

 9/19/2001

 33,333

 &#151;

 26.79

 9/19/2011

 4/2/2001

 27,232

 &#151;

 39.98

 4/2/2011

 1/18/2001

 114,373

 &#151;

 34.77

 1/18/2011

 Donald R. Chappel

 2/23/2010

 &#151;

 58,083

 21.22

 2/23/2020

 2/23/2010(2

 )

 35,123

 868,241

 2/23/2009

 36,832

 73,665

 10.86

 2/23/2019

 2/23/2010(3

 )

 35,123

 868,241

 2/25/2008

 33,848

 16,924

 36.50

 2/25/2018

 2/23/2009(2

 )

 73,145

 1,808,144

 2/26/2007

 48,450

 &#151;

 28.30

 2/26/2017

 2/23/2009(3

 )

 73,145

 1,808,144

 3/3/2006

 41,921

 &#151;

 21.67

 3/3/2016

 2/25/2008(2

 )

 19,911

 492,200

 2/25/2005

 55,000

 &#151;

 19.29

 2/25/2015

 2/25/2008(3

 )

 39,822

 984,400

 2/5/2004

 75,000

 &#151;

 9.93

 2/5/2014

 4/16/2003

 175,000

 &#151;

 5.10

 4/16/2013

 Ralph A. Hill

 2/23/2010

 &#151;

 50,823

 21.22

 2/23/2020

 2/23/2010(2

 )

 30,733

 759,720

 2/23/2009

 31,307

 62,616

 10.86

 2/23/2019

 2/23/2010(3

 )

 30,733

 759,720

 2/25/2008

 25,724

 12,863

 36.50

 2/25/2018

 2/23/2009(2

 )

 62,173

 1,536,917

 2/26/2007

 43,605

 &#151;

 28.30

 2/26/2017

 2/23/2009(3

 )

 62,173

 1,536,917

 3/3/2006

 30,488

 &#151;

 21.67

 3/3/2016

 2/25/2008(2

 )

 15,132

 374,063

 2/25/2005

 40,000

 &#151;

 19.29

 2/25/2015

 2/25/2008(3

 )

 30,264

 748,126

 1/18/2001

 22,875

 &#151;

 34.77

 1/18/2011

 James J. Bender

 2/23/2010

 &#151;

 37,754

 21.22

 2/23/2020

 2/23/2010(2

 )

 22,830

 564,358

 2/23/2009

 23,941

 47,882

 10.86

 2/23/2019

 2/23/2010(3

 )

 22,830

 564,358

 2/25/2008

 20,308

 10,155

 36.50

 2/25/2018

 2/23/2009(2

 )

 47,544

 1,175,288

 2/26/2007

 29,070

 &#151;

 28.30

 2/26/2017

 2/23/2009(3

 )

 47,544

 1,175,288

 3/3/2006

 24,136

 &#151;

 21.67

 3/3/2016

 2/25/2008(2

 )

 11,946

 295,305

 2/25/2005

 40,000

 &#151;

 19.29

 2/25/2015

 2/25/2008(3

 )

 23,893

 590,635

 2/5/2004

 15,000

 &#151;

 9.93

 2/5/2014

 Robyn L. Ewing

 2/23/2010

 &#151;

 37,754

 21.22

 2/23/2020

 2/23/2010(2

 )

 22,830

 564,358

 2/23/2009

 22,099

 44,199

 10.86

 2/23/2019

 2/23/2010(3

 )

 22,830

 564,358

 2/25/2008

 6,156

 3,079

 36.50

 2/25/2018

 2/23/2009(2

 )

 43,887

 1,084,887

 2/26/2007

 10,174

 &#151;

 28.30

 2/26/2017

 2/23/2009(3

 )

 43,887

 1,084,887

 3/3/2006

 11,738

 &#151;

 21.67

 3/3/2016

 2/25/2008(2

 )

 3,622

 89,536

 2/25/2005

 23,000

 &#151;

 19.29

 2/25/2015

 2/25/2008(3

 )

 4,829

 119,373

 155

 Table of Contents 

 Stock
 Options 

 (1) 

 The following table reflects the vesting schedules for
 associated stock option grant dates for awards that had not been
 100% vested as of December 31, 2010. 

 Grant Date 

 Vesting Schedule 

 Vesting Dates 

 2/23/2010

 One-third vests each year for three years

 2/23/2011, 2/23/2012, 2/23/2013

 2/23/2009

 One-third vests each year for three years

 2/23/2010, 2/23/2011, 2/23/2012

 2/25/2008

 One-third vests each year for three years

 2/25/2009, 2/25/2010, 2/25/2011

 Stock
 Awards 

 (2) 

 The following table reflects the vesting dates for associated
 time-based restricted stock unit award grant dates. 

 Grant Date 

 Vesting Schedule 

 Vesting Dates 

 2/23/2010

 100% vests in three years

 2/23/2013

 2/23/2009

 100% vests in three years

 2/23/2012

 2/25/2008

 100% vests in three years

 2/25/2011

 (3) 

 All performance-based RSUs are subject to attainment of
 performance targets established by the Committee. These awards
 will vest no earlier than the end of the performance period and
 therefore do not have a specific vesting date. The awards
 included on the table are outstanding as of December 31,
 2010. 

 (4) 

 Values are based on a closing stock price for Williams of $24.72
 on December 31, 2010. 

 2010
 Williams&#146; Option Exercises and Stock Vested 

 The following table sets forth certain information with respect
 to options to acquire the stock of Williams exercised by the NEO
 and stock that vested during fiscal year 2010.

 Option Awards 

 Stock Awards 

 Number of Shares 

 Number of Shares 

 Acquired on 

 Value Realized 

 Acquired on 

 Value Realized 

 Name 

 Exercise 

 on Exercise 

 Vesting 

 on Vesting 

 Steven J. Malcolm

 475,000

 $

 10,096,083

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Donald R. Chappel

 &#151;

 &#151;

 19,069

 410,746

 Ralph A. Hill

 &#151;

 &#151;

 17,162

 369,669

 James J. Bender

 &#151;

 &#151;

 11,442

 246,461

 Robyn L. Ewing

 &#151;

 &#151;

 4,005

 86,268

 The Committee determines pay based on a target total
 compensation amount. While the Committee reviews tally sheets
 and wealth accumulation information on each NEO, thus far
 amounts realized from previous equity grants have not been a
 material factor when the Committee determines pay. How much
 compensation the NEOs actually receive is significantly impacted
 by the stock market performance of Williams&#146; shares.

 Retirement
 Plan 

 The retirement plan for Williams&#146; executives consists of
 two plans: the pension plan and the retirement restoration plan
 as described below. Together these plans provide the same level
 of benefits to our executives as the pension plan provides to
 all other employees of Williams. The retirement restoration plan
 was implemented to address the annual compensation limit of the
 Code.

 156

 Table of Contents 

 Pension
 Plan 

 Williams&#146; executives who have completed one year of service
 participate in Williams&#146; pension plan on the same terms as
 other Williams&#146; employees. The pension plan is a
 noncontributory, tax qualified defined benefit plan (with a cash
 balance design) subject to the Employee Retirement Income
 Security Act of 1974, as amended.

 Each year, participants earn compensation credits that are
 posted to their cash balance account. The annual compensation
 credits are equal to the sum of a percentage of eligible pay
 (base pay and certain bonuses) and a percentage of eligible pay
 greater than the social security wage base. The percentage
 credited is based upon the participant&#146;s age as shown in
 the following table.

 Percentage of 

 Percent of Eligible Pay Greater 

 Age 

 Eligible Pay 

 than the Social Security Wage Base 

 Less than 30

 4.5

 %

 +

 from 1% to 1.2%

 30-39 

 6

 %

 +

 2%

 40-49 

 8

 %

 +

 3%

 50 or over

 10

 %

 +

 5%

 For participants who were active employees and participants
 under the plan on March 31, 1998, and April 1, 1998,
 the percentage of eligible pay is increased by 0.3% multiplied
 by the participant&#146;s total years of benefit service earned
 as of March 31, 1998.

 In addition, interest is credited to account balances quarterly
 at a rate determined annually in accordance with the terms of
 the plan.

 The monthly annuity available to those who take normal
 retirement is based on the participant&#146;s account balance as
 of the date of retirement. Normal retirement age is 65. Early
 retirement eligibility begins at 55. At retirement, participants
 may choose to receive a single-life annuity (for single
 participants) or a qualified joint and survivor annuity (for
 married participants) or they may choose one of several other
 forms of payment having an actuarial value equal to that of the
 relevant annuity.

 Retirement
 Restoration Plan 

 The Code limits pension benefits based on the annual
 compensation limit that can be accrued in tax-qualified defined
 benefit plans, such as Williams&#146; pension plan. Any
 reduction in an executive&#146;s pension benefit accrual due to
 these limits will be compensated, subject to a cap, under an
 unfunded top hat plan&#151;Williams&#146; retirement restoration
 plan.

 The elements of compensation that are included in applying the
 payment and benefit formula for the retirement restoration plan
 are the same elements that are used, except for application of a
 cap, in the base pension plan for all Williams&#146; employees.
 The elements of pay included in that definition are total base
 pay, including any overtime, base pay-reduction amounts and cash
 bonus awards, if paid (unless specifically excluded under a
 written bonus or incentive-pay arrangement). Specifically
 excluded from the definition are severance pay,
 cost-of-living 
 pay, housing pay, relocation pay (including mortgage interest
 differential), taxable and non-taxable fringe benefits and all
 other extraordinary pay, including any amounts received from
 equity compensation awards.

 With respect to bonuses, annual cash incentives are considered
 in determining eligible pay under the pension plan. Long-term
 equity compensation incentives are not considered.

 157

 Table of Contents 

 2010
 Williams&#146; Pension Benefits 

 The following table sets forth certain information with respect
 to the actuarial present value of the accrued benefit as of
 December 31, 2010 under Williams&#146; qualified pension
 plan and retirement restoration plan.

 Number of 

 Payments 

 Years Credited 

 Present Value of 

 During Last 

 Name 

 Plan Name 

 Services 

 Accrued Benefit(1) 

 Fiscal Year 

 Steven J. Malcolm(2)(3)

 Pension Plan

 27

 $

 829,307

 &#151;

 Retirement Restoration Plan

 27

 5,497,857

 &#151;

 Donald R. Chappel(2)

 Pension Plan

 8

 245,359

 &#151;

 Retirement Restoration Plan

 8

 1,319,741

 &#151;

 Ralph A. Hill(3)

 Pension Plan

 27

 586,869

 &#151;

 Retirement Restoration Plan

 27

 1,321,013

 &#151;

 James J. Bender

 Pension Plan

 8

 216,010

 &#151;

 Retirement Restoration Plan

 8

 799,037

 &#151;

 Robyn L. Ewing(2)

 Pension Plan

 30

 598,781

 &#151;

 Retirement Restoration Plan

 30

 723,095

 &#151;

 (1) 

 The primary actuarial assumptions used to determine the present
 values include an annual interest credit to normal retirement
 age equal to 5% and a discount rate equal to 5.29% for the
 pension plan and discount rate equal to 5.1% for the retirement
 restoration plan. 

 (2) 

 Mr. Malcolm, Mr. Chappel and Ms. Ewing are the
 only NEOs eligible to retire as of December 31, 2010. 

 (3) 

 Williams&#146; pension plan includes a Rule of 55 benefit that
 is a transition benefit that was provided to all employees
 meeting the eligibility criteria at the time Williams&#146;
 pension plan was converted from a final average pay formula to a
 cash balance formula. To be eligible for the Rule of 55
 enhancement an employee&#146;s age and years of service at the
 time of the cash balance conversion in 1998 must have totaled
 55. Mr. Malcolm and Mr. Hill are the only NEOs that
 met the eligibility criteria for the Rule of 55 transitional
 benefit. 

 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation 

 Williams does not provide nonqualified deferred compensation for
 any NEOs or other employees.

 Change in
 Control Agreements 

 Williams has entered into change in control agreements with
 certain officers, including each of the NEOs, to facilitate
 continuity of management if there is a change in control of
 Williams. These arrangements do not provide for the payment of
 any benefits in the event of a future change in control of the
 ownership of WPX Energy. The provisions of such agreements are
 described below. The definitions of words in quotations are also
 provided below.

 If during the term of a change in control agreement, a
 &#147;change in control&#148; occurs and (i) the employment
 of any NEO is terminated other than for &#147;cause,&#148;
 &#147;disability,&#148; death or a &#147;disqualification
 disaggregation&#148; or (ii) an NEO resigns for &#147;good
 reason,&#148; such NEO is entitled to the following:

 &#149; 

 Within 10 business days after the termination date:

 &#149; 

 Accrued but unpaid base salary, accrued earned but unpaid cash
 incentive, accrued but unpaid paid time off and any other
 amounts or benefits due but not paid (lump sum payment);

 158

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 

 On the first business day following six months after the
 termination date:

 &#149; 

 Prorated annual bonus for the year of separation through the
 termination date (lump sum payment);

 &#149; 

 A severance amount equal to three times
 his/her base
 salary for the NEO as of the termination date plus an annual
 bonus amount equal to
 his/her 
 target percentage multiplied by
 his/her base
 salary in effect at the termination date as if performance goals
 were achieved at 100% (lump sum payment);

 &#149; 

 An amount equal to three times for the total allocations made by
 Williams for the NEOs in the preceding calendar year under our
 retirement restoration plan (lump sum payment);

 &#149; 

 An amount equal to the sum of the value of the unvested portion
 of the NEO&#146;s accounts or accrued benefits under
 Williams&#146; 401(k) plan that would have otherwise been
 forfeited (lump sum payment);

 &#149; 

 Continued participation in Williams&#146; medical benefit plans
 for so long as the NEO elects coverage or 18 months from
 the termination, whichever is less, in the same manner and at
 the same cost as similarly situated active employees;

 &#149; 

 All restrictions on stock options held by the NEO will lapse,
 and the options will vest and become immediately exercisable;

 &#149; 

 All restricted stock will vest and will be paid out only in
 accordance with the terms of the respective award agreements;

 &#149; 

 Continued participation in Williams&#146; directors&#146; and
 officers&#146; liability insurance for six years or any longer
 known applicable statute of limitations period;

 &#149; 

 Indemnification as set forth under Williams&#146;
 bylaws; and

 &#149; 

 Outplacement benefits for six months at a cost not exceeding
 $25,000.

 In addition, each NEO is generally entitled to receive a
 gross-up 
 payment in an amount sufficient to make him/her whole for any
 federal excise tax on excess parachute payments imposed under
 Section 280G and 4999 of the Code or any similar tax under
 any state, local, foreign or other law (other than
 Section 409A of the Code). However, in reviewing the change
 in control agreements in 2010 and 2011, the Committee approved
 eliminating this excise tax
 gross-up 
 provision. The Committee opted to provide a &#145;best net&#146;
 provision providing the NEOs with the better of their after-tax
 benefit capped at the safe harbor amount or their benefit paid
 in full subjecting them to possible excise tax payments.
 Therefore, in 2011 Williams will provide the one year notice
 required by the NEOs&#146; change in control agreements in order
 to effect the change in 2012. After this change is implemented,
 Williams will no longer provide additional compensation to
 address excise taxes.

 If an NEO&#146;s employment is terminated for &#147;cause&#148;
 during the period beginning upon a change of control and
 continuing for two years or until the termination of the
 agreement, whichever happens first, the NEO is entitled to
 accrued but unpaid base salary, accrued earned but unpaid cash
 incentive, accrued but unpaid paid time off and any other
 amounts or benefits due but not paid (lump sum payment).

 The agreements with our NEOs use the following definitions:

 &#147;Cause&#148; means an NEO&#146;s

 &#149; 

 conviction of or a plea of nolo contendere to a felony or a
 crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude;

 &#149; 

 willful or reckless material misconduct in the performance of
 his/her 
 duties that has an adverse effect on Williams or any of its
 subsidiaries or affiliates;

 &#149; 

 willful or reckless violation or disregard of the code of
 business conduct of Williams or the policies of Williams or its
 subsidiaries; or

 &#149; 

 habitual or gross neglect of
 his/her 
 duties.

 159

 Table of Contents 

 Cause generally does not include bad judgment or negligence
 (other than habitual neglect or gross negligence); acts or
 omissions made in good faith after reasonable investigation by
 the NEO or acts or omissions with respect to which
 Williams&#146; board of directors could determine that the NEO
 had satisfied the standards of conduct for indemnification or
 reimbursement under Williams&#146; bylaws, indemnification
 agreement or applicable law; or failure (despite good faith
 efforts) to meet performance goals, objectives or measures for a
 period beginning upon a change of control and continuing for two
 years or until the termination of the agreement, whichever
 happens first. An NEO&#146;s act or failure to act (except as
 relates to a conviction or plea of nolo contendere described
 above), when done in good faith and with a reasonable belief
 after reasonable investigation that such action or non-action
 was in the best interest of Williams or its affiliate or
 required by law shall not be Cause if the NEO cures the action
 or non-action within 10 days of notice. Furthermore, no act
 or failure to act will be Cause if the NEO acted under the
 advice of Williams&#146; counsel or required by the legal
 process.

 &#147;Change in control&#148; means:

 &#149; 

 Any person or group (other than an affiliate of Williams or an
 employee benefit plan sponsored by Williams or its affiliates)
 becomes a beneficial owner, as such term is defined under the
 Exchange Act, of 20% or more of the common stock of Williams or
 20% or more of the combined voting power of all securities
 entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of
 Williams (&#147;Voting Securities&#148;), unless such person
 owned both more than 75% of common stock and Voting Securities,
 directly or indirectly, in substantially the same proportion
 immediately before such acquisition;

 &#149; 

 Williams&#146; directors as of a date of the agreement
 (&#147;Existing Directors&#148;) and directors approved after
 that date by at least two-thirds of the Existing Directors cease
 to constitute a majority of the directors of Williams;

 &#149; 

 Consummation of any merger, reorganization, recapitalization
 consolidation or similar transaction (&#147;Reorganization
 Transaction&#148;), other than a Reorganization Transaction that
 results in the person who was the direct or indirect owner of
 outstanding common stock and Voting Securities of Williams prior
 to the transaction becoming, immediately after the transaction,
 the owner of at least 65% of the then outstanding common stock
 and Voting Securities representing 65% of the combined voting
 power of the then outstanding Voting Securities of the surviving
 corporation in substantially the same respective proportion as
 that person&#146;s ownership immediately before such
 Reorganization Transaction; or

 &#149; 

 approval by the stockholders of Williams of the sale or other
 disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated
 assets of Williams or the complete liquidation of Williams other
 than a transaction that would result in (i) a related party
 owning more than 50% of the assets that were owned by Williams
 immediately prior to the transaction or (ii) the persons
 who were the direct or indirect owners of outstanding Williams
 common stock and Voting Securities prior to the transaction
 continuing to own, directly or indirectly, 50% or more of the
 assets that were owned by Williams immediately prior to the
 transaction.

 A change in control will not occur if:

 &#149; 

 the NEO agrees in writing prior to an event that such an event
 will not be a change in control; or

 &#149; 

 Williams&#146; board of directors determines that a liquidation,
 sale or other disposition approved by the stockholders, as
 described in the fourth bullet above, will not occur, except to
 the extent termination occurred prior to such determination.

 &#147;Disability&#148; means a physical or mental infirmity that
 impairs the NEO&#146;s ability to substantially perform
 his/her 
 duties for twelve months or more and for which
 he/she is
 receiving income replacement benefits from a Williams&#146; plan
 for not less than three months.

 &#147;Disqualification disaggregation&#148; means:

 &#149; 

 the termination of an NEO&#146;s employment from Williams or an
 affiliate before a change in control for any reason; or

 160

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 

 the termination of an NEO&#146;s employment by a successor
 (during the period beginning upon a change of control and
 continuing for two years or until the termination of the
 agreement, whichever happens first), if the NEO is employed in
 substantially the same position and the successor has assumed
 the Williams&#146; change in control agreement.

 &#147;Good reason&#148; means, generally, a material adverse
 change in the NEO&#146;s title, position or responsibilities, a
 reduction in the NEO&#146;s base salary, a reduction in the
 NEO&#146;s annual bonus, required relocation, a material
 reduction in the level of aggregate compensation or benefits not
 applicable to Williams&#146; peers, a successor company&#146;s
 failure to honor the agreement or the failure of Williams&#146;
 board of directors to provide written notice of the act or
 omission constituting &#147;cause.&#148;

 Termination
 Scenarios 

 The following table sets forth circumstances that provide for
 payments by Williams to the NEOs following or in connection with
 a change in control of Williams or an NEO&#146;s termination of
 employment for cause, upon retirement, upon death and disability
 or not for cause, all while employed by Williams. NEOs are
 generally eligible to retire at the earlier of age 55 and
 completion of 3 years of service or age 65.

 All values are based on a hypothetical termination date of
 December 31, 2010 and a closing stock price for
 Williams&#146; common stock of $24.72 on such date. The values
 shown are intended to provide reasonable estimates of the
 potential benefits the NEOs would receive upon termination. The
 values are based on various assumptions and may not represent
 the actual amount an NEO would receive. In addition to the
 amounts disclosed in the following table, a departing NEO would
 retain the amounts
 he/she has
 earned over the course of
 his/her 
 employment prior to the termination event, including accrued
 retirement benefits and previously vested stock options and RSUs.

 For 

 Death &#038; 

 Not for 

 Name 

 Payment 

 Cause(1) 

 Retirement(2) 

 Disability(3) 

 Cause(4) 

 CIC(5) 

 Malcolm, Steven J

 AIP Reserve

 &#151;

 $

 242,756

 $

 242,756

 $

 242,756

 $

 242,756

 Stock options

 &#151;

 5,645,264

 5,645,264

 &#151;

 5,645,264

 Stock awards

 &#151;

 7,240,399

 7,240,399

 7,240,399

 12,634,022

 Cash Severance

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 6,600,000

 Outplacement

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 25,000

 Health &#038; Welfare

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 18,170

 Retirement Restoration

 Plan

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 2,207,808

 Enhancement

 Tax Gross Up

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 8,649,197

 Total 

 &#151;

 $ 

 13,128,419 

 $ 

 13,128,419 

 $ 

 7,483,155 

 $ 

 36,022,217 

 Chappel, Donald R

 AIP Reserve

 &#151;

 $

 60,103

 $

 60,103

 $

 60,103

 $

 60,103

 Stock options

 &#151;

 1,224,287

 1,224,287

 &#151;

 1,224,287

 Stock awards

 &#151;

 4,086,877

 5,444,451

 5,444,451

 6,829,365

 Cash Severance

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 3,213,000

 Outplacement

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 25,000

 Health &#038; Welfare

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 26,699

 Retirement Restoration Plan

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Enhancement

 646,557

 Tax Gross Up

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 2,966,960

 Total 

 &#151;

 $ 

 5,371,267 

 $ 

 6,728,841 

 $ 

 5,504,554 

 $ 

 14,991,971 

 161

 Table of Contents 

 For 

 Death &#038; 

 Not for 

 Name 

 Payment 

 Cause(1) 

 Retirement(2) 

 Disability(3) 

 Cause(4) 

 CIC(5) 

 Hill, Ralph A

 AIP Reserve

 &#151;

 $

 72,958

 $

 72,958

 $

 72,958

 $

 72,958

 Stock options

 &#151;

 1,045,738

 1,045,738

 &#151;

 1,045,738

 Stock awards

 &#151;

 3,360,366

 4,527,523

 4,527,523

 5,715,453

 Cash Severance

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 2,448,765

 Outplacement

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 25,000

 Health &#038; Welfare

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 26,346

 Retirement Restoration Plan

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Enhancement

 636,018

 Tax Gross Up

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Total 

 &#151;

 $ 

 4,479,062 

 $ 

 5,646,219 

 $ 

 4,600,481 

 $ 

 9,970,278 

 Bender, James J

 AIP Reserve

 &#151;

 $

 44,244

 $

 44,244

 $

 44,244

 $

 44,244

 Stock options

 &#151;

 795,784

 795,784

 &#151;

 795,784

 Stock awards

 &#151;

 2,586,716

 3,467,769

 3,467,769

 4,365,230

 Cash Severance

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 2,373,030

 Outplacement

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 25,000

 Health &#038; Welfare

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 26,346

 Retirement Restoration Plan

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Enhancement

 423,896

 Tax Gross Up

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 2,217,566

 Total 

 &#151;

 $ 

 3,426,744 

 $ 

 4,307,797 

 $ 

 3,512,013 

 $ 

 10,271,096 

 Ewing, Robyn L

 AIP Reserve

 &#151;

 $

 20,728

 $

 20,728

 $

 20,728

 $

 20,728

 Stock options

 &#151;

 744,737

 744,737

 &#151;

 744,737

 Stock awards

 &#151;

 1,836,807

 2,671,273

 2,671,273

 3,507,393

 Cash Severance

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 2,202,750

 Outplacement

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 25,000

 Health &#038; Welfare

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 26,346

 Retirement Restoration Plan

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Enhancement

 437,948

 Tax Gross Up

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 1,861,484

 Total 

 &#151;

 $ 

 2,602,272 

 $ 

 3,436,738 

 $ 

 2,692,001 

 $ 

 8,826,386 

 (1) 

 If an NEO is terminated for cause or leaves Williams
 voluntarily, no additional benefits will be received. 

 (2) 

 If an NEO retires from Williams, then all unvested stock options
 will fully accelerate. A pro-rated portion of the unvested time
 based RSUs will accelerate and a pro-rated portion of any
 performance-based RSUs will vest on the original vesting date if
 the Committee certifies that the performance measures were met. 

 (3) 

 If an NEO dies or becomes disabled, then all unvested stock
 options will fully accelerate. All unvested time-based RSUs will
 fully accelerate, and a pro-rated portion of any
 performance-based RSUs will vest if the Committee certifies that
 the performance measures were met. 

 (4) 

 For an NEO who is involuntarily terminated who receives
 severance or for an NEO whose job is outsourced with no
 comparable internal offer, all unvested time-based RSUs will
 fully accelerate and a pro-rated portion of any
 performance-based RSUs will vest if the Committee certifies that
 the performance measures were met. However all unvested stock
 options cancel. 

 (5) 

 See &#147;Change In Control Agreements&#148; above. 

 Please note that we make no assumptions as to the achievement of
 performance goals as it relates to the performance based RSUs.
 If an award is covered by Section 409A of the Code, lump
 sum payments and distributions occurring from these events will
 occur six months after the triggering event as required by the
 Code and our award agreements.

 162

 Table of Contents 

 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

 As of the date of this information statement, all outstanding
 shares of our common stock are owned beneficially and of record
 by Williams. After the spin-off, Williams will not own any of
 our common stock. The following table sets forth information
 with respect to the anticipated beneficial ownership of our
 common stock by:

 &#149; 

 each shareholder who we believe (based on the assumptions
 described below) will beneficially own more than 5% of
 WPX&#146;s outstanding common stock;

 &#149; 

 each person who is expected to serve as a director upon
 completion of the spin-off;

 &#149; 

 each person who is expected to serve as an executive officer
 upon completion of the spin-off; and

 &#149; 

 all persons who are expected to serve as directors or executive
 officers upon completion of the spin-off as a group.

 Except as otherwise noted below, we based the share amounts
 shown on each person&#146;s beneficial ownership of Williams
 common stock on November 30, 2011, and a distribution ratio
 of one share of our common stock for every
 three shares of Williams common stock held by such person.

 To the extent persons who are directors or executive officers or
 who are expected to serve as directors or executive officers
 upon completion of the spin-off own Williams common stock at the
 record date of the spin-off, they will participate in the
 distribution on the same terms as other holders of Williams
 common stock.

 Immediately following the spin-off, we estimate that
 197 million shares of our common stock will be issued and
 outstanding, based on the number of shares of Williams common
 stock expected to be outstanding as of the record date. The
 actual number of shares of our common stock outstanding
 following the spin-off will be determined on December 14,
 2011, the record date.

 Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with the
 rules of the SEC and includes the power to vote or direct the
 voting of securities, or to dispose or direct the disposition
 thereof, or the right to acquire such powers within
 60 days. Except as otherwise indicated, the persons or
 entities listed below have sole voting and investment power with
 respect to all shares of our common stock beneficially owned by
 them. Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each director
 and executive officer listed is:
 c/o WPX 
 Energy, Inc., One Williams Center, Tulsa, Oklahoma
 74172-0172. 

 Amount and Nature of 

 Beneficial Ownership 

 Name of Beneficial Owner 

 Number(1)(2)(3) 

 Percentage 

 James J. Bender

 58,881

 *

 Kimberly S. Bowers

 0

 *

 Neal A. Buck

 24,047

 *

 John A. Carrig

 0

 *

 Michael R. Fiser

 17,298

 *

 William R. Granberry

 13,188

 *

 Bryan K. Guderian

 10,272

 *

 Don J. Gunther

 0

 *

 Ralph A. Hill

 135,387

 *

 Robert K. Herdman

 0

 *

 Henry E. Lentz

 0

 *

 George A. Lorch

 24,458

 *

 William G. Lowrie

 27,213

 *

 Marcia M. MacLeod

 26,013

 *

 Steven G. Natali

 21,013

 *

 Rodney J. Sailor

 32,036

 *

 163

 Table of Contents 

 Amount and Nature of 

 Beneficial Ownership 

 Name of Beneficial Owner 

 Number(1)(2)(3) 

 Percentage 

 J. Kevin Vann

 2,404

 *

 David F. Work

 0

 *

 All executive officers and directors as a group (18 persons)

 185,249

 *

 * 

 Less than 1%. 

 (1) 

 Includes shares that will be held by under the terms of the WPX
 Energy, Inc. 2011 Incentive Plan as follows: Mr. Hill,
 46,424 restricted stock units and 214 shares; and
 Mr. Sailor, 12,509 restricted stock units and
 83 shares. Restricted stock units include both time-based
 and performance-based units and do not have voting or investment
 power. Shares held in the WPX Energy, Inc. 2011 Incentive Plan
 will have voting and investment power. 

 (2) 

 Includes restricted stock units over which directors have no
 voting or investment power that will be held under the terms of
 compensation plans as follows: Mr. Granberry, 6,204 ;
 Mr. Lorch, 19,303; and Mr. Lowrie 6,204. 

 (3) 

 The SEC deems a person to have beneficial ownership of all
 shares that the person has the right to acquire within
 60 days. The shares indicated represent stock options that
 are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within
 60 days of November 30, 2011 as follows:
 Mr. Bender, 48,050; Mr. Buck, 21,195; Mr. Fiser,
 13,856; Mr. Granberry, 3,000; Mr. Guderian, 10,272;
 Mr. Hill, 53,916; Ms. MacLeod, 21,444;
 Mr. Natali, 16,359; Mr. Sailor, 19,444; and
 Mr. Vann, 2,280. Shares subject to options cannot be voted. 

 164

 Table of Contents 

 ARRANGEMENTS
 BETWEEN WILLIAMS AND OUR COMPANY 

 This section provides a summary description of agreements
 between Williams and us relating to our restructuring
 transactions and our relationship with Williams after the
 spin-off. This description of the agreements between Williams
 and us is a summary and, with respect to each such agreement, is
 qualified by reference to the terms of the agreement, each of
 which will be filed as an exhibit to the registration statement
 of which this information statement is a part. We encourage you
 to read the full text of these agreements. We will enter into
 these agreements with Williams prior to the completion of the
 spin-off; accordingly, we will enter into these agreements with
 Williams in the context of our relationship as a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of Williams. The terms of these agreements may be
 more or less favorable to us than if they had been negotiated
 with unaffiliated third parties.

 Separation
 and Distribution Agreement 

 We will enter into a separation and distribution agreement with
 Williams that will set forth our agreements with Williams
 regarding the principal corporate transactions required to
 affect our restructuring transactions and the distribution of
 our shares to Williams stockholders. It will also set forth the
 other agreements governing our relationship with Williams that
 we describe in this section.

 Transfer of Assets and Assumption of
 Liabilities. The separation and distribution
 agreement will govern the assets to be contributed and
 transferred, and liabilities to be assumed, in connection with
 our separation from Williams so that each of Williams and us
 ultimately retains the assets of, and the liabilities associated
 with, our respective businesses.

 In connection with the spin-off, all agreements, arrangements,
 commitments and understandings, including all intercompany loans
 and accounts payable and receivable, between us and our
 subsidiaries and other affiliates, on the one hand, and Williams
 and its other subsidiaries and other affiliates, on the other
 hand, will terminate, except certain agreements and arrangements
 which are expressly identified as intended to survive the
 separation.

 The Distribution. The separation and
 distribution agreement will govern the rights and obligations of
 Williams and us regarding the proposed distribution by Williams
 to its stockholders of the shares of our common stock held by
 Williams. We will be required to cooperate with Williams to
 accomplish the distribution and, at Williams&#146; discretion,
 promptly take any and all actions necessary or desirable to
 effect the distribution.

 The completion of the distribution will be subject to various
 conditions that must be satisfied or waived by Williams in its
 sole discretion. In addition, Williams will have the right not
 to complete the distribution if, at any time, Williams&#146;
 board of directors determines, in its sole discretion, that the
 distribution is not in the best interest of Williams or its
 stockholders. As a result, we cannot assure you as to when or
 whether the distribution will occur.

 Representations and Warranties. Except as
 expressly set forth in the separation and distribution agreement
 or in any other ancillary agreement, neither we nor Williams
 will make any representation or warranty in connection with our
 separation from Williams or the distribution.

 Contractual Restrictions. During the term of
 the transition services agreement, and for one year thereafter,
 neither we nor Williams will be permitted to solicit each
 other&#146;s employees for employment without the other&#146;s
 consent.

 Releases. Except as otherwise provided in the
 separation and distribution agreement, each of Williams and us
 will release and discharge the other and their respective
 subsidiaries and other affiliates from all liabilities existing
 or arising from any acts or events occurring or failing to occur
 or alleged to have occurred or to have failed to occur or any
 conditions existing or alleged to have existed on or before the
 separation from Williams. The releases will not extend to
 obligations or liabilities under any agreements between Williams
 and us that remain in effect following the separation, which
 agreements include, but are not limited

 165

 Table of Contents 

 to, the separation and distribution agreement, the transition
 services agreement, the employee matters agreement and the tax
 sharing agreement.

 Confidentiality. Each party will agree to
 treat as confidential and not disclose confidential information
 of the other party except in specific circumstances identified
 in the separation and distribution agreement.

 Further Assurances. Each party will agree to
 use its reasonable best efforts to take or cause to be taken all
 actions, and to do or cause be done all things reasonably
 necessary, proper or advisable under applicable law, regulations
 and agreements to consummate and make effective the transactions
 contemplated by the separation and distribution agreement and
 the ancillary agreements.

 Indemnification. The separation and
 distribution agreement will provide that we will indemnify,
 defend and hold harmless Williams, its subsidiaries, and each of
 their respective current, former and future directors, officers
 and employees, and each of the heirs, executors, successors and
 assigns of any of the foregoing for any losses arising out of or
 resulting from:

 &#149; 

 the liabilities being assumed by us pursuant to the separation
 and distribution agreement;

 &#149; 

 the operation of our business;

 &#149; 

 any breach by us of the separation and distribution agreement or
 the ancillary agreements; and

 &#149; 

 any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
 fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact
 required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
 statements therein not misleading, with respect to all
 information (i) contained in the registration statement of
 which this information statement is a part or in this
 information statement, (ii) contained in any public filings
 made by us with the SEC following the separation; and
 (iii) provided by us to Williams specifically for inclusion
 in Williams&#146; annual or quarterly reports following the
 separation.

 Williams will indemnify, defend and hold harmless us, our
 subsidiaries, and each of our and their respective current,
 former and future directors, officers and employees, and each of
 the heirs, executors, successors and assigns of any of the
 foregoing for any losses arising out of or resulting from:

 &#149; 

 the liabilities being retained by Williams pursuant to the
 separation and distribution agreement;

 &#149; 

 the operation of Williams&#146; business;

 &#149; 

 any breach by Williams of the separation and distribution
 agreement or the ancillary agreements; and

 &#149; 

 certain pending or threatened litigation related to the
 2000-2001 
 California Energy Crisis and the reporting of certain natural
 gas-related information to trade publications.

 The separation and distribution agreement will also specify
 procedures with respect to claims subject to indemnification and
 related matters.

 Termination. The separation and distribution
 agreement will be terminable before the separation in the sole
 discretion of Williams. In the event of such a termination, no
 party will have any liability or further obligation with respect
 to the separation and distribution agreement.

 Dispute Resolution. In the event of a dispute
 relating to the separation and distribution agreement between us
 and our subsidiaries and other affiliates, on the one hand, and
 Williams and its other subsidiaries and other affiliates, on the
 other hand, the separation and distribution agreement will
 provide for the following procedures:

 &#149; 

 first, the parties will use commercially reasonable efforts to
 resolve the dispute through negotiations between our
 representatives and Williams&#146; representatives;

 &#149; 

 if negotiations fail, then the parties will attempt to resolve
 the dispute through non-binding mediation; and

 &#149; 

 if mediation fails, then the parties may seek relief in any
 court of competent jurisdiction.

 166

 Table of Contents 

 Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the
 separation and distribution agreement or in any other ancillary
 agreement, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with our
 separation from Williams will be paid by the party incurring
 such fees or expenses.

 Transition
 Services Agreement 

 We will enter into a transition services agreement with Williams
 under which Williams will provide to us, on an interim basis,
 various corporate support services. These services will consist
 generally of the services that have been provided to WPX on an
 intercompany basis prior to the spin-off. These services relate
 to:

 &#149; 

 cash management and treasury administration;

 &#149; 

 finance and accounting;

 &#149; 

 tax;

 &#149; 

 internal audit;

 &#149; 

 investor relations;

 &#149; 

 payroll and human resource administration;

 &#149; 

 information technology;

 &#149; 

 legal and government affairs;

 &#149; 

 insurance and claims administration;

 &#149; 

 records management;

 &#149; 

 real estate and facilities management;

 &#149; 

 sourcing and procurement; and

 &#149; 

 mail, print and other office services.

 Pursuant to the transition services agreement, Williams will
 provide certain services for up to one year after the
 distribution date. Williams will provide the services and we
 will pay Williams&#146; costs, including Williams&#146; direct
 and indirect administrative and overhead charges allocated in
 accordance with Williams&#146; regular and consistent accounting
 practices. The transition services agreement may be terminated
 by either us or Williams upon 60 days notice after the
 distribution date. In addition, Williams may immediately
 terminate any of the services it provides under the transition
 services agreement if it determines that the provision of such
 services involves certain conflicts of interest between Williams
 and us or would cause Williams to violate applicable law.

 Williams may decline to provide certain services under this
 agreement if the provision of such services causes Williams to
 violate applicable law, creates a conflict of interest, requires
 Williams to retain additional employees or other resources or
 the provision of such services become impracticable due to
 reasons outside the control of Williams. Williams will charge us
 for its full salary and benefits costs associated with
 individuals providing the services as well as any
 out-of-pocket 
 expenses incurred by Williams in the provision of the services,
 plus an administrative fee.

 Williams will provide these services with the same general
 degree of care, at the same general volumes and at the same
 general degree of accuracy and responsiveness, as when the
 services were performed prior to the separation.

 In addition, in the event that Williams determines that it will
 require any services from us after the distribution date, the
 transition services agreement will permit Williams to request
 such services from us prior to the distribution date. If
 Williams makes such a request, we will use commercially
 reasonable efforts to provide such services on the same terms
 and conditions as those governing the services Williams is
 providing to us under the transition services agreement.

 167

 Table of Contents 

 Employee
 Matters Agreement 

 In connection with the spin-off, we will enter into an Employee
 Matters Agreement with Williams that will set forth our
 agreements with Williams as to certain employment, compensation
 and benefits matters.

 The Employee Matters Agreement will provide for the allocation
 and treatment of assets and liabilities arising out of employee
 compensation and benefit programs in which our employees
 participated prior to January 1, 2012. In connection with
 the spin-off, we will provide benefit plans and arrangements in
 which our employees will participate going forward. Generally,
 other than with respect to equity compensation (discussed
 below), from and after January 1, 2012, we will sponsor and
 maintain employee compensation and benefit programs relating to
 all employees who will be transferred to us from Williams in
 connection with the spin-off. Notwithstanding the preceding
 sentence, the Employee Matters Agreement will provide that
 Williams will remain solely responsible for all liabilities
 under The Williams Companies Pension Plan, The Williams
 Companies Retirement Restoration Plan and The Williams Companies
 Investment Plus Plan. No assets
 and/or 
 liabilities under any of those plans will be transferred to us
 or our benefit plans and our employees will cease active
 participation in those plans as of January 1, 2012.

 We expect that all outstanding Williams equity awards (other
 than stock options granted prior to January 1,
 2006) held by our employees as of the spin-off will be
 converted into WPX equity awards, issued pursuant to a plan that
 we will establish. In addition, outstanding Williams stock
 options that were granted prior to January 1, 2006 and held
 by our employees and Williams&#146; other employees as of the
 date of the
 spin-off 
 will be converted into options to acquire both WPX common stock
 and Williams common stock, in the same proportion and as the
 number of shares of WPX common stock that each holder of
 Williams common stock will receive in the spin-off. We expect
 the conversion will result in the converted award having
 substantially the same intrinsic value as the applicable
 Williams equity award as of the date of the conversion. The
 performance criteria applicable to any converted
 performance-based restricted stock unit will also be adjusted so
 that &#147;total stockholder return&#148; for purposes
 thereunder at the end of each performance period that end after
 the spin-off will be calculated based on the value of both the
 WPX common stock and the Williams common stock at the end of the
 applicable performance period.

 The Employee Matters Agreement will also provide for transfers
 of employees between Williams and us. Such transfers may be
 effected prior to or within one year after the spin-off by
 mutual agreement between Williams and us. In such event, the
 recipient employer will generally be responsible for all
 employment-related liabilities relating to the transferred
 employees, and, under the Employee Matters Agreement, the
 transferred employees will be treated in generally the same
 manner as other employees of the recipient.

 Tax
 Sharing Agreement 

 In connection with the spin-off, we will enter into a tax
 sharing agreement with Williams. The tax sharing agreement will
 govern the respective rights, responsibilities, and obligations
 of Williams and us with respect to the payment of taxes, filing
 of tax returns, reimbursements of taxes, control of audits and
 other tax proceedings, liability for taxes that may be triggered
 as a result of the spin-off of our stock to Williams
 stockholders and other matters regarding taxes. The tax sharing
 agreement will remain in effect until the parties agree in
 writing to its termination.

 Tax Returns and Taxes. Williams will be
 responsible for the preparation and filing of all consolidated,
 combined, or unitary income tax returns in which we (or our
 subsidiaries) are included, and the payment of all taxes that
 relate to such returns. Williams will be entitled to make all
 decisions regarding the preparation of such tax returns,
 including the making of any tax elections, and we will be bound
 by such decisions. We will be responsible for the preparation,
 filing, and payment of all returns other than those described
 above that are required to be filed with respect to us or any of
 our subsidiaries; however, Williams may, in its discretion,
 assist us in preparing any such returns.

 Pro Forma Returns and Reimbursements. For each
 tax period in which we or any of our subsidiaries are
 consolidated or combined with Williams for purposes of any tax
 return, and with respect to which such tax return has not yet
 been filed, Williams will prepare a pro forma tax return for us
 as if we filed our own

 168

 Table of Contents 

 consolidated, combined, or unitary return. Such pro forma
 returns will take into account all elections and methods of
 accounting reflected on the true returns; will generally include
 current income, deductions, credits and losses from us (with
 certain exceptions); will not include any carryovers or
 carrybacks of any items from us for prior or subsequent periods;
 and will not take into account the federal Alternative Minimum
 Tax. For any periods shorter than a full taxable year, the pro
 forma return computations will be made based on a hypothetical
 closing of the books for us and our subsidiaries. We will
 reimburse Williams for any taxes shown on the pro forma tax
 returns, and Williams will reimburse us for any current losses
 or credits we recognize based on the pro forma tax returns.

 Redeterminations. In the case of any tax audit
 adjustments, all pro forma returns and associated tax
 reimbursement obligations will be recomputed to give effect to
 such adjustments, but only for adjustments that originate from a
 federal audit.

 Spin-off. Williams and we expect that the
 spin-off will qualify for U.S. federal income tax purposes
 as a tax-free transaction under Section 355 and
 Section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code. Williams has received a
 private letter ruling from the IRS and an opinion from its
 outside tax advisor to such effect. In connection with the
 private letter ruling and the tax opinion, we have made certain
 factual statements and representations regarding our company and
 our business, and Williams has made certain representations
 regarding itself and its business. In the tax sharing agreement,
 we and Williams will each represent and warrant that any factual
 statements and representations relating to our respective
 companies and businesses made in connection with the private
 letter ruling and the tax opinion are true, correct, and
 complete, and that we have no plan or intention of taking any
 actions nor know of any circumstances that could reasonably be
 expected to cause such factual statements or representations (or
 any factual statements or representations in the tax sharing
 agreement or separation and distribution agreement) to be
 untrue. We and Williams will each also represent and warrant
 that, for a period leading up to the distribution, there was no
 agreement or arrangement by any of our officers or directors (or
 by any person with permission of our officers or directors)
 regarding an acquisition of more than 50% of the stock of WPX,
 Williams, or Apco, and that we have no current plan or intention
 to enter into any such agreements. In addition, we and Williams
 will each covenant not to take any actions that would
 (i) be inconsistent with any factual statement or
 representation made in the tax sharing agreement, the separation
 and distribution agreement, or in connection with the private
 letter ruling or the tax opinion, (ii) create a risk that
 the spin-off would fail to qualify as tax-free, or
 (iii) create a risk that Section 355(d) or
 Section 355(e) of the Code would apply to the spin-off.
 Further, we and Williams will each agree not to take any
 position on a tax return that is inconsistent with the tax-free
 treatment of the spin-off. We and Williams will also agree to
 notify each other if we or they become aware of a transaction
 that could affect the status of the spin-off under
 Section 355 or Section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, and
 to take reasonable action or reasonably refrain from taking
 action to ensure the qualification of the spin-off as tax free,
 unless the IRS has issued a private letter ruling or other
 guidance conclusively establishing that such matter or
 transaction does not adversely affect the tax-free nature of the
 spin-off. If we and Williams cannot agree on a course of action
 in this respect, we will be required to take the course of
 action consistent with applicable law that Williams reasonably
 determines in good faith, taking into account both our interests
 and Williams&#146; interests. Last, we will agree that our
 officers and directors will not discuss any acquisitions of our
 stock or the stock of any of our subsidiaries during the
 two-year period beginning after the spin-off without permission
 from Williams, such permission not to be unreasonably withheld.

 Indemnities. If Williams (or any of its
 subsidiaries) becomes liable for any taxes because of a failure
 of the spin-off to be wholly tax-free under Section 355 or
 Section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, we will indemnify
 Williams for such taxes to the extent caused by our breach of
 any representations or covenants made in the tax sharing
 agreement, the separation and distribution agreement, or made in
 connection with the private letter ruling or the tax opinion.
 Williams will indemnify us for all taxes arising from the
 failure of the spin-off to be tax-free except for those caused
 by us as described above.

 Proceedings and Cooperation. Williams will
 have the right to control any tax proceedings or disputes and to
 make any decisions regarding taxes, payments and settlements
 relating to consolidated, combined, or unitary returns that
 include us or our subsidiaries. If a proceeding or dispute could
 require us to pay taxes arising from the spin-off, Williams will
 agree to consult with us and give us an opportunity to comment
 and

 169

 Table of Contents 

 participate in the proceeding. However, Williams retains sole
 discretion over all the positions taken in such proceedings,
 except that we will have consent rights, which have to be
 exercised reasonably, to approve any settlement. We and Williams
 will cooperate with each other in good faith regarding all
 provisions of the tax sharing agreement, and will retain books
 and records relating to the filing of returns in the agreement
 for 10 years.

 Information
 Technology Transition Costs 

 Williams has agreed to provide us with up to a maximum of
 $20 million with respect to certain information technology
 transition costs we will incur as a result of our separation
 from Williams. The actual amount of cash we receive from
 Williams upon completion of the spin-off will be reduced by the
 total amount of such information technology costs already funded
 by Williams in advance of the spin-off. As of September 30,
 2011, Williams had incurred approximately $2 million
 related to these costs resulting in a remaining potential
 reimbursement from Williams of up to approximately
 $18 million. See &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations&#151;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Liquidity&#151;Liquidity.&#148;

 Office
 Lease 

 On August 25, 2011, we entered into a 10.5 year lease
 for our present headquarters office with Williams Headquarters
 Building Company, a direct subsidiary of Williams. We estimate
 the annual rent payable by us under the lease to be
 approximately $4.6 million per year.

 170

 Table of Contents 

 OTHER
 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

 In addition to the related party transactions described in
 &#147;Arrangements Between Williams and Our Company&#148; above,
 this section discusses other transactions and relationships with
 related persons during the past three fiscal years. Other than
 the arrangements described under &#147;&#151;Reimbursement of
 Expenses of Williams,&#148; the transactions described in this
 section will or may continue following the completion of the
 spin-off.

 Reimbursement
 of Expenses of Williams 

 Williams charges us for the payroll and benefit costs associated
 with operations employees (referred to as direct employees) and
 carries the obligations for many employee-related benefits in
 its financial statements, including the liabilities related to
 employee retirement and medical plans. Our share of those costs
 is charged to us through affiliate billings and reflected in
 lease and facility operating and general and administrative
 within costs and expenses in the accompanying Combined Statement
 of Operations. These costs totaled $125 million,
 $123 million and $111 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively.

 In addition, Williams charges us for certain employees of
 Williams who provide general and administrative services on our
 behalf (referred to as indirect employees). These charges are
 either directly identifiable or allocated to our operations.
 Direct charges include goods and services provided by Williams
 at our request. Allocated general corporate costs are based on
 our relative use of the service or on a three-factor formula,
 which considers revenues; properties and equipment; and payroll.
 Our share of direct general and administrative expenses and our
 share of allocated general corporate expenses is reflected in
 general and administrative expense in the Combined Statement of
 Operations. These costs totaled $134 million,
 $136 million and $128 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. In our
 management&#146;s estimation, the allocation methodologies used
 are reasonable and result in a reasonable allocation to us of
 their costs of doing business incurred by Williams.

 Commodity
 Sales Contracts 

 We procure and sell natural gas for shrink replacement and fuel
 to Williams Partners and other Williams affiliates. We sell
 substantially all of the NGLs related to our production to
 Williams Partners. We conduct these transactions at market
 prices at the time of purchase. Revenues from these sales
 totaled $786 million, $547 million and
 $1,078 million for the years ended December 31, 2010,
 2009 and 2008, respectively. Effective as of August 1,
 2011, we agreed to sell Williams Partners all NGLs produced from
 our processing plants connected to the Overland Pass Pipeline
 for an approximate 12 year term in exchange for a price
 resulting from arm&#146;s length negotiations between us and
 Williams Partners and approved by the conflicts committee of the
 board of directors of the general partner of Williams Partners.
 We retain the option to request redelivery of products at the
 Mont Belvieu, Texas NGL hub for physical marketing.

 In addition, through an agency agreement, we manage the
 jurisdictional merchant gas sales for Transcontinental Gas Pipe
 Line Company LLC (&#147;Transco&#148;), an indirect,
 wholly-owned subsidiary of Williams Partners. We are authorized
 to make gas sales on Transco&#146;s behalf in order to manage
 its gas purchase obligations. Although there is no exchange of
 payments between us and Transco for these transactions, we
 receive all margins associated with jurisdictional merchant gas
 sales business and, as Transco&#146;s agent, assume all market
 and credit risk associated with such sales.

 Gathering,
 Processing and Treating Contracts 

 We purchase gathering, processing and treating services from
 Williams Partners, primarily in the San Juan and Piceance
 Basins, under several contracts. We paid $163 million,
 $72 million and $44 million under these contracts for
 the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008,
 respectively. The rates Williams Partners charges us to provide
 these services are comparable to those that Williams Partners
 charges to similarly-situated nonaffiliated customers.

 171

 Table of Contents 

 In July 2011, we negotiated amendments to our existing
 gathering, processing and treating service contracts with
 Williams Partners in the San Juan and Piceance Basins,
 primarily to extend terms with corresponding adjustments in
 pricing resulting from arm&#146;s length negotiations between us
 and Williams Partners and approved by the conflicts committee of
 the board of directors of the general partner of Williams
 Partners. The amended and restated gas gathering, processing,
 dehydrating and treating agreement related to our Piceance Basin
 production was filed as an exhibit to the registration statement
 of which this information statement forms a part. That amended
 agreement adds
 life-of-lease 
 high-recovery cryogenic processing for nearly all of the gas we
 produce in the Piceance Basin to the original agreement&#146;s
 suite of basic midstream services. It reflects an adjustment in
 fees corresponding to the change in service and term and
 provides for future service expansions at market-clearing rates.
 We also entered into a new gathering contract with Williams
 Partners in the Marcellus Basin for fees resulting from
 arm&#146;s length negotiations between us and Williams Partners
 and approved by the conflicts committee of the board of
 directors of the general partner of Williams Partners.

 Transportation
 Contracts 

 We purchase natural gas transportation services from Williams
 Partners. Costs for these purchases were $25 million,
 $28 million and $34 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The rates
 Williams Partners charges us to provide these services are
 comparable to those that Williams Partners charges to
 similarly-situated nonaffiliated customers.

 We have executed a capacity commitment of 135,000 MMBtu/d
 on Williams Partners&#146; Transco Northeast Supply Link, which
 is scheduled to be in-service in the fourth quarter of 2013.
 Construction of the Northeast Supply Link remains subject to
 regulatory approvals. The transportation rate for this firm
 capacity commitment is $0.59/MMbtu and represents a demand
 payment obligation of $436MM over the 15 year life of the
 project. The receipt point is Transco Station 517 and the
 delivery point is the New York City market area.

 We manage a transportation capacity contract for Williams
 Partners. To the extent the transportation is not fully utilized
 or does not recover full-rate demand expense, Williams Partners
 reimburses us for these transportation costs. These
 reimbursements to us totaled approximately $9.8 million,
 $9.1 million and $10.9 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively.

 Derivative
 Contracts 

 We periodically enter into derivative contracts with Williams
 Partners to hedge Williams Partners&#146; forecasted NGL sales
 and natural gas purchases. The revenues for these contracts were
 $14 million and $6 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively, and an expense of
 $3 million for the year ended December 31, 2008. We
 enter into offsetting derivative contracts with third parties at
 equivalent pricing and volumes.

 Agreements
 Related to the Piceance Disposition 

 We entered into a contribution agreement and certain other
 agreements with Williams Partners that effected our sale to
 Williams Partners of certain gathering and processing assets in
 Colorado&#146;s Piceance Basin (the &#147;Piceance
 Disposition&#148;). These agreements were the result of
 arm&#146;s-length negotiations between Williams and the
 Conflicts Committee of the board of directors of the general
 partner Williams Partners, which is composed solely of
 independent directors unaffiliated with Williams.

 Contribution Agreement. On November 19,
 2010, we closed the Piceance Disposition as contemplated by the
 contribution agreement. The Piceance Disposition was made in
 exchange for consideration of $702 million in cash and
 1,849,138 Williams Partners common units. In March 2011, the
 Williams Partners common units we received in this transaction
 were distributed to Williams in a dividend.

 Conveyance, Contribution, and Assumption
 Agreement. In connection with the closing of the
 Piceance Disposition, the parties to the contribution agreement
 entered into a conveyance, contribution, and assumption

 172

 Table of Contents 

 agreement. This conveyance, contribution, and assumption
 agreement effected the contribution of the contributed interests
 from us to Williams Partners.

 Piceance Omnibus Agreement. Under an omnibus
 agreement entered into in connection with the Piceance
 Disposition, we are obligated to reimburse Williams Partners for
 (i) amounts incurred by Williams Partners for any costs
 required to complete the pipeline and compression projects known
 collectively as the Ryan Gulch Expansion Project,
 (ii) amounts incurred by Williams Partners prior to
 January 31, 2011 related to the development of a cryogenic
 processing arrangement with a subsidiary of ours, up to
 $20 million, and (iii) amounts incurred by Williams
 Partners for notice of violation or enforcement actions related
 to compression station land use permits or other losses, costs
 and expenses related certain surface lease use agreements. As of
 December 31, 2010, we paid obligations of Williams Partners
 related to the Ryan Gulch Expansion Project of
 $2.9 million. Williams Partners is obligated to reimburse
 us for any costs related to the pipeline and compression
 projects known collectively as the Kokopelli Expansion
 irrespective of whether those costs were incurred prior to the
 effective date of the Piceance Disposition. We received $432,000
 in reimbursements for the Kokopelli Expansion for the year ended
 December 31, 2010.

 Transition Services Agreement. We provide
 transition services to Williams Partners related to the Piceance
 Disposition. As of December 31, 2010, we incurred expenses
 of $3 million for which we were reimbursed by Williams
 Partners pursuant to this agreement.

 Meter Agency Agreements. We have agreed to
 provide for the operation, calibration and maintenance of
 certain meters for the benefit of Williams Partners. It is
 anticipated that payments under these agreements will be
 approximately $275,000 in 2011.

 Procedures
 for Review and Approval of Related Party Transactions 

 Our board of directors will adopt written procedures for
 approving related party transactions prior to the completion of
 the spin-off. Pursuant to these procedures, our Audit Committee
 will be responsible for reviewing and approving entry into any
 transactions with related persons (as defined in the regulations
 of the SEC), provided, however, that if such transaction
 involves a member of the Board, it must be reviewed and approved
 by the full Board. If it is impractical to convene an Audit
 Committee meeting before a related party transaction that is
 subject to Audit Committee approval occurs, the chair of the
 Audit Committee has the authority to review and approve the
 transaction. No director may participate in any review,
 consideration or approval of any related party transaction with
 respect to which such director or any of his or her immediate
 family members is the related person.

 In considering related party transactions under their authority,
 the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee chair or the full
 Board, as the case may be (each such group being referred to
 herein as an &#147;approving entity&#148;), in good faith, may
 approve only those related person transactions that are in, or
 not inconsistent with, our best interests and the best interests
 of our stockholders. In conducting a review of whether a
 transaction is in, or is not inconsistent with, our best
 interests and those of our stockholders, the approving entity
 will consider the benefits of the transaction to us, the
 availability of other sources for comparable products or
 services, the terms of the transaction, the terms available to
 unrelated third parties and to employees generally, and the
 nature of the relationship between us and the related party,
 among other things. All related party transactions required to
 be disclosed in our filings with the SEC will be so disclosed in
 accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. The
 agreements with Williams described under the heading
 &#147;Arrangements Between Williams and Our Company&#148; were
 approved by our board of directors in advance of the spin-off,
 prior to the adoption of these procedures.

 173

 Table of Contents 

 DESCRIPTION
 OF MATERIAL INDEBTEDNESS 

 We have issued $1.5 billion in aggregate principal amount
 of senior unsecured Notes and have a $1.5 billion senior
 unsecured Credit Facility. The following summary is a
 description of the principal terms of the Notes and the Credit
 Facility.

 Notes 

 On November 14, 2011, we issued $400 million aggregate
 principal amount of 5.250% Senior Notes due
 January 15, 2017 (the &#147;2017 notes&#148;), and
 $1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of
 6.000% Senior Notes due January 15, 2022 (the
 &#147;2022 notes,&#148; and, together with the 2017 notes, the
 &#147;Notes&#148;) under an indenture, dated November 14,
 2011, between us and The Bank of New York Mellon
 Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. The net proceeds from the
 offering of the Notes were approximately $1.479 billion
 after deducting the initial purchasers&#146; discounts and our
 estimated offering expenses. We retained $500 million of
 the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes and distributed
 the remainder of the net proceeds from the offering of the
 Notes, approximately $979 million, to Williams.

 Optional Redemption. We have the option, prior
 to maturity, in the case of the 2017 notes, and prior to
 October 15, 2021 (which is the date that is three months
 prior to the maturity date of the 2022 notes), in the case of
 the 2022 notes, to redeem all or a portion of the Notes of the
 applicable series at any time at a redemption price equal to the
 greater of (i) 100% of their principal amount and
 (ii) the discounted present value of 100% of their
 principal amount and remaining scheduled interest payments, in
 either case plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption
 date. We also have the option at any time on or after
 October 15, 2022 (which is the date that is three months
 prior to the maturity date of the 2022 notes) to redeem the 2022
 notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100%
 of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest
 thereon to the redemption date.

 Change of Control. If we experience a change
 of control (as defined in the indenture governing the Notes)
 accompanied by a rating decline with respect to a series of
 Notes, we must offer to repurchase the Notes of such series at
 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.

 Covenants. The terms of the indenture restrict
 our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to incur
 additional indebtedness secured by liens and to effect a
 consolidation, merger or sale of substantially all our assets.
 The indenture also requires us to file with the trustee and the
 SEC certain documents and reports within certain time limits set
 forth in the indenture. However, these limitations and
 requirements will be subject to a number of important
 qualifications and exceptions. The indenture does not require
 the maintenance of any financial ratios or specified levels of
 net worth or liquidity.

 Events of Default. Each of the following is an
 &#147;Event of Default&#148; under the indenture with respect to
 the Notes of any series:

 (1) a default in the payment of interest on the Notes of
 such series when due that continues for 30 days;

 (2) a default in the payment of the principal of or any
 premium, if any, on the Notes of such series when due at their
 stated maturity, upon redemption, or otherwise;

 (3) failure by us to duly observe or perform any other of
 the covenants or agreements (other than those described in
 clause (1) or (2) above) in the indenture, which
 failure continues for a period of 60 days, or, in the case
 of the reporting covenant under the indenture, which failure
 continues for a period of 90 days, after the date on which
 written notice of such failure has been given to us by the
 trustee; provided, however, that if such failure is not capable
 of cure within such
 60-day or
 90-day 
 period, as the case may be, such
 60-day or
 90-day 
 period, as the case may be, will be automatically extended by an
 additional 60 days so long as (i) such failure is
 subject to cure and (ii) we are using commercially
 reasonable efforts to cure such failure; and

 (4) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or
 reorganization described in the indenture.

 174

 Table of Contents 

 Credit
 Facility 

 On June 3, 2011 we entered into a $1.5 billion,
 five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement,
 which was amended and became effective on November 1, 2011.
 The Credit Facility may, under certain conditions, be increased
 by an additional $300 million. Funds may be borrowed under
 two methods of calculating interest: a fluctuating base rate
 equal to the lender&#146;s base rate plus an applicable margin,
 or a periodic base rate equal to LIBOR plus an applicable
 margin. The applicable margin and the commitment fee are based
 on our senior unsecured long-term debt ratings.

 Under the Credit Facility, prior to our receipt of an investment
 grade rating with a stable outlook, we will be required to
 maintain a ratio of net present value of projected future cash
 flows from Proved Reserves to Consolidated Indebtedness (each as
 defined in the Credit Facility) of at least 1.50 to 1.00. The
 net present value is determined as of the end of each fiscal
 year and reflects the present value, discounted at
 nine percent, of projected future cash flows of domestic
 proved oil and gas reserves (with a limitation of no more than
 35% representing proved undeveloped reserves), based on lender
 projected commodity price assumptions and after giving effect to
 hedge arrangements. This ratio will be tested at the end of each
 fiscal quarter beginning December 31, 2011. We have
 recently experienced weaker commodity prices and it is
 reasonably possible that in the future our present value ratio
 calculation could result in limiting our full use of the
 $1.5 billion Credit Facility. Even if such a limitation
 were to occur, we believe our sources of liquidity will be
 sufficient for us to pursue our anticipated capital spending
 plans.

 Under the Credit Facility, for us and our consolidated
 subsidiaries, the ratio of debt to capitalization (defined as
 net worth plus debt) will not be permitted to be greater than
 60%. This ratio will be tested at the end of each fiscal quarter
 beginning December 31, 2011. The Credit Facility also
 contains various covenants consistent with like companies&#146;
 unsecured credit facilities, with similar credit ratings in the
 industry. These covenants limit, among other things, our and our
 subsidiaries&#146; ability to incur indebtedness, grant certain
 liens supporting indebtedness, merge or consolidate, sell all or
 substantially all of our assets, enter into certain affiliate
 transactions and allow any material change in the nature of our
 or our subsidiaries&#146; businesses and require, among other
 things, that we grant a security interest in 80% of the present
 value of the proved reserves of oil and gas (and our equity
 interests in the subsidiaries owning such proved reserves of oil
 and gas) if, after our first issuance of senior unsecured notes,
 the notes are rated less than or equal to Ba2 by Moody&#146;s
 Investors Service, Inc. and BB by Standard &#038;
 Poor&#146;s Rating Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill
 Companies, Inc.

 The Credit Facility includes customary events of default. If an
 event of default occurs under the Credit Facility, the lenders
 will be able to terminate the commitments and accelerate the
 maturity of any loans under the Credit Facility and exercise
 other rights and remedies.

 We anticipate issuing letters of credit under the Credit
 Facility of $285 million to $530 million, primarily to
 satisfy the provisions of certain interstate transportation
 agreements currently guaranteed by Williams. Such letters of
 credit will reduce our borrowing availability under the Credit
 Facility on a dollar for dollar basis.

 175

 Table of Contents 

 DESCRIPTION
 OF CAPITAL STOCK 

 The following is a description of the material terms of our
 capital stock as to be provided in our amended and restated
 certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as
 each is anticipated to be in effect upon the completion of the
 spin-off. We also refer you to our amended and restated
 certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws,
 copies of which will be filed as exhibits to the registration
 statement of which this information statement forms a part.

 Authorized
 Capitalization 

 Following completion of the spin-off, our authorized capital
 stock will consist of (i) 2,000,000,000 shares of
 common stock, par value $.01 per share and
 (ii) 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value
 $.01 per share.

 Authorized but unissued shares of our capital stock may be used
 for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public
 offerings, to raise additional capital or to facilitate
 acquisitions. The DGCL does not require stockholder approval for
 any issuance of authorized shares. However, the listing
 requirements of the NYSE, which would apply so long as our
 common stock is listed on the NYSE, require stockholder approval
 of certain issuances equal to or exceeding 20% of the then
 outstanding voting power or then outstanding number of shares of
 common stock.

 Common
 Stock 

 Voting
 Rights 

 Each share of our common stock entitles its holder to one vote
 in the election of each director. No share of our common stock
 affords any cumulative voting rights. This means that the
 holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares voting
 for the election of directors can elect all directors to be
 elected if they choose to do so, subject to any voting rights
 granted to holders of any preferred stock. Generally, except as
 discussed in &#147;&#151;Anti-Takeover Effects of Certificate of
 Incorporation and Bylaws Provisions,&#148; all matters to be
 voted on by stockholders must be approved by a majority of the
 total voting power of the common stock present in person or
 represented by proxy at a meeting at which a quorum exists,
 subject to any voting rights granted to holders of any preferred
 stock. Except as otherwise provided by law or in the amended and
 restated certificate of incorporation (as further discussed in
 &#147;&#151;Anti-Takeover Effects of Certificate of
 Incorporation and Bylaws Provisions&#148;), and subject to any
 voting rights granted to holders of any outstanding preferred
 stock, amendments to the amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation must be approved by a majority of the votes
 entitled to be cast by the holders of common stock.

 Dividends 

 Holders of our common stock will be entitled to dividends in
 such amounts and at such times as our board of directors in its
 discretion may declare out of funds legally available for the
 payment of dividends. Dividends on our common stock will be paid
 at the discretion of our Board after taking into account various
 factors, including:

 &#149; 

 our financial condition;

 &#149; 

 our results of operations;

 &#149; 

 our capital requirements and development expenditures;

 &#149; 

 our future business prospects; and

 &#149; 

 any restrictions imposed by future debt instruments.

 176

 Table of Contents 

 Other
 Rights 

 On liquidation, dissolution or winding up of WPX, after payment
 in full of the amounts required to be paid to holders of
 preferred stock, if any, all holders of common stock are
 entitled to receive the same amount per share with respect to
 any distribution of assets to holders of shares of common stock.

 No shares of common stock are subject to redemption or have
 preemptive rights to purchase additional shares of our common
 stock or other securities.

 Upon completion of the spin-off, all the outstanding shares
 common stock will be validly issued, fully paid and
 nonassessable.

 Preferred
 Stock 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes
 our board of directors to establish one or more series of
 preferred stock. Unless required by law or by any stock exchange
 on which our common stock is listed, the authorized shares of
 preferred stock will be available for issuance without further
 action by you. Our board of directors is able to determine, with
 respect to any series of preferred stock, the terms and rights
 of that series, including the following:

 &#149; 

 the designation of the series;

 &#149; 

 the number of shares of the series, which our Board may, except
 where otherwise provided in the preferred stock designation,
 increase or decrease, but not below the number of shares then
 outstanding;

 &#149; 

 whether dividends, if any, will be cumulative or non-cumulative
 and the dividend rate of the series;

 &#149; 

 the dates at which dividends, if any, will be payable;

 &#149; 

 the redemption rights and price or prices, if any, for shares of
 the series;

 &#149; 

 the terms and amounts of any sinking fund provided for the
 purchase or redemption of shares of the series;

 &#149; 

 the amounts payable on shares of the series in the event of any
 voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
 winding-up 
 of the affairs of our company;

 &#149; 

 whether the shares of the series will have conversion privileges
 and if so, the terms and conditions of such privileges,
 including provision for adjustment of the conversion rate, if
 any;

 &#149; 

 restrictions on the issuance of shares of the same series or of
 any other class or series; and

 &#149; 

 the voting rights, if any, of the holders of the series.

 Anti-Takeover
 Effects of Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws
 Provisions 

 Some provisions of our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make the
 following more difficult:

 &#149; 

 acquisition of us by means of a tender offer or merger;

 &#149; 

 acquisition of us by means of a proxy contest or
 otherwise; or

 &#149; 

 removal of our incumbent officers and directors.

 These provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage
 coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These
 provisions also are designed to encourage persons seeking to
 acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of
 directors. We believe that the benefits of the potential ability
 to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited
 proposal to acquire or restructure our company outweigh the
 disadvantages of discouraging those proposals because
 negotiation of them could result in an improvement of their
 terms.

 177

 Table of Contents 

 Classified
 Board 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
 that our board of directors is divided into three classes. The
 term of the first class of directors expires at our 2012 annual
 meeting of stockholders, the term of the second class of
 directors expires at our 2013 annual meeting of stockholders and
 the term of the third class of directors expires at our 2014
 annual meeting of stockholders. At each of our annual meetings
 of stockholders, the successors of the class of directors whose
 term expires at that meeting of stockholders will be elected for
 a three-year term, one class being elected each year by our
 stockholders. This system of electing and removing directors may
 discourage a third party from making a tender offer or otherwise
 attempting to obtain control of us because it generally makes it
 more difficult for stockholders to replace a majority of our
 directors.

 Election
 and Removal of Directors 

 A director nominee shall be elected to our board of directors if
 the votes cast for such nominee&#146;s election exceed the votes
 cast against such nominee&#146;s election. Our amended and
 restated certificate of incorporation requires that directors
 may only be removed for cause and only by the affirmative vote
 of not less than 75% of votes entitled to be cast by the
 outstanding capital stock in the election of our board of
 directors.

 Size
 of Board and Vacancies 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
 that the number of directors on our board of directors will be
 fixed exclusively by our board of directors. Newly created
 directorships resulting from any increase in our authorized
 number of directors will be filled solely by the vote of our
 remaining directors in office. Any vacancies in our board of
 directors resulting from death, resignation, retirement,
 disqualification, removal from office or other cause will be
 filled solely by the vote of our remaining directors in office.

 Stockholder
 Action by Written Consent 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation eliminates
 the right of our stockholders to act by written consent.

 Stockholder
 Meetings 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and
 amended and restated bylaws provide that a special meeting of
 our stockholders may be called only by (i) our board of
 directors or (ii) the chairman of our board of directors
 with the concurrence of a majority of our board of directors.

 Amendments
 to Certain Provisions of our Bylaws 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and
 amended and restated bylaws provide that the provisions of our
 bylaws relating to the calling of meetings of stockholders,
 notice of meetings of stockholders, stockholder action by
 written consent, advance notice of stockholder business or
 director nominations, the authorized number of directors, the
 classified board structure, the filling of director vacancies or
 the removal of directors (and any provision relating to the
 amendment of any of these provisions) may only be amended by the
 vote of a majority of our entire board of directors or by the
 vote of holders of at least 75% of the votes entitled to be cast
 by the outstanding capital stock in the election of our board of
 directors.

 Amendment
 of Certain Provisions of our Certificate of
 Incorporation 

 The amendment of any of the above provisions in our amended and
 restated certificate of incorporation requires approval by the
 vote of a majority of our entire board of directors followed by
 the vote of holders of at least 75% of the votes entitled to be
 cast by the outstanding capital stock in the election of our
 board of directors.

 178

 Table of Contents 

 Requirements
 for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and
 Proposals 

 Our amended and restated bylaws establish advance notice
 procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and nomination
 of candidates for election as directors other than nominations
 made by or at the direction of our board of directors or a
 committee of our board of directors.

 No
 Cumulative Voting 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and
 amended and restated bylaws do not provide for cumulative voting
 in the election of directors.

 Undesignated
 Preferred Stock 

 The authorization of our undesignated preferred stock makes it
 possible for our board of directors to issue our preferred stock
 with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the
 success of any attempt to change control of us. These and other
 provisions may have the effect of deferring hostile takeovers or
 delaying changes of control of our management.

 Delaware
 Anti-Takeover Statute 

 Section 203 of the DGCL will apply to us. Subject to
 specific exceptions, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held
 Delaware corporation from engaging in a &#147;business
 combination&#148; with an &#147;interested stockholder&#148; for
 a period of three years after the date of the transaction in
 which the person became an interested stockholder, unless:

 &#149; 

 the &#147;business combination,&#148; or the transaction in
 which the stockholder became an &#147;interested
 stockholder&#148; is approved by the board of directors prior to
 the date the &#147;interested stockholder&#148; attained that
 status;

 &#149; 

 upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the
 stockholder becoming an &#147;interested stockholder,&#148; the
 &#147;interested stockholder&#148; owned at least 85% of the
 voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the
 transaction commenced (excluding for purposes of determining the
 voting stock outstanding and not outstanding, voting stock owned
 by the interested stockholder, those shares owned by persons who
 are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans in
 which employee participants do not have the right to determine
 confidentiality whether shares held subject to the plan will be
 tendered in a tender or exchange offer); or

 &#149; 

 on or subsequent to the date a person became an &#147;interested
 stockholder,&#148; the &#147;business combination&#148; is
 approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual
 or special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at
 least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock that is not
 owned by the &#147;interested stockholder.&#148;

 &#147;Business combinations&#148; include mergers, asset sales
 and other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the
 &#147;interested stockholder.&#148; Subject to various
 exceptions, an &#147;interested stockholder&#148; is a person
 who, together with his or her affiliates and associates, owns,
 or within the previous three years did own, 15% or more of the
 corporation&#146;s outstanding voting stock. These restrictions
 could prohibit or delay the accomplishment of mergers or other
 takeover or change in control attempts with respect to us and,
 therefore, may discourage attempts to acquire us.

 Limitations
 on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and
 Directors 

 The DGCL authorizes corporations to limit or eliminate the
 personal liability of directors to corporations and their
 stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of
 directors&#146; fiduciary duties. Under our amended and restated
 certificate of incorporation, subject to limitations imposed by
 the DGCL, no director shall be personally liable to us or our
 stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty
 as a director, except for liability:

 &#149; 

 for any breach of the director&#146;s duty of loyalty to the
 corporation or its stockholders;

 &#149; 

 for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve
 intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

 179

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 

 pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL (providing for
 liability of directors for unlawful payment of dividends or
 unlawful stock purchases or redemptions); or

 &#149; 

 for any transaction from which a director derived an improper
 personal benefit.

 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that we must indemnify
 our directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized by
 the DGCL. We are also expressly authorized to advance certain
 expenses (including attorneys&#146; fees and disbursements and
 court costs) and carry directors&#146; and officers&#146;
 insurance providing indemnification for our directors, officers
 and certain employees for some liabilities. We believe that
 these indemnification provisions and insurance are useful to
 attract and retain qualified directors and executive officers.
 There is currently no pending material litigation or proceeding
 involving any of our directors, officers or employees for which
 indemnification is sought.

 Recent
 Sale of Unregistered Securities 

 Except for the issuance of 1,000 shares of our common stock
 to Williams in April 2011, we have not issued any securities in
 unregistered transactions. The issuance of shares to Williams
 was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities
 Act pursuant to Section 4(2) thereof.

 Transfer
 Agent and Registrar 

 Computershare Trust Company, N.A. will be the transfer
 agent and registrar for our common stock.

 Listing 

 Following the spin-off, we expect to have our common stock
 listed on the NYSE under the symbol &#147;WPX.&#148;

 180

 Table of Contents 

 WHERE YOU
 CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 

 We have filed with the SEC a Registration Statement on
 Form 10 for the shares of common stock that Williams
 stockholders will receive in the distribution. This information
 statement does not contain all of the information contained in
 the Form 10 and the exhibits to the Form 10. We have
 omitted some items in accordance with the rules and regulations
 of the SEC. For additional information relating to us and the
 spin-off, we refer you to the Form 10 and its exhibits,
 which are on file at the offices of the SEC. Statements
 contained in this information statement about the contents of
 any contract or other document referred to may not be complete,
 and in each instance, if we have filed the contract or document
 as an exhibit to the Form 10, we refer you to the copy of
 the contract or other documents so filed. We qualify each
 statement in all respects by the relevant reference.

 You may inspect and copy the Form 10 and exhibits that we
 have filed with the SEC at the SEC&#146;s Public Reference Room
 at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549.
 Please call the SEC at (800) SEC-0330 for further
 information on the Public Reference Room. In addition, the SEC
 maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov, from which you can
 electronically access the Form 10, including its exhibits.

 We maintain an Internet site at www.wpxenergy.com. We do not
 incorporate our Internet site, or the information contained on
 that site or connected to that site, into the information
 statement or our Registration Statement on Form 10.

 As a result of the distribution, we will be required to comply
 with the full informational requirements of the Exchange Act. We
 will fulfill those obligations with respect to these
 requirements by filing periodic reports and other information
 with the SEC.

 We plan to make available, free of charge, on our Internet site
 our Annual Reports on
 Form 10-K, 
 Quarterly Reports on
 Form 10-Q, 
 Current Reports on
 Form 8-K, 
 reports filed under Section 16 of the Exchange Act and
 amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable
 after we electronically file or furnish those materials to the
 SEC.

 You should rely only on the information contained in this
 information statement or to which we have referred you. We have
 not authorized any person to provide you with different
 information or to make any representation not contained in this
 information statement.

 181

 INDEX TO
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SUPPLEMENTARY DATA AND SCHEDULE 

 Page 

 Unaudited pro forma combined financial statements 

 Introduction 

 F-2

 Pro Forma Combined Balance Sheet as of
 September 30, 2011 (unaudited) 

 F-3

 Pro Forma Combined Statement of Operations for
 the nine months ended September 30, 2011 and the year ended
 December 31, 2010 (unaudited) 

 F-4

 Notes to Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements
 (unaudited) 

 F-5

 Interim unaudited condensed combined financial statements 

 Condensed Combined Statement of Operations for
 the nine months ended September 30, 2011 and 2010
 (unaudited) 

 F-8

 Condensed Combined Balance Sheet as of
 September 30, 2011 and December 31, 2010
 (unaudited) 

 F-9

 Condensed Combined Statement of Equity for the
 nine months ended September 30, 2011 and 2010
 (unaudited) 

 F-10

 Condensed Combined Statement of Cash Flows for
 the nine months ended September 30, 2011 and 2010
 (unaudited) 

 F-11

 Notes to Condensed Combined Financial Statements
 (unaudited) 

 F-12

 Annual audited combined financial statements 

 Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm 

 F-32

 Combined Statement of Operations for the years
 ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

 F-33

 Combined Balance Sheet as of December 31,
 2010 and 2009 

 F-34

 Combined Statement of Equity for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

 F-35

 Combined Statement of Cash Flows for the years
 ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 

 F-36

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements 

 F-37

 Supplemental Financial Information 

 Supplemental Oil and Gas Disclosures
 (unaudited) 

 F-75

 Financial Statement Schedule 

 Schedule II &#151; Valuation and
 Qualifying Accounts 

 F-86

 F-1

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Unaudited
 Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements 

 Introduction 

 The unaudited pro forma combined financial statements are based
 upon the historical combined financial position and results of
 operations of WPX Energy (the &#147;Company&#148;), a wholly
 owned subsidiary of The Williams Companies, Inc.
 (&#147;Williams&#148;). The pro forma adjustments give effect to
 the separation of the Company into an independent, publicly
 traded company. In 2011, Williams contributed to the Company its
 investment in certain subsidiaries related to its exploration
 and production business. These contributions were recorded at
 historical cost as they are considered to be a reorganization of
 entities under common control. Additionally, in June 2011,
 Williams contributed to capital all notes payable to Williams
 owed by the combined entities and, as a result, the Company has
 received and will receive its investment in these certain
 subsidiaries without debt to Williams. The unaudited pro forma
 combined financial statements have been derived from the
 Company&#146;s historical combined financial statements set
 forth elsewhere in this information statement and are qualified
 in their entirety by reference to such historical combined
 financial statements and notes thereto. The unaudited pro forma
 combined financial statements should be read in conjunction with
 the notes accompanying such unaudited pro forma combined
 financial statements, as well as in conjunction with our
 historical combined financial statements and related notes
 thereto and &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations,&#148; each of
 which is included elsewhere in this information statement.

 The unaudited pro forma combined financial statements as of
 September 30, 2011 and for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2011 and year ended December 31, 2010
 were derived by adjusting the Company&#146;s historical combined
 financial statements. The pro forma adjustments are based upon
 currently available information and certain estimates and
 assumptions; therefore, actual adjustments will differ from the
 pro forma adjustments. However, management believes the
 adjustments provide a reasonable basis for presenting the
 significant effects of the transactions as contemplated and that
 the pro forma adjustments give appropriate effect to those
 assumptions and are properly applied in the pro forma combined
 financial statements.

 The unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations may not
 be indicative of the actual results that would have been
 achieved had the transactions been consummated on the dates
 indicated. Also, the unaudited pro forma combined financial
 statements should not be viewed as indicative of our financial
 condition or results of operations as of any future dates or for
 any future period.

 F-2

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Balance
 Sheet 

 September 30,
 2011 

 Pro Forma Adjustments 

 Combined 

 Restructuring 

 Concurrent Financing 

 Distribution 

 Combined 

 Historical(a) 

 Transactions 

 Transactions 

 Transactions 

 Pro Forma 

 (millions) 

 Assets 

 Current assets:

 Cash and cash equivalents

 $

 50

 $

 &#151;

 $

 1,479

 (c)

 $

 &#151;

 $

 550

 (979

 )(d)

 Accounts receivable:

 Trade, net of allowance for doubtful accounts

 444

 &#151;

 &#151;

 41

 (f)

 485

 Affiliate

 41

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (41

 )(f)

 &#151;

 Derivative assets

 388

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 388

 Inventories

 82

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 82

 Other

 65

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 65

 Total current assets

 1,070

 &#151;

 500

 &#151;

 1,570

 Investments

 119

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 119

 Properties and equipment, net

 8,729

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 8,729

 Derivative assets

 118

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 118

 Other noncurrent assets

 105

 &#151;

 21

 (c)

 &#151;

 126

 Total assets

 $

 10,141

 $

 &#151;

 $

 521

 $

 &#151;

 $

 10,662

 Liabilities and Equity 

 Current liabilities:

 Accounts payable:

 Trade

 $

 536

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 99

 (f)

 $

 635

 Affiliates

 99

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (99

 )(f)

 &#151;

 Accrued and other current liabilities

 171

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 171

 Deferred income taxes

 93

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 93

 Derivative liabilities

 107

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 107

 Total current liabilities

 1,006

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 1,006

 Deferred income taxes

 1,656

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 1,656

 Long-term debt

 &#151;

 &#151;

 1,500

 (c)

 &#151;

 1,500

 Derivative liabilities

 73

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 73

 Asset retirement obligations

 296

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 296

 Other noncurrent liabilities

 103

 47

 (a)

 &#151;

 &#151;

 150

 Equity:

 Owner&#146;s net investment

 6,729

 (47

 )(a)

 (979

 )(d)

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (5,703

 )(b)

 Accumulated other comprehensive income

 200

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 200

 Common stock, $.01 per value per share

 &#151;

 2

 (b)

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (g)

 2

 Additional paid-in capital

 &#151;

 5,701

 (b)

 &#151;

 &#151;

 5,701

 Noncontrolling interests

 78

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 78

 Total equity

 7,007

 (47

 )

 (979

 )

 &#151;

 5,981

 Total liabilities and equity

 $

 10,141

 $

 &#151;

 $

 521

 $

 &#151;

 $

 10,662

 See accompanying notes to pro forma financial statements

 F-3

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Unaudited
 Pro Forma Combined Statement of Operations 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2011 

 Year Ended December 31, 2010 

 Combined 

 Pro Forma 

 Combined 

 Combined 

 Pro Forma 

 Combined 

 Historical 

 Adjustments 

 Pro Forma 

 Historical 

 Adjustments 

 Pro Forma 

 (Millions - except per share amounts) 

 Revenues

 $

 2,996

 $

 &#151;

 $

 2,996

 $

 4,034

 $

 &#151;

 $

 4,034

 Costs and expenses:

 Lease and facility operating expense, including affiliate

 218

 &#151;

 218

 (f)

 286

 &#151;

 286

 (f)

 Gathering, processing and transportation, including affiliate

 372

 &#151;

 372

 (f)

 326

 &#151;

 326

 (f)

 Taxes other than income

 109

 &#151;

 109

 125

 &#151;

 125

 Gas management (including charges for unutilized pipeline
 capacity)

 1,122

 &#151;

 1,122

 1,771

 &#151;

 1,771

 Exploration

 107

 &#151;

 107

 73

 &#151;

 73

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization

 703

 &#151;

 703

 875

 &#151;

 875

 Impairment of producing properties and costs of acquired
 unproved reserves

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 678

 &#151;

 678

 Goodwill impairment

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 1,003

 &#151;

 1,003

 General and administrative, including affiliate

 208

 &#151;

 208

 (f)

 253

 &#151;

 253

 (f)

 Other &#151; net

 4

 &#151;

 4

 19

 &#151;

 (19

 )

 Total costs and expenses

 2,843

 &#151;

 2,843

 5,371

 &#151;

 5,371

 Operating income (loss)

 153

 153

 (1,337

 )

 (1,337

 )

 Interest expense, including affiliate

 (97

 )

 95

 (a)

 (74

 )(f)

 (124

 )

 119

 (a)

 (101

 )(f)

 (72

 )(e)

 (96

 )(e)

 Interest capitalized

 8

 &#151;

 8

 16

 &#151;

 16

 Investment income and other

 19

 &#151;

 19

 21

 &#151;

 21

 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes

 83

 23

 106

 (1,424

 )

 23

 (1,401

 )

 Provision (benefit) for income taxes

 29

 8

 (h)

 37

 (150

 )

 8

 (h)

 (142

 )

 Income (loss) from continuing operations

 54

 15

 69

 (1,274

 )

 15

 (1,259

 )

 Loss from discontinued operations

 (11

 )

 &#151;

 (11

 )

 (8

 )

 &#151;

 (8

 )

 Net income (loss)

 $

 43

 $

 15

 $

 58

 $

 (1,282

 )

 $

 15

 $

 (1,267

 )

 Pro forma income (loss) from continuing operations per share
 (Note 3):

 Basic

 $

 0.35

 $

 (6.39

 )

 Diluted

 $

 0.35

 $

 (6.39

 )

 Weighted average shares outstanding:

 Basic

 197

 197

 Diluted

 199

 197

 See accompanying notes to pro forma financial statements

 F-4

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes
 to Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

 Note 1. 

 Basis of
 Presentation 

 The historical financial information is derived from the
 historical combined financial statements of WPX Energy set forth
 elsewhere in this information statement and is qualified in its
 entirety by reference to such historical combined financial
 statements and notes thereto. The pro forma adjustments have
 been prepared as if the transactions to be effected prior to or
 at the completion of the separation of the Company into an
 independent, publicly traded company had taken place on
 September 30, 2011, in the case of the unaudited pro forma
 combined balance sheet or as of January 1, 2010, in the
 case of the unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations
 for the year ended December 31, 2010, and the nine months
 ended September 30, 2011.

 Upon completion of our separation from Williams, we anticipate
 incurring incremental general and administrative expense as a
 result of being a public company. No pro forma adjustment has
 been made for these additional expenses, as an estimate of these
 expenses is not objectively determinable. Additionally, we
 currently depend on Williams for a number of administrative
 functions. Prior to the completion of our separation from
 Williams, we will enter into a transition services agreement
 under which Williams will provide to us, on an interim basis,
 various corporate support services. For more information
 regarding this agreement, see &#147;Arrangements Between
 Williams and Our Company.&#148;

 At September 30, 2011, we have no employees. Williams is
 currently evaluating the form of the employee transfers which
 are expected to be effective as of January 1, 2012.
 Williams may decide to effect this by contributing to us newly
 formed administrative entities. We expect such transfers will
 not include any significant assets, but could involve
 approximately $10-$15 million of employee-related
 liabilities. The actual amount of these employee-related
 liabilities will not be objectively determinable until the time
 when the specific employees are known. Upon completion of our
 separation from Williams, we will enter into an employee matters
 agreement with Williams that will set forth our agreements with
 Williams as to certain employment, compensation and benefit
 matters. For more information regarding this agreement and the
 presentation of employee costs in the historical financial
 statements, see &#147;Arrangements Between Williams and Our
 Company&#148; and Note 4 of Notes to Combined Financial
 Statements.

 Williams has agreed to provide us with up to a maximum of
 $20 million with respect to certain information technology
 transition costs we will incur as a result of our separation
 from Williams. The actual amount of cash we receive from
 Williams upon completion of the spin-off will be reduced by the
 total amount of such information technology costs already funded
 by Williams in advance of the spin-off. As of September 30,
 2011, Williams had incurred approximately $2 million
 related to these costs resulting in a remaining potential
 reimbursement from Williams of up to approximately
 $18 million. The entire amount we receive from Williams
 will be recorded as a capital contribution from Williams upon
 receipt and any future amounts we spend on such information
 technology transition costs and expenses will be recorded as
 increases in our assets or expenses depending on the specific
 nature of the costs. No pro forma adjustment has been made for
 this capital contribution or the related information technology
 transition costs and expenses as an estimate of these costs and
 expenses is not objectively determinable.

 Upon completion of our separation from Williams, we will enter
 into a tax sharing agreement with Williams. The tax sharing
 agreement will govern the respective rights, responsibilities
 and obligations of Williams and us with respect to various
 matters regarding taxes. Historically, the Company&#146;s
 domestic operations have been included in the consolidated
 federal and state income tax returns for Williams, except for
 certain separate state filings. The income tax provision
 presented in the Company&#146;s historical combined financial
 statements has been calculated on a separate return basis,
 except for certain state and federal tax attributes (primarily
 minimum tax credit carry-forwards) for which the actual
 allocation (if any) cannot be determined until the consolidated
 tax returns are complete for the year in which an income tax
 deconsolidation event occurs. For more information regarding
 this agreement and the presentation of income taxes in the

 F-5

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Pro Forma Combined Financial
 Statements &#151; (Continued) 

 historical financial statements, see &#147;Arrangements Between
 Williams and Our Company&#148; and Note 10 of Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements.

 Note 2. 

 Pro Forma
 Adjustments 

 Restructuring
 Transactions 

 (a) In 2011, in accordance with the terms of our separation
 and distribution agreement with Williams, Williams contributed
 its investment in certain subsidiaries related to its
 exploration and production business to us. Our separation and
 distribution agreement with Williams also provides certain
 indemnifications to us related to these contributions. These
 contributions have been recorded at historical cost as they are
 considered to be a reorganization of entities under common
 control. Adjustments included in the pro forma combined
 financial statements related to our separation and distribution
 agreement are as follows:

 &#149; 

 In June 2011, Williams contributed to our capital all notes
 payable to Williams owed by the combined entities and, as a
 result, as of July 1, 2011, we have and will receive our
 investment in these certain subsidiaries without any debt to
 Williams. The unaudited pro forma combined statement of
 operations reflects the elimination of $95 million and
 $119 million of affiliate interest expense associated with
 these notes for the nine months ended September 30, 2011
 and the year ended December 31, 2010, respectively, that is
 replaced by the interest incurred on the new senior unsecured
 notes.

 &#149; 

 The indemnifications included in the separation and distribution
 agreement result in the addition of a $47 million
 non-current liability as of September 30, 2011, which
 represents the net asset (net of related liabilities) we have
 recorded related to Williams&#146; former power business
 matters. We will be required to pay Williams for any net cash
 received upon ultimate resolution of these matters. For
 additional information regarding these indemnifications and the
 Williams&#146; former power business matters, see
 &#147;Arrangements Between Williams and Our Company&#148; and
 Note 11 of Notes to Combined Financial Statements,
 respectively.

 (b) Reflects the split of the outstanding shares of our
 common stock, all of which are owned by Williams, into
 approximately 197 million shares of our common stock.

 Concurrent
 Financing Transactions 

 (c) Reflects the receipt of $1.479 billion from our
 offering of the senior unsecured notes, after deducting the
 discounts of the initial purchasers of these notes and other
 issuance costs totaling approximately $21 million. These
 costs will be amortized to interest expense over the respective
 terms of the notes.

 (d) Reflects the distribution of approximately
 $979 million to Williams from the net proceeds of the
 $1.5 billion in notes discussed in adjustment (c) less
 the retention of $500 million, which will be available to
 us to fund capital spending and acquisition and exploration
 opportunities, to provide additional liquidity and for other
 general corporate purposes.

 (e) Reflects total interest expense for our
 $1.5 billion offering of the notes discussed in adjustment
 (c) and our new $1.5 billion senior unsecured revolving
 credit facility. The amount is comprised of:

 &#149; 

 interest expense on the notes at an annual weighted average
 interest rate of 5.80% and a weighted average term of 8.8 years;

 &#149; 

 amortized debt issuance costs related to our debt; and

 &#149; 

 commitment fees and amortized costs related to our new credit
 facility.

 F-6

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Pro Forma Combined Financial
 Statements &#151; (Continued) 

 No borrowings under the revolving credit facility are assumed
 for any period presented. Actual interest expense we incur in
 future periods may be higher or lower depending on our actual
 utilization of the revolving credit facility.

 We have certain contractual obligations, primarily interstate
 transportation agreements, which contain collateral support
 requirements based on our credit ratings. Because Williams has
 an investment grade credit rating and guaranteed these
 contracts, we have not historically been required to provide
 collateral support. Williams has informed us that prior to or
 shortly after the spin-off, it expects it will obtain releases
 of the guarantees. We anticipate issuing letters of credit under
 our Credit Facility of $285 million to satisfy the
 provisions of these contracts but the amount could be up to
 $530 million. Our future borrowing capacity under the
 revolving credit facility will be reduced by any letters of
 credit issued under the facility. No pro forma adjustment has
 been made for additional interest expense associated with our
 anticipated issuance of these letters of credit as an estimate
 of such expense is not objectively determinable until our
 initial credit rating has been established.

 Distribution
 Transactions 

 (f) Upon completion of our separation from Williams,
 amounts reflected in our historical combined financial
 statements as affiliate will be reclassified to unaffiliated
 third-party.

 (g) Represents the distribution of approximately
 197 million shares of our common stock at a par value of
 $.01 per share to holders of Williams common stock based on the
 number of shares of Williams common stock expected to be
 outstanding as of the record date. The actual number of shares
 of WPX common stock expected to be distributed will be
 calculated on December 14, 2011, the record date.

 Other
 Adjustments 

 (h) Reflects the adjustment of the provision (benefit) for
 income taxes for the adjustments made to income (loss) before
 income taxes at an estimated statutory rate of approximately 36%.

 Note 3. 

 Earnings
 per Share 

 The calculation of pro forma basic income (loss) from continuing
 operations per share was calculated by dividing the pro forma
 income (loss) from continuing operations by the number of shares
 of Williams common stock expected to be outstanding as of the
 record date, adjusted for the distribution ratio of
 one share of our common stock for every three shares of
 Williams common stock outstanding. The calculation of pro forma
 diluted income (loss) from continuing operations per share for
 the nine-months ended September 30, 2011 was calculated by
 dividing the pro forma income (loss) from continuing operations
 by the number of diluted weighted-average shares of Williams
 common stock for the nine-months ended September 30, 2011,
 adjusted for the same distribution ratio. For the year ended
 December 31, 2010 the potentially dilutive securities have
 been excluded from the computation of dilutive earnings per
 common share as their inclusion would have been antidilutive due
 to our loss from continuing operations. This calculation may not
 be indicative of the dilutive effect that will actually result
 from the replacement of Williams&#146; stock-based awards. The
 number of dilutive shares of our common stock that will result
 from Williams&#146; stock options and restricted stock awards
 held by our employees will not be determined until after the
 first trading day following the date Williams distributes its
 common stock ownership in us.

 F-7

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 
 (Note 1) 
 
 Condensed Combined Statement of Operations 
 (Unaudited) 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Dollars in millions) 

 Revenues:

 Oil and gas sales, including affiliate

 $

 1,877

 $

 1,660

 Gas management, including affiliate

 1,092

 1,357

 Hedge ineffectiveness and mark to market gains and losses

 20

 25

 Other

 7

 32

 Total revenues

 2,996

 3,074

 Costs and expenses:

 Lease and facility operating, including affiliate

 218

 207

 Gathering, processing and transportation, including affiliate

 372

 216

 Taxes other than income

 109

 109

 Gas management (including charges for unutilized pipeline
 capacity)

 1,122

 1,385

 Exploration

 107

 45

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization

 703

 655

 Impairment of producing properties and costs of acquired
 unproved reserves

 &#151;

 678

 Goodwill impairment

 &#151;

 1,003

 General and administrative, including affiliate

 208

 183

 Other &#151; net

 4

 (6

 )

 Total costs and expenses

 2,843

 4,475

 Operating income (loss)

 153

 (1,401

 )

 Interest expense, including affiliate

 (97

 )

 (88

 )

 Interest capitalized

 8

 12

 Investment income and other

 19

 15

 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes

 83

 (1,462

 )

 Provision (benefit) for income taxes

 29

 (167

 )

 Income (loss) from continuing operations

 54

 (1,295

 )

 Loss from discontinued operations

 (11

 )

 (2

 )

 Net income (loss)

 43

 (1,297

 )

 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

 7

 6

 Net income (loss) attributable to WPX Energy

 $

 36

 $

 (1,303

 )

 See accompanying notes.

 F-8

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 
 (Note 1) 
 
 Condensed Combined Balance Sheet 
 (Unaudited) 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Dollars in millions) 

 Assets 

 Current assets:

 Cash and cash equivalents

 $

 50

 $

 37

 Accounts receivable:

 Trade, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $17 at
 September 30, 2011 and $16 at December 31, 2010

 444

 362

 Affiliate

 41

 60

 Derivative assets

 388

 400

 Inventories

 82

 77

 Other

 65

 22

 Total current assets

 1,070

 958

 Investments

 119

 105

 Properties and equipment (successful efforts method of
 accounting)

 13,485

 12,564

 Less &#151; accumulated depreciation, depletion and
 amortization

 (4,756

 )

 (4,115

 )

 Properties and equipment, net

 8,729

 8,449

 Derivative assets

 118

 173

 Other noncurrent assets

 105

 161

 Total assets

 $

 10,141

 $

 9,846

 Liabilities and Equity 

 Current liabilities:

 Accounts payable:

 Trade

 $

 536

 $

 451

 Affiliates

 99

 64

 Accrued and other current liabilities

 171

 158

 Deferred income taxes

 93

 87

 Notes payable to Williams

 &#151;

 2,261

 Accrued distribution to Williams

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Derivative liabilities

 107

 146

 Total current liabilities

 1,006

 3,167

 Deferred income taxes

 1,656

 1,629

 Derivative liabilities

 73

 143

 Asset retirement obligations

 296

 282

 Other noncurrent liabilities

 103

 125

 Contingent liabilities and commitments (Note 8) 

 Equity:

 Owner&#146;s net equity:

 Owner&#146;s net investment

 6,729

 4,260

 Accrued distribution to Williams

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Accumulated other comprehensive income

 200

 168

 Total owner&#146;s net equity

 6,929

 4,428

 Noncontrolling interests in combined subsidiaries

 78

 72

 Total equity

 7,007

 4,500

 Total liabilities and equity

 $

 10,141

 $

 9,846

 See accompanying notes.

 F-9

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 
 (Note 1) 

 Condensed
 Combined Statement of Equity 
 (Unaudited) 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

 2011 

 2010 

 Owner&#146;s Net 

 Noncontrolling 

 Owner&#146;s Net 

 Noncontrolling 

 Equity 

 Interests* 

 Total 

 Equity 

 Interests* 

 Total 

 (Millions) 

 Beginning balance 

 $

 4,428

 $

 72

 $

 4,500

 $

 5,341

 $

 64

 $

 5,405

 Comprehensive income (loss):

 Net income

 36

 7

 43

 (1,303

 )

 6

 (1,297

 )

 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:

 Net change in cash flow hedges

 33

 &#151;

 33

 187

 &#151;

 187

 Total comprehensive income (loss)

 69

 7

 76

 (1,116

 )

 6

 (1,110

 )

 Contribution of notes payable from Williams

 2,420

 &#151;

 2,420

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Dividends to noncontrolling interests

 &#151;

 (1

 )

 (1

 )

 &#151;

 (1

 )

 (1

 )

 Net transfers with Williams

 12

 &#151;

 12

 50

 &#151;

 50

 Ending balance 

 $

 6,929

 $

 78

 $

 7,007

 $

 4,275

 $

 69

 $

 4,334

 * 

 Represents the 31 percent interest in Apco Oil and Gas
 International Inc. owned by others. 

 See accompanying notes.

 F-10

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 
 (Note 1) 

 Condensed
 Combined Statement of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Dollars in millions) 

 Operating Activities: 

 Net income

 $

 43

 $

 (1,297

 )

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
 operating activities:

 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization

 704

 661

 Deferred income taxes provision (benefit)

 (6

 )

 (173

 )

 Provision for impairment of goodwill and properties and
 equipment (including certain exploration expenses)

 120

 1,715

 Gain on sales of other assets

 &#151;

 (13

 )

 Cash provided (used) by operating assets and liabilities:

 Accounts receivable and payable &#151; affiliate

 49

 30

 Accounts receivable &#151; trade

 (88

 )

 59

 Inventories

 (5

 )

 (25

 )

 Margin deposits and customer margin deposits payable

 (25

 )

 5

 Other current assets

 (10

 )

 10

 Accounts payable &#151; trade

 78

 (61

 )

 Accrued and other current liabilities

 31

 (55

 )

 Changes in current and noncurrent derivative assets and
 liabilities

 7

 (38

 )

 Other, including changes in noncurrent assets and liabilities

 (10

 )

 34

 Net cash provided by operating activities

 888

 852

 Investing Activities: 

 Capital expenditures*

 (1,088

 )

 (1,460

 )

 Proceeds from sales of assets

 17

 32

 Purchases of investments

 (8

 )

 (6

 )

 Other &#151; net

 23

 1

 Net cash used by investing activities

 (1,056

 )

 (1,433

 )

 Financing Activities: 

 Net changes in notes payable to parent

 159

 532

 Net changes in owner&#146;s investment

 33

 52

 Revolving debt facility costs

 (8

 )

 &#151;

 Other

 (3

 )

 (2

 )

 Net cash provided (used) by financing activities

 181

 582

 Increase in cash and cash equivalents

 13

 1

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

 37

 34

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

 $

 50

 $

 35

 * Increases to property, plant, and equipment

 $

 (1,095

 )

 $

 (1,477

 )

 Changes in related accounts payable and accrued liabilities

 7

 17

 Capital expenditures

 $

 (1,088

 )

 $

 (1,460

 )

 See accompanying notes.

 F-11

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes
 to Condensed Combined Financial Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

 Note 1. 

 General 

 The combined businesses represented herein as WPX Energy (also
 referred to as the &#147;Company&#148;) comprise substantially
 all of the exploration and production operating segment of The
 Williams Companies, Inc. (&#147;Williams&#148;). In these notes,
 WPX Energy is referred to in the first person as &#147;we&#148;,
 &#147;us&#148; or &#147;our&#148;.

 On February 16, 2011, Williams announced that its board of
 directors had approved pursuing a plan to separate
 Williams&#146; businesses into two stand-alone, publicly traded
 corporations. Williams initially intended to separate its
 exploration and production business via an initial public
 offering of up to 20% of its interest in WPX, to be followed by
 a tax-free spinoff to Williams&#146; stockholders of its
 remaining interest. On October 18, 2011, Williams announced
 that, due to unfavorable capital markets conditions, it would
 pursue a plan to distribute 100% of our common stock to Williams
 stockholders (the &#147;Spin-Off&#148;). This authorization is
 subject to final approval by the Williams board of directors.
 WPX Energy, Inc. was formed in April 2011 to effect the
 separation. In July 2011, Williams contributed to the Company
 its investment in certain subsidiaries related to its domestic
 exploration and production business, including its wholly-owned
 subsidiaries Williams Production Holdings, LLC and Williams
 Production Company, LLC, as well as all ongoing operations of
 WPX Energy Marketing LLC, formerly known as Williams Gas
 Marketing, Inc. In October 2011, Williams contributed and
 transferred to the Company its investment in certain
 subsidiaries related to its international exploration and
 production business, including its 69 percent ownership
 interest in Apco Oil and Gas International Inc.
 (&#147;Apco&#148;, NASDAQ listed: APAGF). We refer to the
 collective contributions described herein as the
 &#147;Contribution&#148;.

 WPX Energy includes natural gas development, production and gas
 management activities located in the Rocky Mountain (primarily
 Colorado, New Mexico, and Wyoming), Mid-Continent (Texas), and
 Appalachian regions of the United States. We specialize in
 natural gas production from tight-sands and shale formations and
 coal bed methane reserves in the Piceance, San Juan, Powder
 River, Green River, Fort Worth, and Appalachian Basins.
 During 2010, we acquired a company with a significant acreage
 position in the Williston Basin (Bakken Shale) in North Dakota,
 which is primarily comprised of crude oil reserves. We also have
 international oil and gas interests which represented
 approximately two percent of combined revenues and approximately
 six percent of proved reserves for the year ended
 December 31, 2010. These international interests primarily
 consist of our ownership in Apco, an oil and gas exploration and
 production company with operations in South America.

 Note 2. 

 Basis of
 Presentation 

 Our accompanying interim condensed combined financial statements
 are unaudited and do not include all disclosures required in
 annual financial statements and therefore should be read in
 conjunction with the combined financial statements and notes
 thereto of the Company as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 and
 for each of the three years in the period ended
 December 31, 2010, included elsewhere in this registration
 statement. The accompanying unaudited condensed combined
 financial statements include all normal recurring adjustments
 that, in the opinion of our management, are necessary to present
 fairly our financial position at September 30, 2011 and our
 results of operations, changes in equity, and cash flows for the
 nine months ended September 30, 2011 and 2010.

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
 affect the amounts reported in the condensed combined financial
 statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ
 from those estimates.

 F-12

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 Events and transactions subsequent to the balance sheet date
 have been evaluated through October 28, 2011, the date
 these combined financial statements were first issued, for
 potential recognition or disclosure in the combined financial
 statements.

 Discontinued
 operations 

 The accompanying condensed combined financial statements and
 notes reflect the results of operations and financial position
 of our Arkoma Basin operations as discontinued operations for
 all periods (See Note 3).

 Unless indicated otherwise, the information in the Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial Statements relates to our
 continuing operations.

 Accounting
 Standards Issued But Not Yet Adopted 

 In May 2011, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)
 issued Accounting Standards Update
 No. 2011-4, 
 &#147;Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) Amendments to
 Achieve Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure
 Requirements in U.S. GAAP and IFRS&#148; (ASU
 2011-4). ASU
 2011-4 
 primarily eliminates the differences in fair value measurement
 principles between the FASB and International Accounting
 Standards Board. It clarifies existing guidance, changes certain
 fair value measurements and requires expanded disclosure
 primarily related to Level 3 measurements and transfers
 between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value
 hierarchy. ASU
 2011-4 is
 effective on a prospective basis for interim and annual periods
 beginning after December 15, 2011. We are assessing the
 application of this Update to our combined financial statements.

 In June 2011, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
 No. 2011-5, 
 &#147;Comprehensive Income (Topic 220) Presentation of
 Comprehensive Income&#148; (ASU
 2011-5). ASU
 2011-5 
 requires presentation of net income and other comprehensive
 income either in a single continuous statement or in two
 separate, but consecutive, statements. The Update requires
 separate presentation in both net income and other comprehensive
 income of reclassification adjustments for items that are
 reclassified from other comprehensive income to net income. The
 new guidance does not change the items reported in other
 comprehensive income, nor affect how earnings per share is
 calculated and presented. We currently report net income in the
 combined statement of operations and report other comprehensive
 income in the combined statement of equity. The standard is
 effective beginning the first quarter of 2012, with a
 retrospective application to prior periods. We plan to apply the
 new presentation beginning in 2012.

 Note 3. 

 Discontinued
 Operations 

 Summarized
 Results of Discontinued Operations 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Millions) 

 Revenues

 $

 10

 $

 13

 Loss from discontinued operations before impairment and income
 taxes

 $

 (1

 )

 $

 (3

 )

 Impairment of producing properties

 (16

 )

 &#151;

 Benefit for income taxes

 6

 1

 Loss from discontinued operations

 $

 (11

 )

 $

 (2

 )

 Impairments in 2011 reflect write-downs to an estimate of fair
 value less costs to sell the assets of our Arkoma Basin
 operations that were classified as held for sale as of
 September 30, 2011. This nonrecurring fair value
 measurement, which falls within Level 3 of the fair value
 hierarchy, was based on a probability-

 F-13

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 weighted discounted cash flow analysis that included offers we
 have received on the asset and internal cash flow models.

 The assets of our discontinued operations comprise significantly
 less than one percent of our total combined assets as of
 September 30, 2011, and December 31, 2010, and are
 reported within other current assets and other noncurrent
 assets, respectively, on our Condensed Combined Balance Sheet.
 Liabilities of our discontinued operations are insignificant for
 these periods.

 Note
 4. 

 Related
 Party Transactions 

 Transactions
 with Williams and Other Affiliated Entities 

 Below is a summary of the related party transactions for the
 nine months ended September 30, 2011 and 2010:

 Nine Months 

 Ended 

 September 30, 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Millions) 

 Oil and gas sales revenues &#151; sales of NGLs to WPZ

 $

 232

 $

 186

 Gas management revenues &#151; sales of natural gas for
 fuel and shrink to WPZ and another Williams subsidiary

 402

 386

 Lease and facility operating expenses from Williams-direct
 employee salary and benefit costs

 15

 19

 Gathering, processing and transportation expense from WPZ:

 Gathering and processing

 236

 95

 Transportation

 34

 16

 General and administrative from Williams:

 Direct employee salary and benefit costs

 83

 74

 Charges for general and administrative services

 45

 43

 Allocated general corporate costs

 47

 47

 Other

 12

 10

 Interest expense on notes payable to Williams

 95

 85

 Daily cash activity from our domestic operations was transferred
 to or from Williams on a regular basis and was recorded as
 increases or decreases in the balance due under unsecured
 promissory notes we had in place with Williams through
 June 30, 2011, at which time the notes were cancelled by
 Williams. The amount due to Williams at the time of cancellation
 was $2.4 billion and is reflected as an increase in
 owner&#146;s net investment.

 As previously discussed, our domestic operations were
 contributed to WPX Energy, Inc. on July 1, 2011. On
 June 30, 2011, certain entities that were contributed to us
 on July 1, 2011 withdrew from Williams&#146; benefit plans
 and terminated their personnel services agreements with
 Williams&#146; payroll companies. Simultaneously, two new
 administrative services entities owned and controlled by
 Williams executed new personnel services agreements with the
 payroll companies and joined the Williams plans as participants.
 The effect of these transactions is that none of the companies
 contributed to WPX Energy has any employees as of
 September 30, 2011. The services entities employ all
 personnel that provide services to WPX Energy and remain owned
 and controlled 100% by Williams.

 F-14

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 In addition, the current amount due to or from affiliates
 consists of normal course receivables and payables resulting
 from the sale of products to and cost of gathering services
 provided by WPZ. Below is a summary of these payables and
 receivables which are settled monthly:

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Millions) 

 Current:

 Accounts receivable:

 Due from WPZ and another Williams subsidiary

 $

 41

 $

 60

 Accounts payable:

 Due to WPZ

 $

 25

 $

 12

 Due to Williams for cash overdraft

 63

 38

 Due to Williams for accrued payroll and benefits

 11

 14

 $

 99

 $

 64

 Current derivative asset with WPZ

 $

 7

 $

 &#151;

 Current derivative liability with WPZ

 $

 4

 $

 &#151;

 Note 5. 

 Asset
 Sales, Impairments and Exploration Expenses 

 The following table presents a summary of significant gains or
 losses reflected in impairment of producing properties and costs
 of acquired unproved reserves, goodwill impairment and
 other&#151;net within costs and expenses:

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Millions) 

 Goodwill impairment

 &#151;

 $

 1,003

 Impairment of producing properties and costs of acquired
 unproved reserves*

 &#151;

 678

 Gain on sales of other assets

 &#151;

 (13

 )

 * 

 Excludes unproved leasehold property impairment, amortization
 and expiration included in exploration expenses. 

 As a result of significant declines in forward natural gas
 prices during 2010, we performed an interim impairment
 assessment in 2010 of our capitalized costs related to goodwill
 and domestic producing properties. As a result of these
 assessments, we recorded an impairment of goodwill, as noted
 above, and impairments of our capitalized costs of certain
 natural gas producing properties in the Barnett Shale of
 $503 million and capitalized costs of certain acquired
 unproved reserves in the Piceance Highlands acquired in 2008 of
 $175 million (see Note 9).

 Our impairment analyses included an assessment of undiscounted
 (except for the costs of acquired unproved reserves) and
 discounted future cash flows, which considered information
 obtained from drilling, other activities, and natural gas
 reserve quantities.

 In July 2010, we sold a portion of our gathering and processing
 facilities in the Piceance Basin to a third party for cash
 proceeds of $30 million resulting in a gain of
 $12 million.

 F-15

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 The following presents a summary of exploration expenses:

 Nine Months 

 Ended 

 September 30, 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Millions) 

 Geologic and geophysical costs

 $

 4

 $

 15

 Dry hole costs

 13

 15

 Unproved leasehold property impairment, amortization and
 expiration

 90

 15

 Total exploration expense

 $

 107

 $

 45

 Dry hole costs in 2011 reflect an $11 million dry hole
 expense in connection with a Marcellus Shale well in Columbia
 County, Pennsylvania, while 2010 reflects dry hole expense
 associated with our Paradox basin.

 Unproved leasehold impairment, amortization and expiration in
 2011 includes a $50 million write-off of leasehold costs
 associated with certain portions of our Columbia County acreage
 that we do not plan to develop.

 Note 6. 

 Inventories 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Millions) 

 Natural gas in underground storage

 $

 38

 $

 31

 Materials, supplies and other

 44

 46

 Total inventories

 $

 82

 $

 77

 Note 7. 

 Provision
 (Benefit) for Income Taxes 

 The provision (benefit) for income taxes includes:

 Nine Months 

 Ended 

 September 30, 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Millions) 

 Current:

 Federal

 $

 19

 $

 (2

 )

 State

 2

 1

 Foreign

 8

 7

 29

 6

 Deferred:

 Federal

 1

 (163

 )

 State

 (1

 )

 (10

 )

 Foreign

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (173

 )

 Total (benefit) provision

 $

 29

 $

 (167

 )

 The effective income tax rate of the total provision for the
 nine months ended September 30, 2011 approximates the
 federal statutory rate as taxes on foreign operations partially
 offset the effect of state income taxes.

 F-16

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 The effective income tax rate of the total provision for the
 nine months ended September 30, 2010, is less than the
 federal statutory rate due primarily to the non-deductible
 goodwill impairment.

 During the next twelve months, we do not expect ultimate
 resolution of any uncertain tax position will result in a
 significant increase or decrease of our unrecognized tax benefit.

 Note 8. 

 Contingent
 Liabilities and Commitments 

 Royalty
 litigation 

 In September 2006, royalty interest owners in Garfield County,
 Colorado, filed a class action suit in District Court, Garfield
 County Colorado, alleging we improperly calculated oil and gas
 royalty payments, failed to account for the proceeds that we
 received from the sale of natural gas and extracted products,
 improperly charged certain expenses and failed to refund amounts
 withheld in excess of ad valorem tax obligations. Plaintiffs
 sought to certify as a class of royalty interest owners, recover
 underpayment of royalties and obtain corrected payments
 resulting from calculation errors. We entered into a final
 partial settlement agreement. The partial settlement agreement
 defined the class members for class certification, reserved two
 claims for court resolution, resolved all other class claims
 relating to past calculation of royalty and overriding royalty
 payments, and established certain rules to govern future royalty
 and overriding royalty payments. This settlement resolved all
 claims relating to past withholding for ad valorem tax payments
 and established a procedure for refunds of any such excess
 withholding in the future. The first reserved claim is whether
 we are entitled to deduct in our calculation of royalty payments
 a portion of the costs we incur beyond the tailgates of the
 treating or processing plants for mainline pipeline
 transportation. We received a favorable ruling on our motion for
 summary judgment on the first reserved claim. Plaintiffs
 appealed that ruling and the Colorado Court of Appeals found in
 our favor in April 2011. In June 2011, Plaintiffs filed a
 Petition for Certiorari with the Colorado Supreme Court. We
 anticipate that Court will issue a decision on whether to grant
 further review later in 2011 or early in 2012. The second
 reserved claim relates to whether we are required to have
 proportionately increased the value of natural gas by
 transporting that gas on mainline transmission lines and, if
 required, whether we did so and are thus entitled to deduct a
 proportionate share of transportation costs in calculating
 royalty payments. We anticipate trial on the second reserved
 claim following resolution of the first reserved claim. We
 believe our royalty calculations have been properly determined
 in accordance with the appropriate contractual arrangements and
 Colorado law. At this time, the plaintiffs have not provided us
 a sufficient framework to calculate an estimated range of
 exposure related to their claims. However, it is reasonably
 possible that the ultimate resolution of this item could result
 in a future charge that may be material to our results of
 operations.

 Other producers have been in litigation or discussions with a
 federal regulatory agency and a state agency in New Mexico
 regarding certain deductions, comprised primarily of processing,
 treating and transportation costs, used in the calculation of
 royalties. Although we are not a party to these matters, we have
 monitored them to evaluate whether their resolution might have
 the potential for unfavorable impact on our results of
 operations. One of these matters involving federal litigation
 was decided on October 5, 2009. The resolution of this
 specific matter is not material to us. However, other related
 issues in these matters that could be material to us remain
 outstanding. We received notice from the U.S. Department of
 Interior Office of Natural Resources Revenue (ONRR) in the
 fourth quarter of 2010, intending to clarify the guidelines for
 calculating federal royalties on conventional gas production
 applicable to our federal leases in New Mexico. The ONRR&#146;s
 guidance provides its view as to how much of a producer&#146;s
 bundled fees for transportation and processing can be deducted
 from the royalty payment. We believe using these guidelines
 would not result in a material difference in determining our
 historical federal royalty payments for our leases in New
 Mexico. No similar specific guidance has been issued by ONRR for
 leases in other states, but such guidelines are expected in the
 future. However, the timing of receipt of the necessary
 guidelines is uncertain. In addition, these interpretive
 guidelines on the applicability of certain deductions in the
 calculation of federal royalties are extremely

 F-17

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 complex and will vary based upon the ONRR&#146;s assessment of
 the configuration of processing, treating and transportation
 operations supporting each federal lease. From January 2004
 through December 2010, our deductions used in the calculation of
 the royalty payments in states other than New Mexico associated
 with conventional gas production total approximately
 $55 million. Correspondence in 2009 with the ONRR&#146;s
 predecessor did not take issue with our calculation regarding
 the Piceance Basin assumptions which we believe have been
 consistent with the requirements. The issuance of similar
 guidelines in Colorado and other states could affect our
 previous royalty payments and the effect could be material to
 our results of operations.

 The New Mexico State Land Office Commissioner has filed suit
 against us in Santa Fe County alleging that Williams has
 underpaid royalties due per the oil and gas leases with the
 State of New Mexico. In August 2011, the parties agreed to stay
 this matter pending the New Mexico Supreme Court&#146;s
 resolution of a similar matter involving a different producer.

 Environmental
 matters 

 The EPA and various state regulatory agencies routinely
 promulgate and propose new rules, and issue updated guidance to
 existing rules. These new rules and rulemakings include, but are
 not limited to, rules for reciprocating internal combustion
 engine maximum achievable control technology, new air quality
 standards for ground level ozone, and one hour nitrogen dioxide
 emission limits. We are unable to estimate the costs of asset
 additions or modifications necessary to comply with these new
 regulations due to uncertainty created by the various legal
 challenges to these regulations and the need for further
 specific regulatory guidance.

 Matters
 related to Williams&#146; former power business 

 California
 energy crisis 

 Our former power business was engaged in power marketing in
 various geographic areas, including California. Prices charged
 for power by us and other traders and generators in California
 and other western states in 2000 and 2001 were challenged in
 various proceedings, including those before the FERC. We have
 entered into settlements with the State of California (State
 Settlement), major California utilities (Utilities Settlement),
 and others that substantially resolved each of these issues with
 these parties.

 Although the State Settlement and Utilities Settlement resolved
 a significant portion of the refund issues among the settling
 parties, we continue to have potential refund exposure to
 nonsettling parties, including various California end users that
 did not participate in the Utilities Settlement. We are
 currently in settlement negotiations with certain California
 utilities aimed at eliminating or substantially reducing this
 exposure. If successful, and subject to a final
 &#147;true-up&#148; 
 mechanism, the settlement agreement would also resolve our
 collection of accrued interest from counterparties as well as
 our payment of accrued interest on refund amounts. Thus, as
 currently contemplated by the parties, the settlement agreement
 would resolve most, if not all, of our legal issues arising from
 the
 2000-2001 
 California Energy Crisis. With respect to these matters, amounts
 accrued are not material to our financial position.

 Certain other issues also remain open at the FERC and for other
 nonsettling parties.

 Reporting
 of natural gas-related information to trade
 publications 

 Civil suits based on allegations of manipulating published gas
 price indices have been brought against us and others, in each
 case seeking an unspecified amount of damages. We are currently
 a defendant in class action litigation and other litigation
 originally filed in state court in Colorado, Kansas, Missouri
 and Wisconsin brought on behalf of direct and indirect
 purchasers of natural gas in those states. These cases were
 transferred to the federal court in Nevada. In 2008, the court
 granted summary judgment in the Colorado case in favor of us and
 most of the other defendants based on plaintiffs&#146; lack of
 standing. On January 8, 2009, the court denied

 F-18

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 the plaintiffs&#146; request for reconsideration of the Colorado
 dismissal and entered judgment in our favor. We expect that the
 Colorado plaintiffs will appeal now that the court&#146;s order
 became final on July 18, 2011.

 In the other cases, on July 18, 2011, the Nevada district
 court granted our joint motions for summary judgment to preclude
 the plaintiffs&#146; state law claims because the federal
 Natural Gas Act gives the FERC exclusive jurisdiction to resolve
 those issues. The court also denied the plaintiffs&#146; class
 certification motion as moot. On July 22, 2011, the
 plaintiffs filed their notice of appeal with the Nevada district
 court. Because of the uncertainty around these current pending
 unresolved issues, including an insufficient description of the
 purported classes and other related matters, we cannot
 reasonably estimate a range of potential exposures at this time.
 However, it is reasonably possible that the ultimate resolution
 of these items could result in future charges that may be
 material to our results of operations.

 Other
 Divestiture Indemnifications 

 Pursuant to various purchase and sale agreements relating to
 divested businesses and assets, we have indemnified certain
 purchasers against liabilities that they may incur with respect
 to the businesses and assets acquired from us. The indemnities
 provided to the purchasers are customary in sale transactions
 and are contingent upon the purchasers incurring liabilities
 that are not otherwise recoverable from third parties. The
 indemnities generally relate to breach of warranties, tax,
 historic litigation, personal injury, environmental matters,
 right of way and other representations that we have provided.

 At September 30, 2011, we do not expect any of the
 indemnities provided pursuant to the sales agreements to have a
 material impact on our future financial position. However, if a
 claim for indemnity is brought against us in the future, it may
 have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in
 the period in which the claim is made.

 In addition to the foregoing, various other proceedings are
 pending against us which are incidental to our operations.

 Summary 

 Litigation, arbitration, regulatory matters, and environmental
 matters and safety matters are subject to inherent
 uncertainties. Were an unfavorable ruling to occur, there exists
 the possibility of a material adverse impact on the results of
 operations in the period in which the ruling occurs. As of
 September 30, 2011 and December 31, 2010, the Company
 had accrued approximately $23 million and $21 million,
 respectively, for loss contingencies associated with royalty
 litigation, reporting of natural gas information to trade
 publications and other contingencies. Management, including
 internal counsel, currently believes that the ultimate
 resolution of the foregoing matters, taken as a whole and after
 consideration of amounts accrued, insurance coverage, recovery
 from customers or other indemnification arrangements, is not
 expected to have a materially adverse effect upon our future
 liquidity or financial position; however, it could be material
 to our results of operations in any given year. In certain
 circumstances, we may be eligible for insurance recoveries, or
 reimbursement from others. Any such recoveries or reimbursements
 will be recognized only when realizable.

 Commitments 

 As part of managing our commodity price risk, we utilize
 contracted pipeline capacity (including capacity on
 affiliates&#146; systems, resulting in a total of
 $412 million for all years) to move our natural gas
 production and

 F-19

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 third party gas purchases to other locations in an attempt to
 obtain more favorable pricing differentials. Our commitments
 under these contracts as of September 30, 2011 are as
 follows:

 (Millions) 

 Remainder of 2011

 $

 53

 2012

 216

 2013

 211

 2014

 177

 2015

 166

 Thereafter

 633

 Total

 $

 1,456

 We also have certain commitments to an equity investee and
 others, primarily for natural gas gathering and treating
 services and well completion services, which total
 $826 million over approximately seven years.

 We hold a long-term obligation to deliver on a firm basis
 200,000 MMBtu per day of natural gas to a buyer at the
 White River Hub (Greasewood-Meeker, Colorado), which is the
 major market hub exiting the Piceance Basin. This obligation
 expires in 2014.

 In connection with a gathering agreement entered into by WPZ
 with a third party in December 2010, we concurrently agreed to
 buy up to 200,000 MMBtu per day of natural gas at Transco
 Station 515 (Marcellus Basin) at market prices from the same
 third party. Purchases under the
 12-year 
 contract are expected to begin in the fourth quarter of 2011. We
 expect to sell this natural gas in the open market and may
 utilize available transportation capacity to facilitate the
 sales.

 Future minimum annual rentals under noncancelable operating
 leases as of September 30, 2011, are payable as follows:

 (Millions) 

 Remainder of 2011

 $

 9

 2012

 71

 2013

 74

 2014

 65

 2015

 35

 Thereafter

 41

 Total

 $

 295

 Note 9. 

 Fair
 Value Measurements 

 The following table presents, by level within the fair value
 hierarchy, our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair
 value on a recurring basis.

 September 30, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 Level 1 

 Level 2 

 Level 3 

 Total 

 Level 1 

 Level 2 

 Level 3 

 Total 

 (Millions) 

 (Millions) 

 Energy derivative assets

 $

 52

 $

 450

 $

 4

 $

 506

 $

 97

 $

 474

 $

 2

 $

 573

 Energy derivative liabilities

 $

 44

 $

 133

 $

 3

 $

 180

 $

 78

 $

 210

 $

 1

 $

 289

 Energy derivatives include commodity based exchange-traded
 contracts and over the counter (OTC) contracts. Exchange-traded
 contracts include futures, swaps, and options. OTC contracts
 include forwards, swaps and options.

 F-20

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 Many contracts have bid and ask prices that can be observed in
 the market. Our policy is to use a mid-market pricing (the
 mid-point price between bid and ask prices) convention to value
 individual positions and then adjust on a portfolio level to a
 point within the bid and ask range that represents our best
 estimate of fair value. For offsetting positions by location,
 the mid-market price is used to measure both the long and short
 positions.

 The determination of fair value for our assets and liabilities
 also incorporates the time value of money and various credit
 risk factors which can include the credit standing of the
 counterparties involved, master netting arrangements, the impact
 of credit enhancements (such as cash collateral posted and
 letters of credit) and our nonperformance risk on our
 liabilities. The determination of the fair value of our
 liabilities does not consider noncash collateral credit
 enhancements.

 Exchange-traded contracts include New York Mercantile Exchange
 and Intercontinental Exchange contracts and are valued based on
 quoted prices in these active markets and are classified within
 Level 1.

 Forward, swap, and option contracts included in Level 2 are
 valued using an income approach including present value
 techniques and option pricing models. Option contracts, which
 hedge future sales of our production, are structured as costless
 collars and are financially settled. They are valued using an
 industry standard Black-Scholes option pricing model.
 Significant inputs into our Level 2 valuations include
 commodity prices, implied volatility by location, and interest
 rates, as well as considering executed transactions or broker
 quotes corroborated by other market data. These broker quotes
 are based on observable market prices at which transactions
 could currently be executed. In certain instances where these
 inputs are not observable for all periods, relationships of
 observable market data and historical observations are used as a
 means to estimate fair value. Where observable inputs are
 available for substantially the full term of the asset or
 liability, the instrument is categorized in Level 2.

 Our energy derivatives portfolio is largely comprised of
 exchange-traded products or like products and the tenure of our
 derivatives portfolio is relatively short with more than
 99 percent of the net fair value of our derivatives
 portfolio expiring in the next 15 months. Due to the nature
 of the products and tenure, we are consistently able to obtain
 market pricing. All pricing is reviewed on a daily basis and is
 formally validated with broker quotes and documented on a
 monthly basis.

 Certain instruments trade with lower availability of pricing
 information. These instruments are valued with a present value
 technique using inputs that may not be readily observable or
 corroborated by other market data. These instruments are
 classified within Level 3 when these inputs have a
 significant impact on the measurement of fair value. The
 instruments included in Level 3 at September 30, 2011,
 consist primarily of natural gas index transactions that are
 used to manage our physical requirements.

 Reclassifications of fair value between Level 1,
 Level 2, and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, if
 applicable, are made at the end of each quarter. No significant
 transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 occurred during
 the period ended September 30, 2011 or 2010.

 F-21

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of changes in the
 fair value of our net energy derivatives classified as
 Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.

 Level 3
 Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable
 Inputs 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Millions) 

 Beginning balance

 $

 1

 $

 1

 Realized and unrealized gains included in income from continuing
 operations

 12

 2

 Settlements

 (9

 )

 (1

 )

 Transfers into Level 3

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Transfers out of Level 3

 (3

 )

 &#151;

 Ending balance

 $

 1

 $

 2

 Unrealized gains included in income from continuing operations
 relating to instruments still held at September 30

 $

 (1

 )

 $

 (1

 )

 Realized and unrealized gains included in income from continuing
 operations for the above periods are reported in revenues in our
 Condensed Combined Statement of Operations.

 The following table presents impairments associated with certain
 assets that have been measured at fair value on a nonrecurring
 basis within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

 Fair
 Value Measurements Using: 

 Total Losses for the Nine Months 

 Ended September 30, 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Millions) 

 Impairments:

 Goodwill (see Note 5)

 $

 &#151;

 $

 1,003

 (a)

 Producing properties and costs of acquired unproved reserves
 (see Note 5)

 &#151;

 678

 (b)

 $

 &#151;

 $

 1,681

 (a) 

 Due to a significant decline in forward natural gas prices
 across all future production periods during 2010, we determined
 that we had a trigger event and thus performed an interim
 impairment assessment of the approximate $1 billion of
 goodwill related to our domestic natural gas production
 operations (the reporting unit). Forward natural gas prices
 through 2025 as of September 30, 2010, used in our analysis
 declined more than 22 percent on average compared to the
 forward prices as of December 31, 2009. We estimated the
 fair value of the reporting unit on a stand-alone basis by
 valuing proved and unproved reserves, as well as estimating the
 fair values of other assets and liabilities which are identified
 to the reporting unit. We used an income approach (discounted
 cash flow) for valuing reserves. The significant inputs into the
 valuation of proved and unproved reserves included reserve
 quantities, forward natural gas prices, anticipated drilling and
 operating costs, anticipated production curves, income taxes,
 and appropriate discount rates. To estimate the fair value of
 the reporting unit and the implied fair value of goodwill under
 a hypothetical acquisition of the reporting unit, we assumed a
 tax structure where a buyer would obtain a
 step-up in
 the tax basis of the net assets acquired. Significant
 assumptions in valuing 

 F-22

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 proved reserves included reserves quantities of more than 4.4
 trillion cubic feet of gas equivalent; forward prices averaging
 approximately $4.65 per thousand cubic feet of gas equivalent
 (Mcfe) for natural gas (adjusted for locational differences),
 natural gas liquids and oil; and an after-tax discount rate of
 11 percent. Unproved reserves (probable and possible) were
 valued using similar assumptions adjusted further for the
 uncertainty associated with these reserves by using after- tax
 discount rates of 13 percent and 15 percent,
 respectively, commensurate with our estimate of the risk of
 those reserves. In our assessment as of September 30, 2010,
 the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill,
 exceeded its estimated fair value. We then determined that the
 implied fair value of the goodwill was zero. As a result of our
 analysis, we recognized a full $1 billion impairment charge
 related to this goodwill. 

 (b) 

 As of September 30, 2010, we also believed we had a trigger
 event as a result of significant declines in forward natural gas
 prices and therefore, we assessed the carrying value of our
 natural gas-producing properties and costs of acquired unproved
 reserves for impairments. Our assessment utilized estimates of
 future cash flows. Significant judgments and assumptions in
 these assessments are similar to those used in the goodwill
 evaluation and include estimates of natural gas reserve
 quantities, estimates of future natural gas prices using a
 forward NYMEX curve adjusted for locational basis differentials,
 drilling plans, expected capital costs, and an applicable
 discount rate commensurate with risk of the underlying cash flow
 estimates. The assessment performed at September 30, 2010,
 identified certain properties with a carrying value in excess of
 their calculated fair values. As a result, we recorded a
 $678 million impairment charge in the third-quarter 2010 as
 further described below. Fair value measured for these
 properties at September 30, 2010, was estimated to be
 approximately $320 million. 

 &#149; 

 $503 million of the impairment charge related to natural
 gas-producing properties in the Barnett Shale. Significant
 assumptions in valuing these properties included proved reserves
 quantities of more than 227 billion cubic feet of gas
 equivalent, forward weighted average prices averaging
 approximately $4.67 per Mcfe for natural gas (adjusted for
 locational differences), natural gas liquids and oil, and an
 after-tax discount rate of 11 percent.

 &#149; 

 $175 million of the impairment charge related to acquired
 unproved reserves in the Piceance Highlands acquired in 2008.
 Significant assumptions in valuing these unproved reserves
 included evaluation of probable and possible reserves
 quantities, drilling plans, forward natural gas (adjusted for
 locational differences) and natural gas liquids prices, and an
 after-tax discount rate of 13 percent.

 Note 10. 

 Financial
 Instruments, Derivatives, Guarantees, and Concentration of
 Credit Risk 

 Financial
 Instruments 

 Fair-value
 methods 

 We use the following methods and assumptions in estimating our
 fair-value disclosures for financial instruments:

 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted
 cash : The carrying amounts reported in the
 Condensed Combined Balance Sheet approximate fair value due to
 the nature of the instrument
 and/or the
 short-term maturity of these instruments.

 Other : Includes margin deposits and
 customer margin deposits payable for which the amounts reported
 in the Condensed Combined Balance Sheet approximate fair value.

 Energy derivatives : Energy derivatives
 include futures, forwards, swaps, and options. These are carried
 at fair value in the Condensed Combined Balance Sheet. See
 Note 9 for a discussion of the valuation of our energy
 derivatives.

 F-23

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 Carrying amounts and fair values of our financial instruments
 were as follows:

 September 30, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 Carrying 

 Fair 

 Carrying 

 Fair 

 Asset (Liability) 

 Amount 

 Value 

 Amount 

 Value 

 (Millions) 

 Cash and cash equivalents

 $

 50

 $

 50

 $

 37

 $

 37

 Restricted cash

 $

 29

 $

 29

 $

 24

 $

 24

 Other

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 (25

 )

 $

 (25

 )

 Net energy derivatives:

 Energy commodity cash flow hedges

 $

 316

 $

 316

 $

 266

 $

 266

 Other energy derivatives

 $

 10

 $

 10

 $

 18

 $

 18

 Energy
 Commodity Derivatives 

 Risk
 management activities 

 We are exposed to market risk from changes in energy commodity
 prices within our operations. We utilize derivatives to manage
 exposure to the variability in expected future cash flows from
 forecasted sales of natural gas and crude oil attributable to
 commodity price risk. Certain of these derivatives utilized for
 risk management purposes have been designated as cash flow
 hedges, while other derivatives have not been designated as cash
 flow hedges or do not qualify for hedge accounting despite
 hedging our future cash flows on an economic basis.

 We produce, buy, and sell natural gas and crude oil at different
 locations throughout the United States. To reduce exposure to a
 decrease in revenues from fluctuations in natural gas and crude
 oil market prices, we enter into natural gas and crude oil
 futures contracts, swap agreements, and financial option
 contracts to mitigate the price risk on forecasted sales of
 natural gas and crude oil. We have also entered into basis swap
 agreements to reduce the locational price risk associated with
 our producing basins. Those agreements and contracts designated
 as cash flow hedges are expected to be highly effective in
 offsetting cash flows attributable to the hedged risk during the
 term of the hedge. However, ineffectiveness may be recognized
 primarily as a result of locational differences between the
 hedging derivative and the hedged item. Our financial option
 contracts are either purchased options or a combination of
 options that comprise a net purchased option or a zero-cost
 collar.

 F-24

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 The following table sets forth the derivative volumes designated
 as hedges of production volumes as of September 30, 2011:

 Weighted Average 

 Notional 

 Price 

 Commodity 

 Period 

 Contract Type 

 Location 

 Volume (BBtu) 

 ($/MMBtu) 

 Natural Gas

 Oct-Dec 2011

 Costless Collar

 Rockies

 4,140

 $5.30 - $7.10

 Natural Gas

 Oct-Dec 2011

 Costless Collar

 San Juan

 8,280

 $5.27 - $7.06

 Natural Gas

 Oct-Dec 2011

 Costless Collar

 MidCon

 7,360

 $5.10 - $7.00

 Natural Gas

 Oct-Dec 2011

 Costless Collar

 SoCal

 2,760

 $5.83 - $7.56

 Natural Gas

 Oct-Dec 2011

 Costless Collar

 North East

 2,760

 $6.50 - $8.14

 Natural Gas

 Oct-Dec 2011

 Location Swaps

 Rockies

 8,740

 $5.31

 Natural Gas

 Oct-Dec 2011

 Location Swaps

 San Juan

 10,120

 $5.10

 Natural Gas

 Oct-Dec 2011

 Location Swaps

 MidCon

 2,300

 $5.05

 Natural Gas

 Oct-Dec 2011

 Location Swaps

 SoCal

 3,680

 $4.95

 Natural Gas

 Oct-Dec 2011

 Location Swaps

 North East

 11,490

 $5.48

 Natural Gas

 2012

 Location Swaps

 Rockies

 49,410

 $4.76

 Natural Gas

 2012

 Location Swaps

 San Juan

 40,260

 $4.94

 Natural Gas

 2012

 Location Swaps

 MidCon

 32,025

 $4.76

 Natural Gas

 2012

 Location Swaps

 SoCal

 11,895

 $5.14

 Natural Gas

 2012

 Location Swaps

 North East

 52,460

 $5.58

 Natural Gas

 2013

 Location Swaps

 North East

 1,800

 $6.48

 Notional 

 Weighted Average 

 Commodity 

 Period 

 Contract Type 

 Location 

 Volume (MBbl) 

 Price ($/Bbl) 

 Crude Oil

 Oct-Dec 2011

 Business Day Avg Swaps

 WTI

 414

 $96.56

 Crude Oil

 2012

 Business Day Avg Swaps

 WTI

 2,624

 $97.32

 We also enter into forward contracts to buy and sell natural gas
 to maximize the economic value of transportation agreements and
 storage capacity agreements. To reduce exposure to a decrease in
 margins from fluctuations in natural gas market prices, we may
 enter into futures contracts, swap agreements, and financial
 option contracts to mitigate the price risk associated with
 these contracts. Hedges for transportation contracts are
 designated as cash flow hedges and are expected to be highly
 effective in offsetting cash flows attributable to the hedged
 risk during the term of the hedge. However, ineffectiveness may
 be recognized primarily as a result of locational differences
 between the hedging derivative and the hedged item. Hedges for
 storage contracts have not been designated as hedging
 instruments, despite economically hedging the expected cash
 flows generated by those agreements.

 We also enter into energy commodity derivatives for other than
 risk management purposes, including managing certain remaining
 legacy natural gas contracts and positions from our former power
 business and providing services to third parties and affiliated
 entities. These legacy natural gas contracts include
 substantially offsetting positions and have an insignificant net
 impact on earnings.

 The following table depicts the notional amounts of the net long
 (short) positions which we did not designate as hedges of our
 production in our commodity derivatives portfolio as of
 September 30, 2011. Natural gas is presented in millions of
 British Thermal Units (MMBtu). All of the Central hub risk
 realizes by March 31, 2012 and 100% of the basis risk
 realizes by 2013. The net index position includes contracts for
 the future sale of physical natural gas related to our
 production. Offsetting these sales are contracts for the future

 F-25

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 production of physical natural gas related to WPZ&#146;s natural
 gas shrink requirements. These contracts result in minimal
 commodity price risk exposure and have a value of less than
 $1 million at September 30, 2011.

 Unit of 

 Central Hub 

 Basis 

 Index 

 Derivative Notional Volumes 

 Measure 

 Risk(a)(d) 

 Risk(b) 

 Risk(c) 

 Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 

 Risk Management

 MMBtu

 (11,400,829

 )

 (6,773,329

 )

 (81,599,245

 )

 Other

 MMBtu

 &#151;

 (6,110,000

 )

 (a) 

 includes physical and financial derivative transactions that
 settle against the Henry Hub price; 

 (b) 

 includes financial derivative transactions priced off the
 difference in value between the Central Hub and another specific
 delivery point; 

 (c) 

 includes physical derivative transactions at an unknown future
 price, including purchases of 64,204,250 MMBtu primarily on
 behalf of WPZ and sales of 145,803,495 MMBtu. 

 (d) 

 includes financial derivatives entered into with WPZ to reduce
 its exposure to decreases in its revenues from fluctuations in
 NGL market prices or increases in costs and operating expenses
 from fluctuations in natural gas market prices. These contracts
 are offset by 3rd party agreements. 

 Fair
 values and gains (losses) 

 The following table presents the fair value of energy commodity
 derivatives. Our derivatives are presented as separate line
 items in our Condensed Combined Balance Sheet as current and
 noncurrent derivative assets and liabilities. Derivatives are
 classified as current or noncurrent based on the contractual
 timing of expected future net cash flows of individual
 contracts. The expected future net cash flows for derivatives
 classified as current are expected to occur within the next
 12 months. The fair value amounts are presented on a gross
 basis and do not reflect the netting of asset and liability
 positions permitted under the terms of our master netting
 arrangements. Further, the amounts below do not include cash
 held on deposit in margin accounts that we have received or
 remitted to collateralize certain derivative positions.

 September 30, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 Assets 

 Liabilities 

 Assets 

 Liabilities 

 (Millions) 

 Designated as hedging instruments

 $

 331

 $

 15

 $

 288

 $

 22

 Not designated as hedging instruments:

 Legacy natural gas contracts from former power business

 130

 129

 186

 187

 All other

 45

 36

 99

 80

 Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments

 175

 165

 285

 267

 Total derivatives

 $

 506

 $

 180

 $

 573

 $

 289

 F-26

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 The following table presents pre-tax gains and losses for our
 energy commodity derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, as
 recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) or
 revenues.

 Nine Months Ended 

 September 30, 

 2011 

 2010 

 Classification 

 (Millions) 

 Net gain recognized in other comprehensive income (loss)
 (effective portion)

 $

 270

 $

 530

 AOCI

 Net gain reclassified from AOCI into income (effective portion)

 $

 219

 $

 235

 Revenues

 Gain recognized in income (ineffective portion)

 $

 &#151;

 $

 4

 Revenues

 There were no gains or losses recognized in income as a result
 of excluding amounts from the assessment of hedge effectiveness.

 The following table presents pre-tax gains and losses for our
 energy commodity derivatives not designated as hedging
 instruments.

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

 2011 

 2010 

 (Millions) 

 Gas management revenues

 $

 19

 $

 39

 Gas management expenses

 &#151;

 18

 Net gain

 $

 19

 $

 21

 The cash flow impact of our derivative activities is presented
 in the Condensed Combined Statement of Cash Flows as changes
 in current and noncurrent derivative assets and liabilities .

 Credit-risk-related
 features 

 Certain of our derivative contracts contain credit-risk-related
 provisions that would require us, in certain circumstances, to
 post additional collateral in support of our net derivative
 liability positions. These credit-risk-related provisions
 require us to post collateral in the form of cash or letters of
 credit when our net liability positions exceed an established
 credit threshold. The credit thresholds are typically based on
 our senior unsecured debt ratings from Standard and Poor&#146;s
 and/or 
 Moody&#146;s Investors Service. Under these contracts, a credit
 ratings decline would lower our credit thresholds, thus
 requiring us to post additional collateral. We also have
 contracts that contain adequate assurance provisions giving the
 counterparty the right to request collateral in an amount that
 corresponds to the outstanding net liability. Additionally, we
 have an unsecured credit agreement with certain banks related to
 hedging activities. We are not required to provide collateral
 support for net derivative liability positions under the credit
 agreement as long as the value of our domestic natural gas
 reserves, as determined under the provisions of the agreement,
 exceeds by a specified amount certain of its obligations
 including any outstanding debt and the aggregate
 out-of-the-money 
 position on hedges entered into under the credit agreement.

 As of September 30, 2011, we had collateral totalling
 $4 million posted to derivative counterparties to support
 the aggregate fair value of our net $21 million derivative
 liability position (reflecting master netting arrangements in
 place with certain counterparties), which includes a reduction
 of less than $1 million to our liability balance for our
 own nonperformance risk. At December 31, 2010, we had
 collateral totaling $8 million posted to derivative
 counterparties, all of which was in the form of letters of
 credit, to support the aggregate fair value of our net
 derivative liability position (reflecting master netting
 arrangements in place with certain counterparties) of
 $36 million, which included a reduction of less than
 $1 million to our liability

 F-27

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 balance for our own nonperformance risk. The additional
 collateral that we would have been required to post, assuming
 our credit thresholds were eliminated and a call for adequate
 assurance under the credit risk provisions in our derivative
 contracts was triggered, was $17 million and
 $29 million at September 30, 2011 and
 December 31, 2010, respectively.

 Cash flow
 hedges 

 Changes in the fair value of our cash flow hedges, to the extent
 effective, are deferred in AOCI and reclassified into earnings
 in the same period or periods in which the hedged forecasted
 purchases or sales affect earnings, or when it is probable that
 the hedged forecasted transaction will not occur by the end of
 the originally specified time period. As of September 30,
 2011, we have hedged portions of future cash flows associated
 with anticipated energy commodity purchases and sales for up to
 two years. Based on recorded values at September 30, 2011,
 $171 million of net gains (net of income tax provision of
 $101 million) will be reclassified into earnings within the
 next year. These recorded values are based on market prices of
 the commodities as of September 30, 2011. Due to the
 volatile nature of commodity prices and changes in the
 creditworthiness of counterparties, actual gains or losses
 realized within the next year will likely differ from these
 values. These gains or losses are expected to substantially
 offset net losses or gains that will be realized in earnings
 from previous unfavorable or favorable market movements
 associated with underlying hedged transactions.

 Concentration
 of Credit Risk 

 Derivative
 assets and liabilities 

 We have a risk of loss from counterparties not performing
 pursuant to the terms of their contractual obligations.
 Counterparty performance can be influenced by changes in the
 economy and regulatory issues, among other factors. Risk of loss
 is impacted by several factors, including credit considerations
 and the regulatory environment in which a counterparty
 transacts. We attempt to minimize credit-risk exposure to
 derivative counterparties and brokers through formal credit
 policies, consideration of credit ratings from public ratings
 agencies, monitoring procedures, master netting agreements and
 collateral support under certain circumstances. Collateral
 support could include letters of credit, payment under margin
 agreements, and guarantees of payment by credit worthy parties.
 The gross credit exposure from our derivative contracts as of
 September 30, 2011, is summarized as follows:

 Investment 

 Counterparty Type 

 Grade(a) 

 Total 

 (Millions) 

 Gas and electric utilities and integrated oil and gas companies

 $

 10

 $

 10

 Energy marketers and traders

 &#151;

 75

 Financial institutions

 421

 421

 $

 431

 506

 Credit reserves

 &#151;

 Gross credit exposure from derivatives

 $

 506

 We assess our credit exposure on a net basis to reflect master
 netting agreements in place with certain counterparties. We
 offset our credit exposure to each counterparty with amounts we
 owe the counterparty

 F-28

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 under derivative contracts. The net credit exposure from our
 derivatives as of September 30, 2011, excluding collateral
 support discussed below, is summarized as follows:

 Investment 

 Counterparty Type 

 Grade(a) 

 Total 

 (Millions) 

 Gas and electric utilities and integrated oil and gas companies

 $

 5

 $

 5

 Energy marketers and traders

 &#151;

 1

 Financial institutions

 342

 342

 $

 347

 348

 Credit reserves

 &#151;

 Net credit exposure from derivatives

 $

 348

 (a) 

 We determine investment grade primarily using publicly available
 credit ratings. We include counterparties with a minimum
 Standard &#038; Poor&#146;s rating of BBB- or Moody&#146;s
 Investors Service rating of Baa3 in investment grade. 

 Our seven largest net counterparty positions represent
 approximately 94 percent of our net credit exposure from
 derivatives and are all with investment grade counterparties.
 Included within this group are counterparty positions,
 representing 89 percent of our net credit exposure from
 derivatives, associated our hedging facility. Under certain
 conditions, the terms of this credit agreement may require the
 participating financial institutions to deliver collateral
 support to a designated collateral agent (which is another
 participating financial institution in the agreement). The level
 of collateral support required is dependent on whether the net
 position of the counterparty financial institution exceeds
 specified thresholds. The thresholds may be subject to
 prescribed reductions based on changes in the credit rating of
 the counterparty financial institution.

 At September 30, 2011, the designated collateral agent is
 not required to hold any collateral support on our behalf under
 our hedging facility. We hold collateral support, which may
 include cash or letters of credit, of $5 million related to
 our other derivative positions.

 Note 11. 

 Revolving
 Credit Agreement 

 On June 3, 2011, WPX Energy, Inc., as borrower, entered
 into a new $1.5 billion five-year senior unsecured
 revolving credit facility agreement (the &#147;Credit Facility
 Agreement&#148;), together with the lenders named therein, and
 Citibank N.A. (&#147;Citi&#148;), as administrative agent and
 swingline lender. Under the terms of the Credit Facility
 Agreement and subject to certain requirements, WPX Energy, Inc.
 may request an increase in the commitments of up to an
 additional $300 million by either commitments from new
 lenders or increased commitments from existing lenders.
 Borrowings under the Credit Facility Agreement may be used for
 working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures and other
 general corporate purposes.

 Under the Credit Facility Agreement, WPX Energy, Inc. may also
 obtain same day funds by requesting a swingline loan of up to an
 amount of $125 million from the swingline lender. Interest
 on swingline loans will be payable at a fluctuating base rate
 equal to Citi&#146;s adjusted base rate plus the applicable
 margin.

 The Credit Facility Agreement will not be effective until the
 date on which certain conditions listed in the agreement
 (including, among others, the completion of the initial public
 offering of WPX Energy, Inc.) have been met or waived; provided
 that the effective date must be on or before November 30,
 2011 or such later date as may be agreed to by WPX Energy, Inc.
 and the lenders. If the effective date has not occurred by
 November 30, 2011, the Credit Facility Agreement will
 automatically terminate unless otherwise extended by WPX Energy,
 Inc. and the lenders. WPX Energy, Inc. is in the process of
 seeking an amendment to the Credit Facility Agreement that will
 eliminate any condition to the effectiveness of the Credit
 Facility Agreement

 F-29

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 relating to the completion of the initial public offering of WPX
 Energy, Inc. Costs totalling $8 million associated with the
 establishment of this facility have been deferred in other
 assets and will be amortized over the life of the agreement.

 Interest on borrowings under the Credit Facility Agreement will
 be payable at rates per annum equal to, at the option of WPX
 Energy, Inc.: (1) a fluctuating base rate equal to
 Citi&#146;s adjusted base rate plus the applicable margin, or
 (2) a periodic fixed rate equal to LIBOR plus the
 applicable margin. The adjusted base rate will be the highest of
 (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.5 percent,
 (ii) Citi&#146;s publicly announced base rate, and
 (iii) one-month LIBOR plus 1.0 percent. WPX Energy,
 Inc. will be required to pay a commitment fee based on the
 unused portion of the commitments under the Credit Facility
 Agreement. The applicable margin and the commitment fee will be
 determined by reference to a pricing schedule based on WPX
 Energy, Inc.&#146;s senior unsecured debt ratings.

 Under the Credit Facility, prior to the occurrence of the
 Investment Grade Date (as defined below), WPX Energy, Inc. will
 be required to maintain a ratio of PV (as defined in the Credit
 Facility) to debt of at least 1.50 to 1.00. PV is determined as
 of the end of each fiscal year and reflects the present value,
 discounted at 9 percent, of projected future cash flows of
 domestic proved oil and gas reserves (with a limitation of no
 more than 35% representing proved undeveloped reserves), based
 on lender projected commodity price assumptions and after giving
 effect to hedge arrangements. Also, for WPX Energy, Inc. and its
 consolidated subsidiaries, the ratio of debt to capitalization
 (defined as net worth plus debt) will not be permitted to be
 greater than 60%. Each of the above ratios will be tested
 beginning December 31, 2011 at the end of each fiscal
 quarter. Investment Grade Date means the first date on which WPX
 Energy, Inc.&#146;s long-term senior unsecured debt ratings are
 BBB- or better by S&#038;P or Baa3 or better by Moody&#146;s
 (without negative outlook or negative watch), provided that the
 other of the two ratings is at least BB+ by S&#038;P or Ba1 by
 Moody&#146;s.

 The Credit Facility Agreement contains customary representations
 and warranties and affirmative, negative and financial covenants
 which were made only for the purposes of the Credit Facility
 Agreement and as of the specific date (or dates) set forth
 therein, and may be subject to certain limitations as agreed
 upon by the contracting parties. The covenants limit, among
 other things, the ability of WPX Energy, Inc.&#146;s
 subsidiaries to incur indebtedness, WPX Energy, Inc. and its
 material subsidiaries from granting certain liens supporting
 indebtedness, making investments, loans or advances and entering
 into certain hedging agreements, WPX Energy, Inc.&#146;s ability
 to merge or consolidate with any person or sell all or
 substantially all of its assets to any person, enter into
 certain affiliate transactions and allow material changes in the
 nature of its business. In addition, the representations,
 warranties and covenants contained in the Credit Facility
 Agreement may be subject to standards of materiality applicable
 to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to
 investors. Investors are not third-party beneficiaries of the
 Credit Facility Agreement and should not rely on the
 representations, warranties and covenants contained therein, or
 any descriptions thereof, as characterizations of the actual
 state of facts or conditions of WPX Energy, Inc.

 The Credit Facility Agreement includes customary events of
 default, including events of default relating to non-payment of
 principal, interest or fees, inaccuracy of representations and
 warranties in any material respect when made or when deemed
 made, violation of covenants, cross payment-defaults, cross
 acceleration, bankruptcy and insolvency events, certain
 unsatisfied judgments and a change of control. If an event of
 default with respect to a borrower occurs under the Credit
 Facility Agreement, the lenders will be able to terminate the
 commitments and accelerate the maturity of the loans of the
 defaulting borrower under the Credit Facility Agreement and
 exercise other rights and remedies.

 Note 12. 

 Subsequent
 Events 

 The Credit Facility Agreement was amended and became effective
 on November 1, 2011. The amendment included an additional
 provision that we grant a security interest in 80% of the
 present value of our proved reserves of oil and gas (and our
 equity interests in the subsidiaries owning such proved reserves
 of oil and gas) if, after the first issuance of senior unsecured
 notes, the long-term senior unsecured debt rating of

 F-30

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 WPX Energy, Inc. is less than or equal to Ba2 by Moody&#146;s
 Investors Service, Inc. and BB by Standard &#038; Poor&#146;s
 Rating Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.

 Also, on November 1, 2011, WPX Energy terminated its
 existing unsecured credit agreement which had served to reduce
 margin requirements and transaction fees related to hedging
 activities, thus satisfying a condition necessary for
 effectiveness of the Credit Facility Agreement. All outstanding
 hedges under the terminated agreement were transferred to new
 agreements with various financial institutions that participate
 in the new credit facility. Neither WPX Energy nor the
 participating financial institutions are required to provide
 collateral support related to hedging activities under the new
 agreements.

 On November 14, 2011, we issued $400 million aggregate
 principal amount of 5.250% Senior Notes due
 January 15, 2017, and $1.1 billion aggregate principal
 amount of 6.000% Senior Notes due January 15, 2022
 under an indenture, dated November 14, 2011, between us and
 The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as
 trustee. The net proceeds from the offering of the Notes were
 approximately $1.479 billion after deducting the initial
 purchasers&#146; discounts and our offering expenses. We
 retained $500 million of the net proceeds from the issuance
 of the Notes and distributed the remainder of the net proceeds
 from the issuance of the Notes, approximately $979 million,
 to Williams.

 On October 20, 2011, royalty interest owners in Rio Arriba
 County, New Mexico filed a complaint in District Court, Rio
 Arriba County, New Mexico alleging, among other things, that we
 improperly calculated oil and gas royalty payments and misstated
 the value of gas related to affiliate sales. We believe our
 royalty calculations have been properly determined in accordance
 with the appropriate contractual arrangements and applicable
 laws. We have not been served with the complaint, and at this
 time, we are unable to assess the likelihood of an adverse claim
 or any potential exposure in regards to this matter as the
 claimants have not provided a framework to calculate an
 estimated range of exposure related to their claims.

 In our assessment for impairment of producing oil and gas
 properties at December 31, 2010, we noted that
 approximately 12 percent of our producing assets, primarily
 located in the Powder River Basin, could be at risk for
 impairment if the weighted average forward price across all
 periods used in our cash flow estimates were to decline by
 approximately eight to 12 percent, on average, absent
 changes in other factors impacting estimated future net cash
 flows. As of September 30, 2011, the impact of changes in
 forward prices since December 31, 2010 to our cash flow
 estimates was indicative of a potential impairment. As a result,
 we conducted an impairment review of our proved producing oil
 and gas properties in the Powder River Basin as of
 September 30, 2011. The net book value of our proved
 producing assets in the Powder River Basin was approximately
 $500 million as of September 30, 2011. The recording
 of an impairment charge was not required as of
 September 30, 2011, as the undiscounted cash flows were
 greater than the net book value. Our interim impairment
 assessment included not only a review of forward pricing
 assumptions but also consideration of other factors impacting
 estimated future net cash flows, including but not limited to
 reserve and production estimates, future operating costs, future
 development costs and production taxes. Our 2011 interim updated
 reserve estimates for Powder River included 2011 additions to
 proved reserves. In this interim assessment, we noted that the
 Powder River producing assets could be at risk of impairment if
 the weighted average forward price across all periods used in
 our cash flow estimates were to decline by approximately six
 percent on average, absent changes in other factors. The
 weighted average decline in these forward prices from
 September 30, 2011 to November 30, 2011, as it relates
 to the Powder River basin production projections, was
 approximately 7.7 percent. These properties will be part of
 our annual impairment assessment for all properties in the
 fourth quarter and could be subject to impairment. If the
 recording of an impairment charge becomes necessary for the
 Powder River properties as of December 31, 2011, it is
 reasonably possible that the amount of such charge could be at
 least $200 million.

 F-31

 Table of Contents 

 Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 The Board of Directors

 WPX Energy, Inc.

 We have audited the accompanying combined balance sheet of WPX
 Energy (see Note 1) as of December 31, 2010 and 2009,
 and the related combined statements of operations, equity, and
 cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
 December 31, 2010. Our audits also included the financial
 statement schedule listed in the Index to Financial Statements,
 Supplementary Data and Schedule. These financial statements and
 schedule are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s
 management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
 financial statements and schedule based on our audits.

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an
 audit of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial
 reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control
 over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit
 procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not
 for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
 the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting.
 Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
 examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
 disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, and evaluating the overall financial statement
 presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
 basis for our opinion.

 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above
 present fairly, in all material respects, the combined financial
 position of WPX Energy at December 31, 2010 and 2009, and
 the combined results of their operations and their cash flows
 for each of the three years in the period ended
 December 31, 2010, in conformity with U.S. generally
 accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the
 related financial statement schedule, when considered in
 relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole,
 presents fairly in all material respects the information set
 forth therein.

 As discussed in Note 5 to the combined financial
 statements, beginning in 2009, the Company changed its reserve
 estimates and related disclosures as a result of adopting new
 oil and gas reserve estimation and disclosure requirements.

 /s/ Ernst &#038;
 Young LLP 

 Tulsa, Oklahoma

 April 29, 2011, except as it relates to the matter
 discussed 
 in the first paragraph of Basis of
 Presentation&#151;Discontinued 
 Operations as set forth in Note 1, and the matter 
 discussed in Note 2, as to which the date is 
 June 21, 2011, and except as it relates to the matter 
 discussed in the second paragraph of Description of 
 Business as set forth in Note 1, as to which the date is 
 July 18, 2011

 F-32

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 
 (Note 1) 
 
 Combined Statement of
 Operations 

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (Dollars in millions) 

 Revenues:

 Oil and gas sales, including affiliate

 $

 2,225

 $

 2,168

 $

 2,882

 Gas management, including affiliate

 1,742

 1,456

 3,241

 Hedge ineffectiveness and mark to market gains and losses

 27

 18

 29

 Other

 40

 39

 32

 Total revenues

 4,034

 3,681

 6,184

 Costs and expenses:

 Lease and facility operating, including affiliate

 286

 263

 272

 Gathering, processing and transportation, including affiliate

 326

 273

 229

 Taxes other than income

 125

 93

 254

 Gas management (including charges for unutilized pipeline
 capacity)

 1,771

 1,495

 3,248

 Exploration

 73

 54

 37

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization

 875

 887

 738

 Impairment of producing properties and costs of acquired
 unproved reserves

 678

 15

 &#151;

 Goodwill impairment

 1,003

 &#151;

 &#151;

 General and administrative, including affiliate

 253

 251

 247

 Gain on sale of contractual right to international production
 payment

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (148

 )

 Other &#151; net

 (19

 )

 33

 6

 Total costs and expenses

 5,371

 3,364

 4,883

 Operating income (loss)

 (1,337

 )

 317

 1,301

 Interest expense, including affiliate

 (124

 )

 (100

 )

 (74

 )

 Interest capitalized

 16

 18

 20

 Investment income and other

 21

 8

 22

 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes

 (1,424

 )

 243

 1,269

 Provision (benefit) for income taxes

 (150

 )

 94

 452

 Income (loss) from continuing operations

 (1,274

 )

 149

 817

 Loss from discontinued operations

 (8

 )

 (7

 )

 (87

 )

 Net income (loss)

 (1,282

 )

 142

 730

 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

 8

 6

 8

 Net income (loss) attributable to WPX Energy

 $

 (1,290

 )

 $

 136

 $

 722

 See accompanying notes.

 F-33

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 
 (Note 1) 
 
 Combined Balance Sheet 

 December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 (Dollars in millions) 

 Assets 

 Current assets:

 Cash and cash equivalents

 $

 37

 $

 34

 Accounts receivable:

 Trade, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $16 and $19 as
 of December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively

 362

 359

 Affiliate

 60

 54

 Derivative assets

 400

 650

 Inventories

 77

 61

 Other

 22

 41

 Total current assets

 958

 1,199

 Investments

 105

 95

 Properties and equipment, net (successful efforts method of
 accounting)

 8,449

 7,662

 Derivative assets

 173

 444

 Goodwill, net

 &#151;

 1,003

 Other noncurrent assets

 161

 150

 Total assets

 $

 9,846

 $

 10,553

 Liabilities and Equity 

 Current liabilities:

 Accounts payable:

 Trade

 $

 451

 $

 462

 Affiliates

 64

 37

 Accrued and other current liabilities

 158

 231

 Deferred income taxes

 87

 28

 Notes payable to Williams

 2,261

 1,216

 Derivative liabilities

 146

 578

 Total current liabilities

 3,167

 2,552

 Deferred income taxes

 1,629

 1,841

 Derivative liabilities

 143

 428

 Asset retirement obligations

 282

 235

 Other noncurrent liabilities

 125

 92

 Contingent liabilities and commitments (Note 11) 

 Equity:

 Owner&#146;s net equity:

 Owner&#146;s net investment

 4,260

 5,269

 Accumulated other comprehensive income

 168

 72

 Total owner&#146;s net equity

 4,428

 5,341

 Noncontrolling interests in combined subsidiaries

 72

 64

 Total equity

 4,500

 5,405

 Total liabilities and equity

 $

 9,846

 $

 10,553

 See accompanying notes.

 F-34

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 
 (Note 1) 
 
 Combined Statement of
 Equity 

 Accumulated Other 

 Owner&#146;s Net 

 Comprehensive 

 Total Owner&#146;s Net 

 Noncontrolling 

 Investment 

 Income (Loss)* 

 Equity 

 Interest** 

 Total 

 (Dollars in millions) 

 Balance at December 31, 2007

 $

 4,462

 $

 (161

 )

 $

 4,301

 $

 55

 $

 4,356

 Comprehensive income:

 Net income

 722

 &#151;

 722

 8

 730

 Other comprehensive income:

 Change in fair value of cash flow hedges (net of $260 of income
 tax)

 &#151;

 454

 454

 &#151;

 454

 Net reclassifications into earnings of net cash flow hedge
 losses (net of $3 income tax benefit)

 &#151;

 5

 5

 &#151;

 5

 Total other comprehensive income

 459

 Total comprehensive income

 1,189

 Net transfers with Williams

 (35

 )

 &#151;

 (35

 )

 &#151;

 (35

 )

 Dividends to noncontrolling interests

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (4

 )

 (4

 )

 Balance at December 31, 2008

 5,149

 298

 5,447

 59

 5,506

 Comprehensive income:

 Net income

 136

 &#151;

 136

 6

 142

 Other comprehensive income:

 Change in fair value of net cash flow hedges (net of $97 of
 income tax)

 &#151;

 169

 169

 &#151;

 169

 Net reclassifications into earnings of cash flow hedge gain (net
 of $226 income tax provision)

 &#151;

 (395

 )

 (395

 )

 &#151;

 (395

 )

 Total other comprehensive loss

 (226

 )

 Total comprehensive loss

 (84

 )

 Net transfers with Williams

 (16

 )

 &#151;

 (16

 )

 &#151;

 (16

 )

 Dividends to noncontrolling interests

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (1

 )

 (1

 )

 Balance at December 31, 2009

 5,269

 72

 5,341

 64

 5,405

 Comprehensive income:

 Net loss

 (1,290

 )

 &#151;

 (1,290

 )

 8

 (1,282

 )

 Other comprehensive income:

 Change in fair value of net cash flow hedges (net of $184 of
 income tax)

 &#151;

 321

 321

 &#151;

 321

 Net reclassifications into earnings of cash flow hedge gains
 (net of $129 income tax provision)

 &#151;

 (225

 )

 (225

 )

 &#151;

 (225

 )

 Total other comprehensive income

 96

 Total comprehensive loss

 (1,186

 )

 Cash proceeds in excess of historical book value related to
 assets sold to an affiliate

 244

 &#151;

 244

 &#151;

 244

 Net transfers with Williams

 37

 &#151;

 37

 &#151;

 37

 Dividends to noncontrolling interests

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Balance at December 31, 2010

 $

 4,260

 $

 168

 $

 4,428

 $

 72

 $

 4,500

 * 

 Accumulated other Comprehensive income (loss) is comprised
 primarily of unrealized gains relating to natural gas hedges
 totaling $169 million (net of $97 million for income
 taxes), $74 million (net of $42 million for income
 taxes) and $299 million (net of $172 million for
 income taxes) as of December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008,
 respectively. 

 ** 

 Represents the 31 percent interest in Apco Oil and Gas
 International Inc. owned by others. 

 See accompanying notes.

 F-35

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 
 (Note 1) 
 
 Combined Statement of Cash
 Flows 

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (Dollars in millions) 

 Operating Activities 

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (1,282

 )

 $

 142

 $

 730

 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided
 by operating activities:

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization

 882

 894

 758

 Deferred income tax provision (benefit)

 (167

 )

 106

 456

 Provision for impairment of goodwill and properties and
 equipment (including certain exploration expenses)

 1,734

 38

 173

 Provision for loss on cost-based investment

 &#151;

 11

 &#151;

 Gain on sale of contractual right to international production
 payment

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (148

 )

 (Gain) loss on sales of other assets

 (22

 )

 1

 1

 Cash provided (used) by operating assets and liabilities:

 Accounts receivable and payable &#151; affiliate

 21

 (72

 )

 20

 Accounts receivable &#151; trade

 7

 103

 127

 Other current assets

 19

 (17

 )

 (11

 )

 Inventories

 (16

 )

 24

 (32

 )

 Margin deposits and customer margin deposit payable

 (1

 )

 4

 87

 Accounts payable &#151; trade

 (54

 )

 (17

 )

 (91

 )

 Accrued and other current liabilities

 (62

 )

 (109

 )

 27

 Changes in current and noncurrent derivative assets and
 liabilities

 (45

 )

 38

 (119

 )

 Other, including changes in other noncurrent assets and
 liabilities

 42

 35

 31

 Net cash provided by operating activities

 1,056

 1,181

 2,009

 Investing Activities 

 Capital expenditures*

 (1,856

 )

 (1,434

 )

 (2,467

 )

 Purchase of business

 (949

 )

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Proceeds from sale of contractual right to international
 production payment

 &#151;

 &#151;

 148

 Proceeds from sales of assets

 493

 &#151;

 72

 Purchases of investments

 (7

 )

 (1

 )

 (5

 )

 Other

 (18

 )

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Net cash used in investing activities

 (2,337

 )

 (1,435

 )

 (2,252

 )

 Financing Activities 

 Net changes in notes payable to parent

 1,045

 270

 269

 Net changes in owner&#146;s net investment

 241

 (16

 )

 (38

 )

 Other

 (2

 )

 2

 (6

 )

 Net cash provided by financing activities

 1,284

 256

 225

 Net change in cash and cash equivalents

 3

 2

 (18

 )

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

 34

 32

 50

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

 $

 37

 $

 34

 $

 32

 * Increase to properties and equipment

 $

 (1,891

 )

 $

 (1,291

 )

 $

 (2,520

 )

 Changes in related accounts payable

 35

 (143

 )

 53

 Capital expenditures

 $

 (1,856

 )

 $

 (1,434

 )

 $

 (2,467

 )

 See accompanying notes.

 F-36

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes
 to Combined Financial Statements 

 1. 

 Description
 of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant
 Accounting Policies 

 Description
 of Business 

 The combined businesses represented herein as WPX Energy (also
 referred to herein as the &#147;Company&#148;) comprise
 substantially all of the exploration and production operating
 segment of The Williams Companies, Inc. (&#147;Williams&#148;).
 In these notes, WPX Energy is at times referred to in the first
 person as &#147;we&#148;, &#147;us&#148; or &#147;our&#148;.

 On February 16, 2011, Williams announced that its board of
 directors had approved pursuing a plan to separate
 Williams&#146; businesses into two stand-alone, publicly traded
 companies. The plan first calls for Williams to separate its
 exploration and production business via an initial public
 offering (the &#147;Offering&#148;) of up to 20 percent of its
 interest. As a result, WPX Energy, Inc. has been formed to
 effect the separation. In July 2011, Williams contributed to the
 Company its investment in certain subsidiaries related to its
 domestic exploration and production business, including its
 wholly-owned subsidiaries Williams Production Holdings, LLC and
 Williams Production Company, LLC, as well as all ongoing
 operations of Williams Gas Marketing, Inc. Additionally, prior
 to the close of the Offering, Williams will contribute and
 transfer to the Company its investment in certain subsidiaries
 related to its international exploration and production
 business, including its 69 percent ownership interest in
 Apco Oil and Gas International Inc. (&#147;Apco&#148;, NASDAQ
 listed: APAGF). We refer to the collective contributions
 described herein as the &#147;Contribution&#148;.

 WPX Energy includes natural gas development, production and gas
 management activities located in the Rocky Mountain (primarily
 Colorado, New Mexico, and Wyoming), Mid-Continent (Texas), and
 Appalachian regions of the United States. We specialize in
 natural gas production from tight-sands and shale formations and
 coal bed methane reserves in the Piceance, San Juan, Powder
 River, Green River, Fort Worth, and Appalachian Basins.
 During 2010, we acquired a company with a significant acreage
 position in the Williston Basin (Bakken Shale) in North Dakota,
 which is primarily comprised of crude oil reserves. We also have
 international oil and gas interests which represented
 approximately two percent of combined revenues and approximately
 six percent of proved reserves for the year ended
 December 31, 2010. These international interests primarily
 consist of our ownership in Apco, an oil and gas exploration and
 production company with operations in South America.

 Basis of
 Presentation 

 These financial statements are prepared on a combined, rather
 than a consolidated basis. The combined financial statements
 have been derived from the financial statements and accounting
 records of Williams using the historical results of operations
 and historical basis of the assets and liabilities of the
 Contribution to WPX Energy.

 Management believes the assumptions underlying the financial
 statements are reasonable. However, the financial statements
 included herein may not necessarily reflect the Company&#146;s
 results of operations, financial position and cash flows in the
 future or what its results of operations, financial position and
 cash flows would have been had the Company been a stand-alone
 company during the periods presented. Because a direct ownership
 relationship did not exist among the various entities that will
 comprise the Company, Williams&#146; net investment in the
 Company, excluding notes payable to Williams, is shown as
 owner&#146;s net investment in lieu of stockholder&#146;s equity
 in the combined financial statements. Transactions between the
 Company and Williams which are not part of the notes payable
 have been identified in the Combined Statements of Equity as net
 transfers with Williams (see Note 4). Transactions with
 Williams&#146; other operating businesses, which generally
 settle monthly, are shown as accounts receivable-affiliate or
 accounts payable-affiliate (see Note 4). The accompanying
 combined financial statements do not reflect any changes that
 have occurred or will occur upon the Contribution and
 recapitalization of the Company, or may occur in the
 capitalization and operations of the Company as a result of, or
 after, any spin-off of the Company.

 During fourth quarter 2010, the Company sold certain gathering
 and processing assets in Colorado&#146;s Piceance Basin (the
 &#147;Piceance Sale&#148;) with a net book value of
 $458 million to Williams Partners L.P.

 F-37

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 (&#147;WPZ&#148;), an entity under the common control of
 Williams, in exchange for $702 million in cash and
 1.8 million WPZ limited partner units. As the Company and
 WPZ are under common control, no gain was recognized on this
 transaction in the Combined Statement of Operations.
 Accordingly, the $244 million difference between the cash
 consideration received and the historical net book value of the
 assets has been reflected in the Combined Statement of Equity
 for the year ended December 31, 2010. Since the WPZ units
 received in this transaction by the Company were intended to be
 (and now have been, as described below) distributed through a
 dividend to Williams, these units (as well as the tax effects
 associated with these units of $42 million) have been
 presented net within equity and are included in net transfers
 with Williams in 2010. Further, as a result of the limitations
 on the Company&#146;s ability to sell these units and the
 subsequent dividend to Williams, no gains on the value of the
 common units during the holding period have been recognized in
 the Combined Statement of Operations. In conjunction with the
 Piceance Sale, we entered into long-term contracts with WPZ for
 gathering and processing of our natural gas production in the
 area. Due to the continuation of significant direct cash flows
 related to these assets, historical operating results of these
 assets continue to be presented in the Combined Statement of
 Operations as continuing operations for all periods presented.
 In March, 2011, the 1.8 million WPZ units and related tax
 basis were distributed via dividend to Williams.

 Events and transactions subsequent to the balance sheet date
 have been evaluated through April 29, 2011, the date these
 combined financial statements were first issued, for potential
 recognition or disclosure in the combined financial statements.

 Discontinued
 operations 

 During the first quarter 2011, we initiated a formal process to
 pursue the divestiture of our holdings in the Arkoma Basin. As
 these assets are currently held for sale, will be eliminated
 from our ongoing operations, and we will not have any
 significant continuing involvement, we have reported the results
 of operations and financial position of the Arkoma operations as
 discontinued operations.

 Additionally, the accompanying combined financial statements and
 notes include the results of operations of Williams&#146; former
 power business most of which was disposed in 2007 as
 discontinued operations. The discontinued operations have been
 included in these combined financial statements because
 contingent obligations related to this former business directly
 relate to Williams Gas Marketing Services, resulting in the
 potential of charges or benefits to the Company in periods
 subsequent to the exit from this business. See Note 11 for
 a discussion of contingencies related to this discontinued power
 business.

 Unless indicated otherwise, the information in the Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements relates to continuing operations.

 Summary
 of Significant Accounting Policies 

 Basis of
 combination 

 The combined financial statements include the accounts of the
 combined entities as set forth in Description of Business and
 Basis of Presentation above. Companies in which WPX Energy
 entities own 20 percent to 50 percent of the voting
 common stock, or otherwise exercise significant influence over
 operating and financial policies of the company, are accounted
 for under the equity method. All material intercompany
 transactions have been eliminated.

 Use of
 estimates 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
 affect the amounts reported in the combined financial statements
 and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those
 estimates.

 F-38

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 Significant estimates and assumptions which impact these
 financials include:

 &#149; 

 Impairment assessments of long-lived assets and goodwill;

 &#149; 

 Assessments of litigation-related contingencies;

 &#149; 

 Valuations of derivatives;

 &#149; 

 Hedge accounting correlations and probability;

 &#149; 

 Estimation of oil and natural gas reserves.

 These estimates are discussed further throughout these notes.

 Cash and
 cash equivalents 

 Our cash and cash equivalents relate primarily to our
 international operations. We consider all investments with a
 maturity of three months or less when acquired to be cash
 equivalents.

 Additionally, our domestic businesses currently participate in
 the Williams&#146; cash management program (see
 Note 4) rather than maintaining cash and cash
 equivalent balances.

 Restricted
 cash 

 Restricted cash primarily consists of approximately
 $19 million in both 2010 and 2009 related to escrow
 accounts established as part of the settlement agreement with
 certain California utilities (see Note 11) and is
 included in noncurrent other assets.

 Accounts
 receivable 

 Accounts receivable are carried on a gross basis, with no
 discounting, less the allowance for doubtful accounts. We
 estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts based on existing
 economic conditions, the financial conditions of the customers
 and the amount and age of past due accounts. Receivables are
 considered past due if full payment is not received by the
 contractual due date. Past due accounts are generally written
 off against the allowance for doubtful accounts only after all
 collection attempts have been exhausted. A portion of our
 receivables are from joint interest owners of properties we
 operate. Thus, we may have the ability to withhold future
 revenue disbursements to recover any non-payment of joint
 interest billings.

 Inventories 

 All inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Our
 inventories consist primarily of tubular goods and production
 equipment for future transfer to wells of $46 million in
 2010 and $34 million in 2009. Additionally, we have natural
 gas in storage of $31 million in 2010 and $27 million
 in 2009 primarily related to our gas management activities.
 Inventory is recorded and relieved using the weighted average
 cost method except for production equipment which is on the
 specific identification method. We recorded lower of cost or
 market writedowns on natural gas in storage of $2 million
 in 2010, $7 million in 2009 and $35 million in 2008.

 Properties
 and equipment 

 Oil and gas exploration and production activities are accounted
 for under the successful efforts method. Costs incurred in
 connection with the drilling and equipping of exploratory wells
 are capitalized as incurred. If proved reserves are not found,
 such costs are charged to exploration expense. Other exploration
 costs, including geological and geophysical costs and lease
 rentals are charged to expense as incurred. All costs related to
 development wells, including related production equipment and
 lease acquisition costs, are capitalized when incurred whether
 productive or nonproductive.

 F-39

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 Unproved properties include lease acquisition costs and costs of
 acquired unproved reserves. Individually significant lease
 acquisition costs are assessed annually, or as conditions
 warrant, for impairment considering our future drilling plans,
 the remaining lease term and recent drilling results. Lease
 acquisition costs that are not individually significant are
 aggregated by prospect or geographically, and the portion of
 such costs estimated to be nonproductive prior to lease
 expiration is amortized over the average holding period. The
 estimate of what could be nonproductive is based on our
 historical experience or other information, including current
 drilling plans and existing geological data. Impairment and
 amortization of lease acquisition costs are included in
 exploration expense in the Combined Statement of Operations. A
 majority of the costs of acquired unproved reserves are
 associated with areas to which we or other producers have
 identified significant proved developed producing reserves.
 Generally, economic recovery of unproved reserves in such areas
 is not yet supported by actual production or conclusive
 formation tests, but may be confirmed by our continuing
 development program. Ultimate recovery of unproved reserves in
 areas with established production generally has greater
 probability than in areas with limited or no prior drilling
 activity. If the unproved properties are determined to be
 productive, the appropriate related costs are transferred to
 proved oil and gas properties. We refer to unproved lease
 acquisition costs and costs of acquired unproved reserves as
 unproved properties.

 Other
 capitalized costs 

 Costs related to the construction or acquisition of field
 gathering, processing and certain other facilities are recorded
 at cost. Ordinary maintenance and repair costs are expensed as
 incurred.

 Depreciation,
 depletion and amortization 

 Capitalized exploratory and developmental drilling costs,
 including lease and well equipment and intangible development
 costs are depreciated and amortized using the
 units-of-production 
 method based on estimated proved developed oil and gas reserves
 on a field basis or concession for our international properties.
 International concession reserve estimates are limited to
 production quantities estimated through the life of the
 concession. Depletion of producing leasehold costs is based on
 the
 units-of-production 
 method using estimated proved oil and gas reserves on a field
 basis. In arriving at rates under the
 units-of-production 
 methodology, the quantities of proved oil and gas reserves are
 established based on estimates made by our geologists and
 engineers.

 Costs related to gathering, processing and certain other
 facilities are depreciated on the straight-line method over the
 estimated useful lives.

 Gains or losses from the ordinary sale or retirement of
 properties and equipment are recorded in other&#151;net included
 in operating income (loss).

 Impairment
 of long-lived assets 

 We evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when events or
 changes in circumstances indicate, in our management&#146;s
 judgment, that the carrying value of such assets may not be
 recoverable. When an indicator of impairment has occurred, we
 compare our management&#146;s estimate of undiscounted future
 cash flows attributable to the assets to the carrying value of
 the assets to determine whether an impairment has occurred. If
 an impairment of the carrying value has occurred, we determine
 the amount of the impairment recognized in the financial
 statements by estimating the fair value of the assets and
 recording a loss for the amount that the carrying value exceeds
 the estimated fair value.

 Proved properties, including developed and undeveloped, are
 assessed for impairment using estimated future undiscounted cash
 flows on a field basis. If the undiscounted cash flows are less
 than the book value of the assets, then a subsequent analysis is
 performed using discounted cash flows.

 F-40

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 Costs of acquired unproved reserves are assessed for impairment
 using estimated fair value determined through the use of future
 discounted cash flows on a field basis and considering market
 participants&#146; future drilling plans.

 Judgments and assumptions are inherent in our management&#146;s
 estimate of undiscounted future cash flows and an asset&#146;s
 fair value. Additionally, judgment is used to determine the
 probability of sale with respect to assets considered for
 disposal. These judgments and assumptions include such matters
 as the estimation of oil and gas reserve quantities, risks
 associated with the different categories of oil and gas
 reserves, the timing of development and production, expected
 future commodity prices, capital expenditures, production costs
 and appropriate discount rates.

 Asset
 retirement obligations 

 We record an asset and a liability upon incurrence equal to the
 present value of each expected future asset retirement
 obligation (&#147;ARO&#148;). These estimates include, as a
 component of future expected costs, an estimate of the price
 that a third party would demand, and could expect to receive,
 for bearing the uncertainties inherent in the obligations,
 sometimes referred to as a market risk premium. The ARO asset is
 depreciated in a manner consistent with the depreciation of the
 underlying physical asset. We measure changes in the liability
 due to passage of time by applying an interest method of
 allocation. This amount is recognized as an increase in the
 carrying amount of the liability and as a corresponding
 accretion expense in lease and facility operating expense
 included in costs and expenses.

 Goodwill 

 Goodwill represents the excess of cost over fair value of the
 assets of businesses acquired. It is evaluated at least annually
 (in the fourth quarter) for impairment by first comparing our
 management&#146;s estimate of the fair value of a reporting unit
 with its carrying value, including goodwill. If the carrying
 value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, a
 computation of the implied fair value of the goodwill is
 compared with its related carrying value. If the carrying value
 of the reporting unit&#146;s goodwill exceeds the implied fair
 value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in the
 amount of the excess.

 As a result of significant declines in forward natural gas
 prices during third quarter of 2010, we performed an interim
 impairment assessment of our goodwill related to our domestic
 production reporting unit. As a result of that assessment, we
 recorded an impairment of goodwill of approximately
 $1 billion (see Note 6).

 Judgments and assumptions are inherent in our management&#146;s
 estimate of future cash flows used to determine the estimate of
 the reporting unit&#146;s fair value.

 Derivative
 instruments and hedging activities 

 We utilize derivatives to manage our commodity price risk. These
 instruments consist primarily of futures contracts, swap
 agreements, option contracts, and forward contracts involving
 short- and long-term purchases and sales of a physical energy
 commodity.

 We report the fair value of derivatives, except for those for
 which the normal purchases and normal sales exception has been
 elected, on the Combined Balance Sheet in derivative assets and
 derivative liabilities as either current or noncurrent. We
 determine the current and noncurrent classification based on the
 timing of expected future cash flows of individual trades. We
 report these amounts on a gross basis. Additionally, we report
 cash collateral receivables and payables with our counterparties
 on a gross basis.

 F-41

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 The accounting for the changes in fair value of a commodity
 derivative can be summarized as follows:

 Derivative Treatment 

 Accounting Method 

 Normal purchases and normal sales exception

 Accrual accounting

 Designated in a qualifying hedging relationship

 Hedge accounting

 All other derivatives

 Mark-to-market accounting

 We may elect the normal purchases and normal sales exception for
 certain short- and long-term purchases and sales of a physical
 energy commodity. Under accrual accounting, any change in the
 fair value of these derivatives is not reflected on the balance
 sheet after the initial election of the exception.

 We have also designated a hedging relationship for certain
 commodity derivatives. For a derivative to qualify for
 designation in a hedging relationship, it must meet specific
 criteria and we must maintain appropriate documentation. We
 establish hedging relationships pursuant to our risk management
 policies. We evaluate the hedging relationships at the inception
 of the hedge and on an ongoing basis to determine whether the
 hedging relationship is, and is expected to remain, highly
 effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash
 flows attributable to the underlying risk being hedged. We also
 regularly assess whether the hedged forecasted transaction is
 probable of occurring. If a derivative ceases to be or is no
 longer expected to be highly effective, or if we believe the
 likelihood of occurrence of the hedged forecasted transaction is
 no longer probable, hedge accounting is discontinued
 prospectively, and future changes in the fair value of the
 derivative are recognized currently in revenues or costs and
 operating expenses dependent upon the underlying hedge
 transaction.

 For commodity derivatives designated as a cash flow hedge, the
 effective portion of the change in fair value of the derivative
 is reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 (&#147;AOCI&#148;) and reclassified into earnings in the period
 in which the hedged item affects earnings. Any ineffective
 portion of the derivative&#146;s change in fair value is
 recognized currently in revenues. Gains or losses deferred in
 AOCI associated with terminated derivatives, derivatives that
 cease to be highly effective hedges, derivatives for which the
 forecasted transaction is reasonably possible but no longer
 probable of occurring, and cash flow hedges that have been
 otherwise discontinued remain in AOCI until the hedged item
 affects earnings. If it becomes probable that the forecasted
 transaction designated as the hedged item in a cash flow hedge
 will not occur, any gain or loss deferred in AOCI is recognized
 in revenues at that time. The change in likelihood is a
 judgmental decision that includes qualitative assessments made
 by management.

 For commodity derivatives that are not designated in a hedging
 relationship, and for which we have not elected the normal
 purchases and normal sales exception, we report changes in fair
 value currently in revenues dependent upon the underlying of the
 hedged transaction.

 Certain gains and losses on derivative instruments included in
 the Combined Statement of Operations are netted together to a
 single net gain or loss, while other gains and losses are
 reported on a gross basis. Gains and losses recorded on a net
 basis include:

 &#149; 

 Unrealized gains and losses on all derivatives that are not
 designated as hedges and for which we have not elected the
 normal purchases and normal sales exception;

 &#149; 

 The ineffective portion of unrealized gains and losses on
 derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges;

 &#149; 

 Realized gains and losses on all derivatives that settle
 financially;

 &#149; 

 Realized gains and losses on derivatives held for trading
 purposes; and

 &#149; 

 Realized gains and losses on derivatives entered into as a
 pre-contemplated buy/sell arrangement.

 F-42

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 Realized gains and losses on derivatives that require physical
 delivery, as well as natural gas derivatives which are not held
 for trading purposes nor were entered into as a pre-contemplated
 buy/sell arrangement, are recorded on a gross basis. In reaching
 our conclusions on this presentation, we considered whether we
 act as principal in the transaction; whether we have the risks
 and rewards of ownership, including credit risk; and whether we
 have latitude in establishing prices.

 Business
 segment information 

 The Company has a single operating segment that consists of all
 continuing operations, including gas management and oil and gas
 production activities. An operating segment is a component of an
 entity that engages in activities from which it may earn
 revenues and incur expenses, and for which discrete financial
 information is available and regularly reviewed by the chief
 operating decision maker for the purposes of assessing
 performance and allocating resources. We are controlled by
 Williams and we have determined that our chief operating
 decision maker is Williams&#146; Chief Executive Officer (who
 also serves as the Chairman of our Board of Directors).
 Performance evaluation and resource allocation decisions are
 made by our chief operating decision maker based on financial
 information presented for WPX Energy as a single operating
 segment.

 Oil and
 gas sales revenues 

 Revenues for sales of natural gas, oil and condensate and
 natural gas liquids are recognized when the product is sold and
 delivered. Revenues from the production of natural gas in
 properties for which we have an interest with other producers
 are recognized based on the actual volumes sold during the
 period. Any differences between volumes sold and entitlement
 volumes, based on our net working interest, that are determined
 to be nonrecoverable through remaining production are recognized
 as accounts receivable or accounts payable, as appropriate. Our
 cumulative net natural gas imbalance position based on market
 prices as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 was insignificant.
 Additionally, oil and gas sales revenues include hedge gains
 realized on production sold of $333 million in 2010,
 $615 million in 2009 and $34 million in 2008.

 Gas
 management revenues and expenses 

 Revenues for sales related to gas management activities are
 recognized when the product is sold and physically delivered.
 Our gas management activities to date include purchases and
 subsequent sales to WPZ for fuel and shrink gas (see
 Note 4). Additionally, gas management activities include
 the managing of various natural gas related contracts such as
 transportation, storage and related hedges. The Company also
 sells natural gas purchased from working interest owners in
 operated wells and other area third party producers. The
 revenues and expenses related to these marketing activities are
 reported on a gross basis as part of gas management revenues and
 costs and expenses.

 Charges for unutilized transportation capacity included in gas
 management expenses were $48 million in 2010,
 $21 million in 2009 and $8 million in 2008.

 Capitalization
 of interest 

 We capitalize interest during construction on projects with
 construction periods of at least three months or a total
 estimated project cost in excess of $1 million. The
 interest rate used is the rate charged to us by Williams, based
 on Williams&#146; average quarterly interest rate on its debt.

 Income
 taxes 

 The Company&#146;s domestic operations are included in the
 consolidated federal and state income tax returns for Williams,
 except for certain separate state filings. The income tax
 provision for the Company has been calculated on a separate
 return basis, except for certain state and federal tax
 attributes (primarily minimum tax

 F-43

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 credit carry-forwards) for which the actual allocation (if any)
 cannot be determined until the consolidated tax returns are
 complete for the year in which an income tax deconsolidation
 event occurs. This allocation methodology results in the
 recognition of deferred assets and liabilities for the
 differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and
 their respective tax basis, except to the extent of deferred
 taxes on income considered to be permanently reinvested in
 foreign jurisdictions. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
 measured using enacted tax rates for the years in which those
 temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
 In addition, Williams manages its tax position based upon its
 entire portfolio which may not be indicative of tax planning
 strategies available to us if we were operating as an
 independent company.

 Employee
 stock-based compensation 

 Certain employees providing direct service to the Company
 participate in Williams&#146; common-stock-based awards plans.
 The plans provide for Williams common-stock-based awards to both
 employees and Williams&#146; non-management directors. The plans
 permit the granting of various types of awards including, but
 not limited to, stock options and restricted stock units. Awards
 may be granted for no consideration other than prior and future
 services or based on certain financial performance targets.

 Williams charges us for compensation expense related to
 stock-based compensation awards granted to our direct employees.
 Stock based compensation is also a component of allocated
 amounts charged to us by Williams for general and administrative
 personnel providing services on our behalf.

 Foreign
 exchange 

 Translation gains and losses that arise from exchange rate
 fluctuations applicable to transactions denominated in a
 currency other than the United States dollar are included in the
 results of operations as incurred.

 Earnings
 (loss) per share 

 Historical earnings per share are not presented since the
 Company&#146;s common stock was not part of the capital
 structure of Williams for the periods presented.

 2. 

 Restatement
 of Prior Periods 

 In the first quarter of 2011, we determined that for the years
 ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, we had failed to
 properly accrue estimates of the minimum annual volumetric
 throughput requirements associated with certain of our
 compression services agreements. As a result of this error, our
 costs and expenses were understated by $3 million,
 $5 million and $6 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Based on
 guidance set forth in Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No. 99, &#147;Materiality&#148; and in
 Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108,
 &#147;Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements
 when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial
 Statements,&#148; (&#147;SAB 108&#148;), we have
 determined that these amounts are immaterial to each of the
 periods affected and, therefore, we are not required to amend
 our previously filed reports. However, if these adjustments were
 recorded in 2011, we believe the impact could be material to
 this reporting period. As a result, we have adjusted, in the
 tables below, our previously reported results for the years
 ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 for these amounts as
 required by SAB 108. In addition to recording the
 obligations associated with the minimum annual volumetric
 throughput requirements previously discussed, we have made five
 other immaterial adjustments to prior year amounts as follows:
 (1) oil and gas sales revenue decrease of $3 million
 and $2 million for additional royalties expected to be
 paid for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009,
 respectively; (2) gas management revenue decrease of
 $3 million for natural gas measurement adjustments related
 to the year ended December 31, 2008; (3) gas
 management expense decrease of $3 million and $1 million
 for adjustments made under gas purchase agreements for the years
 ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively;
 (4) depreciation, depletion and

 F-44

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 amortization expense increase of $1 million related to the
 year ended December 31, 2010; and (5) bad debt expense
 increase of $1 million related the year ended
 December 31, 2010.

 Year Ended 

 Year Ended 

 Year Ended 

 December 31, 2010 

 December 31, 2009 

 December 31, 2008 

 Previously 

 As 

 Previously 

 As 

 Previously 

 As 

 Reported(1) 

 Adjustments 

 Adjusted 

 Reported(1) 

 Adjustments 

 Adjusted 

 Reported(1) 

 Adjustments 

 Adjusted 

 Revenues:

 Oil and gas sales, including affiliate

 $

 2,228

 $

 (3

 )

 $

 2,225

 $

 2,170

 $

 (2

 )

 $

 2,168

 $

 2,882

 $

 &#151;

 $

 2,882

 Gas management, including affiliate

 1,742

 &#151;

 1,742

 1,456

 &#151;

 1,456

 3,244

 (3

 )

 3,241

 Hedge ineffectiveness and mark to market gains and losses

 27

 &#151;

 27

 18

 &#151;

 18

 29

 &#151;

 29

 Other

 40

 &#151;

 40

 39

 &#151;

 39

 32

 &#151;

 32

 Total revenues

 4,037

 (3

 )

 4,034

 3,683

 (2

 )

 3,681

 6,187

 (3

 )

 6,184

 Costs and expenses:

 Lease and facility operating, including affiliate

 286

 &#151;

 286

 263

 &#151;

 263

 272

 &#151;

 272

 Gathering, processing and transportation, including affiliate

 323

 3

 326

 268

 5

 273

 223

 6

 229

 Taxes other than income

 125

 &#151;

 125

 93

 &#151;

 93

 254

 &#151;

 254

 Gas management (including charges for unutilized pipeline
 capacity)

 1,774

 (3

 )

 1,771

 1,496

 (1

 )

 1,495

 3,248

 &#151;

 3,248

 Exploration

 73

 &#151;

 73

 54

 &#151;

 54

 37

 &#151;

 37

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization

 874

 1

 875

 887

 &#151;

 887

 738

 &#151;

 738

 Impairment of producing properties and costs of acquired
 unproved reserves

 678

 &#151;

 678

 15

 &#151;

 15

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Goodwill impairment

 1,003

 &#151;

 1,003

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 General and administrative, including affiliate

 252

 1

 253

 251

 &#151;

 251

 247

 &#151;

 247

 Gain on sale of contractual right to international production
 payment

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (148

 )

 &#151;

 (148

 )

 Other&#151;net

 (19

 )

 &#151;

 (19

 )

 33

 &#151;

 33

 6

 &#151;

 6

 Total costs and expenses

 5,369

 2

 5,371

 3,360

 4

 3,364

 4,877

 6

 4,883

 Operating income (loss)

 (1,332

 )

 (5

 )

 (1,337

 )

 323

 (6

 )

 317

 1,310

 (9

 )

 1,301

 Interest expense, including affiliate

 (124

 )

 &#151;

 (124

 )

 (100

 )

 &#151;

 (100

 )

 (74

 )

 &#151;

 (74

 )

 Interest capitalized

 16

 &#151;

 16

 18

 &#151;

 18

 20

 &#151;

 20

 Investment income and other

 21

 &#151;

 21

 8

 &#151;

 8

 22

 &#151;

 22

 Income (loss) before income taxes

 (1,419

 )

 (5

 )

 (1,424

 )

 249

 (6

 )

 243

 1,278

 (9

 )

 1,269

 Provision (benefit) for income taxes

 (148

 )

 (2

 )

 (150

 )

 96

 (2

 )

 94

 455

 (3

 )

 452

 Income (loss) from continuing operations

 (1,271

 )

 (3

 )

 (1,274

 )

 153

 (4

 )

 149

 823

 (6

 )

 817

 Loss from discontinued operations

 (8

 )

 &#151;

 (8

 )

 (7

 )

 &#151;

 (7

 )

 (87

 )

 &#151;

 (87

 )

 Net income (loss)

 (1,279

 )

 (3

 )

 (1,282

 )

 146

 (4

 )

 142

 736

 (6

 )

 730

 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

 8

 &#151;

 8

 6

 &#151;

 6

 8

 &#151;

 8

 Net income (loss) attributable to WPX Energy

 $

 (1,287

 )

 $

 (3

 )

 $

 (1,290

 )

 $

 140

 $

 (4

 )

 $

 136

 $

 728

 $

 (6

 )

 $

 722

 (1) 

 Includes reclassifications made to report the results of
 operations of our Arkoma properties as discontinued operations
 (See Note 1). 

 F-45

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 December 31, 2010 

 December 31, 2009 

 Previously 

 As 

 Previously 

 As 

 Reported(1) 

 Adjustments 

 Adjusted 

 Reported(1) 

 Adjustments 

 Adjusted 

 Assets 

 Current assets:

 Cash and cash equivalents

 $

 37

 $

 &#151;

 $

 37

 $

 34

 $

 &#151;

 $

 34

 Accounts receivable:

 Trade, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $15 and $19 as
 of December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively

 362

 &#151;

 362

 361

 (2

 )

 359

 Affiliate

 60

 &#151;

 60

 54

 &#151;

 54

 Derivative assets

 400

 &#151;

 400

 650

 &#151;

 650

 Inventories

 77

 &#151;

 77

 61

 &#151;

 61

 Other

 22

 &#151;

 22

 41

 &#151;

 41

 Total current assets

 958

 &#151;

 958

 1,201

 (2

 )

 1,199

 Investments

 105

 &#151;

 105

 95

 &#151;

 95

 Properties and equipment, net (successful efforts method of
 accounting)

 8,450

 (1

 )

 8,449

 7,662

 &#151;

 7,662

 Derivative assets

 173

 &#151;

 173

 444

 &#151;

 444

 Goodwill, net

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 1,003

 &#151;

 1,003

 Other noncurrent assets

 161

 &#151;

 161

 150

 &#151;

 150

 Total assets

 $

 9,847

 $

 (1

 )

 $

 9,846

 $

 10,555

 $

 (2

 )

 $

 10,553

 Liabilities and Equity 

 Current liabilities:

 Accounts payable:

 Trade

 $

 446

 $

 5

 $

 451

 $

 460

 $

 2

 $

 462

 Affiliate

 64

 &#151;

 64

 37

 &#151;

 37

 Accrued and other current liabilities

 144

 14

 158

 220

 11

 231

 Deferred income taxes

 87

 &#151;

 87

 28

 &#151;

 28

 Notes payable to Williams

 2,261

 &#151;

 2,261

 1,216

 &#151;

 1,216

 Derivative liabilities

 146

 &#151;

 146

 578

 &#151;

 578

 Total current liabilities

 3,148

 19

 3,167

 2,539

 13

 2,552

 Deferred income taxes

 1,629

 &#151;

 1,629

 1,841

 &#151;

 1,841

 Derivative liabilities

 143

 &#151;

 143

 428

 &#151;

 428

 Asset retirement obligations

 282

 &#151;

 282

 235

 &#151;

 235

 Other noncurrent liabilities

 125

 &#151;

 125

 92

 &#151;

 92

 Contingent liabilities and commitments (Note 11) 

 Equity:

 Owner&#146;s net equity:

 Owner&#146;s net investment

 4,280

 (20

 )

 4,260

 5,284

 (15

 )

 5,269

 Accumulated other comprehensive income

 168

 &#151;

 168

 72

 &#151;

 72

 Total owner&#146;s net equity

 4,448

 (20

 )

 4,428

 5,356

 (15

 )

 5,341

 Noncontrolling interests in combined subsidiaries

 72

 &#151;

 72

 64

 &#151;

 64

 Total equity

 4,520

 (20

 )

 4,500

 5,420

 (15

 )

 5,405

 Total liabilities and equity

 $

 9,847

 $

 (1

 )

 $

 9,846

 10,555

 $

 (2

 )

 10,553

 (1) 

 Includes reclassifications made to report the financial position
 of our Arkoma properties as held for sale (See Note 1). 

 F-46

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 3. 

 Discontinued
 Operations 

 Summarized
 Results of Discontinued Operations 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 Revenues

 $

 16

 $

 17

 $

 43

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations before impairments,
 gain on sale and income taxes

 $

 (13

 )

 $

 (11

 )

 $

 4

 (Impairments) and gain on sale

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (140

 )

 Benefit for income taxes

 5

 4

 49

 Loss from discontinued operations

 $

 (8

 )

 $

 (7

 )

 $

 (87

 )

 (Impairments) and gain on sale for 2008 includes
 $148 million of impairments related to properties in the
 Arkoma Basin and the final proceeds from the 2007 sale of
 Williams&#146; former power business.

 The assets of our holdings in the Arkoma Basin comprise
 significantly less than 1% of our total assets as of
 December 31, 2010 and 2009 and are reported in other assets
 and other noncurrent assets on our Combined Balance Sheet.
 Liabilities of our discontinued operations are insignificant for
 these periods.

 4. 

 Related
 Party Transactions 

 Transactions
 with Williams and Other Affiliated Entities 

 Our employees are also employees of Williams. Williams charges
 us for the payroll and benefit costs associated with operations
 employees (referred to as direct employees) and carries the
 obligations for many employee-related benefits in its financial
 statements, including the liabilities related to employee
 retirement and medical plans. Our share of those costs is
 charged to us through affiliate billings and reflected in lease
 and facility operating and general and administrative within
 costs and expenses in the accompanying Combined Statement of
 Operations.

 In addition, Williams charges us for certain employees of
 Williams who provide general and administrative services on our
 behalf (referred to as indirect employees). These charges are
 either directly identifiable or allocated to our operations.
 Direct charges include goods and services provided by Williams
 at our request. Allocated general corporate costs are based on
 our relative usage of the service or on a three-factor formula,
 which considers revenues; properties and equipment; and payroll.
 Our share of direct general and administrative expenses and our
 share of allocated general corporate expenses is reflected in
 general and administrative expense in the accompanying Combined
 Statement of Operations. In management&#146;s estimation, the
 allocation methodologies used are reasonable and result in a
 reasonable allocation to us of our costs of doing business
 incurred by Williams. We also have operating activities with WPZ
 and another Williams subsidiary. Our revenues include revenues
 from the following types of transactions:

 &#149; 

 Sales of natural gas liquids (NGLs) related to our production to
 WPZ at market prices at the time of sale and included within our
 oil and gas sales revenues; and

 &#149; 

 Sale to WPZ and another Williams subsidiary of natural gas
 procured by Williams Gas Marketing Services for those
 companies&#146; fuel and shrink replacement at market prices at
 the time of sale and included in our gas management revenues.

 Our costs and operating expenses include the following services
 provided by WPZ:

 &#149; 

 Gathering, treating and processing services under several
 contracts for our production primarily in the San Juan and
 Piceance Basins; and

 F-47

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 &#149; 

 Pipeline transportation for both our oil and gas sales and gas
 management activities which includes commitments totaling
 $442 million (see Note 11 for capacity commitments
 with affiliates).

 In addition, through an agency agreement, we manage the
 jurisdictional merchant gas sales for Transcontinental Gas Pipe
 Line Company LLC (&#147;Transco&#148;), an indirect, wholly
 owned subsidiary of WPZ. We are authorized to make gas sales on
 Transco&#146;s behalf in order to manage its gas purchase
 obligations. Although there is no exchange of payments between
 us and Transco for these transactions, we receive all margins
 associated with jurisdictional merchant gas sales business and,
 as Transco&#146;s agent, assume all market and credit risk
 associated with such sales. Gas sales and purchases related to
 our management of these jurisdictional merchant gas sales are
 included in gas management revenues and expenses, respectively
 in the Combined Statement of Operations and the margins we
 realized related to these activities totaled less than
 $1 million in each of the years ended December 31,
 2010, 2009 and 2008.

 We manage a transportation capacity contract for WPZ. To the
 extent the transportation is not fully utilized or does not
 recover full-rate demand expense, WPZ reimburses us for these
 transportation costs. These reimbursements to us totaled
 approximately $10 million, $9 million and
 $11 million for the years ended December 31, 2010,
 2009 and 2008, respectively, and are included in gas management
 revenues.

 WPZ periodically enters into derivative contracts with us to
 hedge their forecasted NGL sales and natural gas purchases. We
 enter into offsetting derivative contracts with third parties at
 equivalent pricing and volumes. These contracts are included in
 derivative assets and liabilities on the Combined Balance Sheet
 (see Note 15).

 Williams utilizes a centralized approach to cash management and
 the financing of its businesses. Cash receipts from the
 Company&#146;s domestic operations are transferred to Williams
 on a regular basis and cleared through unsecured promissory note
 agreements with Williams. Cash expenditures for property
 operating and development costs and expenses are also cleared
 through these unsecured promissory note agreements with
 Williams. The amounts receivable or due under the note
 agreements are due on demand, however, Williams has agreed to
 not make demand on these notes payable prior to the completion
 of the Offering. Williams has also agreed to forgive or
 contribute any amounts outstanding on these note agreements
 prior to or concurrent with the Contribution. The notes bear
 interest based on Williams&#146; weighted average cost of debt
 and such interest is added monthly to the note principal. The
 interest rate for the notes payable to Williams was 8.08% and
 8.01% at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. As of
 December 31, 2010 and 2009, our net amounts due to Williams
 are reflected as notes payable to Williams. None of
 Williams&#146; cash or debt at the Williams corporate level has
 been allocated to the Company in the financial statements.
 Changes in the notes represent any funding required from
 Williams for working capital, acquisitions or capital
 expenditures and after giving effect to the Company&#146;s
 transfers to Williams from its cash flows from operations or
 proceeds from sales of assets. Concurrently with or shortly
 following the consummation of the Offering, we expect to issue
 up to $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior
 unsecured notes. Furthermore, we expect to distribute the net
 proceeds from the Offering and the issuance of the notes in
 excess of $500 million to Williams.

 Under Williams&#146; cash-management system, certain cash
 accounts reflect negative balances to the extent checks written
 have not been presented for payment. These negative amounts
 represent obligations and have been reclassified to accounts
 payable-affiliate. Accounts payable-affiliate includes
 approximately $38 million and $26 million of these
 negative balances at December 31, 2010 and 2009,
 respectively.

 F-48

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 Below is a summary of the related party transactions discussed
 above:

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (Millions) 

 Oil and gas sales revenues&#151;sales of NGLs to WPZ

 $

 277

 $

 116

 $

 36

 Gas management revenues&#151;sales of natural gas for fuel and
 shrink to WPZ and another Williams subsidiary

 509

 431

 1,042

 Lease and facility operating expenses from Williams-direct
 employee salary and benefit costs

 23

 23

 19

 Gathering, processing and transportation expense from

 WPZ:

 Gathering and processing

 163

 72

 44

 Transportation

 25

 28

 34

 General and administrative from Williams:

 Direct employee salary and benefit costs

 102

 100

 92

 Charges for general and administrative services

 58

 60

 60

 Allocated general corporate costs

 64

 63

 56

 Other

 12

 13

 12

 Interest expense on notes payable to Williams

 119

 92

 64

 In addition, the current amount due to or from affiliates
 consists of normal course receivables and payables resulting
 from the sale of products to and cost of gathering services
 provided by WPZ. Below is a summary of these payables and
 receivables which are settled monthly:

 December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 (Millions) 

 Current:

 Accounts receivable:

 Due from WPZ and another Williams subsidiary

 $

 60

 $

 54

 Accounts payable:

 Due to WPZ

 $

 12

 $

 2

 Due to Williams for cash overdraft. 

 38

 26

 Due to Williams for accrued payroll and benefits

 14

 9

 $

 64

 $

 37

 As discussed in Note 1, the Company sold certain gathering
 and processing assets in Colorado&#146;s Piceance Basin to WPZ.
 Under an Omnibus Agreement entered into in connection with this
 transaction, we are obligated to reimburse WPZ for
 (i) amounts incurred by WPZ or its subsidiaries for any
 costs required to complete the pipeline and compression projects
 known collectively as the Ryan Gulch Expansion Project,
 (ii) amounts incurred by WPZ or its subsidiaries prior to
 January 31, 2011, related to the development of a cryogenic
 processing arrangement with a subsidiary of Williams, up to
 $20 million, and (iii) amounts incurred by WPZ or its
 subsidiaries for notice of violation or enforcement actions
 related to compression station land use permits or other losses,
 costs and expenses related to certain surface lease use
 agreements. In addition, WPZ is obligated to reimburse us for
 any costs related to the pipeline and compression projects known
 collectively as the Kokopelli Expansion irrespective of whether
 those costs were incurred prior to the effective date of the
 transaction. Estimated amounts for these obligations were
 recorded at the time of the sale and were less than
 $5 million. Differences in the estimated amounts and actual
 payments will be reflected within

 F-49

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 Owner&#146;s Net Investment consistent with the treatment of the
 difference in the net book value and proceeds from sale.

 5. 

 Investment
 Income and Other 

 Investment income and other for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, is as follows:

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (Millions) 

 Equity earnings

 $

 20

 $

 18

 $

 20

 Impairment of cost-based investment

 &#151;

 (11

 )

 &#151;

 Other

 1

 1

 2

 Total investment income and other

 $

 21

 $

 8

 $

 22

 Impairment of cost-based investment in 2009 reflects an
 $11 million full impairment of our 4 percent interest
 in a Venezuelan corporation that owns and operates oil and gas
 activities in Venezuela.

 Investments 

 Investment balance as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 is as
 follows:

 December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 (Millions) 

 Petrolera Entre Lomas S.A.&#151;40.8%

 $

 82

 $

 81

 Other

 23

 14

 $

 105

 $

 95

 Dividends and distributions received from companies accounted
 for by the equity method were $19 million in 2010,
 $9 million in 2009 and $11 million in 2008.

 6. 

 Asset
 Sales, Impairments, Exploration Expenses and Other
 Accruals 

 The following table presents a summary of significant gains or
 losses reflected in impairment of producing properties and costs
 of acquired unproved reserves, goodwill impairment and
 other&#151;net within costs and expenses:

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (Millions) 

 Goodwill impairment

 $

 1,003

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Impairment of producing properties and costs of acquired
 unproved reserves*

 678

 15

 &#151;

 Penalties from early release of drilling rigs included in other
 (income) expense&#151;net

 &#151;

 32

 &#151;

 Gain on sale of contractual right to an international production
 payment

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (148

 )

 (Gain) loss on sales of other assets

 (22

 )

 1

 1

 * 

 Excludes unproved leasehold property impairment, amortization
 and expiration included in exploration expenses. 

 F-50

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 As a result of significant declines in forward natural gas
 prices during 2010, we performed an interim impairment
 assessment of our capitalized costs related to goodwill and
 domestic producing properties. As a result of these assessments,
 we recorded an impairment of goodwill, as noted above, and
 impairments of our capitalized costs of certain natural gas
 producing properties in the Barnett Shale of $503 million
 and capitalized costs of certain acquired unproved reserves in
 the Piceance Highlands acquired in 2008 of $175 million
 (see Note 14).

 Based on a comparison of the estimated fair value to the
 carrying value, we recorded a $15 million impairment in
 2009 related to costs of acquired unproved reserves resulting
 from a 2008 acquisition in the Fort Worth Basin (see
 Note 14).

 Our impairment analyses included an assessment of undiscounted
 (except for the costs of acquired unproved reserves) and
 discounted future cash flows, which considered information
 obtained from drilling, other activities, and natural gas
 reserve quantities.

 In July 2010, we sold a portion of our gathering and processing
 facilities in the Piceance Basin to a third party for cash
 proceeds of $30 million resulting in a gain of
 $12 million. The remaining portion of the facilities was
 part of the Piceance Sale (see Note 1). Also in 2010, we
 exchanged undeveloped leasehold acreage in different areas with
 a third party resulting in a $7 million gain.

 In January 2008, we sold a contractual right to a production
 payment on certain future international hydrocarbon production
 for $148 million. We obtained this interest (for which we
 allocated no value) through the acquisition of Barrett Resources
 Corporation in 2001 and there were no operations associated with
 this interest. As a result of the contract termination, we have
 no further interests associated with the crude oil concession
 which is located in Peru.

 The following presents a summary of exploration expenses:

 Years Ended December 31 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (Millions) 

 Geologic and geophysical costs

 $

 22

 $

 33

 $

 13

 Dry hole costs

 17

 11

 16

 Unproved leasehold property impairment, amortization and
 expiration

 34

 10

 8

 Total exploration expense

 $

 73

 $

 54

 $

 37

 Additional
 Items 

 Production and ad valorem taxes in 2008 include a
 $34 million accrual (which was reduced by $5 million
 in 2009) for additional Wyoming severance and ad valorem
 taxes associated with our initial estimate for settlement of an
 assessment initially for production years 2000 through 2002, but
 expanded through 2008 by the Wyoming Department of Audit (DOA),
 of additional severance tax and interest and notification of an
 increase in the taxable value of our interests for ad valorem
 tax purposes. Associated with this charge is an interest expense
 accrual of $4 million. All matters related to this issue
 have been settled with the State and respective counties for the
 amounts accrued.

 F-51

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 7. 

 Properties
 and Equipment 

 Properties and equipment is carried at cost and consists of the
 following:

 Estimated 

 Useful Life(a) 

 December 31, 

 (Years) 

 2010 

 2009 

 (Millions) 

 Proved properties

 (b)

 $

 9,822

 $

 8,784

 Unproved properties

 (c)

 1,893

 922

 Gathering, processing and other facilities

 15-25

 119

 787

 Construction in progress

 (c)

 603

 573

 Other

 3-25

 127

 123

 Total properties and equipment, at cost

 12,564

 11,189

 Accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization

 (4,115

 )

 (3,527

 )

 Properties and equipment&#151;net

 $

 8,449

 $

 7,662

 (a) 

 Estimated useful lives are presented as of December 31,
 2010. 

 (b) 

 Proved properties are depreciated, depleted and amortized using
 the
 units-of-production 
 method (see Note 1). 

 (c) 

 Unproved properties and construction in progress are not yet
 subject to depreciation and depletion. 

 Unproved properties consist primarily of non-producing leasehold
 in the Williston Basin (Bakken Shale) and the Appalachian Basin
 (Marcellus Shale) and acquired unproved reserves in the Powder
 River and Piceance Basins.

 On December 21, 2010, we closed the acquisition of
 100 percent of the equity of Dakota-3 E&#038;P Company LLC
 for $949 million, including closing adjustments. This
 company holds approximately 85,800 net acres on the
 Fort Berthold Indian Reservation in the Williston Basin of
 North Dakota. Approximately 85% of the acreage is undeveloped.
 Approximately $400 million of the purchase price was
 recorded as proved properties, $542 million as unproved
 properties within properties and equipment and $5 million
 of prepaid drilling costs (no significant working capital was
 acquired). Revenues and earnings for the acquired company were
 nominal and thus insignificant to us for the three years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008; accordingly, pro forma
 operating results would be substantially similar to those
 reflected on our historical Combined Statement of Operations.

 As discussed in Notes 1 and 4, the Company sold certain
 gathering and processing assets in Colorado&#146;s Piceance
 Basin with a net book value of $458 million to WPZ.

 In May 2010, we entered into a purchase agreement consisting
 primarily of non-producing leasehold acreage in the Appalachian
 Basin and a 5 percent overriding royalty interest
 associated with the acreage position for $599 million. We
 also acquired additional non-producing leasehold acreage in the
 Appalachian Basin for $164 million during the year.

 Construction in progress includes $142 million in 2010 and
 $136 million in 2009 related to wells located in Powder
 River. In order to produce gas from the coal seams, an extended
 period of dewatering is required prior to natural gas production.

 In 2009, we adopted Accounting Standards Update
 No. 2010-03, 
 which aligned oil and gas reserve estimation and disclosure
 requirements to those in the Securities and Exchange
 Commission&#146;s final rule related thereto. Accordingly, our
 fourth quarter 2009 depreciation, depletion and amortization
 expense was approximately $17 million more than had it been
 computed under the prior requirements.

 F-52

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 Asset
 Retirement Obligations 

 Our asset retirement obligations relate to producing wells, gas
 gathering well connections and related facilities. At the end of
 the useful life of each respective asset, we are legally
 obligated to plug producing wells and remove any related surface
 equipment and to cap gathering well connections at the wellhead
 and remove any related facility surface equipment.

 A rollforward of our asset retirement obligation for the years
 ended 2010 and 2009 is presented below.

 2010 

 2009 

 (Millions) 

 Balance, January 1

 $

 242

 $

 194

 Liabilities incurred during the period

 43

 18

 Liabilities settled during the period

 (2

 )

 (1

 )

 Liabilities associated with assets sold

 (22

 )

 &#151;

 Estimate revisions

 3

 15

 Accretion expense*

 21

 16

 Balance, December 31

 $

 285

 $

 242

 Amount reflected as current

 $

 3

 $

 7

 * 

 Accretion expense is included in lease and facility operating
 expense on the Combined Statement of Operations. 

 8. 

 Accrued
 and other current liabilities 

 Accrued and other current liabilities as of December 31,
 2010 and 2009 is as follows:

 December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 (Millions) 

 Taxes other than income taxes

 $

 76

 $

 126

 Customer margin deposit payable

 25

 31

 Other

 57

 74

 $

 158

 $

 231

 9. 

 Unsecured
 Credit Agreement 

 We have an unsecured credit agreement with certain banks in
 order to reduce margin requirements related to our hedging
 activities as well as lower transaction fees. In July 2010, the
 term of this facility was extended from December 2013 to
 December 2015. Under the credit agreement, we are not required
 to post collateral as long as the value of our domestic natural
 gas reserves, as determined under the provisions of the
 agreement, exceeds by a specified amount certain of our
 obligations including any outstanding debt and the aggregate
 out-of-the-money 
 positions on hedges entered into under the credit agreement. We
 are subject to additional covenants under the credit agreement
 including restrictions on hedge limits (70% of annual forecasted
 production as defined in the agreement), the creation of liens,
 the incurrence of debt, the sale of assets and properties, and
 making certain payments during an event of default, such as
 dividends. In December 2010, a waiver with the same terms and
 restrictions as the original agreement, was executed that will
 allow us to also hedge up to 70% of annual forecasted oil
 production, as defined in the agreement.

 F-53

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 10. 

 Income
 Taxes 

 The Company&#146;s domestic operations are included in the
 consolidated federal and state income tax returns for Williams,
 except for certain separate state filings. The income tax
 provision for the Company has been calculated on a separate
 return basis, except for certain state and federal tax
 attributes (primarily minimum tax credit carry-forwards) for
 which the actual allocation (if any) cannot be determined until
 the consolidated tax returns are complete for the year in which
 an income tax deconsolidation event occurs. If the income tax
 deconsolidation event had occurred December 31, 2010, the
 Company&#146;s allocated share of minimum tax credit
 carry-forwards are estimated to be in the range of $35 to
 $45 million. This estimate of potential tax attributes has
 not been included in these financial statements. The valuation
 allowance at December 31, 2010 and 2009 serves to reduce
 the recognized tax assets of $22 million associated with
 state losses, net of federal benefit, to an amount that will
 more likely than not be realized by the Company. There have been
 no significant effects on the income tax provision associated
 with changes in the valuation allowance for the years ended
 December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. Williams manages its tax
 position based upon its entire portfolio which may not be
 indicative of tax planning strategies available to us if we were
 operating as an independent company.

 The provision (benefit) for income taxes from continuing
 operations includes:

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (Millions) 

 Provision (benefit):

 Current:

 Federal

 $

 7

 $

 (17

 )

 $

 (52

 )

 State

 1

 (1

 )

 (3

 )

 Foreign

 11

 9

 8

 19

 (9

 )

 (47

 )

 Deferred:

 Federal

 (159

 )

 97

 470

 State

 (10

 )

 6

 30

 Foreign

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (1

 )

 (169

 )

 103

 499

 Total provision (benefit)

 $

 (150

 )

 $

 94

 $

 452

 Reconciliations from the provision (benefit) for income taxes
 from continuing operations at the federal statutory rate to the
 realized provision (benefit) for income taxes are as follows:

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 (Millions) 

 Provision (benefit) at statutory rate

 $

 (498

 )

 $

 85

 $

 444

 Increases (decreases) in taxes resulting from:

 State income taxes (net of federal benefit)

 (6

 )

 3

 18

 Foreign operations&#151;net

 3

 5

 (2

 )

 Goodwill impairment

 351

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Other&#151;net

 &#151;

 1

 (8

 )

 Provision (benefit) for income taxes

 $

 (150

 )

 $

 94

 $

 452

 F-54

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes
 includes $36 million, $21 million, and
 $30 million of foreign income in 2010, 2009, and 2008,
 respectively.

 Significant components of deferred tax liabilities and deferred
 tax assets are as follows:

 December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 (Millions) 

 Deferred tax liabilities:

 Properties and equipment

 $

 1,723

 $

 1,939

 Derivatives, net

 110

 61

 Total deferred tax liabilities

 1,833

 2,000

 Deferred tax assets:

 Accrued liabilities and other

 117

 131

 State loss carryovers

 22

 22

 Total deferred tax assets

 139

 153

 Less: valuation allowance

 22

 22

 Total net deferred tax assets

 117

 131

 Net deferred tax liabilities

 $

 1,716

 $

 1,869

 Undistributed earnings of certain combined foreign subsidiaries
 at December 31, 2010, totaled approximately
 $109 million. No provision for deferred U.S. income
 taxes has been made for these subsidiaries because we intend to
 permanently reinvest such earnings in foreign operations.

 The payments and receipts for domestic income taxes were made to
 or received from Williams via the notes payable to parent (see
 Note 4) in accordance with our historical tax
 allocation procedure. The cash payments for domestic income
 taxes (net of refunds) were $5 million in 2010. Cash
 receipts for domestic income taxes (net of payments) were
 $13 million and $44 million in 2009 and 2008,
 respectively. Additionally, payments made directly to
 international taxing authorities were $8 million,
 $4 million, and $8 million in 2010, 2009, and 2008,
 respectively.

 We recognize related interest and penalties as a component of
 income tax expense. The amounts accrued for interest and
 penalties are insignificant.

 As of December 31, 2010, the amount of unrecognized tax
 benefits is insignificant.

 During the first quarter of 2011, Williams finalized settlements
 with the IRS for 1997 through 2008. These settlements will not
 have a material impact on our unrecognized tax benefits. The
 statute of limitations for most states expires one year after
 expiration of the IRS statute. Income tax returns for our
 Colombian (2008 through 2010), Venezuelan (2006 through
 2010) and Argentine (2003 through 2010) entities are
 also open to audit.

 During the next 12 months, we do not expect ultimate
 resolution of any uncertain tax position associated with a
 domestic or international matter will result in a significant
 increase or decrease of our unrecognized tax benefit.

 11. 

 Contingent
 Liabilities and Commitments 

 Royalty
 litigation 

 In September 2006, royalty interest owners in Garfield County,
 Colorado, filed a class action suit in District Court, Garfield
 County Colorado, alleging we improperly calculated oil and gas
 royalty payments, failed to account for the proceeds that we
 received from the sale of natural gas and extracted products,
 improperly charged certain expenses and failed to refund amounts
 withheld in excess of ad valorem tax obligations. Plaintiffs
 sought to certify as a class of royalty interest owners, recover
 underpayment of royalties and obtain corrected payments
 resulting from calculation errors. We entered into a final
 partial settlement agreement. The partial settlement agreement
 defined the class members for class certification, reserved two
 claims for court resolution, resolved all other class

 F-55

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 claims relating to past calculation of royalty and overriding
 royalty payments, and established certain rules to govern future
 royalty and overriding royalty payments. This settlement
 resolved all claims relating to past withholding for ad valorem
 tax payments and established a procedure for refunds of any such
 excess withholding in the future. The first reserved claim is
 whether we are entitled to deduct in our calculation of royalty
 payments a portion of the costs we incur beyond the tailgates of
 the treating or processing plants for mainline pipeline
 transportation. We received a favorable ruling on our motion for
 summary judgment on the first reserved claim. Plaintiffs
 appealed that ruling and the Colorado Court of Appeals found in
 our favor in April 2011. The second reserved claim relates to
 whether we are required to have proportionately increased the
 value of natural gas by transporting that gas on mainline
 transmission lines and, if required, whether we did so and are
 thus entitled to deduct a proportionate share of transportation
 costs in calculating royalty payments. We anticipate trial on
 the second reserved claim following resolution of the first
 reserved claim. We believe our royalty calculations have been
 properly determined in accordance with the appropriate
 contractual arrangements and Colorado law. At this time, the
 plaintiffs have not provided us a sufficient framework to
 calculate an estimated range of exposure related to their
 claims. However, it is reasonably possible that the ultimate
 resolution of this item could result in a future charge that may
 be material to our results of operations.

 Other producers have been in litigation or discussions with a
 federal regulatory agency and a state agency in New Mexico
 regarding certain deductions, comprised primarily of processing,
 treating and transportation costs, used in the calculation of
 royalties. Although we are not a party to these matters, we have
 monitored them to evaluate whether their resolution might have
 the potential for unfavorable impact on our results of
 operations. One of these matters involving federal litigation
 was decided on October 5, 2009. The resolution of this
 specific matter is not material to us. However, other related
 issues in these matters that could be material to us remain
 outstanding. We received notice from the U.S. Department of
 Interior Office of Natural Resources Revenue (ONRR) in the
 fourth quarter of 2010, intending to clarify the guidelines for
 calculating federal royalties on conventional gas production
 applicable to our federal leases in New Mexico. The ONRR&#146;s
 guidance provides its view as to how much of a producer&#146;s
 bundled fees for transportation and processing can be deducted
 from the royalty payment. We believe using these guidelines
 would not result in a material difference in determining our
 historical federal royalty payments for our leases in New
 Mexico. No similar specific guidance has been issued by ONRR for
 leases in other states, but such guidelines are expected in the
 future. However, the timing of receipt of the necessary
 guidelines is uncertain. In addition, these interpretive
 guidelines on the applicability of certain deductions in the
 calculation of federal royalties are extremely complex and will
 vary based upon the ONRR&#146;s assessment of the configuration
 of processing, treating and transportation operations supporting
 each federal lease. From January 2004 through
 December 2010, our deductions used in the calculation of
 the royalty payments in states other than New Mexico associated
 with conventional gas production total approximately
 $55 million. Based on correspondence in 2009 with the
 ONRR&#146;s predecessor, we believe our assumptions in the
 calculations have been consistent with the requirements. The
 issuance of similar guidelines in Colorado and other states
 could affect our previous royalty payments and the effect could
 be material to our results of operations.

 Environmental
 matters 

 The EPA and various state regulatory agencies routinely
 promulgate and propose new rules, and issue updated guidance to
 existing rules. These new rules and rulemakings include, but are
 not limited to, rules for reciprocating internal combustion
 engine maximum achievable control technology, new air quality
 standards for ground level ozone, and one hour nitrogen dioxide
 emission limits. We are unable to estimate the costs of asset
 additions or modifications necessary to comply with these new
 regulations due to uncertainty created by the various legal
 challenges to these regulations and the need for further
 specific regulatory guidance.

 Matters
 related to Williams&#146; former power business 

 California
 energy crisis 

 Our former power business was engaged in power marketing in
 various geographic areas, including California. Prices charged
 for power by us and other traders and generators in California
 and other western

 F-56

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 states in 2000 and 2001 were challenged in various proceedings,
 including those before the FERC. We have entered into
 settlements with the State of California (State Settlement),
 major California utilities (Utilities Settlement), and others
 that substantially resolved each of these issues with these
 parties.

 Although the State Settlement and Utilities Settlement resolved
 a significant portion of the refund issues among the settling
 parties, we continue to have potential refund exposure to
 nonsettling parties, including various California end users that
 did not participate in the Utilities Settlement. We are
 currently in settlement negotiations with certain California
 utilities aimed at eliminating or substantially reducing this
 exposure. If successful, and subject to a final
 &#147;true-up&#148; 
 mechanism, the settlement agreement would also resolve our
 collection of accrued interest from counterparties as well as
 our payment of accrued interest on refund amounts. Thus, as
 currently contemplated by the parties, the settlement agreement
 would resolve most, if not all, of our legal issues arising from
 the
 2000-2001 
 California Energy Crisis. With respect to these matters, amounts
 accrued are not material to our financial position.

 Certain other issues also remain open at the FERC and for other
 nonsettling parties.

 Reporting
 of natural gas-related information to trade
 publications 

 Civil suits based on allegations of manipulating published gas
 price indices have been brought against us and others, in each
 case seeking an unspecified amount of damages. We are currently
 a defendant in class action litigation and other litigation
 originally filed in state court in Colorado, Kansas, Missouri
 and Wisconsin brought on behalf of direct and indirect
 purchasers of natural gas in those states. These cases were
 transferred to the federal court in Nevada. In 2008, the court
 granted summary judgment in the Colorado case in favor of us and
 most of the other defendants based on plaintiffs&#146; lack of
 standing. On January 8, 2009, the court denied the
 plaintiffs&#146; request for reconsideration of the Colorado
 dismissal and entered judgment in our favor. We expect that the
 Colorado plaintiffs will appeal, but the appeal cannot occur
 until the case against the remaining defendant is concluded.

 In the other cases, our joint motions for summary judgment to
 preclude the plaintiffs&#146; state law claims based upon
 federal preemption have been pending since late 2009. If the
 motions are granted, we expect a final judgment in our favor
 which the plaintiffs could appeal. If the motions are denied,
 the current stay of activity would be lifted, class
 certification would be addressed, and discovery would be
 completed as the cases proceed towards trial. Because of the
 uncertainty around these current pending unresolved issues,
 including an insufficient description of the purported classes
 and other related matters, we cannot reasonably estimate a range
 of potential exposures at this time. However, it is reasonably
 possible that the ultimate resolution of these items could
 result in future charges that may be material to our results of
 operations.

 Other
 Divestiture Indemnifications 

 Pursuant to various purchase and sale agreements relating to
 divested businesses and assets, we have indemnified certain
 purchasers against liabilities that they may incur with respect
 to the businesses and assets acquired from us. The indemnities
 provided to the purchasers are customary in sale transactions
 and are contingent upon the purchasers incurring liabilities
 that are not otherwise recoverable from third parties. The
 indemnities generally relate to breach of warranties, tax,
 historic litigation, personal injury, environmental matters,
 right of way and other representations that we have provided.

 At December 31, 2010, we do not expect any of the
 indemnities provided pursuant to the sales agreements to have a
 material impact on our future financial position. However, if a
 claim for indemnity is brought against us in the future, it may
 have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in
 the period in which the claim is made.

 In addition to the foregoing, various other proceedings are
 pending against us which are incidental to our operations.

 F-57

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 Summary 

 Litigation, arbitration, regulatory matters, and environmental
 matters are subject to inherent uncertainties. Were an
 unfavorable ruling to occur, there exists the possibility of a
 material adverse impact on the results of operations in the
 period in which the ruling occurs. As of December 31, 2010
 and 2009, the Company had accrued approximately $21 million
 and $30 million, respectively, for loss contingencies
 associated with royalty litigation, reporting of natural gas
 information to trade publications and other contingencies.
 Management, including internal counsel, currently believes that
 the ultimate resolution of the foregoing matters, taken as a
 whole and after consideration of amounts accrued, insurance
 coverage, recovery from customers or other indemnification
 arrangements, is not expected to have a materially adverse
 effect upon our future liquidity or financial position; however,
 it could be material to our results of operations in any given
 year.

 Commitments 

 As part of managing our commodity price risk, we utilize
 contracted pipeline capacity (including capacity on
 affiliates&#146; systems, resulting in a total of
 $442 million for all years) primarily to move our natural
 gas production to other locations in an attempt to obtain more
 favorable pricing differentials. Our commitments under these
 contracts are as follows:

 (Millions) 

 2011

 $

 204

 2012

 208

 2013

 200

 2014

 174

 2015

 166

 Thereafter

 635

 Total

 $

 1,587

 We have certain commitments to an equity investee and others for
 natural gas gathering and treating services, which total
 $447 million over approximately eleven years.

 We have a long-term obligation to deliver on a firm basis
 200,000 MMBtu per day of natural gas to a buyer at the
 White River Hub (Greasewood-Meeker, Colorado), which is the
 major market hub exiting the Piceance Basin. This obligation
 expires in 2014.

 In connection with a gathering agreement entered into by WPZ
 with a third party in December 2010, we concurrently agreed to
 buy up to 200,000 MMBtu per day of natural gas at Transco
 Station 515 (Marcellus Basin) at market prices from the same
 third party. Purchases under the
 12-year 
 contract are expected to begin in the third quarter of 2011. We
 expect to sell this natural gas in the open market and may
 utilize available transportation capacity to facilitate the
 sales.

 F-58

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 Future minimum annual rentals under noncancelable operating
 leases as of December 31, 2010, are payable as follows:

 (Millions) 

 2011

 $

 14

 2012

 10

 2013

 9

 2014

 4

 2015

 3

 Thereafter

 15

 Total

 $

 55

 Total rent expense, excluding
 month-to-month 
 rentals, was $13 million, $22 million and
 $21 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Rent
 charges incurred for drilling rig rentals are capitalized under
 the successful efforts method of accounting.

 12. 

 Employee
 Benefit Plans 

 Certain benefit costs associated with direct employees who
 support our operations are determined based on a specific
 employee basis and are charged to us by Williams as described
 below. These pension and post retirement benefit costs include
 amounts associated with vested participants who are no longer
 employees. As described in Note 4, Williams also charges us
 for the allocated cost of certain indirect employees of Williams
 who provide general and administrative services on our behalf.
 Williams includes an allocation of the benefit costs associated
 with these Williams employees based upon a Williams&#146;
 determined benefit rate, not necessarily specific to the
 employees providing general and administrative services on our
 behalf. As a result, the information described below is limited
 to amounts associated with the direct employees supporting our
 operations.

 For the periods presented, we were not the plan sponsor for
 these plans. Accordingly, our Combined Balance Sheet does not
 reflect any assets or liabilities related to these plans.

 Pension
 plans 

 Williams is the sponsor of noncontributory defined benefit
 pension plans that provide pension benefits for its eligible
 employees. Pension expense charged to us by Williams for 2010,
 2009 and 2008 totaled $7 million, $7 million and
 $3 million, respectively.

 Other
 postretirement benefits 

 Williams is the sponsor of subsidized retiree medical and life
 insurance benefit plans (other postretirement benefits) that
 provides benefits to certain eligible participants, generally
 including employees hired on or before December 31, 1991,
 and other miscellaneous defined participant groups. The
 allocation of cost for the plan anticipates future cost-sharing
 changes to the plan that are consistent with Williams&#146;
 expressed intent to increase the retiree contribution level,
 generally in line with health care cost increases. Other
 postretirement benefit expense charged to us by Williams for
 2010, 2009, and 2008 totaled less than $1 million for each
 period.

 Defined
 contribution plan 

 Williams also is the sponsor of a defined contribution plan that
 provides benefits to certain eligible participants and thus has
 charged us compensation expense of $5 million,
 $5 million and $4 million in 2010,

 F-59

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 2009 and 2008, respectively, for Williams&#146; matching
 contributions to this plan. Additionally, Apco maintains a
 defined contribution plan for its employees. Total annual
 compensation expense related to Apco&#146;s plan was
 approximately $0.1 million for each period.

 13. 

 Stock-Based
 Compensation 

 Certain of our direct employees participate in The Williams
 Companies, Inc. 2007 Incentive Plan, which provides for Williams
 common-stock-based awards to both employees and Williams&#146;
 nonmanagement directors. The plan permits the granting of
 various types of awards including, but not limited to, stock
 options and restricted stock units. Awards may be granted for no
 consideration other than prior and future services or based on
 certain financial performance targets. Additionally, certain of
 our direct employees participate in Williams&#146; Employee
 Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). The ESPP enables eligible
 participants to purchase through payroll deductions a limited
 amount of Williams&#146; common stock at a discounted price.

 We are charged by Williams for stock-based compensation expense
 related to our direct employees. Williams also charges us for
 the allocated costs of certain indirect employees of Williams
 (including stock-based compensation) who provide general and
 administrative services on our behalf and may become our
 employees in the future. However, information included in this
 note is limited to stock-based compensation associated with the
 direct employees (see Note 4 for total costs charged to us
 by Williams).

 Total stock-based compensation expense included in general and
 administrative expense for the years ended December 31,
 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $14 million, $13 million, and
 $11 million, respectively.

 Employee
 stock-based awards 

 Stock options are valued at the date of award, which does not
 precede the approval date, and compensation cost is recognized
 on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the
 requisite service period. The purchase price per share for stock
 options may not be less than the market price of the underlying
 stock on the date of grant.

 Stock options generally become exercisable over a three-year
 period from the date of grant and generally expire ten years
 after the grant.

 Restricted stock units are generally valued at market value on
 the grant date and generally vest over three years. Restricted
 stock unit compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, is
 generally recognized over the vesting period on a straight-line
 basis.

 F-60

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 Stock
 Options 

 The following summary reflects stock option activity and related
 information for the year ended December 31, 2010.

 Weighted- 

 Average 

 Aggregate 

 Exercise 

 Intrinsic 

 Stock Options 

 Options 

 Price 

 Value 

 (Millions) 

 (Millions) 

 Outstanding at December 31, 2009

 1.6

 $

 17.47

 Granted

 0.2

 $

 21.22

 Exercised

 (0.1

 )

 $

 7.65

 $

 2

 Expired

 (0.1

 )

 $

 42.29

 Forfeited

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Outstanding at December 31, 2010

 1.6

 $

 18.23

 $

 13

 Exercisable at December 31, 2010

 1.2

 $

 18.20

 $

 10

 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years
 ended December 31, 2010, 2009, and 2008 was
 $2 million, $0.2 million, and $7 million,
 respectively.

 The following summary provides additional information about
 stock options that are outstanding and exercisable at
 December 31, 2010.

 Stock Options Outstanding 

 Stock Options Exercisable 

 Weighted- 

 Weighted- 

 Weighted- 

 Average 

 Weighted- 

 Average 

 Average 

 Remaining 

 Average 

 Remaining 

 Exercise 

 Contractual 

 Exercise 

 Contractual 

 Range of Exercise Prices 

 Options 

 Price 

 Life 

 Options 

 Price 

 Life 

 (Millions) 

 (Years) 

 (Millions) 

 (Years) 

 $2.58 to $11.84

 0.6

 $

 8.79

 4.9

 0.5

 $

 7.88

 3.4

 $11.85 to 21.67

 0.6

 $

 20.32

 6.1

 0.4

 $

 19.79

 4.3

 $21.68 to $33.65

 0.2

 $

 27.84

 6.0

 0.2

 $

 27.84

 6.0

 $33.66 to $36.50

 0.2

 $

 36.21

 5.9

 0.1

 $

 36.09

 5.5

 Total

 1.6

 $

 18.23

 5.6

 1.2

 $

 18.20

 4.4

 The estimated fair value at date of grant of options for
 Williams common stock granted in each respective year, using the
 Black-Scholes option pricing model, is as follows:

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 Weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted

 $

 7.02

 $

 5.60

 $

 12.83

 Weighted-average assumptions:

 Dividend yield

 2.6

 %

 1.6

 %

 1.2

 %

 Volatility

 39.0

 %

 60.8

 %

 33.4

 %

 Risk-free interest rate

 3.0

 %

 2.3

 %

 3.5

 %

 Expected life (years)

 6.5

 6.5

 6.5

 The expected dividend yield is based on the average annual
 dividend yield as of the grant date. Expected volatility is
 based on the historical volatility of Williams stock and the
 implied volatility of Williams stock based on traded options. In
 calculating historical volatility, returns during calendar year
 2002 were excluded as the extreme volatility during that time is
 not reasonably expected to be repeated in the future. The
 risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury
 Constant Maturity rates as of the grant date. The expected life
 of the option is based on historical exercise behavior and
 expected future experience.

 F-61

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 Nonvested
 Restricted Stock Units 

 The following summary reflects nonvested restricted stock unit
 activity and related information for the year ended
 December 31, 2010.

 Weighted- 

 Average 

 Restricted Stock Units 

 Shares 

 Fair Value* 

 (Millions) 

 Nonvested at December 31, 2009

 1.7

 $

 18.24

 Granted

 0.6

 $

 21.19

 Forfeited

 (0.1

 )

 $

 19.36

 Cancelled

 (0.1

 )

 $

 0.00

 Vested

 (0.3

 )

 $

 28.35

 Nonvested at December 31, 2010

 1.8

 $

 17.96

 * 

 Performance-based shares are primarily valued using the
 end-of-period 
 market price until certification that the performance objectives
 have been completed, a value of zero once it has been determined
 that it is unlikely that performance objectives will be met, or
 a valuation pricing model. All other shares are valued at the
 grant-date market price. 

 Other
 restricted stock unit information 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 Weighted-average grant date fair value of restricted stock units
 granted during the year, per share

 $

 21.19

 $

 10.53

 $

 32.34

 Total fair value of restricted stock units vested during the
 year ($&#146;s in millions)

 $

 9

 $

 8

 $

 6

 14. 

 Fair
 Value Measurements 

 Fair value is the amount received to sell an asset or the amount
 paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
 market participants (an exit price) at the measurement date.
 Fair value is a market-based measurement considered from the
 perspective of a market participant. We use market data or
 assumptions that we believe market participants would use in
 pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about risk
 and the risks inherent in the inputs to the valuation. These
 inputs can be readily observable, market corroborated, or
 unobservable. We apply both market and income approaches for
 recurring fair value measurements using the best available
 information while utilizing valuation techniques that maximize
 the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
 unobservable inputs.

 The fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs used to measure
 fair value, giving the highest priority to quoted prices in
 active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1
 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs
 (Level 3 measurement). We classify fair value balances
 based on the observability of those inputs. The three levels of
 the fair value hierarchy are as follows:

 &#149; 

 Level 1&#151;Quoted prices for identical assets or
 liabilities in active markets that we have the ability to
 access. Active markets are those in which transactions for the
 asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to
 provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Our
 Level 1 primarily consists of financial instruments that
 are exchange traded;

 &#149; 

 Level 2&#151;Inputs are other than quoted prices in active
 markets included in Level 1, that are either directly or
 indirectly observable. These inputs are either directly
 observable in the marketplace or

 F-62

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 indirectly observable through corroboration with market data for
 substantially the full contractual term of the asset or
 liability being measured. Our Level 2 primarily consists of
 over-the-counter 
 (OTC) instruments such as forwards, swaps, and options. These
 options, which hedge future sales of production, are structured
 as costless collars and are financially settled. They are valued
 using an industry standard Black-Scholes option pricing model.
 Prior to 2009, these options were included in Level 3
 because a significant input to the model, implied volatility by
 location, was considered unobservable. However, due to the
 increased transparency, we now consider this input to be
 observable and have included these options in Level 2; and

 &#149; 

 Level 3&#151;Inputs that are not observable for which there
 is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability
 being measured. These inputs reflect management&#146;s best
 estimate of the assumptions market participants would use in
 determining fair value. Our Level 3 consists of instruments
 valued using industry standard pricing models and other
 valuation methods that utilize unobservable pricing inputs that
 are significant to the overall fair value.

 In valuing certain contracts, the inputs used to measure fair
 value may fall into different levels of the fair value
 hierarchy. For disclosure purposes, assets and liabilities are
 classified in their entirety in the fair value hierarchy level
 based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the
 overall fair value measurement. Our assessment of the
 significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement
 requires judgment and may affect the placement within the fair
 value hierarchy levels.

 The following table presents, by level within the fair value
 hierarchy, our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair
 value on a recurring basis.

 Fair
 Value Measurements Using: 

 December 31, 2010 

 December 31, 2009 

 Level 1 

 Level 2 

 Level 3 

 Total 

 Level 1 

 Level 2 

 Level 3 

 Total 

 (Millions) 

 (Millions) 

 Energy derivative assets

 $

 97

 $

 474

 $

 2

 $

 573

 $

 178

 $

 912

 $

 4

 $

 1,094

 Energy derivative liabilities

 $

 78

 $

 210

 $

 1

 $

 289

 $

 177

 $

 826

 $

 3

 $

 1,006

 Energy derivatives include commodity based exchange-traded
 contracts and OTC contracts. Exchange-traded contracts include
 futures, swaps, and options. OTC contracts include forwards,
 swaps and options.

 Many contracts have bid and ask prices that can be observed in
 the market. Our policy is to use a mid-market pricing (the
 mid-point price between bid and ask prices) convention to value
 individual positions and then adjust on a portfolio level to a
 point within the bid and ask range that represents our best
 estimate of fair value. For offsetting positions by location,
 the mid-market price is used to measure both the long and short
 positions.

 The determination of fair value for our assets and liabilities
 also incorporates the time value of money and various credit
 risk factors which can include the credit standing of the
 counterparties involved, master netting arrangements, the impact
 of credit enhancements (such as cash collateral posted and
 letters of credit) and our nonperformance risk on our
 liabilities. The determination of the fair value of our
 liabilities does not consider noncash collateral credit
 enhancements.

 Exchange-traded contracts include New York Mercantile Exchange
 and Intercontinental Exchange contracts and are valued based on
 quoted prices in these active markets and are classified within
 Level 1.

 Forward, swap, and option contracts included in Level 2 are
 valued using an income approach including present value
 techniques and option pricing models. Option contracts, which
 hedge future sales of our production, are structured as costless
 collars and are financially settled. They are valued using an
 industry standard Black-Scholes option pricing model.
 Significant inputs into our Level 2 valuations include

 F-63

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 commodity prices, implied volatility by location, and interest
 rates, as well as considering executed transactions or broker
 quotes corroborated by other market data. These broker quotes
 are based on observable market prices at which transactions
 could currently be executed. In certain instances where these
 inputs are not observable for all periods, relationships of
 observable market data and historical observations are used as a
 means to estimate fair value. Where observable inputs are
 available for substantially the full term of the asset or
 liability, the instrument is categorized in Level 2.

 Our energy derivatives portfolio is largely comprised of
 exchange-traded products or like products and the tenure of our
 derivatives portfolio is relatively short with more than
 99 percent of the value of our derivatives portfolio
 expiring in the next 24 months. Due to the nature of the
 products and tenure, we are consistently able to obtain market
 pricing. All pricing is reviewed on a daily basis and is
 formally validated with broker quotes and documented on a
 monthly basis.

 Certain instruments trade with lower availability of pricing
 information. These instruments are valued with a present value
 technique using inputs that may not be readily observable or
 corroborated by other market data. These instruments are
 classified within Level 3 when these inputs have a
 significant impact on the measurement of fair value. The
 instruments included in Level 3 at December 31, 2010,
 consist primarily of natural gas index transactions that are
 used to manage our physical requirements.

 Reclassifications of fair value between Level 1,
 Level 2, and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, if
 applicable, are made at the end of each quarter. No significant
 transfers in or out of Level 1 and Level 2 occurred
 during the year ended December 31, 2010. In 2009, certain
 options which hedge future sales of production were transferred
 from Level 3 to Level 2. These options were originally
 included in Level 3 because a significant input to the
 model, implied volatility by location, was considered
 unobservable. Due to increased transparency, this input was
 considered observable, and we transferred these options to
 Level 2.

 The following tables present a reconciliation of changes in the
 fair value of our net energy derivatives and other assets
 classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.

 Level 3
 Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable
 Inputs 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 Net Energy 

 Net Energy 

 Net Energy 

 Derivatives 

 Derivatives 

 Derivatives 

 (Millions) 

 Beginning balance

 $

 1

 $

 506

 $

 (5

 )

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses):

 Included in income (loss) from continuing operation s 

 1

 476

 96

 Included in other comprehensive income (loss)

 &#151;

 (329

 )

 478

 Purchases, issuances, and settlements

 (1

 )

 (479

 )

 (61

 )

 Transfers into Level 3

 &#151;

 &#151;

 3

 Transfers out of Level 3

 &#151;

 (173

 )

 (5

 )

 Ending balance

 $

 1

 $

 1

 $

 506

 Unrealized gains included in income from continuing operations
 relating to instruments held at December 31

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) included in income (loss)
 from continuing operations for the above periods are reported in
 revenues in our Combined Statement of Operations.

 F-64

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 The following table presents impairments associated with certain
 assets that have been measured at fair value on a nonrecurring
 basis within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

 Fair
 Value Measurements Using: 

 Total Losses for the Years 

 Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 (Millions) 

 Impairments:

 Goodwill (see Note 6)

 $

 1,003

 (a)

 $

 &#151;

 Producing properties and costs of acquired unproved reserves
 (see Note 6)

 678

 (b)

 15

 (c)

 Cost-based investment (see Note 5)

 &#151;

 11

 (d)

 $

 1,681

 $

 26

 (a) 

 Due to a significant decline in forward natural gas prices
 across all future production periods during 2010, we determined
 that we had a trigger event and thus performed an interim
 impairment assessment of the approximate $1 billion of
 goodwill related to our domestic natural gas production
 operations (the reporting unit). Forward natural gas prices
 through 2025 as of September 30, 2010, used in our analysis
 declined more than 22 percent on average compared to the
 forward prices as of December 31, 2009. We estimated the
 fair value of the reporting unit on a stand-alone basis by
 valuing proved and unproved reserves, as well as estimating the
 fair values of other assets and liabilities which are identified
 to the reporting unit. We used an income approach (discounted
 cash flow) for valuing reserves. The significant inputs into the
 valuation of proved and unproved reserves included reserve
 quantities, forward natural gas prices, anticipated drilling and
 operating costs, anticipated production curves, income taxes,
 and appropriate discount rates. To estimate the fair value of
 the reporting unit and the implied fair value of goodwill under
 a hypothetical acquisition of the reporting unit, we assumed a
 tax structure where a buyer would obtain a
 step-up in
 the tax basis of the net assets acquired. Significant
 assumptions in valuing proved reserves included reserves
 quantities of more than 4.4 trillion cubic feet of gas
 equivalent; forward prices averaging approximately $4.65 per
 thousand cubic feet of gas equivalent (Mcfe) for natural gas
 (adjusted for locational differences), natural gas liquids and
 oil; and an after-tax discount rate of 11 percent. Unproved
 reserves (probable and possible) were valued using similar
 assumptions adjusted further for the uncertainty associated with
 these reserves by using after- tax discount rates of
 13 percent and 15 percent, respectively, commensurate
 with our estimate of the risk of those reserves. In our
 assessment as of September 30, 2010, the carrying value of
 the reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeded its estimated
 fair value. We then determined that the implied fair value of
 the goodwill was zero. As a result of our analysis, we
 recognized a full $1 billion impairment charge related to
 this goodwill. 

 (b) 

 As of September 30, 2010, we also believed we had a trigger
 event as a result of recent significant declines in forward
 natural gas prices and therefore, we assessed the carrying value
 of our natural gas-producing properties and costs of acquired
 unproved reserves for impairments. Our assessment utilized
 estimates of future cash flows. Significant judgments and
 assumptions in these assessments are similar to those used in
 the goodwill evaluation and include estimates of natural gas
 reserve quantities, estimates of future natural gas prices using
 a forward NYMEX curve adjusted for locational basis
 differentials, drilling plans, expected capital costs, and an
 applicable discount rate commensurate with risk of the
 underlying cash flow estimates. The assessment performed at
 September 30, 2010, identified certain properties with a
 carrying value in excess of their calculated fair values. As a
 result, we recorded a $678 million impairment charge in the 

 F-65

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 third-quarter 2010 as further described below. Fair value
 measured for these properties at September 30, 2010, was
 estimated to be approximately $320 million. 

 &#149; 

 $503 million of the impairment charge related to natural
 gas-producing properties in the Barnett Shale. Significant
 assumptions in valuing these properties included proved reserves
 quantities of more than 227 billion cubic feet of gas
 equivalent, forward weighted average prices averaging
 approximately $4.67 per Mcfe for natural gas (adjusted for
 locational differences), natural gas liquids and oil, and an
 after-tax discount rate of 11 percent.

 &#149; 

 $175 million of the impairment charge related to acquired
 unproved reserves in the Piceance Highlands acquired in 2008.
 Significant assumptions in valuing these unproved reserves
 included evaluation of probable and possible reserves
 quantities, drilling plans, forward natural gas (adjusted for
 locational differences) and natural gas liquids prices, and an
 after-tax discount rate of 13 percent.

 (c) 

 Fair value of costs of acquired reserves in the Barnett Shale
 measured at December 31, 2009, was $22 million.
 Significant assumption in valuing these unproved reserves
 included evaluation of probable and possible reserves
 quantities, drilling plans, forward natural gas prices (adjusted
 for locational differences) and an after-tax discount rate of
 11 percent. 

 (d) 

 Fair value measured at March 31, 2009, was zero. This value
 was based on an
 other-than-temporary 
 decline in the value of our investment considering the
 deteriorating financial condition of a Venezuelan corporation in
 which we own a 4 percent interest. 

 15. 

 Financial
 Instruments, Derivatives, Guarantees and Concentration of Credit
 Risk 

 We use the following methods and assumptions in estimating our
 fair-value disclosures for financial instruments:

 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted
 cash : The carrying amounts reported in the
 Combined Balance Sheet approximate fair value due to the nature
 of the instrument
 and/or the
 short-term maturity of these instruments.

 Other : Includes margin deposits and
 customer margin deposits payable for which the amounts reported
 in the Combined Balance Sheet approximate fair value.

 Energy derivatives : Energy derivatives
 include futures, forwards, swaps, and options. These are carried
 at fair value in the Combined Balance Sheet. See Note 14
 for a discussion of valuation of energy derivatives.

 Carrying amounts and fair values of our financial instruments
 were as follows:

 December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 Carrying 

 Fair 

 Carrying 

 Fair 

 Asset (Liability) 

 Amount 

 Value 

 Amount 

 Value 

 (Millions) 

 Cash and cash equivalents

 $

 37

 $

 37

 $

 34

 $

 34

 Restricted cash

 24

 24

 19

 19

 Other

 (25

 )

 (25

 )

 (26

 )

 (26

 )

 Net energy derivatives:

 Energy commodity cash flow hedges

 266

 266

 180

 180

 Other energy derivatives

 18

 18

 (92

 )

 (92

 )

 F-66

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 Energy
 Commodity Derivatives 

 We are exposed to market risk from changes in energy commodity
 prices within our operations. We utilize derivatives to manage
 exposure to the variability in expected future cash flows from
 forecasted sales of natural gas attributable to commodity price
 risk. Certain of these derivatives utilized for risk management
 purposes have been designated as cash flow hedges, while other
 derivatives have not been designated as cash flow hedges or do
 not qualify for hedge accounting despite hedging our future cash
 flows on an economic basis.

 We produce, buy and sell natural gas at different locations
 throughout the United States. To reduce exposure to a decrease
 in revenues from fluctuations in natural gas market prices, we
 enter into natural gas futures contracts, swap agreements, and
 financial option contracts to mitigate the price risk on
 forecasted sales of natural gas. We have also entered into basis
 swap agreements to reduce the locational price risk associated
 with our producing basins. These cash flow hedges are expected
 to be highly effective in offsetting cash flows attributable to
 the hedged risk during the term of the hedge. However,
 ineffectiveness may be recognized primarily as a result of
 locational differences between the hedging derivative and the
 hedged item. Our financial option contracts are either purchased
 options or a combination of options that comprise a net
 purchased option or a zero-cost collar. Our designation of the
 hedging relationship and method of assessing effectiveness for
 these option contracts are generally such that the hedging
 relationship is considered perfectly effective and no
 ineffectiveness is recognized in earnings.

 The following table sets forth the derivative volumes designated
 as hedges of production volumes as of December 31, 2010:

 Weighted Average 

 Notional Volume 

 Price 

 Commodity 

 Period 

 Contract Type 

 Location 

 (BBtu) 

 ($/MMBtu) 

 Natural Gas

 2011

 Costless Collar

 Rockies

 16,425

 $5.30 - $7.10

 Natural Gas

 2011

 Costless Collar

 San Juan

 32,850

 $5.27 - $7.06

 Natural Gas

 2011

 Costless Collar

 MidCon

 29,200

 $5.10 - $7.00

 Natural Gas

 2011

 Costless Collar

 SoCal

 10,950

 $5.83 - $7.56

 Natural Gas

 2011

 Costless Collar

 Appalachia

 10,950

 $6.50 - $8.14

 Natural Gas

 2011

 Location Swaps

 Rockies

 27,375

 $5.57

 Natural Gas

 2011

 Location Swaps

 San Juan

 38,325

 $5.14

 Natural Gas

 2011

 Location Swaps

 MidCon

 7,300

 $5.22

 Natural Gas

 2011

 Location Swaps

 SoCal

 7,300

 $5.34

 Natural Gas

 2011

 Location Swaps

 Appalachia

 23,725

 $5.59

 Natural Gas

 2012

 Location Swaps

 Rockies

 25,620

 $4.79

 Natural Gas

 2012

 Location Swaps

 San Juan

 26,535

 $5.06

 Natural Gas

 2012

 Location Swaps

 MidCon

 14,640

 $4.74

 Natural Gas

 2012

 Location Swaps

 SoCal

 9,150

 $5.22

 Natural Gas

 2012

 Location Swaps

 Appalachia

 20,130

 $5.93

 We also enter into forward contracts to buy and sell natural gas
 to maximize the economic value of transportation agreements and
 storage capacity agreements. To reduce exposure to a decrease in
 margins from fluctuations in natural gas market prices, we may
 enter into futures contracts, swap agreements, and financial
 option contracts to mitigate the price risk associated with
 these contracts. Hedges for transportation contracts are
 designated as cash flow hedges and are expected to be highly
 effective in offsetting cash flows attributable to the hedged
 risk during the term of the hedge. However, ineffectiveness may
 be recognized primarily as a result of locational differences
 between the hedging derivative and the hedged item. Hedges for
 storage

 F-67

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 contracts have not been designated as hedging instruments,
 despite economically hedging the expected cash flows generated
 by those agreements.

 We also enter into commodity derivatives for other than risk
 management purposes, including managing certain remaining legacy
 natural gas contracts and positions from our former power
 business and providing services to third parties. These legacy
 natural gas contracts include substantially offsetting positions
 and have had an insignificant net impact on earnings.

 The following table depicts the notional amounts of the net long
 (short) positions which we did not designate as hedges of our
 production in our commodity derivatives portfolio as of
 December 31, 2010. Natural gas is presented in millions of
 British Thermal Units (MMBtu). All of the Central hub risk
 realizes in 2011 and 99% of the basis risk realizes in 2011. The
 net index position includes contracts for the future sale of
 physical natural gas related to our production. Offsetting these
 sales are contracts for the future production of physical
 natural gas related to WPZ&#146;s natural gas shrink
 requirements. These contracts result in minimal commodity price
 risk exposure and have a value of less than $1 million at
 December 31, 2010.

 Unit of 

 Central Hub 

 Basis 

 Index 

 Derivative Notional Volumes 

 Measure 

 Risk(a) 

 Risk(b) 

 Risk(c) 

 Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 

 Risk Management

 MMBtu

 (9,077,499

 )

 (20,195,000

 )

 16,586,059

 Other

 MMBtu

 150,400

 (14,766,500

 )

 (a) 

 includes physical and financial derivative transactions that
 settle against the Henry Hub price; 

 (b) 

 includes financial derivative transactions priced off the
 difference in value between the Central Hub and another specific
 delivery point; 

 (c) 

 includes physical derivative transactions at an unknown future
 price, including purchases of 84,583,157 MMBtu primarily on
 behalf of WPZ and sales of 67,997,098 MMBtu. 

 Fair
 values and gains (losses) 

 The following table presents the fair value of energy commodity
 derivatives. Our derivatives are presented as separate line
 items in our Combined Balance Sheet as current and noncurrent
 derivative assets and liabilities. Derivatives are classified as
 current or noncurrent based on the contractual timing of
 expected future net cash flows of individual contracts. The
 expected future net cash flows for derivatives classified as
 current are expected to occur within the next 12 months.
 The fair value amounts are presented on a gross basis and do not
 reflect the netting of asset and liability positions permitted
 under the terms of our master netting arrangements. Further, the
 amounts below do not include cash held on deposit in margin
 accounts that we have received or remitted to collateralize
 certain derivative positions.

 December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 Assets 

 Liabilities 

 Assets 

 Liabilities 

 (Millions) 

 Designated as hedging instruments

 $

 288

 $

 22

 $

 352

 $

 172

 Not designated as hedging instruments:

 Legacy natural gas contracts from former power business

 186

 187

 505

 526

 Hedges for storage contracts and other

 99

 80

 237

 308

 Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments

 285

 267

 742

 834

 Total derivatives

 $

 573

 $

 289

 $

 1,094

 $

 1,006

 F-68

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 The following table presents pre-tax gains and losses for our
 energy commodity derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, as
 recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) or
 revenues.

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 Classification 

 (Millions) 

 Net gain recognized in other comprehensive income (loss)
 (effective portion)

 $

 505

 $

 266

 AOCI

 Net gain reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive
 income (loss) into income (effective portion)(1)

 $

 354

 $

 621

 Revenues

 Gain recognized in income (ineffective portion)

 $

 9

 $

 4

 Revenues

 (1) 

 Gains reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income
 (loss) primarily represent realized gains associated with our
 production reflected in oil and gas sales. 

 There were no gains or losses recognized in income as a result
 of excluding amounts from the assessment of hedge effectiveness.

 The following table presents pre-tax gains and losses for our
 energy commodity derivatives not designated as hedging
 instruments.

 Years Ended 

 December 31, 

 2010 

 2009 

 (Millions) 

 Gas management revenues

 $

 47

 $

 33

 Gas management expenses

 28

 33

 Net gain

 $

 19

 $

 &#151;

 The cash flow impact of our derivative activities is presented
 in the Combined Statement of Cash Flows as changes in current
 and noncurrent derivative assets and liabilities.

 Credit-risk-related
 features 

 Certain of our derivative contracts contain credit-risk-related
 provisions that would require us, in certain circumstances, to
 post additional collateral in support of our net derivative
 liability positions. These credit-risk-related provisions
 require us to post collateral in the form of cash or letters of
 credit when our net liability positions exceed an established
 credit threshold. The credit thresholds are typically based on
 our senior unsecured debt ratings from Standard and Poor&#146;s
 and/or 
 Moody&#146;s Investors Service. Under these contracts, a credit
 ratings decline would lower our credit thresholds, thus
 requiring us to post additional collateral. We also have
 contracts that contain adequate assurance provisions giving the
 counterparty the right to request collateral in an amount that
 corresponds to the outstanding net liability. Additionally, we
 have an unsecured credit agreement with certain banks related to
 hedging activities. We are not required to provide collateral
 support for net derivative liability positions under the credit
 agreement as long as the value of our domestic natural gas
 reserves, as determined under the provisions of the agreement,
 exceeds by a specified amount certain of its obligations
 including any outstanding debt and the aggregate
 out-of-the-money 
 position on hedges entered into under the credit agreement.

 As of December 31, 2010, we have collateral totaling
 $8 million, all of which is in the form of letters of
 credit, posted to derivative counterparties, to support the
 aggregate fair value of our net derivative liability position
 (reflecting master netting arrangements in place with certain
 counterparties) of $36 million, which includes a reduction
 of less than $1 million to our liability balance for our
 own nonperformance risk. At

 F-69

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 December 31, 2009, we had collateral totaling
 $96 million posted to derivative counterparties, all of
 which was in the form of letters of credit, to support the
 aggregate fair value of our net derivative liabilities position
 (reflecting master netting arrangements in place with certain
 counterparties) of $164 million, which included a reduction
 of $3 million to our liability balance for our own
 nonperformance risk. The additional collateral that we would
 have been required to post, assuming our credit thresholds were
 eliminated and a call for adequate assurance under the credit
 risk provisions in our derivative contracts was triggered, was
 $29 million and $71 million at December 31, 2010
 and December 31, 2009, respectively.

 Cash flow
 hedges 

 Changes in the fair value of our cash flow hedges, to the extent
 effective, are deferred in other comprehensive income and
 reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods in
 which the hedged forecasted purchases or sales affect earnings,
 or when it is probable that the hedged forecasted transaction
 will not occur by the end of the originally specified time
 period. As of December 31, 2010, we have hedged portions of
 future cash flows associated with anticipated energy commodity
 purchases and sales for up to two years. Based on recorded
 values at December 31, 2010, $148 million of net gains
 (net of income tax provision of $88 million) will be
 reclassified into earnings within the next year. These recorded
 values are based on market prices of the commodities as of
 December 31, 2010. Due to the volatile nature of commodity
 prices and changes in the creditworthiness of counterparties,
 actual gains or losses realized within the next year will likely
 differ from these values. These gains or losses are expected to
 substantially offset net losses or gains that will be realized
 in earnings from previous unfavorable or favorable market
 movements associated with underlying hedged transactions.

 Concentration
 of Credit Risk 

 Cash
 equivalents 

 Our cash equivalents are primarily invested in funds with
 high-quality, short-term securities and instruments that are
 issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government.

 Accounts
 receivable 

 The following table summarizes concentration of receivables
 (other than as relates to affiliates), net of allowances, by
 product or service as of December 31:

 2010 

 2009 

 (Millions) 

 Receivables by product or service:

 Sale of natural gas and related products and services

 $

 272

 $

 286

 Joint interest owners

 83

 66

 Other

 7

 7

 Total

 $

 362

 $

 359

 Natural gas customers include pipelines, distribution companies,
 producers, gas marketers and industrial users primarily located
 in the eastern and northwestern United States, Rocky Mountains
 and Gulf Coast. As a general policy, collateral is not required
 for receivables, but customers&#146; financial condition and
 credit worthiness are evaluated regularly.

 Derivative
 assets and liabilities 

 We have a risk of loss from counterparties not performing
 pursuant to the terms of their contractual obligations.
 Counterparty performance can be influenced by changes in the
 economy and regulatory issues,

 F-70

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 among other factors. Risk of loss is impacted by several
 factors, including credit considerations and the regulatory
 environment in which a counterparty transacts. We attempt to
 minimize credit-risk exposure to derivative counterparties and
 brokers through formal credit policies, consideration of credit
 ratings from public ratings agencies, monitoring procedures,
 master netting agreements and collateral support under certain
 circumstances. Collateral support could include letters of
 credit, payment under margin agreements, and guarantees of
 payment by credit worthy parties.

 We also enter into master netting agreements to mitigate
 counterparty performance and credit risk. During 2010 and 2009,
 we did not incur any significant losses due to counterparty
 bankruptcy filings.

 The gross credit exposure from our derivative contracts as of
 December 31, 2010, is summarized as follows.

 Investment 

 Counterparty Type 

 Grade* 

 Total 

 (Millions) 

 Gas and electric utilities

 $

 7

 $

 8

 Energy marketers and traders

 &#151;

 133

 Financial institutions

 432

 432

 $

 439

 573

 Credit reserves

 &#151;

 Gross credit exposure from derivatives

 $

 573

 We assess our credit exposure on a net basis to reflect master
 netting agreements in place with certain counterparties. We
 offset our credit exposure to each counterparty with amounts we
 owe the counterparty under derivative contracts. The net credit
 exposure from our derivatives as of December 31, 2010,
 excluding collateral support discussed below, is summarized as
 follows.

 Investment 

 Counterparty Type 

 Grade* 

 Total 

 (Millions) 

 Gas and electric utilities

 $

 3

 $

 3

 Financial institutions

 317

 317

 $

 320

 320

 Credit reserves

 &#151;

 Net credit exposure from derivatives

 $

 320

 * 

 We determine investment grade primarily using publicly available
 credit ratings. We include counterparties with a minimum
 Standard &#038; Poor&#146;s rating of BBB- or Moody&#146;s
 Investors Service rating of Baa3 in investment grade. 

 Our nine largest net counterparty positions represent
 approximately 99 percent of our net credit exposure from
 derivatives and are all with investment grade counterparties.
 Included within this group are eight counterparty positions,
 representing 81 percent of our net credit exposure from
 derivatives, associated with our hedging facility (see
 Note 9). Under certain conditions, the terms of this credit
 agreement may require the participating financial institutions
 to deliver collateral support to a designated collateral agent
 (which is another participating financial institution in the
 agreement). The level of collateral support required is
 dependent on whether the net position of the counterparty
 financial institution exceeds specified thresholds.

 F-71

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 The thresholds may be subject to prescribed reductions based on
 changes in the credit rating of the counterparty financial
 institution.

 At December 31, 2010, the designated collateral agent holds
 $19 million of collateral support on our behalf under our
 hedging facility. In addition, we hold collateral support, which
 may include cash or letters of credit, of $15 million
 related to our other derivative positions.

 Revenues 

 During 2010, BP Energy Company accounted for 13% of our combined
 revenues. During 2009, and 2008, there were no customers for
 which our sales exceeded 10 percent of our combined
 revenues. Management believes that the loss of any individual
 purchaser would not have a long-term material adverse impact on
 the financial position or results of operations of the Company.

 Net
 Assets of Operations in Foreign Locations 

 Net assets of operations in Argentina were $231 million and
 $208 million as of December 31, 2010 and 2009,
 respectively.

 16. 

 Subsequent
 Events 

 Information subsequent to initial date of independent
 registered public accounting firm report 

 On June 3, 2011, WPX Energy, Inc. as borrower, entered into
 a new $1.5 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving
 credit facility agreement (the &#147;Credit Facility
 Agreement&#148;), together with the lenders named therein, and
 Citibank N.A. (&#147;Citi&#148;), as administrative agent and
 swingline lender. Under the terms of the Credit Facility
 Agreement and subject to certain requirements, WPX Energy, Inc.
 may request an increase in the commitments of up to an
 additional $300 million by either commitments from new
 lenders or increased commitments from existing lenders.
 Borrowings under the Credit Facility Agreement may be used for
 working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures and other
 general corporate purposes.

 Under the Credit Facility Agreement, WPX Energy, Inc. may also
 obtain same day funds by requesting a swingline loan of up to an
 amount of $125 million from the swingline lender. Interest
 on swingline loans will be payable at a fluctuating base rate
 equal to Citi&#146;s adjusted base rate plus the applicable
 margin.

 The Credit Facility Agreement was amended and became effective
 on November 1, 2011. Also, on November 1, 2011, WPX
 Energy terminated its existing unsecured credit agreement which
 had served to reduce margin requirements and transaction fees
 related to hedging activities, thus satisfying a condition
 necessary for effectiveness of the Credit Facility Agreement.
 All outstanding hedges under the terminated agreement were
 transferred to new agreements with various financial
 institutions that participate in the new credit facility.
 Neither WPX Energy nor the participating financial institutions
 are required to provide collateral support related to hedging
 activities under the new agreements.

 Interest on borrowings under the Credit Facility Agreement will
 be payable at rates per annum equal to, at the option of WPX
 Energy, Inc.: (1) a fluctuating base rate equal to
 Citi&#146;s adjusted base rate plus the applicable margin, or
 (2) a periodic fixed rate equal to LIBOR plus the
 applicable margin. The adjusted base rate will be the highest of
 (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.5 percent,
 (ii) Citi&#146;s publicly announced base rate, and
 (iii) one-month LIBOR plus 1.0 percent. WPX Energy,
 Inc. will be required to pay a commitment fee based on the
 unused portion of the commitments under the Credit Facility
 Agreement. The applicable margin and the commitment fee will be
 determined by reference to a pricing schedule based on WPX
 Energy, Inc.&#146;s senior unsecured debt ratings.

 Under the Credit Facility, prior to the occurrence of the
 Investment Grade Date (as defined below), WPX Energy, Inc. will
 be required to maintain a ratio of PV (as defined in the Credit
 Facility) to debt of at least 1.50 to 1.00. PV is determined as
 of the end of each fiscal year and reflects the present value,
 discounted at

 F-72

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 9 percent, of projected future cash flows of domestic
 proved oil and gas reserves (with a limitation of no more than
 35% representing proved undeveloped reserves), based on lender
 projected commodity price assumptions and after giving effect to
 hedge arrangements. Also, for WPX Energy, Inc. and its
 consolidated subsidiaries, the ratio of debt to capitalization
 (defined as net worth plus debt) will not be permitted to be
 greater than 60%. Each of the above ratios will be tested
 beginning December 31, 2011 at the end of each fiscal
 quarter. Investment Grade Date means the first date on which WPX
 Energy, Inc.&#146;s long-term senior unsecured debt ratings are
 BBB- or better by S&#038;P or Baa3 or better by Moody&#146;s
 (without negative outlook or negative watch), provided that the
 other of the two ratings is at least BB+ by S&#038;P or Ba1 by
 Moody&#146;s.

 The Credit Facility Agreement contains customary representations
 and warranties and affirmative, negative and financial covenants
 which were made only for the purposes of the Credit Facility
 Agreement and as of the specific date (or dates) set forth
 therein, and may be subject to certain limitations as agreed
 upon by the contracting parties. The covenants limit, among
 other things, the ability of WPX Energy, Inc.&#146;s
 subsidiaries to incur indebtedness, WPX Energy, Inc. and its
 material subsidiaries from granting certain liens supporting
 indebtedness, making investments, loans or advances and entering
 into certain hedging agreements, WPX Energy, Inc.&#146;s ability
 to merge or consolidate with any person or sell all or
 substantially all of its assets to any person, enter into
 certain affiliate transactions and allow material changes in the
 nature of its business. The covenants also require, among other
 things, that we grant a security interest in 80% of the present
 value of our proved reserves of oil and gas (and our equity
 interests in the subsidiaries owning such proved reserves of oil
 and gas) if, after our first issuance of senior unsecured notes,
 the notes are rated less than or equal to Ba2 by Moody&#146;s
 Investors Service, Inc. and BB by Standard &#038;
 Poor&#146;s Rating Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill
 Companies, Inc. In addition, the representations, warranties and
 covenants contained in the Credit Facility Agreement may be
 subject to standards of materiality applicable to the
 contracting parties that differ from those applicable to
 investors. Investors are not third-party beneficiaries of the
 Credit Facility Agreement and should not rely on the
 representations, warranties and covenants contained therein, or
 any descriptions thereof, as characterizations of the actual
 state of facts or conditions of WPX Energy, Inc.

 The Credit Facility Agreement includes customary events of
 default, including events of default relating to non-payment of
 principal, interest or fees, inaccuracy of representations and
 warranties in any material respect when made or when deemed
 made, violation of covenants, cross payment-defaults, cross
 acceleration, bankruptcy and insolvency events, certain
 unsatisfied judgments and a change of control. If an event of
 default with respect to a borrower occurs under the Credit
 Facility Agreement, the lenders will be able to terminate the
 commitments and accelerate the maturity of the loans of the
 defaulting borrower under the Credit Facility Agreement and
 exercise other rights and remedies.

 As discussed in Note 4, cash receipts and cash expenditures
 related to the Company&#146;s domestic operations have
 historically been transferred to or from Williams on a regular
 basis and cleared through unsecured promissory note agreements
 with Williams. On June 30, 2011, Williams contributed all
 amounts outstanding on these note agreements to our capital.

 During late 2010 and 2011, we incurred approximately
 $11 million of exploratory drilling costs in connection
 with a Marcellus Shale well in Columbia County, Pennsylvania.
 Results have been inconclusive and raise substantial doubt about
 the economic and operational viability of the well. As a result,
 the costs associated with this well were expensed as exploratory
 dry hole costs at September 30, 2011. Further, we assessed
 the impact of this well on our ability to recover the remaining
 lease acquisition costs associated with our acreage in Columbia
 County. During the nine months ended September 30, 2011, we
 recorded a $50 million write-off of leasehold costs
 associated with certain portions of our Columbia County acreage
 that we do not plan to develop.

 On October 18, 2011, Williams announced that its Board of
 Directors approved a revised reorganization plan that calls for
 the complete separation of us via a tax-free spin-off of all
 Williams&#146; ownership of us to Williams&#146; shareholders by
 year-end 2011. The approval of the revised reorganization plan
 does not preclude

 F-73

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Notes to
 Combined Financial Statements&#151;(Continued) 

 Williams from pursuing the original plan for separation,
 including an initial public offering, in the event that market
 conditions become favorable. Williams retains the discretion to
 determine whether and when to complete these transactions. Also
 in October 2011, Williams contributed and transferred to
 WPX Energy, Inc. its investment in certain subsidiaries
 related to its international exploration and production
 business, including Apco.

 On November 14, 2011, we issued $400 million aggregate
 principal amount of 5.250% Senior Notes due
 January 15, 2017, and $1.1 billion aggregate principal
 amount of 6.000% Senior Notes due January 15, 2022
 under an indenture, dated November 14, 2011, between us and
 The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as
 trustee. The net proceeds from the offering of the Notes were
 approximately $1.479 billion after deducting the initial
 purchasers&#146; discounts and our offering expenses. We
 retained $500 million of the net proceeds from the issuance
 of the Notes and distributed the remainder of the net proceeds
 from the issuance of the Notes, approximately $979 million,
 to Williams.

 On October 20, 2011, royalty interest owners in Rio Arriba
 County, New Mexico filed a complaint in District Court, Rio
 Arriba County, New Mexico alleging, among other things, that we
 improperly calculated oil and gas royalty payments and misstated
 the value of gas related to affiliate sales. We believe our
 royalty calculations have been properly determined in accordance
 with the appropriate contractual arrangements and applicable
 laws. We have not been served with the complaint, and at this
 time, we are unable to assess the likelihood of an adverse claim
 or any potential exposure in regards to this matter as the
 claimants have not provided a framework to calculate an
 estimated range of exposure related to their claims.

 In our assessment for impairment of producing oil and gas
 properties at December 31, 2010, we noted that
 approximately 12 percent of our producing assets, primarily
 located in the Powder River Basin, could be at risk for
 impairment if the weighted average forward price across all
 periods used in our cash flow estimates were to decline by
 approximately eight to 12 percent, on average, absent
 changes in other factors impacting estimated future net cash
 flows. As of September 30, 2011, the impact of changes in
 forward prices since December 31, 2010 to our cash flow
 estimates was indicative of a potential impairment. As a result,
 we conducted an impairment review of our proved producing oil
 and gas properties in the Powder River Basin as of
 September 30, 2011. The net book value of our proved
 producing assets in the Powder River Basin was approximately
 $500 million as of September 30, 2011. The recording
 of an impairment charge was not required as of
 September 30, 2011, as the undiscounted cash flows were
 greater than the net book value. Our interim impairment
 assessment included not only a review of forward pricing
 assumptions but also consideration of other factors impacting
 estimated future net cash flows, including but not limited to
 reserve and production estimates, future operating costs, future
 development costs and production taxes. Our 2011 interim updated
 reserve estimates for Powder River included 2011 additions to
 proved reserves. In this interim assessment, we noted that the
 Powder River producing assets could be at risk of impairment if
 the weighted average forward price across all periods used in
 our cash flow estimates were to decline by approximately six
 percent on average, absent changes in other factors. The
 weighted average decline in these forward prices from
 September 30, 2011 to November 30, 2011, as it relates
 to the Powder River basin production projections, was
 approximately 7.7 percent. These properties will be part of
 our annual impairment assessment for all properties in the
 fourth quarter and could be subject to impairment. If the
 recording of an impairment charge becomes necessary for the
 Powder River properties as of December 31, 2011, it is
 reasonably possible that the amount of such charge could be at
 least $200 million.

 F-74

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Supplemental
 Oil and Gas Disclosures 

 (Unaudited) 

 We have significant oil and gas producing activities primarily
 in the Rocky Mountain, Northeast and Mid-continent areas of the
 United States. Additionally, we have international oil and gas
 producing activities, primarily in Argentina. This information
 also excludes our gas management activities.

 With the exception of the Results of Operations, the following
 information includes our Arkoma Basin operations which have been
 reported as discontinued operations in our combined financial
 statements. These operations represent approximately one percent
 or less of our total domestic and international proved reserves
 for all periods presented.

 Capitalized
 Costs 

 As of December 31, 2009 

 Entity&#146;s share of 

 international 

 Consolidated 

 equity method 

 Domestic 

 International 

 Total 

 investee 

 Proved Properties

 $

 9,176

 $

 180

 $

 9,356

 $

 187

 Unproved properties

 945

 3

 948

 &#151;

 10,121

 183

 10,304

 187

 Accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization and
 valuation provisions

 (3,213

 )

 (94

 )

 (3,307

 )

 (109

 )

 Net capitalized costs

 $

 6,908

 $

 89

 $

 6,997

 $

 78

 As of December 31, 2010 

 Entity&#146;s share of 

 international 

 Consolidated 

 equity method 

 Domestic 

 International 

 Total 

 investee 

 Proved Properties

 $

 9,854

 $

 213

 $

 10,067

 $

 220

 Unproved properties

 2,094

 3

 2,097

 &#151;

 11,948

 216

 12,164

 220

 Accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization and
 valuation provisions

 (3,867

 )

 (109

 )

 (3,976

 )

 (129

 )

 Net capitalized costs

 $

 8,081

 107

 $

 8,188

 $

 91

 &#149; 

 Excluded from capitalized costs are equipment and facilities in
 support of oil and gas production of $312 million and
 $727 million, net, for 2010 and 2009, respectively.

 &#149; 

 Proved properties include capitalized costs for oil and gas
 leaseholds holding proved reserves, development wells including
 uncompleted development well costs, and successful exploratory
 wells.

 &#149; 

 Unproved properties consist primarily of unproved leasehold
 costs and costs for acquired unproven reserves.

 F-75

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Supplemental
 Oil and Gas Disclosures&#151;(Continued) 

 (Unaudited) 

 Cost
 Incurred 

 Entity&#146;s share of 

 international 

 equity method 

 Domestic 

 International 

 investee 

 (Millions) 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2008 

 Acquisition

 $

 543

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Exploration

 38

 9

 7

 Development

 1,699

 27

 25

 $

 2,280

 $

 36

 $

 32

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2009 

 Acquisition

 $

 305

 $

 3

 $

 &#151;

 Exploration

 51

 3

 3

 Development

 878

 19

 21

 $

 1,234

 $

 25

 $

 24

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2010 

 Acquisition

 $

 1,731

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Exploration

 22

 13

 3

 Development

 988

 27

 25

 $

 2,741

 $

 40

 $

 28

 &#149; 

 Costs incurred include capitalized and expensed items.

 &#149; 

 Acquisition costs are as follows: The 2010 costs are primarily
 for additional leasehold in the Williston and Marcellus Basins
 and include approximately $422 million of proved property
 values. The 2009 costs are primarily for additional leasehold
 and reserve acquisitions in the Piceance Basin, and include
 $85 million of proved property values. The 2008 costs are
 primarily for additional leasehold and reserve acquisitions in
 the Piceance and Fort Worth Basins. Included in the 2008
 acquisition amounts is $140 million of proved property
 values and $71 million related to an interest in a portion
 of acquired assets that a third party subsequently exercised its
 contractual option to purchase from us, on the same terms and
 conditions.

 &#149; 

 Exploration costs include the costs incurred for geological and
 geophysical activity, drilling and equipping exploratory wells,
 including costs incurred during the year for wells determined to
 be dry holes, exploratory lease acquisitions, and retaining
 undeveloped leaseholds.

 &#149; 

 Development costs include costs incurred to gain access to and
 prepare well locations for drilling and to drill and equip wells
 in our development basins.

 &#149; 

 We have classified our step-out drilling and site preparation
 costs in the Powder River Basin as development, although the
 immediate offsets are frequently in the dewatering stages in as
 much as it better reflects the low risk profile of the costs
 incurred.

 F-76

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Supplemental
 Oil and Gas Disclosures&#151;(Continued) 

 (Unaudited) 

 Results
 of Operations 

 Domestic 

 International 

 Total 

 (Millions) 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2008 

 Revenues:

 Oil and gas revenues

 $

 2,810

 $

 72

 $

 2,882

 Other revenues

 32

 &#151;

 32

 Total revenues

 2,842

 72

 2,914

 Costs:

 Lease and facility operating

 255

 17

 272

 Gathering, processing and transportation

 229

 &#151;

 229

 Taxes other than income

 242

 12

 254

 Exploration expenses

 31

 6

 37

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization

 724

 14

 738

 General and administrative

 217

 7

 224

 Gain on sale of international production payment right

 &#151;

 (148

 )

 (148

 )

 Other (income) expense

 4

 2

 6

 Total costs

 1,702

 (90

 )

 1,612

 Results of operations

 1,140

 162

 1,302

 (Provision) benefit for income taxes

 (416

 )

 (59

 )

 (475

 )

 Exploration and production net income (loss)

 $

 724

 $

 103

 $

 827

 F-77

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Supplemental
 Oil and Gas Disclosures&#151;(Continued) 

 (Unaudited) 

 Domestic 

 International 

 Total 

 (Millions) 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2009 

 Revenues:

 Oil and gas revenues

 $

 2,090

 $

 78

 $

 2,168

 Other revenues

 39

 &#151;

 39

 Total revenues

 2,129

 78

 2,207

 Costs:

 Lease and facility operating

 247

 16

 263

 Gathering, processing and transportation

 273

 &#151;

 273

 Taxes other than income

 80

 13

 93

 Exploration expenses

 52

 2

 54

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization

 870

 17

 887

 Impairment of costs of acquired unproved reserves

 15

 &#151;

 15

 General and administrative

 221

 9

 230

 Other (income) expense

 33

 &#151;

 33

 Total costs

 1,791

 57

 1,848

 Results of operations

 338

 21

 359

 (Provision) benefit for income taxes

 (123

 )

 (8

 )

 (131

 )

 Exploration and production net income (loss)

 $

 215

 $

 13

 $

 228

 F-78

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Supplemental
 Oil and Gas Disclosures&#151;(Continued) 

 (Unaudited) 

 Domestic 

 International 

 Total 

 (Millions) 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2010 

 Revenues:

 Oil and gas revenues

 $

 2,136

 $

 89

 $

 2,225

 Other revenues

 40

 &#151;

 40

 Total revenues

 2,176

 89

 2,265

 Costs:

 Lease and facility operating

 267

 19

 286

 Gathering, processing and transportation

 326

 &#151;

 326

 Taxes other than income

 109

 16

 125

 Exploration expenses

 67

 6

 73

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization

 858

 17

 875

 Impairment of certain natural gas properties in the
 Ft. Worth Basin

 503

 &#151;

 503

 Impairment of costs of acquired unproved reserves

 175

 &#151;

 175

 Goodwill impairment

 1,003

 &#151;

 1,003

 General and administrative

 225

 9

 234

 Other (income) expense

 (19

 )

 &#151;

 (19

 )

 Total costs

 3,514

 67

 3,581

 Results of operations

 (1,338

 )

 22

 (1,316

 )

 (Provision) benefit for income taxes

 123

 (8

 )

 115

 Exploration and production net income (loss)

 $

 (1,215

 )

 $

 14

 $

 (1,201

 )

 &#149; 

 Amount for all years exclude the equity earnings from the
 international equity method investee. Equity earnings from this
 investee were $16 million, $14 million and
 $16 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008.

 &#149; 

 Oil and gas revenues consist primarily of natural gas production
 sold and includes the impact of hedges.

 &#149; 

 Other revenues consist of activities that are an indirect part
 of the producing activities. Other expenses in 2009 also include
 $32 million of expense related to penalties from the early
 release of drilling rigs.

 &#149; 

 Exploration expenses include the costs of geological and
 geophysical activity, drilling and equipping exploratory wells
 determined to be dry holes, and the cost of retaining
 undeveloped leaseholds including lease amortization and
 impairments.

 &#149; 

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization includes depreciation
 of support equipment. Additionally, 2009 includes
 $17 million additional depreciation, depletion and
 amortization as a result of our recalculation of fourth quarter
 depreciation, depletion and amortization utilizing our year-end
 reserves which were lower than 2008. The lower reserves are
 primarily a result of the application of new rules issued by the
 SEC.

 F-79

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Supplemental
 Oil and Gas Disclosures&#151;(Continued) 

 (Unaudited) 

 Proved
 Reserves 

 Entity&#146;s share of 

 international 

 equity method 

 Domestic 

 International(1) 

 investee(2) 

 Combined 

 (Bcfe) 

 (MMBoe) 

 (MMBoe) 

 (Bcfe) 

 For The Year Ended December 31, 2008 

 Proved reserves at the beginning of period

 4,143

 21

 15

 4,357

 Revisions

 (220

 )

 1

 &#151;

 (208

 )

 Purchases

 31

 &#151;

 &#151;

 31

 Extensions and discoveries

 791

 2

 1

 810

 Wellhead production

 (406

 )

 (2

 )

 (2

 )

 (434

 )

 Proved reserves at the end of period

 4,339

 22

 14

 4,556

 Proved developed reserves at end of period

 2,456

 15

 10

 2,607

 For the year ended December 31, 2009 

 Proved reserves at the beginning of period

 4,339

 22

 14

 4,556

 Revisions

 (859

 )

 2

 1

 (841

 )

 Purchases

 159

 &#151;

 &#151;

 159

 Extensions and discoveries

 1,051

 5

 7

 1,123

 Wellhead production

 (435

 )

 (3

 )

 (2

 )

 (466

 )

 Proved reserves at the end of period

 4,255

 26

 20

 4,531

 Proved developed reserves at end of period

 2,387

 17

 12

 2,562

 For the year ended December 31, 2010 

 Proved reserves at the beginning of period

 4,255

 26

 20

 4,531

 Revisions

 (233

 )

 (2

 )

 1

 (242

 )

 Purchases

 162

 &#151;

 &#151;

 162

 Extensions and discoveries

 508

 4

 4

 557

 Wellhead production

 (420

 )

 (3

 )

 (2

 )

 (450

 )

 Proved reserves at the end of period

 4,272

 25

 23

 4,558

 Proved developed reserves at end of period

 2,498

 15

 14

 2,671

 (1) 

 Reserves attributable to a consolidated subsidiary (Apco) in
 which there is a 31 percent noncontrolling interest. 

 (2) 

 Represents Apco&#146;s 40.8% interest in reserves of Petrolera
 Entre Lomas S.A. 

 &#149; 

 The SEC defines proved oil and gas reserves
 (Rule 4-10(a) 
 of
 Regulation S-X) 
 as those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of
 geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with
 reasonable certainty to be economically producible&#151;from a
 given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing
 economic conditions, operating methods, and government
 regulations&#151;prior to the time at which contracts providing
 the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that
 renewal is

 F-80

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Supplemental
 Oil and Gas Disclosures&#151;(Continued) 

 (Unaudited) 

 reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or
 probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project
 to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator
 must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project
 within a reasonable time. Proved reserves consist of two
 categories, proved developed reserves and proved undeveloped
 reserves. Proved developed reserves are currently producing
 wells and wells awaiting minor sales connection expenditure,
 recompletion, additional perforations or borehole stimulation
 treatments. Proved undeveloped reserves are those reserves which
 are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage
 or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is
 required for recompletion. Proved reserves on undrilled acreage
 are generally limited to those that can be developed within five
 years according to planned drilling activity. Proved reserves on
 undrilled acreage also can include locations that are more than
 one offset away from current producing wells where there is a
 reasonable certainty of production when drilled or where it can
 be demonstrated with reasonable certainty that there is
 continuity of production from the existing productive formation.

 &#149; 

 Purchases in 2008, 2009 and 2010 include proved developed
 reserves of 17 Bcfe, 2.4 Bcfe and 42 Bcfe,
 respectively.

 &#149; 

 Revisions in 2010 primarily relate to the reclassification of
 reserves from proved to probable reserves attributable to
 locations not expected to be developed within five years. A
 significant portion of the revisions for 2009 are a result of
 the impact of the new SEC rules. Proved reserves are lower
 because of the lower
 12-month 
 average,
 first-of-the-month 
 price as compared to the 2008 year-end price, and the
 revision of proved undeveloped reserve estimates based on new
 guidance. Approximately one-half of the revisions for 2008
 relate to the impact of lower average year-end natural gas
 prices used in 2008 compared to the 2007.

 &#149; 

 Extensions and discoveries in 2009 are higher than other years
 due in part to the expanded definition of oil and gas reserves
 supported by reliable technology and reasonable certainty used
 for reserves estimation.

 &#149; 

 Natural gas reserves are computed at 14.73 pounds per square
 inch absolute and 60 degrees Fahrenheit. Domestic crude oil
 reserves are insignificant and have been included in the
 domestic proved reserves on a basis of billion cubic feet
 equivalents (Bcfe).

 Standardized
 Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved
 Oil and Gas Reserves 

 The following is based on the estimated quantities of proved
 reserves. In 2009, we adopted prescribed accounting revisions
 associated with oil and gas authoritative guidance. Those
 revisions include using the
 12-month 
 average price computed as an unweighted arithmetic average of
 the price as of the first day of each month, unless prices are
 defined by contractual arrangements. These revisions are
 reflected in our 2010 and 2009 amounts. For the years ended
 December 31, 2010 and 2009, the average domestic natural
 gas equivalent price, including deductions for gathering,
 processing and transportation, used in the estimates was $3.78
 and $2.76 per MMcfe, respectively. For the year ended
 December 31, 2008, the average domestic year-end natural
 gas equivalent price used in the estimates was $4.41 per MMcfe.
 Future income tax expenses have been computed considering
 applicable taxable cash flows and appropriate statutory tax
 rates. The discount rate of 10 percent is as prescribed by
 authoritative guidance. Continuation of year-end economic
 conditions also is assumed. The calculation is based on
 estimates of proved reserves, which are revised over time as new
 data becomes available. Probable or possible reserves, which may
 become proved in the future, are not considered. The calculation
 also requires assumptions as to the timing of future production
 of proved reserves, and the timing and amount of future
 development and production costs.

 Numerous uncertainties are inherent in estimating volumes and
 the value of proved reserves and in projecting future production
 rates and timing of development expenditures. Such reserve
 estimates are subject

 F-81

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Supplemental
 Oil and Gas Disclosures&#151;(Continued) 

 (Unaudited) 

 to change as additional information becomes available. The
 reserves actually recovered and the timing of production may be
 substantially different from the reserve estimates.

 Standardized
 Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows 

 Entity&#146;s share 

 of international 

 equity method 

 As of December 31, 2009 

 Domestic 

 International(1) 

 investee(2) 

 (Millions) 

 Future cash inflows

 $

 11,729

 $

 664

 $

 614

 Less:

 Future production costs

 3,990

 227

 228

 Future development costs

 2,833

 83

 91

 Future income tax provisions

 1,404

 67

 73

 Future net cash flows

 3,502

 287

 222

 Less 10 percent annual discount for estimated timing of
 cash flows

 (1,789

 )

 (112

 )

 (93

 )

 Standardized measure of discounted future net cash inflows

 $

 1,713

 $

 175

 $

 129

 Entity&#146;s share 

 of international 

 equity method 

 As of December 31, 2010 

 Domestic 

 International(1) 

 investee(2) 

 Future cash inflows

 $

 16,151

 $

 779

 $

 787

 Less:

 Future production costs

 4,927

 273

 278

 Future development costs

 2,960

 89

 92

 Future income tax provisions

 2,722

 98

 114

 Future net cash flows

 5,542

 319

 303

 Less 10 percent annual discount for estimated timing of
 cash flows

 (2,728

 )

 (121

 )

 (117

 )

 Standardized measure of discounted future net cash inflows

 $

 2,814

 $

 198

 $

 186

 (1) 

 Amounts attributable to a consolidated subsidiary (Apco) in
 which there is a 31 percent noncontrolling interest. 

 (2) 

 Represents Apco&#146;s 40.8% interest in Petrolera Entre Lomas
 S.A. 

 F-82

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Supplemental
 Oil and Gas Disclosures&#151;(Continued) 

 (Unaudited) 

 Sources
 of Change in Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash
 Flows 

 Entity&#146;s share 

 of international 

 equity method 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2008 

 Domestic 

 International(1) 

 investee(2) 

 (Millions) 

 Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows
 beginning of period

 $

 4,803

 $

 149

 $

 115

 Changes during the year:

 Sales of oil and gas produced, net of operating costs

 (2,091

 )

 (55

 )

 (55

 )

 Net change in prices and production costs

 (2,548

 )

 25

 34

 Extensions, discoveries and improved recovery, less estimated
 future costs

 1,423

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Development costs incurred during year

 817

 33

 25

 Changes in estimated future development costs

 (724

 )

 (36

 )

 (36

 )

 Purchase of reserves in place, less estimated future costs

 55

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Revisions of previous quantity estimates

 (395

 )

 50

 38

 Accretion of discount

 714

 13

 18

 Net change in income taxes

 1,108

 3

 &#151;

 Other

 11

 (7

 )

 (8

 )

 Net changes

 (1,630

 )

 26

 16

 Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows end of
 period

 $

 3,173

 $

 175

 $

 131

 F-83

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Supplemental
 Oil and Gas Disclosures&#151;(Continued) 

 (Unaudited) 

 Entity&#146;s share 

 of international 

 equity method 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2009 

 Domestic 

 International(1) 

 investee(2) 

 (Millions) 

 Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows
 beginning of period

 $

 3,173

 $

 175

 $

 131

 Changes during the year:

 Sales of oil and gas produced, net of operating costs

 (1,006

 )

 (49

 )

 (45

 )

 Net change in prices and production costs

 (3,310

 )

 (35

 )

 (49

 )

 Extensions, discoveries and improved recovery, less estimated
 future costs

 1,131

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Development costs incurred during year

 389

 17

 21

 Changes in estimated future development costs

 701

 (1

 )

 (3

 )

 Purchase of reserves in place, less estimated future costs

 171

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Revisions of previous quantity estimates

 (923

 )

 79

 88

 Accretion of discount

 450

 21

 17

 Net change in income taxes

 932

 (4

 )

 (2

 )

 Other

 5

 (28

 )

 (29

 )

 Net changes

 (1,460

 )

 &#151;

 (2

 )

 Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows end of
 period

 $

 1,713

 $

 175

 $

 129

 F-84

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 

 Supplemental
 Oil and Gas Disclosures&#151;(Continued) 

 (Unaudited) 

 Entity&#146;s share 

 of international 

 equity method 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2010 

 Domestic 

 International(1) 

 investee(2) 

 (Millions) 

 Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows
 beginning of period

 $

 1,713

 $

 175

 $

 129

 Changes during the year:

 Sales of oil and gas produced, net of operating costs

 (1,446

 )

 (59

 )

 (55

 )

 Net change in prices and production costs

 1,921

 34

 43

 Extensions, discoveries and improved recovery, less estimated
 future costs

 724

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Development costs incurred during year

 633

 26

 25

 Changes in estimated future development costs

 (292

 )

 (12

 )

 (15

 )

 Purchase of reserves in place, less estimated future costs

 439

 2

 &#151;

 Revisions of previous quantity estimates

 (332

 )

 26

 63

 Accretion of discount

 220

 22

 17

 Net change in income taxes

 (758

 )

 (13

 )

 (20

 )

 Other

 (8

 )

 (3

 )

 (1

 )

 Net changes

 1,101

 23

 57

 Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows end of
 period

 $

 2,814

 $

 198

 $

 186

 (1) 

 Amounts attributable to a consolidated subsidiary (Apco) in
 which there is a 31 percent noncontrolling interest. 

 (2) 

 Represents Apco&#146;s 40.8% interest in Petrolera Entre Lomas
 S.A. 

 In relation to the SEC rules adopted in 2009, we estimated that
 the domestic standardized measure of discounted future net cash
 flows in 2009 declined approximately $840 million on a
 before tax basis and excluding the overall price rule impact.
 The significant components of this decline included an estimated
 $640 million decrease included in revisions of previous
 quantity estimates and a related $430 million decrease
 included in the net change in prices and production costs,
 partially offset by a $210 million increase included in
 extensions, discoveries and improved recovery, less estimated
 future costs. Additionally, we estimated that a significant
 portion of the remaining net change in domestic price and
 production costs is due to the application of the new pricing
 rules which resulted in the use of lower prices at
 December 31, 2009, than would have resulted under the
 previous rules.

 F-85

 Table of Contents 

 WPX
 Energy 
 SCHEDULE II&#151;VALUATION AND QUALIFYING
 ACCOUNTS 

 Charged 

 (Credited) 

 Beginning 

 to Costs and 

 Ending 

 Balance 

 Expenses 

 Other 

 Deductions 

 Balance 

 (Millions) 

 2010:

 Allowance for doubtful accounts&#151;accounts and notes
 receivable(a)

 $

 19

 $

 (3

 )

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 16

 Price-risk management credit 
 reserves&#151;liabilities(b)

 (3

 )

 3

 (d)

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 2009:

 Allowance for doubtful accounts&#151;accounts and notes
 receivable(a)

 25

 3

 &#151;

 (9

 )(c)

 19

 Price-risk management credit 
 reserves&#151;assets(a)

 6

 (3

 )(d)

 (3

 )(e)

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Price-risk management credit 
 reserves&#151;liabilities(b)

 (15

 )

 12

 (d)

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (3

 )

 2008:

 Allowance for doubtful accounts&#151;accounts and notes
 receivable(a)

 14

 12

 &#151;

 (1

 )(c)

 25

 Price-risk management credit 
 reserves&#151;assets(a)

 1

 1

 (d)

 4

 (e)

 &#151;

 6

 Price-risk management credit reserves&#151;liabilities(b)

 &#151;

 (16

 )(d)

 1

 (e)

 &#151;

 (15

 )

 (a) 

 Deducted from related assets. 

 (b) 

 Deducted from related liabilities. 

 (c) 

 Represents recoveries of balances previously written off. 

 (d) 

 Included in revenues. 

 (e) 

 Included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 

 F-86

