 
 EX-99.1
 16
 d50150a1exv99w1.htm
 PRELIMINARY INFORMATION STATEMENT SUBJECT TO COMPLETITION

 exv99w1 

 Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT 99.1 

 EchoStar
 Communications Corporation 
 9601 S. Meridian Blvd. 
 Englewood, Colorado 80112

 Dear EchoStar Communications Corporation Shareholder:

 We are pleased to inform you that on December 11, 2007, the
 Board of Directors of EchoStar Communications Corporation
 approved the spin-off of EchoStar Holding Corporation, a
 wholly-owned subsidiary of EchoStar Communications Corporation.
 EchoStar Holding Corporation will hold the technology and
 certain infrastructure assets of EchoStar Communications
 Corporation. EchoStar Communications Corporation will retain its
 consumer pay-TV business, DISH Network. We believe that our
 separation into two independent publicly-traded companies is in
 the best interests of each of the businesses. Immediately
 following the completion of the spin-off, EchoStar
 Communications Corporation intends to change its name to
 &#147;DISH Network Corporation.&#148;

 The spin-off of EchoStar Holding Corporation is anticipated to
 occur on or about January 1, 2008 by way of a pro rata
 dividend to EchoStar Communications Corporation shareholders.
 For each share of EchoStar Communications Corporation
 Class A common stock or Class B common stock you hold
 as of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on December 27,
 2007, which is the record date of the spin-off, you will be
 entitled to receive a dividend of 0.20 of a share of the
 same class of EchoStar Holding Corporation common stock. Please
 note that if you sell your shares of Class A common stock
 of EchoStar Communications Corporation after the record date but
 before the distribution date, the buyer of those shares will be
 entitled to receive the shares of our Class A common stock
 issuable in respect of the shares sold. The distribution of
 shares of our Class A common stock will be made in
 book-entry form, which means that no physical Class A stock
 certificates will be issued in the distribution. No fractional
 shares of EchoStar Holding Corporation Class A or
 Class B common stock will be issued. If you would have been
 entitled to a fractional share of EchoStar Holding Corporation
 Class A common stock in the distribution, you will receive
 cash in lieu of a fractional share interest.

 Shareholder approval of the spin-off is not required, and you
 are not required to take any action to receive shares of
 EchoStar Holding Corporation common stock.

 Immediately following the spin-off, you will own shares of
 common stock of both EchoStar Communications Corporation and
 EchoStar Holding Corporation. EchoStar Communications
 Corporation Class A common stock will continue to trade on
 the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol
 &#147;DISH.&#148; We have applied to list our Class A
 common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol
 &#147;[ ].&#148;

 We expect the spin-off to be tax-free for all shareholders of
 EchoStar Communications Corporation, except for any cash
 received in lieu of fractional shares. To that end, we have
 requested a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service confirming
 that the spin-off will be tax free to shareholders of EchoStar
 Communications Corporation for U.S. federal income tax
 purposes. The spin-off is subject to certain customary
 conditions, including the receipt of any necessary regulatory
 approvals.

 The enclosed information statement, which is being mailed to all
 EchoStar Communications Corporation shareholders, describes the
 spin-off and contains important information about EchoStar
 Holding Corporation, including its historical and pro forma
 combined financial statements.

 We look forward to your continued support as a shareholder in
 both EchoStar Communications Corporation and EchoStar Holding
 Corporation.

 Sincerely,

 Charles W. Ergen

 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

 Table of Contents 

 EchoStar
 Holding Corporation 
 90
 Inverness Circle East 
 Englewood, Colorado 80112 

 Dear EchoStar Holding Corporation Shareholder:

 It is my pleasure to welcome you as a shareholder of our new
 company, EchoStar Holding Corporation. As an independent,
 publicly-traded company, we believe we can more effectively
 focus on our objectives and satisfy the strategic needs of our
 company. In addition, we will have the opportunity to offer our
 employees incentive opportunities linked to our performance as
 an independent, publicly-traded company, which we believe will
 enhance employee performance.

 EchoStar Holding Corporation intends to operate two primary
 businesses, a digital set-top box business and a fixed satellite
 services business:

 &#149; 
 
 Digital Set-Top Boxes. Our set-top box
 business designs, develops and distributes award-winning digital
 set-top boxes and related products for direct-to-home satellite
 service providers. In 2006, our set-top box business shipped
 over nine million set-top boxes. Most of these set-top boxes
 were sold to EchoStar Communications Corporation, but we also
 sold set-top boxes to Bell ExpressVu and other international
 customers.

 &#149; 
 
 Fixed Satellite Services. Our fixed satellite
 services business will be developed using the nine owned or
 leased in-orbit satellites and related FCC licenses, a network
 of seven full service digital broadcast centers, and leased
 fiber optic capacity with points of presence in approximately
 150 cities that will be contributed to us by EchoStar
 Communications Corporation. We expect that our primary customer
 will initially be EchoStar Communications Corporation. However,
 we will also lease capacity in the spot market and to government
 and enterprise customers.

 We have applied to list our Class A common stock on the
 Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol
 &#147;[ ].&#148;
 We currently expect that our Class A common stock will
 begin trading on January 2, 2008.

 I invite you to learn more about EchoStar Holding Corporation by
 reviewing the enclosed information statement. We thank you in
 advance for your support as a shareholder in EchoStar Holding
 Corporation.

 Sincerely,

 Charles W. Ergen

 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

 Table of Contents 

Information contained herein is subject to completion or
amendment. A registration statement on Form 10 relating to
these securities has been filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. 

 SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED
 DECEMBER 12, 2007 

 INFORMATION STATEMENT 

 ECHOSTAR HOLDING
 CORPORATION 

 90 Inverness Circle E. 

 Englewood, Colorado 80112 

 Class A Common Stock 

 Class B Common Stock 

 (par value $0.001 per share) 

 We are sending this information statement to you to describe the
 spin-off of EchoStar Holding Corporation. Prior to the spin-off
 described in this information statement, we were a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of EchoStar Communications Corporation, which we
 refer to as ECC. We are engaged in the design, development and
 distribution of set-top boxes, antennae and other equipment for
 the &#147;direct to home&#148; satellite television industry.
 Following the spin-off, we will also be engaged in the provision
 of fixed satellite transmission services. We expect that the
 spin-off will be tax-free to ECC shareholders for
 U.S. federal income tax purposes, except for any cash
 received in lieu of fractional shares. We have requested a
 ruling from the Internal Revenue Service confirming that the
 spin-off will be tax free to shareholders of EchoStar
 Communications Corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
 Immediately following the spin-off, ECC intends to change its
 name to &#147;DISH Network Corporation.&#148;

 For each share of ECC Class A common stock or ECC
 Class B common stock held by you as of 5:00 p.m.,
 New York City time, on December 27, 2007, the record
 date for the spin-off, you will receive 0.20 of a share of the
 same class of our common stock. The distribution of shares of
 our Class A common stock will be made in book-entry form,
 which means that no physical Class A stock certificates
 will be issued in the distribution. No fractional shares of
 EchoStar Holding Corporation Class A or Class B common
 stock will be issued. If as a result of the foregoing ratio you
 would be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of our
 Class A common stock, you will receive cash in lieu of such
 fractional share interest. We expect the shares of our
 Class A common stock and Class B common stock to be
 distributed by ECC to you on or about January 1, 2008,
 which we refer to as the distribution date.

 No vote of ECC&#146;s shareholders is required in connection
 with the spin-off. We are not asking you for a proxy and you are
 requested not to send us a proxy. No action is required of you
 to receive shares of our common stock, which means that:

 &#149; 
 
 you will not be required to pay for the shares of any class of
 our common stock that you receive in the spin-off, and

 &#149; 
 
 you do not need to surrender or exchange shares of any class of
 ECC common stock in order to receive shares of our common stock,
 or to take any other action in connection with the spin-off.

 There is no current trading market for any class of our common
 stock. We expect, however, that a limited trading market for our
 Class A common stock, commonly known as a &#147;when
 issued&#148; trading market, will develop shortly after the
 record date for the spin-off, and we expect &#147;regular
 way&#148; trading of our Class A common stock will begin
 the first trading day after the distribution date. We have
 applied to list our Class A common stock on the Nasdaq
 Global Select Market under the symbol
 &#147;[ ].&#148;
 We expect that our Class A common stock will begin trading
 on January 2, 2008. Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman and Chief
 Executive Officer, will immediately after the distribution date
 beneficially own approximately 50.0% of our outstanding equity
 and possess approximately 80.0% of the total voting power
 represented by all of our common stock, which is equivalent to
 his ownership and voting interests in ECC.

 In reviewing this information statement, you should carefully
 consider the matters described under the caption &#147;Risk
 Factors&#148; beginning on page 16. 

 Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state
 securities commission has approved or disapproved these
 securities or determined if this information statement is
 truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a
 criminal offense. 

 This information statement is not an offer to sell, or a
 solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities. 

 The date of this information statement is
 December [ ], 2007.

 TABLE OF
 CONTENTS 

 Page 

 SUMMARY 

 1

 RISK FACTORS 

 16

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING
 STATEMENTS 

 32

 THE SPIN-OFF 

 33

 SELECTED HISTORICAL AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
 COMBINED AND ADJUSTED FINANCIAL DATA 

 43

 UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED AND ADJUSTED
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

 45

 MANAGEMENT&#146;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 54

 PROPERTIES 

 74

 BUSINESS 

 75

 MANAGEMENT 

 89

 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
 AND MANAGMENT 

 104

 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY
 TRANSACTIONS 

 108

 CERTAIN INTERCOMPANY AGREEMENTS 

 109

 DESCRIPTION OF OUR CAPITAL STOCK 

 116

 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION
 MATTERS 

 118

 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 

 119

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL TABLES OF ECHOSTAR HOLDING
 CORPORATION 

 F-1

 INDEX TO STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS TO BE
 CONTRIBUTED BY ECHOSTAR COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION 

 F-30

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL TABLES OF SLING MEDIA,
 INC. 

 F-41

 i

 Table of Contents 

 SUMMARY 

 This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in
 this information statement and provides an overview of our
 company and the material aspects of our spin-off from ECC. It is
 intended for convenience only and should not be considered
 complete. You should read the entire information statement
 carefully, particularly the risk factors discussed beginning on
 page 16, and our combined audited and unaudited historical
 and unaudited pro forma financial statements and notes to those
 statements appearing elsewhere in this information statement.
 References in this information statement to
 (i) &#147;EHC,&#148; &#147;Spinco,&#148; &#147;we,&#148;
 &#147;our&#148; and &#147;us&#148; refer to EchoStar Holding
 Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, after giving
 effect to the spin-off and (ii) &#147;EchoStar
 Communications Corporation,&#148; &#147;ECC&#148; and &#147;DISH
 Network&#148; refer to EchoStar Communications Corporation and
 its consolidated subsidiaries, other than us, unless the context
 otherwise requires. The transaction in which we will be
 separated from ECC is sometimes referred to in this information
 statement as the &#147;separation,&#148; the
 &#147;distribution&#148; or the &#147;spin-off.&#146;&#146; 

 We describe in this information statement the businesses to
 be transferred to us by ECC in connection with the spin-off as
 if the transferred businesses were our businesses. However, we
 are a newly formed entity and we have not conducted any
 operations prior to the spin-off. Our historical and pro forma
 financial data included in this information statement may not be
 indicative of our future performance and does not necessarily
 reflect what our financial condition and results of operations
 would have been had we operated as a separate, stand-alone
 entity during the periods presented, particularly since changes
 will occur in our operations and capitalization as a result of
 our spin-off from ECC. 

 Our historical combined financial statements reflect the
 historical financial position and results of operations of
 entities included in the consolidated financial statements of
 ECC, representing almost exclusively ECC&#146;s set-top box
 business, using the historical results of operations and
 historical bases of assets and liabilities of this business. Our
 historical combined financial statements included herein reflect
 sales to ECC at cost and do not include certain satellites,
 uplink and satellite transmission assets, real estate and other
 assets and related liabilities that will be contributed to us by
 ECC in the spin-off. These assets and liabilities, which will
 primarily comprise our fixed satellite services business, have
 been separately audited and are included in the Statement of Net
 Assets to be Contributed by ECC and Unaudited Pro Forma Combined
 and Adjusted Financial Information included herein. The
 financial condition and results of operations of our fixed
 satellite services business have not been included in our
 historical combined financial statements because our fixed
 satellite services business was operated as an integral part of
 ECC&#146;s subscription television business and did not
 constitute a &#147;business&#148; in the historical financial
 statements of ECC. Our historical financial data also does not
 include financial information of Sling Media, Inc., which was
 recently acquired by ECC and will be contributed to us in the
 spin-off. Sling Media&#146;s audited consolidated financial
 statements are included elsewhere in this information statement,
 and its historical financial information also has been included
 in our Unaudited Pro Forma Combined and Adjusted Financial
 Information. 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 Our
 Business 

 We intend to operate two primary businesses, a digital set-top
 box business and a fixed satellite services business. We expect
 that the primary customer for each of these businesses initially
 will be ECC.

 Digital
 Set-Top 
 Boxes 

 Our set-top box business designs, develops and distributes
 award-winning digital set-top boxes and related products for
 direct-to-home satellite service providers. In 2006, our set-top
 box business shipped over nine million set-top boxes. Most of
 these set-top boxes were sold to ECC, but we also sold set-top
 boxes to Bell ExpressVu and other international customers. We
 currently employ over 700 engineers in our set-top box business.

 Fixed
 Satellite Services 

 Our fixed satellite services business will be developed using
 nine owned or leased in-orbit satellites and related FCC
 licenses, a network of seven full service digital broadcast
 centers, and leased fiber optic capacity

 1

 Table of Contents 

 with points of presence in approximately 150 cities. All of
 these assets and related contracted liabilities will be
 contributed to us in the spin-off. We expect that our primary
 customer initially will be ECC. However, we will also lease
 capacity in the spot market and to government and enterprise
 customers.

 Other
 Business Opportunities 

 ECC has entered into agreements to construct and launch an
 S-band satellite and to lease its transponder capacity to a Hong
 Kong joint venture, which in turn will sublease a portion of the
 transponder capacity to an affiliate of a Chinese governmental
 entity to support the development of satellite-delivered mobile
 video services in China. ECC has also recently completed several
 strategic investments and we intend to evaluate strategic
 development and investment opportunities both in the
 United States and in international markets. These
 investments of ECC will be transferred to us as part of the
 spin-off, and are part of our strategy to expand our business
 and support the development of new satellite-delivered services,
 such as mobile video services. The expertise we develop through
 these investments may also help us to improve and expand the
 services that we provide to our existing customers. However,
 these investments involve a high degree of risk and are
 concentrated in a few companies. The risks of these investments
 include, among other things, the risks that required regulatory
 approvals and other conditions may not be obtained or satisfied,
 that these companies may not be able to enter into distribution
 and other relationships, and that the companies in which we
 invest or with whom we partner may not be able to compete
 effectively in their markets or that there may be insufficient
 demand for the new services planned by these companies.

 Sling
 Media, Inc. 

 Sling Media, Inc. was acquired in October 2007 by ECC and will
 be transferred to us as part of the spin-off. Sling Media is the
 maker of the Slingbox, which allows consumers to watch and
 control their television programming at any time, from any
 location, using personal computers, personal digital assistants,
 smartphones and other digital media devices. This information
 statement includes historical financial statements and other
 information regarding Sling Media.

 Our
 Strategy 

 We intend to pursue the following key strategies:

 &#149; 
 
 Expand set-top box business to additional
 customers. We believe our separation from ECC may
 enhance our opportunities to sell set-top boxes to a broader
 group of multi-channel video distributors. Historically, certain
 multi-channel video distributors have perceived us as a
 competitor due to our affiliation with ECC. After the spin-off,
 we believe we could have opportunities to enter into commercial
 relationships with these multi-channel video distributors. There
 can be no assurance, however, that we will be successful in
 entering into any of these commercial relationships,
 particularly if we continue to be perceived as affiliated with
 ECC as a result of common ownership and related management.

 &#149; 
 
 Leverage satellite capacity and related
 infrastructure. Our fixed satellite services
 business has excess satellite and leased fiber capacity that we
 believe was in large part created through innovation and
 operational efficiencies at ECC. While we expect that ECC will
 initially be our primary customer for fixed satellite services,
 we believe market opportunities exist to utilize our capacity to
 provide digital video distribution, satellite-delivered IP,
 corporate communications and government services to a broader
 customer base.

 &#149; 
 
 Offer comprehensive network infrastructure
 solutions. We intend to leverage our over 700
 engineers to customize infrastructure solutions for a broader
 base of customers. For example, we could offer a customer the
 ability to deliver a fully integrated video programming delivery
 solution, incorporating our satellite and backhaul capacity,
 customized set-top boxes and network design and management
 services.

 &#149; 
 
 Capitalize on change in regulations. Changes
 in federal law and regulations applicable to the set-box
 industry may create opportunities for us to expand our business.

 &#149; 

 Digital transition. Congress has mandated that
 by February 2009 all network broadcasts be transmitted
 digitally, which will require households that receive
 over-the-air broadcast signals with an analog television to
 obtain a digital converter device. This digital converter device
 is a new product

 2

 Table of Contents 

 and we believe that we are in a position to develop and market
 devices that could allow us to effectively compete in this new
 market.

 &#149; 

 Removable security systems. The Federal
 Communications Commission, or FCC, mandated that by July 2007
 cable providers use removable security modules to provide
 conditional access security for television content. The FCC
 intends for this regulation to spur competition in the retail
 cable set-top box market, providing an even playing field
 between leased cable set-top boxes and retail-bought,
 cable-ready TVs and cable set-top box equipment. We believe this
 new regulation may create an opportunity for us to compete on a
 more level field in the domestic market for cable set-top boxes.

 &#149; 
 
 Exploit international opportunities. We
 believe that direct-to-home satellite service is particularly
 well-suited for countries without extensive cable
 infrastructure, and we intend to continue to try to secure new
 customer relationships from international direct-to-home
 satellite service providers.

 &#149; 
 
 Pursue strategic partnerships, joint ventures and
 acquisitions. We intend to selectively pursue
 partnerships, joint ventures and strategic acquisition
 opportunities that we believe may allow us to expand into new
 markets, broaden our portfolio of products or intellectual
 property, and strengthen our relationships with our customers.

 &#149; 
 
 Act on the set-top box replacement cycle. The
 broader adoption of high definition television by consumers will
 require more advanced compression and security technologies
 within set-top boxes. This may launch a replacement cycle,
 particularly among subscription television providers with
 substantial bases of legacy equipment, which may create
 additional market opportunities for us.

 Summary
 Risk Factors 

 An investment in our common stock involves risks associated
 with our business, the spin-off and ownership of our common
 stock. The following list of risk factors is not exhaustive.
 Please review and consider carefully the risks relating to these
 and other matters summarized below and described in greater
 detail under the section entitled &#147;Risk Factors&#148;
 beginning on page 16 of this information statement. 

 General
 Risks Affecting Our Business 

 &#149; 
 
 We may not realize the potential benefits that we expect from
 the spin-off. Certain of these benefits depend upon market
 acceptance of our separation from ECC which we cannot predict
 and which may be affected by significant common stock ownership
 by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer as well as
 interlocks between our management and board of directors. In
 addition, we will incur significant costs as a separate company,
 which may exceed our estimates. We will also incur some negative
 effects from our separation from ECC, including loss of access
 to ECC&#146;s financial resources.

 &#149; 
 
 We currently depend on ECC and Bell Express Vu for substantially
 all of our revenue, and the loss of, or a significant reduction
 in orders from, either of these two customers would
 significantly reduce our revenue and adversely impact our
 operating results. ECC accounted for over 80% of our revenue in
 each of the last three years and the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007 and it is under no obligation to remain
 our customer in the future.

 &#149; 
 
 We currently have substantial unused satellite capacity. Future
 costs associated with this excess capacity will negatively
 impact our margins if we do not generate revenue to offset these
 costs. In addition, because a substantial portion of the
 capacity of each of our AMC-15, AMC-16 and EchoStar IX
 satellites remains unused, there is a significant risk that in
 the future, in addition to reporting lower than expected
 revenues and profitability, we will be required to record a
 substantial impairment charge relating to one or more of these
 satellites. We currently estimate that these potential charges
 could aggregate up to $250 million, which, if incurred
 would have a material adverse effect on our reported operating
 results and financial position. Furthermore, it is possible that
 in 2008 ECC will discontinue the use of some or all of the
 capacity on one or more other satellites that it will initially
 lease from us. To the extent that this occurs and we are unable
 to find other customers to lease this additional anticipated
 excess capacity, we may be required to record substantial
 impairment charges that we currently estimate could aggregate up
 to $100 million.

 3

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 
 
 Our historical combined and pro forma financial information
 included in this information statement are not indicative of our
 future financial position, future results of operations or
 future cash flows, nor do they reflect what our financial
 position, results of operations or cash flows would have been as
 a stand-alone company during the periods presented. We were not
 profitable in the nine months ended September 30, 2007 and
 each of 2006, 2005 and 2004, as our operations have historically
 been dedicated primarily to support ECC and we provided our
 products and services to ECC at cost.

 &#149; 
 
 Our ability to decrease our losses or to generate revenues will
 depend in part on our ability to grow our business. This may
 require significant additional capital that may not be available
 to us. We may also use a significant portion of our existing
 cash and marketable securities to fund stock buyback programs.
 Our board of directors has approved a program in which we may
 repurchase up to $1.0 billion of our Class A common
 stock during 2008.

 &#149; 
 
 If ECC enters into a business combination transaction, or
 Mr. Ergen no longer controls a majority of the voting power
 of ECC or of us, our relationship with ECC could be terminated
 or substantially curtailed with little or no advance notice. Any
 material reduction in our sales to ECC as a result of a change
 in control of ECC would have a significant material adverse
 effect on our business and financial position.

 &#149; 
 
 Our future success may depend on our ability to identify and
 successfully exploit opportunities to acquire other businesses
 or technologies to complement, enhance or expand our current
 business or products or otherwise offer us growth opportunities.
 We may not be able to pursue these growth opportunities
 successfully.

 &#149; 
 
 We have entered into certain strategic transactions and
 investments in Asia and elsewhere, and we may increase our
 strategic investment activity in the United States and in
 international markets. These investments, which we believe could
 become substantial over time, involve a high degree of risk, are
 concentrated in a few companies and could expose us to
 significant financial losses if the underlying ventures are not
 successful. These investments may also cause us to defer or
 suspend share repurchases.

 &#149; 
 
 Our business relies on intellectual property, some of which is
 owned by third parties, and we may inadvertently infringe their
 patents and proprietary rights. We may be required to cease
 developing or marketing infringing products, to obtain licenses
 from the holders of the intellectual property at a material
 cost, or to redesign those products in such a way as to avoid
 infringing the patent claims of others.

 &#149; 
 
 Our businesses change rapidly as new technologies are developed.
 These new technologies may cause our services and products to
 become obsolete. Changes in existing technologies could also
 cause demand for our products and services to decline.

 Risks
 Affecting Our Set-Top Box Business 

 &#149; 
 
 We depend on sales of set-top boxes for nearly all of our
 revenue, and if sales of our set-top boxes decline, our business
 and financial position will suffer. The set-top box business is
 highly competitive and our ability to compete in this industry
 will depend substantially on our ability to develop and
 manufacture products and services at competitive costs,
 successfully bring new technologies to market and penetrate new
 markets for set-top boxes, including among customers such as
 cable television operators that are competitors of DISH Network
 and have historically been and may continue to be reluctant to
 deal with us. These potential customers also have well
 established relationships with other set-top box providers, such
 as Motorola and Cisco Systems, which acquired Scientific Atlanta
 in 2006.

 &#149; 
 
 Our commercial success in selling our set-top boxes to cable
 television operators depends significantly on our ability to
 obtain licenses to use the conditional access systems deployed
 by these operators in our set-top boxes. The owners of these
 conditional access systems are also in many cases competitors of
 ours. There can be no assurance we will be able to obtain such
 licenses on acceptable terms or at all.

 &#149; 
 
 In order to grow our revenue and business and to build a large
 customer base, we believe we will be required to increase our
 sales of set-top boxes in international markets. We have limited
 experience selling our set-top boxes internationally. To succeed
 in expanding these sales efforts, we believe we must hire
 additional sales personnel and develop and manage new
 relationships with cable operators and other providers of
 digital television in international markets.

 4

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 
 
 Our set-top boxes are extremely complex and can have defects in
 design, manufacture or associated software. We could incur
 significant expenses, lost revenue, and reputational harm if we
 fail to detect or effectively address such issues through
 design, testing or warranty repairs.

 &#149; 
 
 We obtain many components for our set-top boxes from a single
 supplier or a limited group of suppliers. Our reliance on a
 single or limited group of suppliers, particularly foreign
 suppliers, and our increasing reliance on subcontractors,
 involves several risks. These risks include a potential
 inability to obtain an adequate supply of required components,
 and reduced control over pricing, quality, and timely delivery
 of these components.

 &#149; 
 
 Future demand for our set-top boxes will depend significantly on
 the growing market acceptance of high definition television, or
 HDTV. The effective delivery of HDTV will depend on digital
 television operators developing and building infrastructure to
 provide wide-spread HDTV programming.

 &#149; 
 
 During April 2006, a jury concluded that certain of our digital
 video recorders, or DVRs, infringed a patent held by Tivo. If
 the Tivo jury verdict is upheld on appeal, to the extent that
 ECC does not indemnify us, we will be required to pay
 substantial damages
 and/or 
 license fees, and if we were not able to successfully implement
 alternative technology (including the successful defense of any
 challenge that such technology infringes Tivo&#146;s patent), we
 could also be prohibited from distributing DVRs, or be required
 to modify or eliminate certain user-friendly DVR features that
 we currently offer to consumers.

 Risks
 Affecting Our Fixed Satellite Services Business 

 &#149; 
 
 The fixed satellite services industry is highly competitive and
 is characterized by long-term leases and high switching costs.
 Therefore, it will be difficult to displace customers from their
 current relationships with our well-established competitors and
 we may face competition from others in the future.

 &#149; 
 
 Satellites are subject to significant operational risks while in
 orbit. While we believe that our satellite fleet is generally in
 good condition, certain satellites in our fleet have experienced
 malfunctions or anomalies, some of which have had a significant
 adverse impact on their commercial operation. There can be no
 assurance that we can recover critical transmission capacity in
 the event one or more of our in-orbit satellites were to fail.
 Therefore, the loss of a satellite or other satellite
 malfunctions or anomalies could have a material adverse effect
 on us.

 &#149; 
 
 We are subject to comprehensive governmental regulation by the
 FCC for our domestic satellite operations. We are also regulated
 by other federal agencies, state and local authorities and the
 International Telecommunication Union. Domestic and
 international regulations regarding the licensing, authorization
 and operations of satellite communications providers may
 restrict our fixed satellite services operations.

 &#149; 
 
 ECC has not historically carried and we do not anticipate
 carrying insurance for any of the in-orbit satellites that we
 will own.

 Risks
 Relating to the Spin-Off 

 &#149; 
 
 The allocation of assets, liabilities, rights, indemnifications
 and other obligations between ECC and us under the separation
 agreement and the related commercial and other agreements we
 will enter into with ECC may not reflect what two unaffiliated
 parties might have agreed to.

 &#149; 
 
 ECC has requested a private letter ruling from the Internal
 Revenue Service, or IRS, to the effect that, among other things,
 the spin-off, together with certain related transactions, will
 qualify for tax-free treatment under Sections 355 and
 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code. Although a private letter ruling
 relating to the qualification of the spin-off under
 Sections 355 and 368(a)(l)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code
 of 1986, as amended, generally will be binding on the IRS, the
 validity of such ruling, if obtained, will be subject to the
 accuracy of factual representations and assumptions made in the
 ruling request. If the spin-off does not qualify for tax-free
 treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then, in
 general, ECC would be subject to tax as if it had sold the
 common stock of our company in a taxable sale for its fair
 market value. ECC&#146;s shareholders would be subject to tax as
 if they had received a distribution equal to the fair market
 value of our common stock that was distributed to them, which
 would be treated as a taxable dividend to the extent of
 ECC&#146;s earnings and profits. It is expected that the amount
 of any such taxes to ECC and its shareholders would be
 substantial.

 5

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 
 
 Actual or perceived conflicts of interest may arise between ECC
 and us in a number of areas relating to our past and ongoing
 relationships, including: (i) cross officerships,
 directorships and stock ownership, (ii) intercompany
 transactions, (iii) intercompany agreements and
 (iv) business opportunities. In particular, Charles W.
 Ergen will be the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
 Board and will beneficially own approximately 50.0% of the total
 equity and control 80.0% of the total voting power, of each of
 ECC and us. Thus, Mr. Ergen will have the ability to elect
 a majority of ECC&#146;s and our directors and to control all
 other matters requiring the approval of ECC&#146;s and our
 shareholders.

 Risks
 Relating to our Common Stock and the Securities Market 

 &#149; 
 
 An active trading market may not develop or be sustained for our
 Class A common stock after the spin-off. In addition, the
 prices at which our Class A common stock may trade after
 the spin-off may decline or be subject to volatility.

 &#149; 
 
 We expect that some of our shareholders, including possibly some
 of our larger shareholders, will sell the Class A common
 stock that they receive in the spin-off because, among other
 reasons, our business profile or market capitalization as an
 independent, publicly-traded company do not fit their investment
 objectives. These sales may adversely affect the market price
 for our Class A common stock as well as the market
 perception of our business.

 &#149; 
 
 We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common
 stock. We intend to retain any earnings to finance the operation
 and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying
 any cash dividends in the future.

 Other
 Information 

 We are a Nevada corporation. Our principal executive offices are
 located at 90 Inverness Circle E., Englewood, Colorado 80112.
 Our telephone number is
 (303) 723-1000. 
 Our web site is
 &#147;[ ].&#148;
 Information contained on our web site does not and will not
 constitute a part of this information statement or the
 registration statement on Form 10 of which it is a part.

 6

 Table of Contents 

 Summary
 Historical and Unaudited Pro Forma Combined and Adjusted
 Financial Data 

 The following tables set forth our summary historical and
 unaudited pro forma combined and adjusted financial data. The
 summary historical combined financial data relating to our
 combined financial condition and results of operations for each
 of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended
 December 31, 2006 and the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007 and 2006 are derived from our historical
 combined financial statements for the corresponding periods
 included elsewhere in this information statement. The historical
 combined financial data for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007 and 2006 reflects, in our opinion, all
 adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments,
 necessary to fairly present the data for such interim periods.
 The data should be read in conjunction with our historical
 combined financial statements and &#147;Management&#146;s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations&#148; included elsewhere in this information
 statement.

 Our historical combined financial data included in this
 information statement may not be indicative of our future
 performance and does not necessarily reflect what our financial
 condition and results of operations would have been had we
 operated as a separate, stand-alone entity during the periods
 presented, particularly since changes will occur in our
 operations and capitalization as a result of our spin-off from
 ECC.

 Our historical combined financial statements reflect the
 historical financial position and results of operations of
 entities included in the consolidated financial statements of
 ECC, representing almost exclusively ECC&#146;s set-top box
 business, using the historical results of operations and
 historical bases of assets and liabilities of this business. Our
 historical combined financial statements included herein reflect
 sales to ECC at cost and do not include certain satellites,
 uplink and satellite transmission assets, real estate and other
 assets and related liabilities that will be contributed to us by
 ECC in the spin-off. These assets and liabilities, which will
 primarily comprise our fixed satellite services business, have
 been separately audited and are included in the &#147;Statement
 of Net Assets to be Contributed by ECC&#148; and &#147;Unaudited
 Pro Forma Combined and Adjusted Financial Information&#148;
 included herein. The financial condition and results of
 operations of our fixed satellite services business have not
 been included in our historical combined financial statements
 because our fixed satellite services business was operated as an
 integral part of ECC&#146;s subscription television business and
 did not constitute a &#147;business&#148; in the historical
 financial statements of ECC. Our historical financial data also
 does not include financial information of Sling Media, Inc.,
 which was recently acquired by ECC and will be contributed to us
 in the spin-off. Sling Media&#146;s audited consolidated
 financial statements are included elsewhere in this information
 statement, and its historical financial information also has
 been included in our &#147;Unaudited Pro Forma Combined and
 Adjusted Financial Information.&#148;

 The unaudited pro forma combined financial data included herein
 has been adjusted to give effect to, among other things, the
 contribution of certain net assets to us, the distribution of
 our common stock by ECC to its shareholders and the contribution
 to us of Sling Media. The assumptions used and pro forma
 adjustments derived from such assumptions are based on currently
 available information and we believe such assumptions are
 reasonable under the circumstances. Further information
 regarding the pro forma adjustments can be found under the
 caption &#147;Unaudited Pro Forma Combined and Adjusted
 Financial Information&#148; in this information statement.

 The unaudited pro forma combined financial data presented for
 the year ended December 31, 2006 and as of and for the nine
 months ended September 30, 2007 are derived from our
 unaudited pro forma combined and adjusted financial information.
 The data should be read in conjunction with our &#147;Selected
 Combined Financial Data,&#148; &#147;Unaudited Pro Forma
 Combined and Adjusted Financial Information,&#148; and
 &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations&#148; included elsewhere in
 this information statement. The unaudited pro forma combined
 financial statements are not indicative of our future
 performance and do not necessarily reflect what our financial
 condition and results of operations would have been had the
 spin-off been completed on the dates assumed. Also, they may not
 reflect the results of operations or financial condition which
 would have resulted had we operated as a separate, stand-alone
 entity during the periods presented.

 7

 Table of Contents 

 For the Nine Months 

 Ended September 30, 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 Statements of Operations Data: 

 Pro Forma 

 2007 

 2006 

 Pro Forma 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 Revenue

 $

 1,592,381

 $

 1,182,768

 $

 1,132,899

 $

 2,080,259

 $

 1,525,320

 $

 1,513,691

 $

 1,720,091

 Operating expenses

 1,606,709

 1,222,936

 1,152,875

 2,058,924

 1,562,767

 1,546,755

 1,760,714

 Operating income (loss)

 $

 (14,328

 )

 $

 (40,168

 )

 $

 (19,976

 )

 $

 21,335

 $

 (37,447

 )

 $

 (33,064

 )

 $

 (40,623

 )

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (9,296

 )

 $

 (39,943

 )

 $

 (20,486

 )

 $

 104,835

 $

 (34,162

 )

 $

 (44,940

 )

 $

 (43,237

 )

 Pro forma earnings per share: 

 Basic

 $

 (0.10

 )

 $

 1.17

 Diluted

 $

 (0.10

 )

 $

 1.16

 Pro forma shares outstanding: 

 Basic

 89,699

 89,699

 Diluted

 90,056

 90,056

 For the Nine Months 

 Ended September 30, 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 

 Cash Flow Data: 

 2007 

 2006 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands) 

 Net cash flows from: 

 Operating activities

 $

 (34,276

 )

 $

 (3,780

 )

 $

 (36,374

 )

 $

 (14,193

 )

 $

 (78,916

 )

 Investing activities

 $

 (160,236

 )

 $

 (75,953

 )

 $

 (54,781

 )

 $

 (16,700

 )

 $

 (5,619

 )

 Financing activities

 $

 198,625

 $

 91,176

 $

 104,534

 $

 39,782

 $

 69,715

 As of September 30, 

 2007 

 As of December 31, 

 Balance Sheet Data: 

 Pro Forma 

 2007 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands) 

 Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities

 $

 1,538,516

 $

 530,753

 $

 323,576

 $

 106,109

 $

 143,437

 Total assets

 $

 3,837,454

 $

 919,624

 $

 517,821

 $

 229,392

 $

 277,843

 Long-term debt (including current portion)

 $

 389,137

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 495

 $

 647

 Net investment in EHC

 $

 3,242,225

 $

 863,768

 $

 502,283

 $

 217,132

 $

 258,452

 8

 Table of Contents 

 Summary
 of the Spin-Off 

 The following is a brief summary of the terms of the spin-off.

 Distributing Company 

 EchoStar Communications Corporation, a Nevada corporation. After
 the distribution, EchoStar Communications Corporation will not
 own any shares of common stock of EchoStar Holding Corporation. 

 Separated Company 

 EchoStar Holding Corporation, a Nevada corporation and a
 wholly-owned subsidiary of ECC. After the distribution, EchoStar
 Holding Corporation will be an independent, publicly-traded
 company. However, all of ECC&#146;s directors after the
 distribution, except James DeFranco, Cantey Ergen and Gary S.
 Howard, will also be directors of EHC. Charles W. Ergen, our
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will continue to be the
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ECC. In addition,
 certain executive officers of ECC will also serve as our
 executive officers. Based on Mr. Ergen&#146;s ownership as
 of November 30, 2007, Mr. Ergen will beneficially own
 approximately 50.0% of the total equity and approximately 80.0%
 of the total voting power of each of ECC and us. 

 Primary purposes of the spin-off 

 The board of directors of ECC believes that creating
 independent, focused companies is the best way to realize the
 full value of ECC&#146;s businesses. The board of directors of
 ECC considered the following potential benefits, among others,
 in making its determination to consummate the spin-off: 

 &#149; creating effective management incentives tied to
 each of EHC and ECC&#146;s performance and increasing the
 ability to attract and retain personnel; 

 &#149; creating opportunities to effectively develop and
 finance expansion plans; 

 &#149; creating separate companies that have different
 financial characteristics, which may appeal to different
 investor bases; and 

 &#149; allowing each company to separately pursue the
 business strategies that best suit its long-term interest. 

 The board of directors of ECC also considered the costs and
 risks associated with the spin-off. The board of directors of
 ECC considered, among other factors: 

 &#149; the potential negative impact on ECC&#146;s credit
 ratings as a result of the divestiture of assets that will be
 contributed to us; 

 &#149; the possibility that either we or ECC may experience
 disruptions in our respective businesses as a result of the
 spin-off; 

 &#149; the risk that the combined trading prices of our
 Class A common stock and ECC&#146;s Class A common
 stock after the spin-off may be lower than the trading price of
 ECC&#146;s Class A common stock before the spin-off; 

 &#149; actual or perceived conflicts of interest that may
 arise between ECC and us in a number of areas relating to our
 past and ongoing relationships, including: (i) cross
 officerships, directorships and stock ownership,
 (ii) intercompany transactions, (iii) intercompany
 agreements and (iv) business opportunities; 

 &#149; the loss of synergies from operating as one company;
 and 

 &#149; the additional legal, accounting, administrative and
 other costs that we would incur as a separate, publicly-traded
 company. 

 9

 Table of Contents 

 In view of the variety of factors considered by the ECC board of
 directors in connection with the evaluation of the spin-off and
 the complexity of these matters, the ECC board of directors did
 not find it useful to, and did not attempt to, quantify, rank or
 otherwise assign relative weights to the factors considered. The
 board of directors of ECC concluded that considered in the
 aggregate the potential benefits of the spin-off outweigh the
 potential negative factors, and that separating the non-core
 business of ECC from ECC in the form of a tax-free distribution
 to ECC shareholders is appropriate, advisable and in the best
 interests of ECC and its shareholders. 

 Conditions to the spin-off 

 The spin-off is subject to the satisfaction or waiver by ECC
 under the separation agreement of the following conditions: 

 &#149; the Securities and Exchange Commission shall have
 declared effective our registration statement on Form 10
 and no stop order shall be in effect; 

 &#149; all permits, registrations and consents required
 under the securities or blue sky laws in connection with the
 spin-off shall have been received; 

 &#149; ECC shall have received the opinion of
 White &#038; Case LLP confirming the tax-free status of the
 spin-off and certain related transactions for U.S. federal
 income tax purposes on the distribution date; 

 &#149; the listing of our Class A common stock on the
 Nasdaq Global Select Market shall have been approved; 

 &#149; all material governmental approvals and other
 consents necessary to consummate the distribution shall have
 been received; and 

 &#149; no order, injunction or decree issued by any court
 of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or
 prohibition preventing consummation of the distribution or any
 of the transactions related thereto shall be in effect. 

 The fulfillment of the foregoing conditions will not create any
 obligation on ECC&#146;s part to effect the spin-off. ECC has
 the right not to complete the spin-off if, at any time,
 ECC&#146;s board of directors determines, in its sole
 discretion, that the spin-off is not in the best interests of
 ECC or its shareholders, or that market conditions are such that
 it is not advisable to separate EHC from ECC. 

 Securities to be Distributed 

 Shares of EHC Class A common stock and Class B common
 stock will constitute all of the outstanding shares of our
 common stock immediately after the distribution. We expect the
 shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common
 stock to be distributed by ECC to you, based on the same class
 of ECC common stock that you own, on or about January 1,
 2008, which we refer to as the distribution date.
 Charles Ergen, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,
 will, immediately after the distribution date, beneficially own
 approximately 50.0% of our equity and possess approximately
 80.0% of the total voting power represented by our common stock. 

 Distribution Ratio 

 For each share of ECC Class A common stock or ECC
 Class B common stock held by you as of 5:00 p.m., New
 York City time, on December 27, 2007, the record date for
 the spin-off, you will 

 10

 Table of Contents 

 receive 0.20 of a share of the same class of our common stock.
 Please note that if you sell your shares of Class A common
 stock of ECC after the record date but before the distribution
 date, the buyer of those shares will be entitled to receive the
 shares of our Class A common stock issuable in respect of
 the shares sold. If as a result of the foregoing ratio you would
 be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of our Class A
 common stock, you will receive cash in lieu of such fractional
 share interest. The distribution of shares will be made in
 book-entry form. 

 Record Date 

 The record date is December 27, 2007. 

 Distribution Date 

 The distribution date is expected to be January 1, 2008. 

 Trading Market and Symbol 

 We have applied to list our Class A common stock on the
 Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol
 &#147;[ ].&#148;
 We anticipate that, on or prior to the distribution date, a
 limited market for our Class A common stock, commonly known
 as a &#147;when issued&#148; trading market, will develop, and
 we expect &#147;regular way&#148; trading of our Class A
 common stock will begin the first trading day after the
 distribution date. 

 Tax Consequences to Shareholders 

 ECC shareholders are not expected to recognize any gain or loss
 for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the
 spin-off, except for any gain or loss attributable to the
 receipt of cash in lieu of a fractional share of our
 Class A common stock. See &#147;The Spin-Off &#151;
 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
 Spin-Off&#148; for a more detailed description of the U.S.
 federal income tax consequences of the spin-off. 

 Each shareholder is urged to consult his, her or its tax
 advisor as to the specific tax consequences of the spin-off to
 that shareholder, including the effect of any state, local or
 U.S. tax laws and of changes in applicable tax laws. 

 Relationship with ECC after the Separation 

 We will enter into a separation agreement and other agreements
 with ECC to effect the spin-off and provide a framework for our
 relationship with ECC after the distribution. These agreements
 generally expire after two years and will govern our
 relationship with ECC subsequent to the completion of the
 spin-off and provide for the allocation between us and ECC of
 certain of ECC&#146;s assets, liabilities and obligations
 attributable to the period prior to our separation from ECC. The
 separation agreement, in particular, establishes the amount of
 cash and indebtedness that each company initially will retain
 and incur. For a discussion of these arrangements, see
 &#147;Certain Intercompany Agreements &#151; Agreements
 with ECC,&#148; included elsewhere in this information statement. 

 Dividend Policy 

 We presently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to
 finance the expansion of our businesses and to conduct a
 possible stock-buyback of up to $1.0 billion. As a result,
 we do not expect to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable
 future. All decisions regarding the payment of dividends by our
 company will be made by our board of directors from time to time
 in accordance with applicable law. 

 11

 Table of Contents 

 Questions
 and Answers about the Spin-Off 

 The following is a brief summary of the terms of the spin-off.
 Please see &#147;The Spin-Off&#148; for a more detailed
 description of the matters described below.

 Q: 

 What is the spin-off? 

 A: 

 The spin-off is the method by which ECC will separate its
 existing business segments into two independent, publicly-traded
 companies. In the spin-off, ECC will distribute to its
 shareholders as of the distribution date all of the shares of
 our Class A common stock and Class B common stock that
 it owns. Following the spin-off, we will be a separate company
 from ECC, and ECC will not retain any ownership interest in us.
 The number of shares of ECC common stock you own will not change
 as a result of the spin-off. 

 Q: 

 What is being distributed in the spin-off? 

 A: 

 Approximately 42.0 million shares of our Class A
 common stock and 47.7 million shares of our Class B
 common stock will be distributed in the spin-off, based upon the
 number of shares of ECC Class A common stock and ECC
 Class B common stock outstanding on the record date. The
 shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common
 stock to be distributed by ECC will constitute all of the issued
 and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and
 Class B common stock immediately after the distribution.
 For more information on the shares being distributed in the
 spin-off, see &#147;Description of Our Capital Stock &#151;
 Our Class A Common Stock&#148; and &#147;Description of Our
 Capital Stock &#151; Our Class B Common Stock&#148;
 beginning on page 116 of this information statement. 

 Q: 

 What will I receive in the spin-off? 

 A: 

 Holders of ECC Class A common stock will receive a dividend
 of 0.20 of a share of our Class A common stock for each
 share of ECC Class A common stock held by them on the
 record date, and holders of ECC Class B common stock will
 receive a dividend of 0.20 of a share of our Class B common
 stock for every share of ECC Class B common stock held by
 them on the record date. As a result of the spin-off, your
 proportionate interest in ECC will not change and you will own
 the same percentage of equity securities and voting power in EHC
 as you previously did in ECC. For a more detailed description,
 see &#147;The Spin-Off.&#148; 

 Q: 

 What is the record date for the distribution? 

 A: 

 Record ownership will be determined as of 5:00 p.m., New
 York City time on December 27, 2007 which we refer to as
 the record date. 

 Q: 

 When will the distribution occur? 

 A: 

 We expect that shares of our Class A common stock and
 Class B common stock will be distributed by the
 distribution agent, on behalf of ECC, on or about
 January 1, 2008, which we refer to as the distribution date. 

 Q: 

 What will the relationship between EchoStar Communications
 Corporation and EchoStar Holding Corporation be following the
 spin-off? 

 A: 

 After the spin-off, ECC will not own any shares of our common
 stock and we will not own any shares of ECC common stock. Five
 of our directors after the distribution will also be directors
 of ECC, and our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer will
 continue to serve as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
 ECC. In addition, in connection with the spin-off, we and ECC
 are entering into a number of agreements that will govern our
 spin-off from ECC and our future relationship. We cannot assure
 you that these agreements will be on terms as favorable to us as
 agreements with unaffiliated parties. See &#147;Certain
 Intercompany Agreements.&#148; In addition, if we acquire
 knowledge of a potential transaction or matter which may be a
 corporate opportunity for both us and ECC, our mutual officers
 and directors are only required to first present the opportunity
 to us if (A) we have expressed an interest in such
 corporate opportunity as evidenced by resolutions appearing in
 the minutes of our board of directors; (B) such 

 12

 Table of Contents 

 potential corporate opportunity was expressly offered to one of
 our directors or officers solely in his or her capacity as a
 director or officer of us or as a director or officer of any
 subsidiary of us; and (C) such opportunity relates to a
 line of business in which we or any subsidiary of us is then
 directly engaged. See &#147;Description of Our Capital
 Stock &#151; Provisions of Our Articles of Incorporation
 Relating to Related-Party Transactions and Corporate
 Opportunities.&#148; 

 Q: 

 What do I have to do to participate in the
 spin-off? 

 A: 

 No action is required on your part. Shareholders of ECC on the
 record date for the distribution are not required to pay any
 cash or deliver any other consideration, including any shares of
 ECC common stock, for the shares of our common stock
 distributable to them in the spin-off. 

 Q: 

 If I sell, on or before the distribution date, shares of
 ECC Class A common stock that I held on the record date, am
 I still entitled to receive shares of EHC Class A common
 stock distributable with respect to the shares of ECC
 Class A common stock I sold? 

 A: 

 No. No ex-dividend market will be established for our
 Class A common stock until the first trading day following
 the distribution date. Therefore, if you own shares of ECC
 Class A common stock on the record date and thereafter sell
 those shares on or prior to the distribution date, you will also
 be selling the shares of our Class A common stock that
 would have been distributed to you in the spin-off with respect
 to the shares of ECC Class A common stock you sell. 

 Q: 

 How will fractional shares be treated in the
 spin-off? 

 A: 

 If you would be entitled to receive a fractional share of
 Class A common stock in the spin-off, you will instead
 receive a cash payment. See &#147;The Spin-Off &#151;
 Treatment of Fractional Shares&#148; for an explanation of how
 the cash payments will be determined. 

 Q: 

 How will ECC distribute shares of EHC common stock to
 me? 

 A: 

 Holders of shares of ECC&#146;s Class A or Class B
 common stock on the record date will receive shares of the same
 class of our common stock, in book-entry form. See &#147;The
 Spin-Off &#151; Manner of Effecting the Spin-Off&#148; for
 a more detailed explanation. 

 Q: 

 What is the reason for the spin-off? 

 A: 

 The potential benefits considered by ECC&#146;s board of
 directors in making the determination to consummate the spin-off
 included the following: 

 &#149; 

 The spin-off is expected to allow the creation of effective
 management incentives tied to each of EHC&#146;s and ECC&#146;s
 respective performance, increasing the ability to attract and
 retain personnel.

 &#149; 

 The spin-off is expected to create opportunities to effectively
 develop and finance expansion plans of each independent company.

 &#149; 

 The spin-off is expected to allow the creation of separate
 companies that have different financial characteristics, which
 may appeal to different investor bases, which could enhance the
 ability of each company to raise capital to fund its growth
 plans and initiatives.

 &#149; 

 The spin-off is expected to allow each company to separately
 pursue the business strategies that best suit its long-term
 interests.

 The board of directors of ECC also considered the costs and
 risks associated with the spin-off. The board of directors of
 ECC considered, among other factors, the following: 

 &#149; 

 The potential negative impact on ECC&#146;s credit ratings as a
 result of the divestiture of assets that will be contributed to
 us.

 &#149; 

 The possibility that either we or ECC may experience disruptions
 in our respective businesses as a result of the spin-off.

 13

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 

 The risk that the combined trading prices of our Class A
 common stock and ECC&#146;s Class A common stock after the
 spin-off may be lower than the trading price of ECC&#146;s
 Class A common stock before the spin-off.

 &#149; 

 Actual or perceived conflicts of interest that may arise between
 ECC and us in a number of areas relating to our past and ongoing
 relationships, including: (i) cross officerships,
 directorships and stock ownership, (ii) intercompany
 transactions, (iii) intercompany agreements and
 (iv) business opportunities.

 &#149; 

 The loss of synergies from operating as one company.

 &#149; 

 The additional legal, accounting, administrative and other costs
 that would be incurred by us as a separate, publicly-traded
 company.

 In view of the variety of factors considered by the ECC board of
 directors in connection with the evaluation of the spin-off and
 the complexity of these matters, the ECC board of directors did
 not find it useful to, and did not attempt to, quantify, rank or
 otherwise assign relative weights to the factors considered. The
 board of directors of ECC concluded that considered in the
 aggregate, the potential benefits of the spin-off outweigh the
 potential negative factors, and that separating the non-core
 business of ECC from ECC in the form of a tax-free distribution
 to ECC shareholders is appropriate, advisable and in the best
 interests of ECC and its shareholders. 

 Q: 

 What are the federal income tax consequences to me of the
 spin-off? 

 A: 

 ECC has requested a private letter ruling from the IRS, and the
 spin-off is conditioned upon the receipt by ECC of the opinion
 of White &#038; Case LLP on the distribution date (which
 condition ECC may waive), in each case, substantially to the
 effect that the spin-off, together with certain related
 transactions, will qualify as reorganizations under
 Sections 355 and 368(a)(l)(D) of the Code and that,
 accordingly, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, no gain or
 loss will be recognized by, and no amount will be included in
 the income of, a holder of ECC common stock upon the receipt of
 shares of our common stock pursuant to the spin-off. A holder of
 ECC common stock will generally recognize gain or loss with
 respect to cash received in lieu of a fractional share of our
 common stock. 

 Please see &#147;The Spin-Off &#151; Material U.S. Federal
 Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off&#148; and
 &#147;Risk Factors &#151; Risks Relating to the
 Spin-Off &#151; The spin-off could result in significant
 tax liability&#148; for more information regarding the private
 letter ruling and the tax opinion and the potential tax
 consequences to you of the spin-off.

 Q: 

 Does EHC intend to pay cash dividends? 

 A: 

 No. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any,
 to finance the expansion of our businesses. As a result, we do
 not expect to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future.
 All decisions regarding the payment of dividends by our company
 will be made by our board of directors from time to time in
 accordance with applicable law. 

 Q: 

 How will EHC common stock trade? 

 A: 

 Currently, there is no public market for our common stock. We
 have applied to list our Class A common stock on the Nasdaq
 Global Select Market under the symbol
 &#147; &#148;. 

 We anticipate that trading will commence on a when-issued basis
 shortly before the record date. When-issued trading in the
 context of a spin-off refers to a transaction effected on or
 before the distribution date and made conditionally because the
 securities of the spun off entity have not yet been distributed.
 When-issued trades generally settle within three days after the
 distribution date. On the first trading day following the
 distribution date, any when-issued trading in respect of our
 Class A common stock will end and regular way trading will
 begin. Regular way trading refers to trading after the security
 has been distributed and typically involves a trade that settles
 on the third full trading day following the date of the sale
 transaction. We cannot predict the trading prices for our common
 stock before or after the distribution date.

 Q: 

 Will the spin-off and distribution affect the trading
 price of my ECC Class A common stock? 

 14

 Table of Contents 

 A: 

 Yes. After the distribution of EHC Class A common stock,
 the trading price of ECC Class A common stock may be lower
 than the trading price of the ECC Class A common stock
 immediately prior to the distribution. Moreover, until the
 market has evaluated the operations of ECC without the
 operations of EHC, the trading price of ECC Class A common
 stock may fluctuate significantly. ECC believes the separation
 of EHC from ECC offers its shareholders the greatest long-term
 value. However, the combined trading prices of ECC Class A
 common stock and EHC Class A common stock after the
 spin-off may be lower than the trading price of ECC Class A
 common stock prior to the spin-off. See &#147;Risk Factors&#148;
 beginning on page 16. 

 Q: 

 Do I have appraisal rights? 

 A: 

 No. Holders of ECC common stock are not entitled to
 appraisal rights in connection with the spin-off. 

 Q: 

 Who is the transfer agent for your common stock? 

 A: 

 Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
 250 Royall Street 
 Canton, MA 02021 

 Q: 

 Where can I get more information? 

 A: 

 If you have questions relating to the mechanics of the
 distribution of shares of EHC common stock, you should contact
 the distribution agent: 

 Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
 250 Royall Street 
 Canton, MA 02021 
 Tel:
 781-575-2879 

 Before the spin-off, if you have questions relating to the
 spin-off, you should contact:

 EchoStar Communications Corporation 
 Attn: Corporate Communications 
 9601 S. Meridian Boulevard 
 Englewood, Colorado 80112 
 Tel:
 720-514-5351 

 After the spin-off, if you have questions relating to EHC, you
 should contact:

 EchoStar Holding Corporation 
 Attn: Corporate Communications 
 90 Inverness Circle E. 
 Englewood, Colorado 80112 
 Tel:
 303-723-1000 

 15

 Table of Contents 

 RISK
 FACTORS 

 The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only
 ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are
 unaware of or that we currently believe to be immaterial also
 may become important factors that affect us. This
 information statement also contains forward-looking statements
 that involve risks and uncertainties. See &#147;Cautionary
 Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements.&#148; 

 If any of the following events occur, our business, financial
 condition or results of operation could be materially and
 adversely affected .

 General
 Risks Affecting Our Business 

 We may
 not realize the potential benefits from the
 spin-off. 

 We may not realize the potential benefits that we expect from
 the spin-off which are described elsewhere in this information
 statement. Certain of these benefits depend upon market
 acceptance of our separation from ECC which we cannot predict
 and which may be affected by the significant common stock
 ownership by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, as well
 as interlocks between our management and board of directors. In
 addition, we will incur significant costs, including those
 described elsewhere in this information statement, which may
 exceed our estimates. We will also incur some negative effects
 from our separation from ECC, including loss of access to
 ECC&#146;s financial resources.

 We
 currently depend on ECC and Bell ExpressVu for substantially all
 of our revenue and ECC accounted for over 80% of our revenue in
 the nine months ended September 30, 2007 and each of 2006,
 2005 and 2004; the loss of, or a significant reduction in orders
 from, either of ECC or Bell ExpressVu would significantly reduce
 our revenue and adversely impact our operating
 results. 

 ECC accounted for approximately 86.2%, 84.5%, 85.6% and 89.7% of
 our revenue in the nine months ended September 30, 2007 and
 in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. In addition, Bell
 ExpressVu accounted for approximately 10.0%, 12.2%, 11.4% and
 7.3% of our revenue in the nine months ended September 30,
 2007 and in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Any reduction in
 sales to ECC or Bell ExpressVu would have a significant negative
 impact on our business. Moreover, because our sales to these
 customers are made pursuant to standard purchase orders, these
 customers have no future obligation to purchase set-top boxes
 from us and existing orders may be cancelled or reduced on short
 notice. Cancellations or reductions may be more frequent once we
 are separated from ECC. Cancellations or reductions of customer
 orders could result in the loss of anticipated sales without
 allowing us sufficient time to reduce our inventory and
 operating expenses. In addition, the timing of orders from these
 two customers could vary significantly depending on equipment
 promotions these customers offer to their subscribers, changes
 in technology, and their use of remanufactured set-top boxes,
 which may cause our revenue to vary significantly quarter over
 quarter and could expose us to the risks of inventory shortages
 or excess inventory. These inventory risks are particularly
 acute during end product transitions in which a new generation
 of set-top boxes is being deployed and inventory of older
 generation set-top boxes is at a higher risk of obsolescence.
 This in turn could cause our operating results to fluctuate
 significantly.

 In addition, because substantially all of our revenue is tied to
 ECC and Bell ExpressVu, our success also depends to a
 significant degree on the continued success of ECC and Bell
 ExpressVu in attracting new subscribers or in marketing
 programming packages to subscribers that will require the
 purchase of new set-top boxes.

 There is a relatively small number of potential new customers
 for our set-top boxes and fixed satellite services, and we
 expect this customer concentration to continue for the
 foreseeable future. Therefore, our operating results will likely
 continue to depend on sales to a relatively small number of
 customers, as well as the continued success of these customers.
 In addition, we may from time to time enter into customer
 agreements providing for exclusivity periods during which we may
 sell a specified product only to that customer. If we do not
 develop relationships with new customers, we may not be able to
 expand our customer base or maintain or increase our revenue.

 16

 Table of Contents 

 We
 currently have substantial unused satellite capacity; our
 results of operations could be materially adversely affected if
 we are not able to utilize all of this capacity. 

 While we are currently evaluating various opportunities to make
 profitable use of our satellite capacity (including, but not
 limited to, supplying satellite capacity for new international
 ventures), we do not have firm plans to utilize all of our
 satellite capacity. In addition, there can be no assurance that
 we can successfully develop the business opportunities we
 currently plan to pursue with this capacity. Future costs
 associated with our excess satellite capacity will negatively
 impact our margins if we do not generate revenue to offset the
 costs of this capacity.

 In addition, we currently have leased minimal capacity on our
 two leased satellites, AMC-15 and AMC-16, and have substantial
 unleased capacity on one of our owned satellites,
 EchoStar IX. Each of our satellites, must be reviewed for
 possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
 indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. In
 the event that we are unsuccessful in marketing capacity on
 these satellite assets and do not achieve sufficient utilization
 and prices, in addition to reporting lower than expected
 revenues and profitability, we will be required to record a
 substantial impairment charge relating to one or more of these
 satellites. We currently estimate that these potential charges
 could aggregate up to $250 million, which, if incurred
 would have a material adverse effect on our reported operating
 results and financial position. Furthermore, it is possible that
 in 2008 ECC will discontinue the use of some or all of the
 capacity on one or more other satellites that it will initially
 lease from us. To the extent that this occurs and we are unable
 to lease this additional anticipated excess capacity, we may be
 required to record additional substantial impairment charges
 that we currently estimate could aggregate up to
 $100 million.

 Our
 historical combined and pro forma financial information included
 in this information statement are not necessarily indicative of
 our future financial position, future results of operations or
 future cash flows nor do they reflect what our financial
 position, results of operations or cash flows would have been as
 a stand-alone company during the periods
 presented. 

 The historical and pro forma combined financial information
 included in this information statement do not reflect the
 financial condition, results of operations or cash flows we
 would have achieved as an independent publicly-traded company
 during the periods presented or those results we will achieve in
 the future. This is primarily a result of the following factors:

 &#149; 
 
 We have never been profitable as the majority of our operations
 have historically been in support of ECC and we provided our
 products and services to ECC at cost. We cannot assure you that
 we can achieve or sustain profitability, or that we can grow our
 business profitably or at all.

 &#149; 
 
 The financial condition and results of operations of our fixed
 satellite services business are reflected only in our pro forma
 combined financial information included herein, and not in our
 historical combined financial information included herein,
 because our fixed satellite services business was operated as an
 integral part of ECC&#146;s subscription television business and
 did not constitute a &#147;business&#148; in the historical
 financial statements of ECC.

 &#149; 
 
 Our plans with respect to the fixed satellite services business
 are being developed.

 &#149; 
 
 Sling Media is a recent acquisition and we have never operated
 that business.

 &#149; 
 
 Our historical and pro forma combined financial results reflect
 allocations of corporate expenses from ECC. Those allocations
 may be different from the comparable expenses we would have
 incurred had we operated as an independent publicly-traded
 company.

 &#149; 
 
 Our working capital requirements and capital required for our
 general corporate purposes historically have been satisfied as
 part of the corporate-wide cash management policies of ECC.
 Subsequent to the spin-off, ECC will not be required to provide
 us with funds to finance our working capital or other cash
 requirements. Without the opportunity to obtain financing from
 ECC, we may in the future need to obtain additional financing
 from banks, or through public offerings or private placements of
 debt or equity securities, strategic relationships or other
 arrangements. Such financing may not be available to us on

 17

 Table of Contents 

 acceptable terms, or at all. We may have a credit rating that is
 lower than ECC&#146;s credit rating and may incur debt on terms
 and at interest rates that will not be as favorable as those
 historically enjoyed by ECC.

 &#149; 
 
 Significant changes may occur in our cost structure, management,
 financing and business operations as a result of our operating
 as an independent public company.

 The
 acquisition of EchoStar Communication Corporation by a third
 party could have a material adverse effect on our business and
 financial position. 

 Our sales to ECC accounted for approximately 86.2%, 84.5%, 85.6%
 and 89.7% of our revenue in the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007 and in 2006, 2005 and 2004,
 respectively. Because sales to ECC following the spin-off will
 primarily be made pursuant to short-term contracts, ECC will
 have no obligation to continue to purchase our principal
 products and services following the spin-off. Therefore, if ECC
 enters into a business combination transaction, or
 Mr. Ergen no longer controls a majority of the voting power
 of ECC or of us, our relationship with ECC could be terminated
 or substantially curtailed with little or no advance notice. Any
 material reduction in our sales to ECC would have a significant
 adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
 financial position.

 Furthermore, because there are a relatively small number of
 potential customers for our products and services, if we lose
 ECC as a customer, it will be difficult for us to obtain
 alternative customer relationships that would replace our
 historical revenues from ECC.

 We may
 not be able to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms or
 at all in order to grow and to increase earnings. 

 Our ability to increase earnings will depend in part on our
 ability to grow our business. While we expect to satisfy our
 need for funds to meet our growth plans to be satisfied from
 cash and marketable investment securities to be contributed to
 us in connection with the spin-off, cash we generate from
 operations and future financings, we cannot assure you that we
 will generate sufficient cash from operations or that additional
 financing will be available on acceptable terms, or at all, if
 needed in the future.

 In addition, we currently have contracts to construct, and
 conditional licenses and pending FCC applications for, a number
 of Ku-band,
 Ka-band and
 extended Ku-band satellites. We may need to raise additional
 capital to construct, launch, and insure these satellites.
 Depending on market conditions and our results of operations and
 financial condition we may not be able to raise such additional
 capital on acceptable terms or at all. We also periodically
 evaluate various strategic initiatives, the pursuit of which
 also could require us to raise significant additional capital.
 We may also use a significant portion of our existing cash to
 fund a potential stock buyback program during 2008 of up to
 $1 billion of our Class A common stock.

 We also have substantial satellite-related payment obligations
 under our various satellite service agreements.

 We
 could be exposed to significant financial losses if our
 investments are unsuccessful. 

 We have entered into certain strategic transactions and
 investments in Asia and elsewhere, and we may increase our
 strategic investment activity in the United States and in
 international markets. These investments, which we expect could
 become substantial over time, involve a high degree of risk and
 could expose us to significant financial losses if the
 underlying ventures are not successful. In particular, the laws,
 regulations and practices of certain countries may make it
 harder for our investments to be successful.

 In addition, the companies in which we invest or with whom we
 partner may not be able to compete effectively or there may be
 insufficient demand for the services and products offered by
 these companies.

 We may
 pursue new acquisitions, joint ventures and other transactions
 to complement or expand our business which may not be
 successful. 

 We may not be able to complete such transactions and such
 transactions, if executed, pose significant risks and could have
 a negative effect on our operations. Our future success may
 depend on opportunities to buy

 18

 Table of Contents 

 other businesses or technologies that could complement, enhance
 or expand our current business or products or that might
 otherwise offer us growth opportunities. Any transactions that
 we are able to identify and complete may involve a number of
 risks, including:

 &#149; 
 
 the diversion of our management&#146;s attention from our
 existing business to integrate the operations and personnel of
 the acquired or combined business or joint venture;

 &#149; 
 
 possible adverse effects on our operating results during the
 integration process; and

 &#149; 
 
 our possible inability to achieve the intended objectives of the
 transaction.

 In addition, we may not be able to successfully or profitably
 integrate, operate, maintain and manage our newly acquired
 operations or employees. We may not be able to maintain uniform
 standards, controls, procedures and policies, and this may lead
 to operational inefficiencies.

 New acquisitions, joint ventures and other transactions may
 require the commitment of significant capital that would
 otherwise be directed to investments in our existing businesses
 or be distributed to shareholders. Commitment of this capital
 may cause us to defer or suspend any share repurchases that we
 otherwise may have made.

 Our
 business relies on intellectual property, some of which is owned
 by third parties, and we may inadvertently infringe their
 patents and proprietary rights. 

 Many entities, including some of our competitors, have or may in
 the future obtain patents and other intellectual property rights
 that cover or affect products or services related to those that
 we offer. In general, if a court determines that one or more of
 our products infringes on intellectual property held by others,
 we may be required to cease developing or marketing those
 products, to obtain licenses from the holders of intellectual
 property or to redesign those products in such a way as to avoid
 infringing the patent claims, each of which may require material
 expenditures by us. If those intellectual property rights are
 held by a competitor, we may be unable to obtain the
 intellectual property at any price, which could adversely affect
 our competitive position.

 If we
 fail to protect our intellectual property rights, it could harm
 our business and competitive position. 

 Our business relies on intellectual property rights to stay
 competitive in the market place. We rely on a combination of
 patent, trademark and copyright laws, trade secrets,
 confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect
 our intellectual property rights and the obligations we have to
 third parties from whom we license intellectual property rights.
 Nevertheless, these afford only limited protection and policing
 unauthorized use of proprietary technology can be difficult and
 expensive. We may not be able to take appropriate steps to
 enforce our intellectual property rights and this could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, operating results and
 financial condition.

 Our
 accounting and other management systems and resources may not be
 adequately prepared to meet the financial reporting and other
 requirements to which we will be subject following the spin-off.
 If we are unable to achieve and maintain effective internal
 controls, our business, financial position and results of
 operations could be adversely affected. 

 Our financial results previously were included within the
 consolidated results of ECC, and our reporting and control
 systems were appropriate for those of subsidiaries of a public
 company. However, we were not directly subject to reporting and
 other requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 amended, which we refer to as the Exchange Act. As a result of
 the spin-off, we will be directly subject to these requirements,
 including the requirements of Section 404 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which will require annual management
 assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over
 financial reporting and a report by our independent registered
 public accounting firm addressing these controls. These
 reporting and other obligations will place significant demands
 on our management and administrative and operational resources,
 including accounting resources. To comply with these
 requirements, we anticipate that we will need to upgrade our
 systems, including information technology, implement additional
 financial and management controls, reporting systems and
 procedures and hire additional accounting and finance staff. If
 we are unable

 19

 Table of Contents 

 to upgrade our financial and management controls, reporting
 systems, information technology and procedures in a timely and
 effective fashion, our ability to comply with our financial
 reporting requirements and other rules that apply to reporting
 companies could be impaired.

 Prior
 to the spin-off, we will not have been an independent company
 and we may be unable to make, on a timely or cost-effective
 basis, the changes necessary to operate as an independent
 company. 

 Prior to the spin-off, our business was operated by ECC as part
 of its broader corporate organization, rather than as an
 independent company. ECC&#146;s senior management oversaw the
 strategic direction of our businesses and ECC performed various
 corporate functions for us, including, but not limited to:

 &#149; 
 
 selected human resources related functions;

 &#149; 
 
 accounting;

 &#149; 
 
 tax administration;

 &#149; 
 
 selected legal functions, as well as external reporting;

 &#149; 
 
 treasury administration, investor relations, internal audit and
 insurance functions; and

 &#149; 
 
 selected information technology and telecommunications services.

 Following the spin-off, neither ECC nor any of its affiliates
 will have any obligation to provide these functions to us other
 than those services that will be provided for a limited period
 of time by ECC pursuant to the services agreement between us and
 ECC. See &#147;Certain Intercompany Arrangements &#151;
 Services Agreement.&#148; If, once this services agreement
 terminates, we do not have in place our own systems and business
 functions, we do not have agreements with other providers of
 these services or we are not able to make these changes cost
 effectively, we may not be able to operate our business
 effectively and our profitability may decline. If ECC does not
 continue to perform effectively the services that are called for
 under the services agreement, we may not be able to operate our
 business effectively after the spin-off.

 Changes
 in existing technologies or the emergence of new products or
 technologies could significantly harm our
 business. 

 Our businesses change rapidly as new technologies are developed.
 These new technologies may cause our services and products to
 become obsolete. Changes in existing technologies could also
 cause demand for our products and services to decline. For
 example, if changes in technology allow digital television
 subscribers to use devices such as personal computers, cable
 ready televisions and network based digital video recording
 services in place of set-top boxes, our customers may not need
 to purchase our set-top boxes to provide their digital
 television subscribers with digital video recording and other
 set-top box features. One or more new technologies also could be
 introduced that compete favorably with our set-top boxes or that
 cause our set-top boxes to no longer be of significant benefit
 to our customers.

 We and our suppliers also may not be able to keep pace with
 technological developments. Alternatively, if the new
 technologies on which we intend to focus our research and
 development investments fail to achieve acceptance in the
 marketplace, we could suffer a material adverse effect on our
 future competitive position that could cause a reduction in our
 revenues and earnings. Our competitors could also obtain or
 develop proprietary technologies that are perceived by the
 market as being superior to ours. Further, after we have
 incurred substantial research and development costs, one or more
 of the technologies under our development, or under development
 by one or more of our strategic partners, could become obsolete
 prior to its introduction. Finally, delays in the delivery of
 components or other unforeseen problems may occur that could
 materially and adversely affect our ability to generate revenue,
 offer new services and remain competitive.

 Technological innovation is important to our success and
 depends, to a significant degree, on the work of technically
 skilled employees. Competition for the services of these types
 of employees is intense. We may not be able to attract and
 retain these employees. If we are unable to attract and maintain
 technically skilled employees, our competitive position could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 20

 Table of Contents 

 We
 intend to make significant investments in new products and
 services that may not be profitable. 

 We have made and will continue to make significant investments
 in research, development, and marketing for new products,
 services, and technologies, including new set-top box designs
 and entry into new business areas. Investments in new technology
 are inherently speculative and commercial success depends on
 many factors including novelty, service and support, and
 effective sales and marketing. We may not achieve significant
 revenue from new product and service investments for a number of
 years, if at all. Moreover, new products and services may not be
 profitable, and even if they are profitable, operating margins
 for new products and businesses may be minimal.

 We
 rely on key personnel. 

 We believe that our future success will depend to a significant
 extent upon the performance of Charles W. Ergen, our
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and certain other
 executives. Mr. Ergen and certain of these executives will
 also continue to devote significant time to their employment at
 ECC. The loss of Mr. Ergen or of certain other key
 executives or their ability to devote sufficient time and effort
 to our business could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition and results of operations.
 Although all of our executives will execute agreements limiting
 their ability to work for or consult with competitors if they
 leave us, we do not have employment agreements with any of them.

 Risks
 Affecting Our Set-Top Business 

 We
 depend on sales of set-top boxes for nearly all of our revenue,
 and if sales of our set-top boxes decline, our business and
 financial position will suffer. 

 Our historical revenues consist primarily of sales of our
 set-top boxes. In addition, we currently derive, and expect to
 continue to derive in the near term, nearly all of our revenue
 from sales of our set-top boxes to ECC and Bell ExpressVu.
 Continued market acceptance of our set-top boxes is critical to
 our future success. If we are not able to expand sales of our
 set-top boxes to other providers of digital television,
 including cable operators, our growth prospects will be limited,
 and our revenues will be substantially impacted if sales of our
 set-top boxes to providers of satellite-delivered digital
 television decline.

 Our
 business may suffer if direct-to-home satellite service
 providers, who currently comprise our customer base, do not
 compete successfully with existing and emerging alternative
 platforms for delivering digital television, including
 terrestrial networks, Internet protocol television and cable
 television operators. 

 Our existing customers are direct-to-home satellite video
 providers, which compete with cable television operators and
 terrestrial broadcasters for the same pool of viewers. As
 technologies develop, other means of delivering information and
 entertainment to television viewers are evolving. For example,
 some telecommunications companies, such as AT&#038;T Inc. and
 Verizon Communications, are seeking to compete with terrestrial
 broadcasters, cable television network operators and
 direct-to-home satellite services by offering IPTV, which allows
 telecommunications companies to stream television programs
 through telephone lines or fiber optic lines. To the extent that
 the terrestrial television networks, telecommunications
 companies and cable television network operators compete
 successfully against direct-to-home satellite services for
 viewers, the ability of our existing customer base to attract
 and retain subscribers may be adversely affected. As a result,
 demand for our satellite television set-top boxes could decline
 and we may not be able to sustain our current revenue levels.

 Our
 future financial performance depends on our ability to penetrate
 new markets for set-top boxes. 

 Our products were initially designed for, and have been deployed
 mostly by, providers of satellite-delivered digital television.
 To date, we have not made any sales of our set-top boxes to
 cable operators. In addition, the cable set-top box market is
 highly competitive and we expect competition to intensify in the
 future. This competition may make it more difficult for us to
 sell cable set-top boxes, and may result in pricing pressure,

 21

 Table of Contents 

 small profit margins, high sales and marketing expenses and
 failure to obtain market share, any of which would likely
 seriously harm our business, operating results and financial
 condition.

 Our
 ability to sell our set-top boxes to cable television operators
 depends on our ability to obtain licenses to use the conditional
 access systems utilized by these cable television
 operators. 

 Our commercial success in selling our set-top boxes to cable
 television operators depends significantly on our ability to
 obtain licenses to use the conditional access systems deployed
 by these operators in our set-top boxes. In many cases, the
 intellectual property rights to these conditional access systems
 are owned by the set-top box manufacturer that currently
 provides the cable television operator with its set-top boxes.
 We cannot assure you that we will able to obtain any required
 license on commercially favorable terms, if at all. If we do not
 obtain the necessary licenses, we may be delayed or prevented
 from pursuing the development of some potential products with
 cable television operators. Our failure to obtain a license to
 any technology that we may require to develop or commercialize
 our set-top boxes with cable television operators will
 significantly and negatively affect our business.

 Growth
 in our set-top box business likely requires expansion of our
 sales to international customers; we may be unsuccessful in
 expanding international sales. 

 We believe that in order to grow our set-top box revenue and
 business and to build a large customer base, we must increase
 sales of our set-top boxes in international markets. We have
 limited experience selling our set-top boxes internationally. To
 succeed in these sales efforts, we believe we must hire
 additional sales personnel and develop and manage new
 relationships with cable operators and other providers of
 digital television in international markets. If we do not
 succeed in our efforts to sell to these target markets and
 customers, the size of our total addressable market may be
 limited. This, in turn, would harm our ability to grow our
 customer base and revenue.

 The
 set-top box business is extremely competitive. 

 Currently, there are many significant competitors in the set-top
 box business including several established companies who have
 sold set-top boxes to major cable operators in the United States
 for many years. These competitors include companies such as
 Motorola, Cisco Systems, which acquired Scientific Atlanta in
 2006, and Pace. In addition, a number of rapidly growing
 companies have recently entered the market, many of them with
 set-top box offerings similar to our existing satellite set-top
 box products. We also expect additional competition in the
 future from new and existing companies who do not currently
 compete in the market for set-top boxes. As the set-top box
 business evolves, our current and potential competitors may
 establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with
 third parties, including software and hardware companies that
 could acquire significant market share, which could adversely
 affect our business. We also face competition from set-top boxes
 that have been internally developed by digital video providers.
 Any of these competitive threats, alone or in combination with
 others, could seriously harm our business, operating results and
 financial condition.

 Our
 set-top boxes are highly complex and may experience quality or
 supply problems. 

 Our set-top boxes are extremely complex and can have defects in
 design, manufacture or associated software. Set-top boxes often
 contain &#147;bugs&#148; that can unexpectedly interfere with
 their operation. Defects may also occur in components and
 products that we purchase from third-parties. There can be no
 assurance that we will be able to detect and fix all defects in
 the set-top boxes that we sell. We could incur significant
 expenses, lost revenue, and harm to our reputation if we fail to
 detect or effectively address such issues through design,
 testing or warranty repairs.

 22

 Table of Contents 

 The
 average selling price of our set-top boxes may decrease, which
 could negatively impact our operating results. 

 As a part of ECC, we have historically sold set-top boxes to ECC
 at our cost. In order to operate a profitable business we will
 be required to sell our set-top boxes at higher prices. It is
 possible that our ability to increase the average selling prices
 of our set-top boxes will be limited and that prices may
 decrease in the future in response to competitive pricing
 pressures, new product introductions by us or our competitors or
 other factors. If we are unable to increase the average selling
 prices of our set-top boxes, or if such selling prices decline,
 and we are unable to respond in a timely manner by developing
 and introducing new products and continually reducing our
 product costs, our revenues and gross margin may be negatively
 affected, which will harm our business and results of operations.

 If
 significant numbers of television viewers are unwilling to pay
 for premium programming packages that utilize set-top boxes, we
 may not be able to sustain our current revenue
 level. 

 Our revenues are derived entirely from direct-to-home satellite
 service providers who purchase our set-top boxes for their
 subscribers. Therefore, we are substantially dependent upon the
 ability of these providers to promote the delivery of premium
 programming packages that utilize technology incorporated into
 our set-top boxes, such as DVR technology and IPTV, to generate
 future revenues.

 However, direct-to-home satellite service providers may be
 unsuccessful in promoting value-added services. Subscribers of
 direct-to-home satellite services have historically purchased
 stand-alone satellite receivers without the advanced set-top box
 functionality that we offer. If direct-to-home satellite service
 providers are unable to develop compelling reasons for their
 subscribers to purchase our more advanced set-top boxes, it will
 be difficult for us to sustain our historical revenues.

 Our
 reliance on several key components used in our set-top boxes
 could restrict production and result in higher set-top box
 costs. 

 We obtain many components for our set-top boxes from a single
 supplier or a limited group of suppliers. Our reliance on a
 single or limited group of suppliers, particularly foreign
 suppliers, and our increasing reliance on subcontractors,
 involves several risks. These risks include a potential
 inability to obtain an adequate supply of required components,
 and reduced control over pricing, quality, and timely delivery
 of these components. We do not generally maintain long-term
 agreements with any of our suppliers or subcontractors. An
 inability to obtain adequate deliveries or any other
 circumstances requiring us to seek alternative sources of supply
 could affect our ability to ship our set-top boxes on a timely
 basis, which could damage our relationships with current and
 prospective customers and harm our business, resulting in a loss
 of market share, and reduce revenues and income.

 We generally maintain low inventory levels and do not make
 binding long-term commitments to suppliers. As a result, it may
 be difficult in the future to obtain components required for our
 products or to increase the volume of components if demand for
 our products increases.

 Our
 future growth depends on market acceptance of
 HDTV. 

 Future demand for our set-top boxes will depend significantly on
 the growing market acceptance of high definition television, or
 HDTV. The effective delivery of HDTV will depend on digital
 television operators developing and building infrastructure to
 provide wide-spread HDTV programming. If the introduction or
 adoption of HDTV or the deployment of HDTV is not as widespread
 or as rapid as we or our customers expect, our revenue growth
 will be limited.

 23

 Table of Contents 

 During
 April 2006, a jury concluded that certain of our digital video
 recorders, or DVRs, infringed a patent held by Tivo. If the
 verdict is upheld on appeal and we are not able to successfully
 implement alternative technology, we could be prohibited from
 distributing DVRs, or be required to modify or eliminate certain
 user-friendly DVR features that we currently offer to
 consumers. 

 If the Tivo jury verdict is upheld on appeal, to the extent that
 ECC does not indemnify us, we will be required to pay
 substantial damages
 and/or 
 license fees, and if we were not able to successfully implement
 alternative technology (including the successful defense of any
 challenge that such technology infringes Tivo&#146;s patent), we
 could also be prohibited from distributing DVRs, or be required
 to modify or eliminate certain user-friendly DVR features that
 we currently offer to consumers. In that event we would be at a
 significant disadvantage to our competitors who could offer this
 functionality and, while we would attempt to provide that
 functionality through other manufacturers, the adverse affect on
 our business could be material.

 Risks
 Affecting Our Fixed Satellite Services Business 

 We
 currently face competition from established competitors in the
 fixed satellite service business and may face competition from
 others in the future. 

 In our fixed satellite services business, we will compete
 against larger, well-established fixed satellite service
 companies, such as Intelsat, SES Americom and Telesat Canada.
 Because the satellite services industry is relatively mature,
 our growth strategy depends largely on our ability to displace
 current incumbent providers, which often have the benefit of
 long-term contracts with customers. These long-term contracts
 and other factors result in relatively high switching costs for
 customers, making it more difficult for us to displace customers
 from their current relationships with our competitors. In
 addition, the supply of satellite capacity has increased in
 recent years, which will make it more difficult for us to sell
 our services in certain markets and to price our capacity at
 acceptable levels. Competition may cause downward pressure on
 prices and further reduce the utilization of our fleet capacity,
 both of which would have an adverse effect on our financial
 performance. Our fixed satellite services business also competes
 with fiber optic cable and other terrestrial delivery systems,
 which may have a cost advantage, particularly in point-to-point
 applications where such delivery systems have been installed.

 Our
 satellites are subject to significant operational
 risks. 

 Satellites are subject to significant operational risks while in
 orbit. These risks include malfunctions, commonly referred to as
 anomalies, that have occurred in our satellites and the
 satellites of other operators as a result of various factors,
 such as satellite manufacturers&#146; errors, problems with the
 power systems or control systems of the satellites and general
 failures resulting from operating satellites in the harsh
 environment of space.

 Although we work closely with the satellite manufacturers to
 determine and eliminate the cause of anomalies in new satellites
 and provide for redundancies of many critical components in the
 satellites, we may experience anomalies in the future, whether
 of the types described above or arising from the failure of
 other systems or components.

 Any single anomaly or series of anomalies could materially and
 adversely affect our operations and revenues and our
 relationship with current customers, as well as our ability to
 attract new customers for our satellite services. In particular,
 future anomalies may result in the loss of individual
 transponders on a satellite, a group of transponders on that
 satellite or the entire satellite, depending on the nature of
 the anomaly. Anomalies may also reduce the expected useful life
 of a satellite, thereby reducing the revenue that could be
 generated by that satellite, or create additional expenses due
 to the need to provide replacement or
 back-up 
 satellites.

 Meteoroid events pose a potential threat to all in-orbit
 satellites. The probability that meteoroids will damage those
 satellites increases significantly when the Earth passes through
 the particulate stream left behind by comets. Occasionally,
 increased solar activity also poses a potential threat to all
 in-orbit satellites.

 Some decommissioned spacecraft are in uncontrolled orbits which
 pass through the geostationary belt at various points, and
 present hazards to operational spacecraft, including our
 satellites. We may be required to

 24

 Table of Contents 

 perform maneuvers to avoid collisions and these maneuvers may
 prove unsuccessful or could reduce the useful life of the
 satellite through the expenditure of fuel to perform these
 maneuvers. The loss, damage or destruction of any of our
 satellites as a result of an electrostatic storm, collision with
 space debris, malfunction or other event could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
 of operations.

 Our
 satellites have minimum design lives of 12 years, but could
 fail or suffer reduced capacity before then. 

 Our ability to earn revenue depends on the usefulness of our
 satellites. Each satellite has a limited useful life. A number
 of factors affect the useful lives of the satellites, including,
 among other things, the quality of their construction, the
 durability of their component parts, the ability to continue to
 maintain proper orbit and control over the satellite&#146;s
 functions, the efficiency of the launch vehicle used, and the
 remaining on-board fuel following orbit insertion. Generally,
 the minimum design life of each of our satellites is
 12 years. We can provide no assurance, however, as to the
 actual useful lives of the satellites.

 In the event of a failure or loss of any of our satellites, we
 may relocate another satellite and use it as a replacement for
 the failed or lost satellite, which could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
 of operations. Such a relocation would require FCC approval and,
 among other things, a showing to the FCC that the replacement
 satellite would not cause additional interference compared to
 the failed or lost satellite. We cannot be certain that we could
 obtain such FCC approval.

 Our
 satellites are subject to risks related to launch. 

 Satellite launches are subject to significant risks, including
 launch failure, incorrect orbital placement or improper
 commercial operation. Certain launch vehicles that may be used
 by us have either unproven track records or have experienced
 launch failures in the past. The risks of launch delay and
 failure are usually greater when the launch vehicle does not
 have a track record of previous successful flights. Launch
 failures result in significant delays in the deployment of
 satellites because of the need both to construct replacement
 satellites, which can take more than two years, and to obtain
 other launch opportunities. Such significant delays could
 materially and adversely affect our ability to generate
 revenues. If we were unable to obtain launch insurance, or
 obtain launch insurance at rates we deem commercially
 reasonable, and a significant launch failure were to occur, it
 could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate
 revenues and fund future satellite procurement and launch
 opportunities. In addition, the occurrence of launch failures
 whether on our satellites or those of others may significantly
 reduce the availability of launch insurance on our satellites or
 make launch insurance premiums uneconomical.

 Our
 fixed satellite services business is subject to risks of adverse
 government regulation. 

 Our satellite services business is subject to varying degrees of
 regulation in the United States by the FCC, and other entities,
 and in foreign countries by similar entities. These regulations
 are subject to the political process and have been in constant
 flux over the past decade. Moreover, a substantial number of
 foreign countries in which we have, or may in the future make,
 an investment, regulate, in varying degrees, the ownership of
 satellites and the distribution and ownership of programming
 services and foreign investment in programming companies.
 Further material changes in law and regulatory requirements must
 be anticipated, and there can be no assurance that our business
 and the business of our affiliates will not be adversely
 affected by future legislation, new regulation or deregulation.

 Our
 business depends substantially on FCC licenses that can expire
 or be revoked or modified and applications that may not be
 granted. 

 If the FCC were to cancel, revoke, suspend or fail to renew any
 of our licenses or authorizations, it could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
 of operations. Specifically, loss of a frequency authorization
 would reduce the amount of spectrum available to us, potentially
 reducing the amount of services available to our customers. The
 materiality of such a loss of authorizations would vary based
 upon,

 25

 Table of Contents 

 among other things, the location of the frequency used or the
 availability of replacement spectrum. In addition, Congress
 often considers and enacts legislation that could affect us, and
 FCC proceedings to implement the Communications Act and enforce
 its regulations are ongoing. We cannot predict the outcomes of
 these legislative or regulatory proceedings or their effect on
 our business.

 We may
 not be aware of certain foreign government
 regulations. 

 Because regulatory schemes vary by country, we may be subject to
 regulations in foreign countries of which we are not presently
 aware. If that were to be the case, we could be subject to
 sanctions by a foreign government that could materially and
 adversely affect our ability to operate in that country. We
 cannot assure you that any current regulatory approvals held by
 us are, or will remain, sufficient in the view of foreign
 regulatory authorities, or that any additional necessary
 approvals will be granted on a timely basis or at all, in all
 jurisdictions in which we wish to operate new satellites, or
 that applicable restrictions in those jurisdictions will not be
 unduly burdensome. The failure to obtain the authorizations
 necessary to operate satellites internationally could have a
 material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue and
 our overall competitive position.

 We, our customers and companies with which we do business may be
 required to have authority from each country in which we or they
 provide services or provide our customers use of our satellites.
 Because regulations in each country are different, we may not be
 aware if some of our customers
 and/or 
 companies with which we do business do not hold the requisite
 licenses and approvals.

 Our
 dependence on outside contractors could result in delays related
 to the design, manufacture and launch of our new satellites,
 which could in turn adversely affect our operating
 results. 

 There are a limited number of manufacturers that are able to
 design and build satellites according to the technical
 specifications and standards of quality we require, including
 Astrium Satellites, Boeing Satellite Systems, Lockheed Martin,
 Loral and Thales Alenia Space. There are also a limited number
 of agencies able to launch such satellites, including
 International Launch Services, Arianespace, Lockheed Martin
 Launch Systems and Sea Launch Company. The loss of any of our
 manufacturers or launch agencies could result in the delay of
 the design, building or launch of our satellites. Even if
 alternate suppliers for such services are available, we may have
 difficulty identifying them in a timely manner, we may incur
 significant additional expense in changing suppliers, and this
 could result in difficulties or delays in the design,
 manufacturing or launch of our satellites. Any delays in the
 design, building or launch of our satellites could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
 results of operations.

 We
 currently have no commercial insurance coverage on the
 satellites we own. 

 We do not insure our owned satellites against in-orbit or other
 failures. The loss of a satellite or other satellite
 malfunctions or anomalies could have a material adverse effect
 on our financial performance which we may not be able to
 mitigate by using available capacity on other satellites. In
 addition, the loss of a satellite or other satellite
 malfunctions or anomalies could affect our ability to comply
 with FCC regulatory obligations and our ability to fund the
 construction or acquisition of replacement satellites for our
 in-orbit fleet in a timely fashion, or at all.

 Risks
 Relating to the Spin-Off 

 Our
 agreements with ECC may not reflect what two unaffiliated
 parties might have agreed to. 

 The allocation of assets, liabilities, rights, indemnifications
 and other obligations between ECC and us under the separation
 and ancillary agreements we will enter into with ECC do not
 necessarily reflect what two unaffiliated parties might have
 agreed to. Had these agreements been negotiated with
 unaffiliated third parties, their terms may have been more
 favorable, or less favorable, to us.

 26

 Table of Contents 

 The
 spin-off could result in significant tax
 liability. 

 ECC has requested a private letter ruling from the IRS to the
 effect that, among other things, the spin-off, together with
 certain related transactions, will qualify for tax-free
 treatment under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code.
 In addition, the spin-off is conditioned upon the receipt by ECC
 of the opinion of White &#038; Case LLP on the distribution
 date (which condition ECC may waive) substantially to the effect
 that, among other things, the spin-off, together with certain
 related transactions, will qualify as reorganizations for
 U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355
 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, and that, accordingly for
 U.S. federal income tax purposes, no gain or loss will be
 recognized by, and no amount will be included in the income of,
 a holder of ECC common stock upon the receipt of shares of our
 common stock pursuant to the spin-off, except to the extent such
 holder receives cash in lieu of fractional shares of our common
 stock. See &#147;The Spin-Off &#151; Material
 U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off.&#148;

 Although a private letter ruling from the IRS generally is
 binding on the IRS, if the factual representations or
 assumptions made in the letter ruling request are untrue or
 incomplete in any material respect, we will not be able to rely
 on the ruling. Furthermore, the IRS will not rule on whether a
 distribution satisfies certain requirements necessary to obtain
 tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code. Rather,
 the ruling is based upon representations by ECC that these
 conditions have been satisfied, and any inaccuracy in such
 representations could invalidate the ruling. ECC has made it a
 condition to the spin-off that ECC obtain the opinion of counsel
 described above. The opinion will be based on, among other
 things, certain assumptions and representations made by ECC and
 us, which if incorrect or inaccurate in any material respect
 would jeopardize the conclusions reached by counsel in its
 opinion. The opinion will not be binding on the IRS or the
 courts. See &#147;The Spin-Off &#151; Material
 U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off&#148;
 for more information regarding the private letter ruling and the
 tax opinion.

 If the spin-off does not qualify for tax-free treatment for
 U.S. federal income tax purposes, then, in general, ECC
 would be subject to tax as if it had sold the common stock of
 our company in a taxable sale for its fair market value.
 ECC&#146;s shareholders would be subject to tax as if they had
 received a distribution equal to the fair market value of our
 common stock that was distributed to them, which would be
 treated as a taxable dividend to the extent of ECC&#146;s
 earnings and profits. It is expected that the amount of any such
 taxes to ECC&#146;s shareholders and ECC would be substantial.
 See &#147;The Spin-Off &#151; Material U.S. Federal
 Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off.&#148;

 A
 potential indemnity liability to ECC if the spin-off is treated
 as a taxable transaction could materially adversely affect our
 company. 

 In the tax sharing agreement with ECC, we have agreed to
 indemnify ECC for any losses, claims, and expenses (including
 any resulting taxes) resulting from the spin-off or certain
 related transactions failing to qualify as tax-free transactions
 pursuant to any provision of Section 355 or
 Section 361 of the Code because of (i) a direct or
 indirect acquisition of any of our stock, stock options or
 assets, (ii) any action that we take or fail to take or
 (iii) any action that we take that is inconsistent with the
 information and representations furnished to the IRS in
 connection with the request for the private letter ruling, or to
 counsel in connection with any opinion being delivered by
 counsel with respect to the spin-off or certain related
 transactions. For a more detailed discussion, see &#147;Certain
 Intercompany Agreements &#151; Agreements with
 ECC &#151; Tax Sharing Agreement.&#148; Our indemnification
 obligations to ECC and its subsidiaries are not limited in
 amount or subject to any cap. If we are required to indemnify
 ECC and its subsidiaries under the circumstances set forth in
 the tax sharing agreement, we may be subject to substantial
 liabilities.

 We
 will have potential conflicts of interest with ECC after the
 spin-off. 

 Questions relating to conflicts of interest may arise between
 ECC and us in a number of areas relating to our past and ongoing
 relationships. Areas in which conflicts of interest between ECC
 and us could arise include, but are not limited to, the
 following:

 &#149; 
 
 Cross officerships, directorships and stock
 ownership. We will continue to have significant
 overlap in directors and executive officers with ECC, which may
 lead to conflicting interests. At the time of the spin-

 27

 Table of Contents 

 off, certain of our executive officers, including Charles W.
 Ergen, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will continue
 to serve as executive officers of ECC. Three of these
 individuals will provide us services pursuant to a management
 services agreement we will enter into with ECC. Our board of
 directors will include persons who are members of the board of
 directors of ECC, including Mr. Ergen, who will serve as
 the Chairman of ECC and us. The executive officers and the
 members of our board of directors who overlap with ECC will have
 fiduciary duties to ECC&#146;s shareholders. Pursuant to the
 management services agreement, three of these officers will be
 paid by ECC even if their duties include work for EHC.
 Therefore, these individuals may have actual or apparent
 conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or
 affecting each company. For example, there will be the potential
 for a conflict of interest when we or ECC look at acquisitions
 and other corporate opportunities that may be suitable for both
 companies. In addition, after the spin-off, many of our
 directors and officers will continue to own ECC stock and
 options to purchase ECC stock, which they acquired or were
 granted prior to the spin-off, including Mr. Ergen, who
 will immediately following the spin-off beneficially own
 approximately 50.0% of the total equity and control
 approximately 80.0% of the voting power of ECC and us. These
 ownership interests could create actual, apparent or potential
 conflicts of interest when these individuals are faced with
 decisions that could have different implications for our company
 and ECC.

 &#149; 
 
 Intercompany agreements related to the
 spin-off. We will enter into certain agreements
 with ECC pursuant to which it will provide us certain
 management, administrative, accounting, tax, legal and other
 services, for which we will reimburse ECC for cost plus an
 agreed upon margin. In addition, we will enter into a number of
 intercompany agreements covering matters such as tax sharing and
 our responsibility for certain liabilities previously undertaken
 by ECC for certain of our businesses. We will also enter into
 certain commercial agreements with ECC pursuant to which we
 will, among other things, be obligated to sell at specified
 prices, set-top boxes and related equipment to ECC. The terms of
 these agreements were established while we were a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of ECC and were not the result of arm&#146;s length
 negotiations. In addition, conflicts could arise in the
 interpretation or any extension or renegotiation of these
 existing agreements after the completion of the spin-off.

 &#149; 
 
 Future intercompany transactions. In the
 future, ECC or its affiliates may enter into transactions with
 us or our subsidiaries or other affiliates. Although the terms
 of any such transactions will be established based upon
 negotiations between ECC and us and, when appropriate, subject
 to the approval of the independent directors on our board or a
 committee of disinterested directors, there can be no assurance
 that the terms of any such transactions will be as favorable to
 us or our subsidiaries or affiliates as may otherwise be
 obtained in arm&#146;s length negotiations.

 &#149; 
 
 Business Opportunities. ECC will retain its
 interests in various U.S. and international companies that
 have subsidiaries or controlled affiliates that own or operate
 domestic or foreign services that may compete with services
 offered by our businesses. We may also compete with ECC when we
 participate in auctions for spectrum or orbital slots for our
 satellites.

 We may not be able to resolve any potential conflicts, and, even
 if we do so, the resolution may be less favorable to us than if
 we were dealing with an unaffiliated party.

 We do not have any agreements with ECC that restrict us from
 selling our products to competitors of ECC. We also do not have
 any agreements with ECC that would prevent us from competing
 with each other.

 In addition, the corporate opportunity policy set forth in our
 articles of incorporation addresses potential conflicts of
 interest for officers and directors of ECC who are also officers
 or directors of us. This policy could restrict our ability to
 take advantage of certain corporate opportunities. The
 principles for resolving such potential conflicts of interest
 are described under &#147;Description of Our Capital
 Stock &#151; Provisions of Our Articles of Incorporation
 Relating to Related-Party Transactions and Corporate
 Opportunities.&#148;

 We may
 incur material costs and expenses as a result of our separation
 from ECC. 

 We may incur costs and expenses greater than those we currently
 incur as a result of our separation from ECC. These increased
 costs and expenses may arise from various factors, including
 financial reporting, costs

 28

 Table of Contents 

 associated with complying with federal securities laws
 (including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), tax
 administration and human resources related functions. Although
 ECC will continue to provide many of these services to us under
 the services agreement, such services are for a limited period
 of time. We cannot assure you that these costs will not be
 material to our business.

 Substantial
 sales of our common stock may occur in connection with or
 following the spin-off, which could cause our share price to
 decline. 

 The EHC Class A common stock that is distributed in the
 spin-off generally may be sold immediately in the public market.
 We expect that some of our shareholders, including possibly some
 of our larger shareholders, will sell the Class A common
 stock that they receive in the spin-off because, among other
 reasons, our business profile or market capitalization as an
 independent, publicly-traded company do not fit their investment
 objectives. Moreover, index funds hold ECC Class A common
 stock. Unless we are included in these indices from the date of
 the spin-off, these index funds will be required to sell our
 Class A common stock that they receive in the distribution.
 The sales of significant amounts of our Class A common
 stock or the perception in the market that these sales will
 occur could adversely affect the market price of our
 Class A common stock.

 Risks
 Relating to our Common Stock and the Securities Market 

 We
 cannot be certain that an active trading market will develop or
 be sustained after the spin-off, and following the spin-off our
 stock price may fluctuate significantly. 

 We cannot assure you that an active trading market will develop
 or be sustained for our common stock after the spin-off. Nor can
 we predict the prices at which classes of our common stock may
 trade after the spin-off. Similarly, we cannot predict the
 effect of the spin-off on the trading prices of ECC&#146;s
 common stock or whether the market value of the shares of a
 class of our common stock and the shares of the same class of
 ECC&#146;s common stock held by a shareholder after the spin-off
 will be less than, equal to or greater than the market value of
 the shares of that class of ECC&#146;s common stock held by such
 shareholder prior to the spin-off.

 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly
 due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our
 control, including:

 &#149; 
 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;

 &#149; 
 
 changes in earnings estimated by securities analysts or our
 ability to meet those estimates;

 &#149; 
 
 the operating and stock price performance of comparable
 companies; and

 &#149; 
 
 domestic and foreign economic conditions.

 If,
 following the spin-off, we are unable to satisfy the
 requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002, or our internal control over financial reporting is not
 effective, the reliability of our financial statements may be
 questioned and our stock price may suffer. 

 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires any
 company subject to the reporting requirements of the
 U.S. securities laws to do a comprehensive evaluation of
 its and its consolidated subsidiaries&#146; internal control
 over financial reporting. To comply with this statute, we will
 eventually be required to document and test our internal control
 procedures, our management will be required to assess and issue
 a report concerning our internal control over financial
 reporting, and our independent auditors will be required to
 issue an opinion on management&#146;s assessment of those
 matters. The rules governing the standards that must be met for
 management to assess our internal control over financial
 reporting are complex and require significant documentation,
 testing and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards
 under the rules. During the course of its testing, our
 management may identify material weaknesses or deficiencies
 which may not be remedied in time to meet the deadline imposed
 by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If our management cannot favorably
 assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
 reporting or our auditors identify

 29

 Table of Contents 

 material weaknesses in our internal controls, investor
 confidence in our financial results may weaken, and our stock
 price may suffer.

 It may
 be difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so
 may be beneficial to our shareholders. 

 Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and
 bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of
 our company that a shareholder may consider favorable. These
 provisions include the following:

 &#149; 
 
 authorizing a capital structure with multiple classes of common
 stock: a Class A that entitles the holders to one vote per
 share, a Class B that entitles the holders to ten votes per
 share, a Class C that entitles the holders to one vote per
 share, except upon a change in control of our company in which
 case the holders of Class C are entitled to ten votes per
 share and a non-voting Class D;

 &#149; 
 
 authorizing the issuance of &#147;blank check&#148; preferred
 stock, which could be issued by our board of directors to
 increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover
 attempt;

 &#149; 
 
 limiting who may call special meetings of shareholders;

 &#149; 
 
 establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of
 candidates for election to our board of directors or for
 proposing matters that can be acted upon by shareholders at
 shareholder meetings;

 &#149; 
 
 the existence of authorized and unissued stock which would allow
 our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to
 current management, thereby protecting the continuity of its
 management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership
 of persons seeking to obtain control of us.

 After
 the spin-off, we will be controlled by one principal
 shareholder. 

 Immediately after the spin-off, Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer, will beneficially own approximately
 80.0% of our total equity securities and possess approximately
 50.0% of the total voting power. Thus, Mr. Ergen will have
 the ability to elect a majority of our directors and to control
 all other matters requiring the approval of our shareholders. As
 a result of Mr. Ergen&#146;s voting power, we will be a
 &#147;controlled company&#148; as defined in the Nasdaq listing
 rules and, therefore, will not be subject to Nasdaq requirements
 that would otherwise require us to have (i) a majority of
 independent directors; (ii) a nominating committee composed
 solely of independent directors; (iii) compensation of our
 executive officers determined by a majority of the independent
 directors or a compensation committee composed solely of
 independent directors; and (iv) director nominees selected,
 or recommended for the Board&#146;s selection, either by a
 majority of the independent directors or a nominating committee
 composed solely of independent directors. Mr. Ergen will
 also beneficially own approximately 50.0% of the total equity
 and 80.0% of the total voting power of ECC and will continue to
 be the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ECC, which will
 directly and through its subsidiaries continue to be our largest
 customer, accounting for a substantial majority of our revenues.

 Holders
 of any single class of our common stock may not have any
 remedies if any action by our directors or officers has an
 adverse effect on only that series of our common
 stock. 

 Principles of Nevada law and the provisions of our certificate
 of incorporation may protect decisions of our board of directors
 that have a disparate impact upon holders of any single class of
 our common stock. Under Nevada law, the board of directors has a
 duty to act with due care and in the best interests of all of
 our shareholders, including the holders of all classes of our
 common stock. Principles of Nevada law established in cases
 involving differing treatment of multiple classes or series of
 stock provide that a board of directors owes an equal duty to
 all common shareholders regardless of class or series and does
 not have separate or additional duties to any group of
 shareholders. As a result, in some circumstances, our directors
 may be required to make a decision that is adverse to the
 holders of one class of our common stock. Under the principles
 of Nevada law referred to above, you may not be able to
 challenge these decisions if our board of directors is
 disinterested and adequately informed with respect to these
 decisions and acts in good faith and in the honest belief that
 it is acting in the best interests of all of our shareholders.

 30

 Table of Contents 

 We do
 not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable
 future. 

 We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common
 stock. We intend to retain any earnings to finance the operation
 and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying
 any cash dividends in the future. As a result, you may only
 receive a return on your investment in our common stock if the
 market price of our common stock increases.

 If
 securities or industry analysts do not publish research or
 publish unfavorable research about our business, our stock price
 and trading volume could decline. 

 The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on
 any research reports that securities or industry analysts
 publish about us or our business. After our separation from ECC,
 if no securities or industry analysts initiate coverage of us,
 the trading price for our stock may be negatively impacted. In
 the event securities or industry analysts cover us and one or
 more of these analysts downgrade our stock or publish
 unfavorable reports about our business, our stock price would
 likely decline. In addition, if any securities or industry
 analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish
 reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease,
 which could cause our stock price and trading volume to decline.

 31

 Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY
 STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 This information statement contains certain forward-looking
 statements regarding business strategies, market potential,
 future financial performance and other matters. In particular,
 information included under the headings &#147;The
 Spin-Off,&#148; &#147;Risk Factors,&#148;
 &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations&#148; and
 &#147;Business&#148; contain forward-looking statements.
 Forward-looking statements inherently involve many risks and
 uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
 materially from those projected in these statements. Where, in
 any forward-looking statement, we express an expectation or
 belief as to future results or events, such expectation or
 belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a
 reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the
 expectation or belief will result or be achieved or
 accomplished. Please refer to &#147;Risk Factors&#148; for some
 but not all of the factors that could cause actual results or
 events to differ materially from those anticipated.

 All cautionary statements made herein should be read as being
 applicable to all forward-looking statements wherever they
 appear. In this connection, investors should consider the risks
 described herein and should not place undue reliance on any
 forward-looking statements.

 These forward-looking statements and such risks, uncertainties
 and other factors speak only as of the date of this information
 statement, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or
 undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any
 forward-looking statement contained herein, or to reflect any
 change in our expectations with regard thereto or any other
 change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such
 statement is based.

 32

 Table of Contents 

 THE
 SPIN-OFF 

 Background 

 The board of directors of ECC has approved the spin-off of
 EchoStar Holding Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of ECC.
 EHC will hold the technology and certain infrastructure assets
 of ECC. ECC will retain its consumer business, including DISH
 Network, its U.S. consumer pay-TV business. In making its
 determination, the ECC board of directors met numerous times and
 considered, among other things, the continuation of ECC&#146;s
 current operating strategy, and concluded that we and ECC would
 be able to compete more effectively and have the opportunity to
 achieve better revenue growth and profitability as a result of
 the spin-off. 

 Prior to the spin-off, we were a wholly-owned subsidiary of ECC.
 Following a series of distributions and contributions from ECC
 and its subsidiaries to us, we and the companies that will be
 our subsidiaries after the spin-off, which we refer to as
 EchoStar Holding Corporation, or EHC, will be engaged in the
 digital set-top box business and the fixed satellite services
 business.

 To accomplish the spin-off, ECC will distribute all of its
 equity interest in us, consisting of shares of our Class A
 common stock and our Class B common stock, to ECC&#146;s
 shareholders on a pro rata basis based on the class of ECC
 common stock held by each such shareholder. Following the
 spin-off, ECC will cease to own any equity interest in us, and
 we will operate independently from ECC. No vote of ECC&#146;s
 shareholders is required or being sought in connection with the
 spin-off, and ECC&#146;s shareholders will not have any
 appraisal rights in connection with the spin-off.

 The distribution of our common stock as described in this
 information statement is subject to the satisfaction or waiver
 of certain conditions. For a more detailed description of these
 conditions, see &#147;&#151; Conditions to the
 Spin-Off.&#148; 

 Reasons
 for the Spin-off 

 The ECC board of directors regularly reviews the operations that
 ECC conducts to ensure that ECC&#146;s resources are being put
 to use in a manner that is in the best interests of ECC and its
 shareholders. As a result of this ongoing evaluation, ECC
 concluded that some of its existing non-core businesses were
 being undervalued by analysts and the market generally, and that
 these businesses would be in a better competitive position if
 they were operated as a separate entity from DISH Network.
 Neither we nor ECC can assure you that, following the spin-off,
 any benefits will be realized to the extent we anticipate or at
 all. The board of directors of ECC considered the following
 potential benefits in making its determination to consummate the
 spin-off:

 &#149; 
 
 Creating effective management incentives tied to each of
 EHC&#146;s and ECC&#146;s performance and increasing the ability
 to attract and retain personnel . The separation
 will permit the creation of equity securities, including options
 and restricted share units, for each of ECC and our company with
 a value that is expected to reflect more closely the efforts and
 performance of each company&#146;s management. These equity
 securities will enable each separate, publicly-traded company to
 provide incentive compensation arrangements for its specific
 employee base that is directly related to the market performance
 of each company&#146;s respective Class A common stock. ECC
 believes these equity-based compensation arrangements will
 provide enhanced incentives for performance and improve the
 ability for each of EHC and ECC to attract, retain and motivate
 qualified employees. Equity based compensation is believed to be
 particularly important in the case of emerging opportunities in
 our fixed satellite services and international opportunities
 divisions, which are young businesses in dynamic markets with
 high potential, the achievements of which we believe can be
 enhanced greatly through incentive compensation arrangements.

 &#149; 
 
 Creating opportunities to effectively develop and finance
 expansion plans. The spin-off will allow each of
 ECC and our company to develop financing strategies and capital
 structures designed to correspond better to the underlying
 fundamentals of its businesses and the industry in which it
 operates. As a separate, publicly-traded company, our capital
 structure is expected to facilitate selective acquisitions,
 joint ventures, investments and financings, possibly using our
 common stock as currency, as well as to facilitate strategic
 alliances and internal expansion that are important for us to
 remain competitive in our industry. Moreover,

 33

 Table of Contents 

 the spin-off may provide both ECC and EHC with greater
 flexibility in raising capital and responding to strategic
 opportunities and to avoid competing demands for capital.

 &#149; 
 
 Increasing the market value of the
 companies. Although there can be no assurance,
 ECC believes that, over time, following the separation, the
 common stock of the separate, publicly-traded companies should
 have a higher aggregate market value, on a fully distributed
 basis and assuming the same market conditions, than if ECC were
 not to complete the separation. The ECC board of directors
 believes that this increase in the market value of the common
 stock, if achieved, should permit each separate, publicly-traded
 company to effect acquisitions, joint ventures and investments
 with common stock in a manner that preserves capital with less
 dilution of the existing shareholders&#146; interests than would
 occur by issuing pre-distribution ECC common stock.

 &#149; 
 
 Allowing each company to separately pursue the business
 strategies that best suit its long-term
 interest. Each of ECC and EHC will be able to
 focus its efforts on its strategic priorities, its businesses
 and growth opportunities, which will allow each company to
 respond more quickly and efficiently to developments in the
 industry or industries in which it operates and which may
 facilitate the potential expansion and growth of each company.
 As a separate, publicly-traded company, the separation will
 permit us to focus on, among other things, our set-top box
 business, our international opportunities and investments, and
 particularly our fixed satellite services business, without the
 need to consider the strategic direction of ECC.

 &#149; 
 
 Creating separate companies that have different financial
 characteristics, which may appeal to different investor
 bases. Establishing separate, publicly-traded
 companies will allow investors to make independent investment
 decisions with respect to ECC and us. Investment in one or the
 other company may appeal to investors with different goals,
 interests and concerns.

 The board of directors of ECC also considered the costs and
 risks associated with the spin-off. The board of directors of
 ECC considered, among other factors, any potential negative
 impact on ECC&#146;s credit ratings as a result of the
 divestiture of assets that will be contributed to us; the
 possibility that either we or ECC may experience disruptions in
 our respective businesses as a result of the spin-off; actual or
 perceived conflicts of interest that may arise between ECC and
 us in a number of areas relating to our past and ongoing
 relationships, including: (i) cross officerships,
 directorships and stock ownership, (ii) intercompany
 transactions, (iii) intercompany agreements and
 (iv) business opportunities; the risk that the combined
 trading prices of our common stock and ECC&#146;s common stock
 after the spin-off may be lower than the trading price of
 ECC&#146;s common stock before the spin-off; the loss of
 synergies from operating as one company; and the additional
 legal, accounting and administrative costs associated with our
 becoming a separate, publicly-traded company. In view of the
 wide variety of factors considered in connection with the
 evaluation of the spin-off and the complexity of these matters,
 the ECC board of directors did not find it useful to, and did
 not attempt to quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative
 weights to the factors considered. The board of directors of ECC
 concluded, however, that the potential benefits of the spin-off
 outweigh the potential negative factors, and that separating the
 non-core business of ECC from ECC in the form of a tax-free
 distribution to ECC shareholders is appropriate and advisable
 for ECC and its shareholders.

 Manner of
 Effecting the Spin-Off 

 ECC will effect the spin-off by distributing to its shareholders
 as a dividend:

 &#149; 
 
 One share of our Class A common stock for every five shares
 of ECC Class A common stock,

 and

 &#149; 
 
 One share of our Class B common stock for every five shares
 of ECC Class B common stock,

 in each case, owned of record by each shareholder on the record
 date.

 Prior to the spin-off, ECC will deliver all of the issued and
 outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and
 Class B common stock to the distribution agent. On or about
 January 1, 2008, which we refer to as the distribution
 date, the distribution agent will effect delivery of the shares
 of our common stock issuable in the spin-off electronically, as
 of the distribution date, to you or to your bank or brokerage
 firm on your behalf by

 34

 Table of Contents 

 way of direct registration in book-entry form. Registration in
 book-entry form refers to a method of recording share ownership
 when no physical share certificates are issued to shareholders,
 as is the case in this distribution.

 Commencing on or shortly after the distribution date, if you
 hold physical share certificates that represent your common
 stock of ECC and you are the registered holder of the ECC shares
 represented by those certificates, the distribution agent will
 mail to you an account statement that indicates the number of
 shares of our common stock that have been registered in
 book-entry form in your name.

 Please note that if any shareholder of ECC on the record date
 sells shares of ECC common stock after the record date but on or
 before the distribution date, the buyer of those shares, and not
 the seller, will become entitled to receive the shares of our
 common stock issuable in respect of the shares sold. See
 &#147; &#151; Trading Between the Record Date and the
 Distribution Date&#148; below for more information.

 Most ECC shareholders hold their common stock of ECC through a
 bank or brokerage firm. In such cases, the bank or brokerage
 firm would be said to hold the shares in &#147;street name&#148;
 and ownership would be recorded on the bank or brokerage
 firm&#146;s books. If you hold your ECC common stock through a
 bank or brokerage firm, your bank or brokerage firm will credit
 your account for the common stock of our company that you are
 entitled to receive in the spin-off. If you have any questions
 concerning the mechanics of having shares held in &#147;street
 name,&#148; we encourage you to contact your bank or brokerage
 firm.

 Shareholders of ECC are not being asked to take any action in
 connection with the spin-off. No shareholder approval of the
 spin-off is required or being sought. We are not asking you for
 a proxy, and you are requested not to send us a proxy. You are
 also not being asked to surrender any of your shares of ECC
 common stock for shares of our common stock. The number of
 outstanding shares of ECC common stock will not change as a
 result of the spin-off.

 Interests
 of EHC directors and officers in the spin-off 

 In connection with the spin-off, EHC directors and executive
 officers have interests in the spin-off that are different from,
 or in addition to, your interests as a shareholder, and that may
 present actual or potential conflicts of interest. These
 interests include:

 &#149; 
 
 vesting of EHC stock options and restricted stock unit awards
 held by EHC directors and executive officers;

 &#149; 
 
 payment of base compensation and annual bonuses to EHC executive
 officers;

 &#149; 
 
 indemnification of EHC directors and executive officers pursuant
 to EHC&#146;s articles of incorporation and bylaws;

 &#149; 
 
 Charles W. Ergen, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
 ECC, will also be the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
 EHC following the spin-off; and

 &#149; 
 
 five directors from ECC&#146;s board of directors after the
 distribution, currently expected to be Charles W. Ergen, Steven
 R. Goodbarn, David K. Moskowitz, Tom A. Ortloff and Carl Vogel,
 will be designated by EHC to serve on its board of directors. In
 addition, two EHC directors, Michael T. Dugan and
 C. Michael Schroeder, will resign from the board of
 directors of ECC on or prior to the distribution date.

 Treatment
 of Fractional Shares 

 The distribution agent will not distribute any fractional shares
 in connection with the spin-off. Instead, any shareholder who
 would be entitled to receive a fractional share of our
 Class A common stock will instead receive a cash payment in
 lieu of such fractional share. The distribution agent will
 aggregate all fractional shares into whole shares and sell the
 whole shares in the open market at prevailing market prices. The
 distribution agent will then distribute the aggregate net cash
 proceeds of the sales pro rata to each holder who otherwise
 would have been entitled to receive a fractional share. The
 distribution agent, in its sole discretion, without any
 influence by ECC or us, will determine when, how, through which
 broker-dealer and at what price to sell the whole shares. We
 will reimburse the distribution agent for the cost of any
 brokerage fees incurred

 35

 Table of Contents 

 by the distribution agent in connection with these sales, which
 we expect to be reasonable and customary for transactions of
 this type. The distribution agent and any broker-dealer used by
 the distribution agent will not be an affiliate of either ECC or
 us. Any shareholder who would be entitled to receive a
 fractional share of our Class B common stock will have such
 fractional share rounded off and will instead receive the number
 of whole shares they are entitled to receive without regard to
 any fractional share. The elimination of fractional shares of
 our Class B common stock is due the limited number of
 Class B shareholders and the small number of fractional
 shares that would therefore result from the spin-off, making an
 aggregation and public sale of such fractional shares
 impractical.

 The distribution agent will distribute a check to each record
 holder of Class A shares representing the cash amount
 deliverable in lieu of the record holder&#146;s fractional share
 interest as soon as practicable following the calculation of
 these cash amounts. If you hold your shares through a bank or
 brokerage firm, your bank or brokerage firm will receive, on
 your behalf, your pro rata share of the aggregate net cash
 proceeds of the sales and will electronically credit your
 account for your share of such proceeds. No interest will be
 paid on any cash distributed in lieu of fractional shares. The
 receipt of cash in lieu of fractional shares will generally be
 taxable to the recipient shareholders. See
 &#147;&#151; Material U.S. Federal Income Tax
 Consequences of the Spin-Off&#148; below for more information.

 Treatment
 of ECC Stock Incentive Awards 

 Options to purchase shares of ECC Class A common stock,
 which we refer to as ECC Options, and restricted stock units
 with respect to shares of ECC Class A common stock, which
 we refer to as ECC RSUs have been granted to various directors,
 officers and employees of ECC and certain of its subsidiaries
 pursuant to the EchoStar Communications Corporation 1995 Stock
 Incentive Plan, the Amended and Restated EchoStar Communications
 Corporation 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, the Amended and Restated
 EchoStar Communications 2001 Nonemployee Director Stock Option
 Plan and the EchoStar Communications Corporation 1995
 Nonemployee Director Stock Option Plan and various other stock
 incentive plans administered by the compensation committee of
 ECC&#146;s board of directors. Under the anti-dilution
 provisions of the applicable plans, the ECC compensation
 committee has the authority to make equitable adjustments to
 outstanding ECC Options and ECC RSUs in the event of certain
 transactions, including the distribution of our common stock in
 connection with the spin-off. The ECC compensation committee has
 determined to make various adjustments to outstanding ECC
 Options and ECC RSUs, as described below, to preserve the
 economic benefits of the original award following the spin-off.
 These adjustments will be made in the same manner for all
 holders of ECC options and other stock-based awards of ECC,
 including ECC&#146;s executive officers and directors. Any
 options to purchase, or awards relating to, shares of our common
 stock issued in connection with such adjustments will be
 obligations of our company. All options exercisable for, and all
 awards relating to, shares of ECC Class A common stock,
 regardless of any adjustment, will remain obligations of ECC.

 We intend to file a registration statement with respect to
 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise, or vesting,
 of the equity awards that we issue, as soon as practicable
 following the effective date of this registration statement.

 Option
 Awards 

 As of the distribution date, each ECC Option will be divided
 into two options as follows:

 &#149; 
 
 an option (which we refer to as an EHC Option) to purchase
 shares of our Class A common stock, exercisable for the
 number of shares of our Class A common stock that would
 have been issued in the spin-off in respect of the shares of ECC
 Class A common stock subject to the applicable ECC Option,
 if such ECC Option had been exercised in full immediately prior
 to the record date, rounded down to the nearest
 whole-share; and

 &#149; 
 
 an option (which we refer to as an Adjusted ECC option) to
 purchase shares of ECC Class A common stock, exercisable
 for the same number of shares of ECC Class A common stock
 that are exercisable with respect to the outstanding ECC Option,
 rounded down to the nearest whole-share.

 36

 Table of Contents 

 The aggregate exercise price of each outstanding ECC option will
 be allocated between the EHC Option and the Adjusted ECC Option
 as follows:

 &#149; 
 
 each EHC Option will have an exercise price equal to
 (A) the exercise price of the ECC option prior to the
 distribution date multiplied by (B) (i) the closing trading
 price of EHC Class A common stock on the first regular
 trading day after the distribution date divided by (ii) the
 sum of (a) the closing trading price of ECC Class A
 common stock on the first regular trading day after the
 distribution date and (b) the closing trading price of EHC
 Class A common stock on the first regular trading day after
 the distribution date multiplied by 0.20, which we refer to as
 the dividend ratio for EHC Class A common stock distributed
 in the spin-off, rounded up to the nearest whole-cent.

 &#149; 
 
 each Adjusted ECC Option will have an exercise price equal to
 (A) the exercise price of the ECC option prior to the
 distribution date multiplied by (B) (i) the closing trading
 price of ECC Class A common stock on the first regular
 trading day after to the distribution date divided by
 (ii) the sum of (a) the closing trading price of ECC
 Class A common stock on the first regular trading day after
 to the distribution date and (b) the closing trading price
 of EHC Class A common stock on the first regular trading
 day after the distribution date multiplied by the dividend
 ratio, rounded up to the nearest whole-cent.

 Set forth below is an example of how the allocation would work.

 Assume that a current employee, executive officer or director of
 ECC holds an option to purchase 100 shares of ECC
 Class A common stock with an exercise price of $10.00 per
 share. Also assume that the closing trading price of ECC common
 stock on the first regular trading day after the distribution
 date is $35.00, the closing trading price of EHC common stock on
 the first regular trading day after the distribution date is
 $25.00 and 0.20 of a share of EHC Class A common stock has
 been issued for every share of ECC Class A common stock
 held by a shareholder of ECC. The EHC Option would be an option
 to purchase 20 shares of EHC Class A common stock
 ( i.e. , 100 x 0.20) with an exercise price of $6.25 per
 share ( i.e. , $10 * ($25 / ($35 + $5))). The
 Adjusted ECC Option would be an option to purchase
 100 shares of ECC Class A common stock with an
 exercise price of $8.75 per share ( i.e. , $10 *
 ($35 / ($35 + $5))). Assuming that the value of ECC
 immediately prior to the allocation was equal to the combined
 value of ECC and EHC following the spin-off ( i.e. , ($35 +
 ($25 * 0.2)), or $40), the intrinsic value of the ECC stock
 option prior to the allocation was $3,000 ( i.e. ,
 ($40 &#8722; $10) * 100), and after the allocation, the
 intrinsic value of the EHC Option and Adjusted ECC Option, taken
 together, would still be $3,000 ( i.e. , ($25 &#8722;
 $6.25) * 20, or $375) plus ( i.e. ,
 ($35 &#8722; $8.75) * 100, or $2,625).

 Each Adjusted ECC Option and EHC Option will take into account
 all employment with both ECC and EHC for purposes of determining
 when the option vests and terminates. Fractional shares will be
 adjusted or compensated by ECC as appropriate in the sole
 discretion of the ECC compensation committee. All other terms
 and conditions of the EHC Option and the Adjusted ECC Option
 will generally be the same as the outstanding ECC Option, in all
 material respects.

 As a result of these adjustments, certain persons who are
 employed by or associated with ECC immediately following the
 distribution date will hold EHC Options, and certain persons who
 will be employed by or associated with our company immediately
 following the distribution date may hold Adjusted ECC Options.
 Regardless of these employment or other relationships, ECC will
 not be responsible for the exercise or settlement of any EHC
 Option, and we will not be responsible for the exercise or
 settlement of any option to purchase ECC common stock (including
 an Adjusted ECC Option). Any exercising holder of an EHC Option
 must exercise the security directly with us. Similarly, any
 exercising holder of an option to purchase ECC common stock must
 exercise the security directly with ECC. In this regard, we will
 enter into an option agreement with each holder of an EHC
 Option, and, if necessary, ECC will amend its existing option
 agreement with each holder of an outstanding ECC Option, in each
 case to reflect the provisions described above.

 Restricted
 Stock Unit Awards 

 For each ECC RSU outstanding as of the distribution date, the
 holder of such ECC RSU will be entitled to receive, for each
 share of ECC Class A common stock subject thereto, an EHC
 RSU with respect to the

 37

 Table of Contents 

 number of shares our Class A common stock that would have
 been issued in the spin-off in respect of the shares of ECC
 Class A common stock subject to the applicable ECC RSU.

 The distribution will not have any other effect on the
 outstanding ECC RSUs, and the RSUs relating to our common stock
 will be subject to the same terms and conditions as apply to the
 ECC awards with respect to which the adjustment, or
 distribution, as applicable, is made. Each such award will take
 into account all employment with both ECC and EHC for purposes
 of determining when the award vests or the restrictions on the
 award lapse, as applicable. Fractional shares will be adjusted
 or compensated by ECC as appropriate in the sole discretion of
 the ECC compensation committee.

 Material
 U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off 

 The following is a summary of certain material U.S. federal
 income tax consequences to the holders of ECC common stock in
 connection with the spin-off. The summary is based on the Code,
 the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder and judicial and
 administrative interpretations thereof, in each case as in
 effect and available as of the date of this document and all of
 which are subject to change at any time, possibly with
 retroactive effect. Any such change could affect the tax
 consequences described below.

 This summary does not discuss all tax considerations that may be
 relevant to shareholders in light of their particular
 circumstances, nor does it address the consequences to
 shareholders subject to special treatment under the
 U.S. federal income tax laws, such as:

 &#149; 
 
 dealers or traders in securities or currencies;

 &#149; 
 
 tax-exempt entities;

 &#149; 
 
 banks, financial institutions or insurance companies;

 &#149; 
 
 real estate investment trusts, regulated investment companies or
 grantor trusts;

 &#149; 
 
 persons who acquired ECC common stock pursuant to the exercise
 of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation;

 &#149; 
 
 shareholders who own, or are deemed to own, at least 10% or
 more, by voting power or value, of ECC&#146;s equity;

 &#149; 
 
 holders owning ECC common stock as part of a position in a
 straddle or as part of a hedging, conversion or other risk
 reduction transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

 &#149; 
 
 certain former citizens or long-term residents of the United
 States;

 &#149; 
 
 holders who are subject to the alternative minimum tax;

 &#149; 
 
 persons that own ECC common stock through partnerships or other
 pass through entities; or

 &#149; 
 
 holders of ECC common stock who are neither citizens nor
 residents of the United States, or that are foreign
 corporations, foreign partnerships or foreign estates or trusts
 for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

 This summary does not address the U.S. federal income tax
 consequences to ECC shareholders who do not hold ECC common
 stock as a capital asset. Moreover, this summary does not
 address any state, local or foreign tax consequences.

 If a partnership (or any other entity treated as a partnership
 for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds ECC common
 stock, the tax treatment of a partner in such partnership will
 generally depend on the status of the partner and the activities
 of the partnership. Such a partner or partnership should consult
 its own tax advisor as to its tax consequences.

 38

 Table of Contents 

 You
 should consult your own tax advisor with respect to the U.S.
 federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of the
 distribution. 

 The spin-off is conditioned upon ECC&#146;s receipt of an
 opinion of White &#038; Case LLP to be delivered on the
 distribution date (which condition ECC may waive), substantially
 to the effect that the spin-off, together with certain related
 transactions, will qualify as reorganizations under
 Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code. In addition, ECC
 has applied for a private letter ruling from the IRS that the
 distribution will so qualify. Assuming the spin-off so qualifies
 for U.S. federal income tax purposes:

 &#149; 
 
 except with respect to gain or loss recognized under the
 applicable Treasury Regulations governing consolidated tax
 returns, the spin-off will not result in any taxable income,
 gain or loss to ECC;

 &#149; 
 
 no gain or loss will be recognized by, or be includible in the
 income of, a shareholder of ECC common stock solely as the
 result of the receipt of our common stock in the spin-off,
 except, as described below, in connection with cash received in
 lieu of fractional shares of our Class A common stock;

 &#149; 
 
 the basis of the ECC common stock and our common stock in the
 hands of ECC&#146;s shareholders immediately after the spin-off
 will be the same as the basis of the ECC common stock
 immediately before the spin-off, allocated between the common
 stock of ECC and us in proportion to their relative fair market
 values on the date of the distribution; and

 &#149; 
 
 the holding period of our common stock received by ECC
 shareholders will include the holding period of their ECC common
 stock, provided that such ECC common stock is held as a capital
 asset on the date of the spin-off.

 ECC shareholders that have acquired different blocks of ECC
 common stock at different times or at different prices should
 consult their tax advisors regarding the allocation of their
 aggregate adjusted basis among, and their holding period of,
 shares of our common stock distributed with respect to such
 blocks of ECC common stock.

 If you receive cash in lieu of a fractional share of
 Class A common stock as part of the spin-off, you will be
 treated as though you first received a distribution of the
 fractional share in the spin-off and then sold it for the amount
 of such cash. You will generally recognize capital gain or loss,
 provided that the fractional share is considered to be held as a
 capital asset, measured by the difference between the cash you
 receive for such fractional share and your tax basis in that
 fractional share, as determined above. Such capital gain or loss
 will be a long-term capital gain or loss if your holding period
 for your ECC common stock is more than one year on the
 distribution date.

 Although a private letter ruling relating to the qualification
 of the spin-off and certain related transactions under
 Sections 355 and 368(a)(l)(D) of the Code will generally be
 binding on the IRS, the continuing validity of such ruling, if
 obtained, will be subject to the accuracy of factual
 representations and assumptions made in the ruling request.
 Also, as part of the IRS&#146;s general policy with respect to
 rulings on spin-off transactions under Section 355 of the
 Code, any private letter ruling obtained by ECC will not be
 based upon a determination by the IRS that certain conditions
 which are necessary to obtain tax-free treatment under
 Section 355 of the Code have been satisfied. Rather, such
 private letter ruling will be based upon representations by ECC
 that these conditions have been satisfied, and any inaccuracy in
 such representations could invalidate the private letter ruling.
 As a result of this IRS policy, ECC has made it a condition to
 the spin-off that ECC obtain an opinion of White &#038;
 Case LLP on the distribution date substantially to the effect
 that the spin-off, together with certain related transactions,
 will qualify as reorganizations under Sections 355 and
 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code (which condition ECC may waive). The
 opinion will be based upon various factual representations and
 assumptions, as well as certain undertakings made by ECC and us.
 If any of those factual representations or assumptions were
 untrue or incomplete in any material respect, any undertaking
 was not complied with, or the facts upon which the opinion is
 based were materially different from the facts at the time of
 the spin-off, the spin-off may not qualify for tax-free
 treatment. Opinions of counsel are not binding on the IRS. As a
 result, the conclusions expressed in the opinion of counsel
 could be challenged by the IRS, and if the IRS prevails in such
 challenge, the tax consequences to you could be materially less
 favorable.

 39

 Table of Contents 

 The
 Spin-off 

 If the spin-off were not to qualify as a tax-free transaction,
 ECC would recognize taxable gain equal to the excess of the fair
 market value of our common stock distributed to ECC shareholders
 over ECC&#146;s tax basis in our common stock. In addition, each
 shareholder who receives our common stock in the spin-off would
 generally be treated as receiving a distribution in an amount
 equal to the fair market value of our common stock received,
 which would generally result in:

 &#149; 
 
 a taxable dividend to the extent of such shareholders&#146; pro
 rata share of ECC&#146;s current and accumulated earnings and
 profits;

 &#149; 
 
 a reduction in such shareholder&#146;s basis (but not below
 zero) in ECC common stock to the extent the amount received
 exceeds such shareholder&#146;s share of ECC&#146;s earnings and
 profits; and

 &#149; 
 
 a taxable gain from the exchange of ECC common stock to the
 extent the amount received exceeds both such shareholder&#146;s
 share of ECC&#146;s earnings and profits and such
 shareholder&#146;s basis in ECC common stock.

 Even if the spin-off otherwise qualifies for tax-free treatment
 under Section 355 of the Code, it may be disqualified as
 tax-free to ECC under Section 355(e) of the Code if 50% or
 more of the stock of either ECC or us is acquired as part of a
 plan or series of related transactions that include the
 distribution. For this purpose, any acquisitions of our stock or
 ECC&#146;s stock within two years before or after the
 distribution are presumed to be part of such a plan, although
 ECC or we may be able to rebut that presumption. If such an
 acquisition of our stock or ECCs stock triggers the application
 of Section 355(e) of the Code, ECC would recognize taxable
 gain as described above with respect to the spin-off, but the
 spin-off would generally be tax-free to each ECC shareholder.
 Under the tax sharing agreement between ECC and us, we would be
 required to indemnify ECC against that taxable gain if it were
 triggered by an acquisition of our stock, stock options or
 assets. Additionally, pursuant to the tax sharing agreement
 between ECC and us, we would be required to indemnify ECC
 against any taxes, losses, claims and expenses resulting from
 the spin-off and certain related transactions failing to qualify
 as tax-free distributions pursuant to any provision of
 Section 355 or Section 361 of the Code in certain
 other circumstances.

 ECC may incur some tax cost in connection with the spin-off (as
 a result of certain intercompany transactions or as a result of
 certain differences between federal, on the one hand, and
 foreign or state tax rules, on the other), whether or not the
 spin-off qualifies for tax-free treatment under
 Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code.

 Information
 Statement 

 U.S. Treasury Regulations require each ECC shareholder that
 (i) receives shares of our stock in the spin-off and
 (ii) immediately before the spin-off owned five percent or
 more (by vote or value) of the total outstanding stock of ECC,
 to attach to such shareholder&#146;s U.S. federal income
 tax return for the year in which such stock is received a
 statement setting forth certain information related to the
 spin-off.

 THE ABOVE DESCRIPTION IS NOT INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE A
 COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF ALL TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO THE
 SPIN-OFF. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR CONCERNING THE
 TAX CONSEQUENCES OF YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION. 

 Results
 of the Spin-Off 

 After the spin-off, we will be an independent, publicly-traded
 company. Immediately following the spin-off, we expect to have
 outstanding approximately 42.0 million shares of our
 Class A common stock and approximately 47.7 million
 shares of our Class B common stock, based upon the number
 of shares of ECC Class A common stock and ECC Class B
 common stock outstanding as of November 30, 2007. The
 actual number of shares of our Class A common stock and
 Class B common stock to be distributed in the spin-off will
 depend upon the actual number of shares of ECC Class A
 common stock and ECC Class B common stock outstanding on
 the record date and will reflect any exercise of ECC options
 between the date the ECC

 40

 Table of Contents 

 board of directors declares the dividend for the spin-off and
 the record date of the spin-off. In addition, no shares of our
 Class C common stock or Class D common stock will be
 outstanding immediately following the spin-off. The spin-off
 will not affect the number of outstanding shares of ECC common
 stock or any rights of ECC shareholders, although it will affect
 the market value of each outstanding share of ECC common stock.

 Immediately following the spin-off, we expect to have
 approximately 11,500 holders of record of shares of our
 Class A common stock. Mr. Ergen and entities related
 to Mr. Ergen will be the only holders of record of our
 Class B common stock following the spin-off.

 Before the spin-off, we will enter into a Separation Agreement
 and other agreements with ECC to effect the spin-off and provide
 a framework for our relationship with ECC after the spin-off.
 These agreements will govern the relationships among ECC and us
 subsequent to the completion of the spin-off and provide for the
 allocation among ECC and us of ECC&#146;s assets, liabilities
 and obligations attributable to periods prior to our separation
 from ECC. The Separation Agreement, in particular, requires ECC
 to assume certain of ECC&#146;s contingent corporate liabilities
 and debt.

 Listing
 and Trading of our Common Stock 

 On the date of this information statement, we are a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of ECC. Accordingly, there is currently no public
 market for our common stock; although a &#147;when-issued&#148;
 market in our Class A common stock may develop. See
 &#147;&#151; Trading Between the Record Date and
 Distribution Date&#148; below for an explanation of a
 &#147;when-issued&#148; market. We have applied to list our
 shares of Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select
 Market under the symbol
 &#147;[ ].&#148;
 Following the spin-off, ECC Class A common stock will
 continue to trade on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the
 symbol &#147;DISH.&#148;

 Neither we nor ECC can assure you as to the trading price of ECC
 Class A common stock or our Class A common stock after
 the spin-off or as to whether the combined trading prices of our
 Class A common stock and the ECC Class A common stock
 after the spin-off will be less than, equal to or greater than
 the trading prices of ECC Class A common stock prior to the
 spin-off. The trading price of our Class A common stock may
 fluctuate significantly following the spin-off. See &#147;Risk
 Factors &#151; Risks Relating to Our Common Stock and the
 Securities Market.&#148;

 The shares of our common stock distributed to ECC&#146;s
 shareholders will be freely transferable, except for shares
 received by individuals who are our affiliates and any shares
 distributed in respect of any ECC RSUs. Individuals who may be
 considered our affiliates after the spin-off include individuals
 who control, are controlled by or are under common control with
 us, as those terms generally are interpreted for federal
 securities law purposes. This may include some or all of our
 executive officers and directors. Individuals who are our
 affiliates will be permitted to sell their shares of our common
 stock only pursuant to an effective registration statement under
 the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or an exemption from the
 registration requirements of the Securities Act, such as the
 exemptions afforded by Section 4(1) of the Securities Act
 or Rule 144 thereunder. Our affiliates will not be
 permitted to sell shares of our common stock under Rule 144
 until 90 days after the date on which the registration
 statement of which this information statement forms a part is
 declared effective.

 Trading
 Between the Record Date and Distribution Date 

 Between the record date and the distribution date, ECC
 Class A common stock will continue to trade on the Nasdaq
 Global Select Market in the regular way market. During this
 time, shares of ECC Class A common stock that trade on the
 regular way market will trade with an entitlement to receive
 shares of our Class A common stock distributable in the
 spin-off. No ex-dividend market will be established for any
 class of our common stock until the first trading day following
 the distribution date. Therefore, if you own shares of ECC
 common stock on the record date and thereafter sell those shares
 on or prior to the distribution date, you will also be selling
 the shares of our common stock that would have been distributed
 to you in the spin-off with respect to the shares of ECC common
 stock you sell. On the first trading day following the
 distribution date, shares of ECC Class A common stock will
 begin trading without any entitlement to receive shares of our
 common stock. Shares of ECC Class A common stock trade
 under the symbol &#147;DISH.&#148;

 41

 Table of Contents 

 Between the record date and the distribution date, a when-issued
 trading market in our Class A common stock may develop. Our
 Class A common stock is expected to be listed for trading
 on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. The when-issued trading
 market would be a market for the shares of our Class A
 common stock that will be distributed in the spin-off. If you
 own shares of ECC common stock on the record date (and do not
 sell those shares of ECC common stock on or before the
 distribution date), then you are entitled to a number of shares
 of the same class of our common stock based upon the number of
 shares of such class of ECC common stock you held at that time.
 If you own ECC Class A common stock, you may trade this
 entitlement to receive shares of our common stock, without the
 shares of ECC Class A common stock you own, on the
 when-issued trading market. We expect when-issued trades of our
 Class A common stock to settle within three trading days
 after the distribution date. On the first trading day following
 the distribution date, any when-issued trading with respect to
 our Class A common stock will end and regular way trading
 will begin. If when-issued trading occurs, the listing for our
 Class A common stock is expected to be under trading
 symbols different from our regular way trading symbols.
 Following the distribution date, shares of our Class A
 common stock are expected to be listed on the Nasdaq Global
 Select Market under the trading symbol
 &#147;[ ].&#148;
 If the spin-off does not occur, all when-issued trading will be
 null and void.

 Conditions
 to the Spin-Off 

 We expect that the spin-off will be effective on the
 distribution date, provided, that among other conditions
 described in this information statement, the following
 conditions shall have been satisfied or waived by ECC under the
 Separation Agreement:

 &#149; 
 
 the Securities and Exchange Commission shall have declared
 effective our registration statement on Form 10, of which
 this information statement is a part, under the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, no stop order relating to the registration
 statement shall be in effect and this information statement
 shall have been mailed to holders of ECC common stock;

 &#149; 
 
 all permits, registrations and consents required under the
 securities or blue sky laws in connection with the spin-off
 shall have been received;

 &#149; 
 
 ECC shall have received the opinion of White &#038; Case
 LLP confirming the tax-free status of the spin-off and certain
 related transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes
 on the distribution date;

 &#149; 
 
 the listing of our common shares on the Nasdaq Global Select
 Market shall have been approved;

 &#149; 
 
 all material governmental approvals and other consents necessary
 to consummate the distribution, including without limitation FCC
 approvals, shall have been received; and

 &#149; 
 
 no order, injunction or decree issued by any court of competent
 jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing
 consummation of the distribution or any of the transactions
 related thereto shall be in effect.

 The fulfillment of the foregoing conditions will not create any
 obligation on ECC&#146;s part to effect the spin-off. ECC has
 the right not to complete the spin-off if, at any time,
 ECC&#146;s board of directors determines, in its sole
 discretion, that the distribution is not in the best interests
 of ECC or its stockholders or that market conditions are such
 that it is not advisable to separate EHC from ECC.

 Reasons
 for Furnishing this Information Statement 

 This information statement is being furnished solely to provide
 information to ECC shareholders who will receive shares of our
 common stock in the spin-off. It is not to be construed as an
 inducement or encouragement to buy or sell any of our securities
 or any securities of ECC. We believe that the information
 contained in this information statement is accurate as of the
 date set forth on the cover. Changes to the information
 contained in this information statement may occur after that
 date, and neither our company nor ECC undertakes any obligation
 to update the information except in the normal course of our
 respective public disclosure obligations and practices.

 42

 Table of Contents 

 SELECTED
 HISTORICAL AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED 
 AND ADJUSTED FINANCIAL DATA 

 The following tables present selected historical information
 relating to our combined financial condition and results of
 operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2007 and
 2006 and the past five years. The financial data for the three
 years ended December 31, 2006 has been derived from our
 audited combined financial statements for the corresponding
 periods. Data for the other periods presented has been derived
 from unaudited information. The data should be read in
 conjunction with our combined financial statements and
 &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations&#148; included elsewhere
 herein. Our historical and pro forma financial data included in
 this information statement may not be indicative of our future
 performance and does not necessarily reflect what our financial
 condition and results of operations would have been had we
 operated as a separate, stand-alone entity during the periods
 presented, particularly since changes will occur in our
 operations and capitalization as a result of our spin-off from
 ECC. Our audited combined financial statements reflect the
 historical financial position and results of operations of
 entities included in consolidated financial statements of ECC,
 representing almost exclusively ECC&#146;s set-top box business,
 using the historical results of operations and historical bases
 of assets and liabilities of this business. Our historical
 combined financial statements reflect sales to ECC at cost and
 do not include certain satellites, uplink and satellite
 transmission assets, real estate and other assets and related
 liabilities that will be contributed to us by ECC in the
 spin-off. These assets and liabilities, which will primarily
 comprise our fixed satellite services business, have been
 separately audited and are included in the Statement of Net
 Assets to be Contributed by ECC and Unaudited Pro Forma Combined
 and Adjusted Financial Information included herein. The
 financial condition and results of operations of our fixed
 satellite services business have not been included in our
 historical combined financial statements because our fixed
 satellite services business was operated as an integral part of
 ECC&#146;s subscription television business and did not
 constitute a &#147;business&#148; in the historical financial
 statements of ECC. Our historical financial data also does not
 include financial information of Sling Media, Inc., which was
 recently acquired by ECC and will be contributed to us in the
 spin-off. Sling Media&#146;s audited consolidated financial
 statements are included elsewhere in this information statement,
 and its historical financial information also has been included
 in our &#147;Unaudited Pro Forma Combined and Adjusted
 Financial Information.&#148; 

 For the Nine Months 

 Ended September 30, 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 

 Statements of 

 2007 

 2006 

 Operations Data: 

 Pro Forma 

 2007 

 2006 

 Pro Forma 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 2003 

 2002 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands) 

 Revenue

 $

 1,592,381

 $

 1,182,768

 $

 1,132,899

 $

 2,080,259

 $

 1,525,320

 $

 1,513,691

 $

 1,720,091

 $

 976,636

 $

 1,037,862

 Costs and Expenses:

 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)

 1,247,536

 1,121,067

 1,065,216

 1,609,571

 1,440,178

 1,438,629

 1,650,775

 886,665

 934,997

 Research and development

 53,712

 40,634

 39,093

 62,966

 56,451

 45,928

 39,809

 32,361

 32,966

 General and administrative, including sales and marketing

 93,962

 56,844

 43,973

 100,400

 60,106

 56,366

 65,059

 50,472

 72,366

 Depreciation and amortization

 211,499

 4,391

 4,593

 285,987

 6,032

 5,832

 5,071

 5,511

 6,655

 Total costs and expenses

 1,606,709

 1,222,936

 1,152,875

 2,058,924

 1,562,767

 1,546,755

 1,760,714

 975,009

 1,046,984

 Operating income (loss)

 $

 (14,328

 )

 $

 (40,168

 )

 $

 (19,976

 )

 $

 21,335

 $

 (37,447

 )

 $

 (33,064

 )

 $

 (40,623

 )

 $

 1,627

 $

 (9,122

 )

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (9,296

 )

 $

 (39,943

 )

 $

 (20,486

 )

 $

 104,835

 $

 (34,162

 )

 $

 (44,940

 )

 $

 (43,237

 )

 $

 4,329

 $

 (97,368

 )

 Pro forma earnings per share: 

 Basic

 $

 (0.10

 )

 $

 1.17

 Diluted

 $

 (0.10

 )

 $

 1.16

 Pro forma shares outstanding: 

 Basic

 89,699

 89,699

 Diluted

 90,056

 90,056

 43

 Table of Contents 

 As of 

 September 30, 

 2007 

 As of December 31, 

 Balance Sheet Data: 

 Pro Forma 

 2007 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 2003 

 2002 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands) 

 Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities

 $

 1,538,516

 $

 530,753

 $

 323,576

 $

 106,109

 $

 143,437

 $

 156,814

 $

 52,148

 Restricted cash

 $

 3,550

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 1,581

 $

 1,699

 $

 1,523

 $

 &#151;

 Total assets

 $

 3,837,454

 $

 919,624

 $

 517,821

 $

 229,392

 $

 277,843

 $

 248,811

 $

 228,191

 Long-term debt (including current portion)

 $

 389,137

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 495

 $

 647

 $

 2,214

 $

 756

 Net investment in EHC

 $

 3,242,225

 $

 863,768

 $

 502,283

 $

 217,132

 $

 258,452

 $

 230,023

 $

 68,300

 For the Nine Months 

 Ended September 30, 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 

 Cash Flow Data: 

 2007 

 2006 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 2003 

 2002 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands) 

 Net cash flows from:

 Operating activities

 $

 (34,276

 )

 $

 (3,780

 )

 $

 (36,374

 )

 $

 (14,193

 )

 $

 (78,916

 )

 $

 (49,463

 )

 $

 (2,796

 )

 Investing activities

 $

 (160,236

 )

 $

 (75,953

 )

 $

 (54,781

 )

 $

 (16,700

 )

 $

 (5,619

 )

 $

 (12,244

 )

 $

 (30,814

 )

 Financing activities

 $

 198,625

 $

 91,176

 $

 104,534

 $

 39,782

 $

 69,715

 $

 74,899

 $

 35,390

 44

 Table of Contents 

 UNAUDITED
 PRO FORMA COMBINED AND ADJUSTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

 Our audited historical combined financial statements reflect the
 historical financial position and results of operations of
 entities included in the consolidated financial statements of
 ECC, principally representing only the digital set-top box
 business, using the historical results of operations and
 historical bases of assets and liabilities of this business. Our
 historical combined financial statements reflect sales to ECC at
 cost and do not include certain satellites, uplink and satellite
 transmission assets, real estate and other assets and related
 liabilities that will be contributed to us by ECC in the
 spin-off. These assets and liabilities, which will primarily
 comprise our fixed satellite services business, have been
 separately audited and are included in the Statement of Net
 Assets to be Contributed by ECC and Unaudited Pro Forma Combined
 and Adjusted Financial Information included herein. Our
 historical financial data also does not include financial
 information of Sling Media, Inc., which was recently acquired by
 ECC and will be contributed to us in the spin-off. Sling
 Media&#146;s audited consolidated financial statements are
 included elsewhere in this information statement, and its
 historical financial information also has been included in our
 Unaudited Pro Forma Combined and Adjusted Financial Information
 included herein.

 The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined and Adjusted Financial
 Information give effect to:

 &#149; 
 
 the contribution by ECC to us of the net assets to primarily be
 used in our fixed satellite services business, including
 $1 billion in cash;

 &#149; 
 
 the results of operations and other expenses, including
 depreciation expenses, related to the assets contributed to us
 by ECC to be used in our fixed satellite services business;

 &#149; 
 
 the impact of the transition services and commercial agreements
 between us and ECC;

 &#149; 
 
 the distribution of approximately 89.7 million shares of
 our common stock to holders of ECC stock; and

 &#149; 
 
 the contribution of Sling Media to us.

 The share numbers are based on ECC share numbers as of
 September 30, 2007, and the settlement amount is based on
 our balances as of September 30, 2007.

 The unaudited pro forma combined financial statements of EHC
 presented below have been derived in part from our audited
 combined financial statements for the year ended
 December 31, 2006 and from our unaudited combined financial
 statements as of and for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007.

 These unaudited pro forma combined financial statements should
 be read in conjunction with &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations&#148; and our combined financial statements and the
 notes to those statements included elsewhere in this information
 statement.

 The unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations for
 the nine months ended September 30, 2007 and for the year
 ended December 31, 2006 have been prepared as if the
 transactions described above occurred as of January 1,
 2006. The unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet as of
 September 30, 2007 has been prepared as if these
 transactions occurred as of September 30, 2007. The pro
 forma adjustments are based upon available information and
 assumptions that management believes are reasonable based on our
 current plans and expectations. However, such adjustments are
 subject to change based on the final valuation of Sling Media
 and the final terms of the spin-off and the transaction
 agreements. Our historical financial, pro forma and other data
 included in this information statement are not necessarily
 indicative of our future financial position, future results of
 operations or future cash flows, nor do they reflect what our
 financial position, results of operations or cash flows would
 have been as a stand-alone company during the periods presented.

 45

 Table of Contents 

 The preliminary allocation of the purchase price for Sling Media
 used in the unaudited pro forma combined financial information
 is based on preliminary estimates and currently available
 information. These assumptions and estimates will be revised as
 additional information becomes available upon final valuation of
 Sling Media&#146;s assets and liabilities. The final
 determination of the allocation of the purchase price will be
 based on the actual intangible assets, and net tangible assets
 of Sling Media existing as of the date of the acquisition.

 Our unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations do not
 give effect to initial expenses directly attributable to the
 spin-off because of their non-recurring nature. A significant
 portion of these non-recurring charges to effect the separation
 will be incurred by ECC, such as investment banker fees, outside
 legal and accounting fees relating to the spin-off, office move
 costs, costs to separate information systems and temporary
 consulting costs. We will incur separation costs that have a
 future benefit to our company such as employee compensation
 expenses and temporary labor used to develop ongoing processes.
 See &#147;Certain Intercompany Agreements.&#148;

 46

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 UNAUDITED
 PRO FORMA COMBINED AND ADJUSTED STATEMENTS OF
 OPERATIONS 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2006 

 Pro Forma 

 EHC 

 Pro Forma 

 Pro Forma 

 EHC 

 Spin 

 Pro Forma 

 Sling Media 

 Acquisition 

 Combined and 

 Historical 

 Adjustments 

 Adjusted 

 Historical 

 Adjustments 

 Adjusted 

 (In thousands) 

 Revenue: 

 Equipment and other sales &#151; ECC

 $

 1,288,691

 $

 172,418

 (a)

 $

 1,461,109

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 1,461,109

 Equipment sales

 236,629

 &#151;

 236,629

 29,055

 &#151;

 265,684

 FSS &#151; ECC

 &#151;

 331,434

 (b)

 331,434

 &#151;

 &#151;

 331,434

 FSS &#151; other

 &#151;

 8,557

 (c)

 8,557

 &#151;

 &#151;

 8,557

 Other &#151; ECC

 &#151;

 13,475

 (d)

 13,475

 &#151;

 &#151;

 13,475

 Total revenue

 1,525,320

 525,884

 2,051,204

 29,055

 &#151;

 2,080,259

 Costs and Expenses: 

 Cost of equipment and other sales

 1,440,178

 2,876

 (e)

 1,443,054

 20,191

 &#151;

 1,463,245

 FSS cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization(f))

 &#151;

 146,326

 (f)

 146,326

 &#151;

 &#151;

 146,326

 Research and development

 56,451

 &#151;

 56,451

 6,515

 &#151;

 62,966

 General and administrative

 60,106

 16,166

 (g)

 76,272

 5,573

 &#151;

 81,845

 Sales and marketing

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 18,555

 &#151;

 18,555

 Depreciation and amortization

 6,032

 231,823

 (h)

 237,855

 &#151;

 48,132

 (q)

 285,987

 Total costs and expenses

 1,562,767

 397,191

 1,959,958

 50,834

 48,132

 2,058,924

 Operating income (loss)

 (37,447

 )

 128,693

 91,246

 (21,779

 )

 (48,132

 )

 21,335

 Other Income (Expense): 

 Interest income

 831

 52,259

 (i)

 53,090

 1,478

 &#151;

 54,568

 Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized

 (1,059

 )

 (36,677

 )(j)

 (37,736

 )

 (512

 )

 &#151;

 (38,248

 )

 Other

 6,588

 (2,160

 )

 4,428

 (45

 )

 &#151;

 4,383

 Total other income (expense)

 6,360

 13,422

 19,782

 921

 &#151;

 20,703

 Income (loss) before income taxes

 (31,087

 )

 142,115

 111,028

 (20,858

 )

 (48,132

 )

 42,038

 Income tax (provision) benefit, net

 (3,075

 )

 53,616

 (k)

 50,541

 (74

 )

 12,330

 (l)

 62,797

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (34,162

 )

 $

 195,731

 $

 161,569

 $

 (20,932

 )

 $

 (35,802

 )

 $

 104,835

 Pro forma earnings per share:

 Basic(m)

 $

 1.17

 Diluted(m)

 $

 1.16

 Pro forma shares outstanding:

 Basic(m)

 89,699

 Diluted(m)

 90,056

 See accompanying notes.

 47

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 UNAUDITED
 PRO FORMA COMBINED AND ADJUSTED STATEMENTS OF
 OPERATIONS 

 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2007 

 Pro Forma 

 Pro Forma 

 Pro Forma 

 EHC 

 Spin 

 EHC 

 Sling Media 

 Acquisition 

 Combined and 

 Historical 

 Adjustments 

 Pro Forma 

 Historical 

 Adjustments 

 Adjusted 

 (In thousands) 

 Revenue: 

 Equipment and other sales &#151; ECC

 $

 1,019,729

 $

 135,720

 (a)

 $

 1,155,449

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 1,155,449

 Equipment sales

 163,039

 &#151;

 163,039

 21,233

 &#151;

 184,272

 FSS &#151; ECC

 &#151;

 227,619

 (b)

 227,619

 &#151;

 &#151;

 227,619

 FSS &#151; other

 &#151;

 14,871

 (c)

 14,871

 &#151;

 &#151;

 14,871

 Other &#151; ECC

 &#151;

 10,170

 (d)

 10,170

 &#151;

 &#151;

 10,170

 Total revenue

 1,182,768

 388,380

 1,571,148

 21,233

 &#151;

 1,592,381

 Costs and Expenses: 

 Cost of equipment and other sales

 1,121,067

 2,010

 (e)

 1,123,077

 15,408

 &#151;

 1,138,485

 FSS cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization(f))

 &#151;

 109,051

 (f)

 109,051

 &#151;

 &#151;

 109,051

 Research and development

 40,634

 &#151;

 40,634

 13,078

 &#151;

 53,712

 General and administrative

 56,844

 13,491

 (g)

 70,335

 3,932

 &#151;

 74,267

 Sales and marketing

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 19,695

 &#151;

 19,695

 Depreciation and amortization

 4,391

 171,009

 (h)

 175,400

 &#151;

 36,099

 (q)

 211,499

 Total costs and expenses

 1,222,936

 295,561

 1,518,497

 52,113

 36,099

 1,606,709

 Operating income (loss)

 (40,168

 )

 92,819

 52,651

 (30,880

 )

 (36,099

 )

 (14,328

 )

 Other Income (Expense): 

 Interest income

 2,861

 42,981

 (i)

 45,842

 378

 &#151;

 46,220

 Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized

 (785

 )

 (25,557

 )(j)

 (26,342

 )

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (26,342

 )

 Other

 782

 (38

 )

 744

 (493

 )

 &#151;

 251

 Total other income (expense)

 2,858

 17,386

 20,244

 (115

 )

 &#151;

 20,129

 Income (loss) before income taxes

 (37,310

 )

 110,205

 72,895

 (30,995

 )

 (36,099

 )

 5,801

 Income tax (provision) benefit, net

 (2,633

 )

 (26,294

 )(k)

 (28,927

 )

 (103

 )

 13,933

 (l)

 (15,097

 )

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (39,943

 )

 $

 83,911

 $

 43,968

 $

 (31,098

 )

 $

 (22,166

 )

 $

 (9,296

 )

 Pro forma earnings per share:

 Basic(m)

 $

 (0.10

 )

 Diluted(m)

 $

 (0.10

 )

 Pro forma shares outstanding:

 Basic(m)

 89,699

 Diluted(m)

 90,056

 See accompanying notes.

 48

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 UNAUDITED
 PRO FORMA COMBINED AND ADJUSTED BALANCE SHEET 

 As of September 30, 2007 

 EHC 

 Net Assets 

 EHC 

 Pro Forma 

 EHC 

 Pro Forma 

 Pro Forma 

 EHC 

 to be 

 Historical 

 Spin 

 Pro Forma 

 Sling Media 

 Acquisition 

 Combined and 

 Historical 

 Contributed 

 Combined 

 Adjustments 

 Adjusted 

 Historical 

 Adjustments 

 Adjusted 

 (In thousands, except for per share amounts) 

 ASSETS 

 Current Assets: 

 Cash and cash equivalents

 $

 33,734

 $

 1,000,000

 $

 1,033,734

 $

 &#151;

 $

 1,033,734

 $

 7,763

 $

 &#151;

 $

 1,041,497

 Marketable investment securities

 497,019

 &#151;

 497,019

 &#151;

 497,019

 &#151;

 &#151;

 497,019

 Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts

 38,511

 2,692

 41,203

 &#151;

 41,203

 7,276

 &#151;

 48,479

 Inventories, net

 13,055

 &#151;

 13,055

 &#151;

 13,055

 6,446

 &#151;

 19,501

 Current deferred tax assets

 &#151;

 4,816

 4,816

 1,146

 (n)

 5,962

 &#151;

 7,202

 (l)

 13,164

 Other current assets

 10,215

 6,025

 16,240

 &#151;

 16,240

 2,107

 &#151;

 18,347

 Total current assets

 592,534

 1,013,533

 1,606,067

 1,146

 1,607,213

 23,592

 7,202

 1,638,007

 Restricted cash and marketable investment securities

 &#151;

 3,150

 3,150

 &#151;

 3,150

 400

 &#151;

 3,550

 Property and equipment, net

 187,217

 1,281,682

 1,468,899

 &#151;

 1,468,899

 3,877

 &#151;

 1,472,776

 FCC authorizations

 42,873

 83,121

 125,994

 &#151;

 125,994

 &#151;

 &#151;

 125,994

 Intangible assets, net

 11,037

 147,374

 158,411

 &#151;

 158,411

 2,597

 328,174

 (q)

 489,182

 Investments in affiliates

 81,391

 &#151;

 81,391

 &#151;

 81,391

 &#151;

 &#151;

 81,391

 Other noncurrent assets, net

 4,572

 21,254

 25,826

 &#151;

 25,826

 728

 &#151;

 26,554

 Total assets

 $

 919,624

 $

 2,550,114

 $

 3,469,738

 $

 1,146

 $

 3,470,884

 $

 31,194

 $

 335,376

 $

 3,837,454

 LIABILITIES AND OWNER&#146;S EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 Current Liabilities: 

 Trade accounts payable

 $

 31,384

 $

 &#151;

 $

 31,384

 $

 (28,566

 )

 $

 2,818

 $

 3,643

 $

 &#151;

 $

 6,461

 Accrued expenses

 24,171

 14,535

 38,706

 (10,932

 )

 27,774

 5,304

 &#151;

 33,078

 Current portion of long-term debt

 &#151;

 38,167

 38,167

 &#151;

 38,167

 1,380

 &#151;

 39,547

 Total current liabilities

 55,555

 52,702

 108,257

 (39,498

 )

 68,759

 10,327

 &#151;

 79,086

 Long-term obligations, net of current portion: 

 Long-term debt

 &#151;

 349,590

 349,590

 &#151;

 349,590

 &#151;

 &#151;

 349,590

 Deferred tax liabilities

 301

 237,079

 237,380

 (58,467

 )(n)

 178,913

 &#151;

 (19,061

 )(l)

 159,852

 Other long-term liabilities

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 6,701

 &#151;

 6,701

 Total long-term obligations, net of current portion

 301

 586,669

 586,970

 (58,467

 )

 528,503

 6,701

 (19,061

 )

 516,143

 Total liabilities

 55,856

 639,371

 695,227

 (97,965

 )

 597,262

 17,028

 (19,061

 )

 595,229

 49

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 UNAUDITED
 PRO FORMA COMBINED AND ADJUSTED BALANCE SHEET &#151;
 (Continued) 

 As of September 30, 2007 

 EHC 

 Net Assets 

 EHC 

 Pro Forma 

 EHC 

 Pro Forma 

 Pro Forma 

 EHC 

 to be 

 Historical 

 Spin 

 Pro Forma 

 Sling Media 

 Acquisition 

 Combined and 

 Historical 

 Contributed 

 Combined 

 Adjustments 

 Adjusted 

 Historical 

 Adjustments 

 Adjusted 

 (In thousands, except for per share amounts) 

 Net investment in EHC (Owner&#146;s Equity (Deficit)): 

 Convertible Series A Preferred Stock of Sling Media
 $.0001 par value, 8,400,000 shares authorized,
 7,759,082 shares issued and outstanding

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 1

 (1

 )(r)

 &#151;

 Convertible Series B Preferred Stock of Sling Media
 $.0001 par value, 7,930,000 shares authorized,
 7,694,271 shares issued and outstanding

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 1

 (1

 )(r)

 &#151;

 Sling Media common stock, warrants and additional paid-in capital

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 70,832

 (70,832

 )(r)

 &#151;

 Preferred Stock of EHC, $.001 par value,
 20,000,000 shares authorized

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 EHC Class A common stock, $.001 par value,
 1,600,000,000 shares authorized

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 42

 (o)

 42

 &#151;

 &#151;

 42

 EHC Class B common stock, $.001 par value,
 800,000,000 shares authorized

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 48

 (o)

 48

 &#151;

 &#151;

 48

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

 103,863

 &#151;

 103,863

 &#151;

 103,863

 95

 (95

 )(r)

 103,863

 Owner&#146;s net investment

 759,905

 &#151;

 759,905

 2,009,764

 (p)

 2,769,669

 (56,763

 )

 56,763

 (r)

 3,138,272

 342,340

 (q)

 26,263

 (l)

 Net assets to be contributed

 &#151;

 1,910,743

 1,910,743

 (1,910,743

 )(p)

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Total net investment in EHC (Owner&#146;s equity)

 863,768

 1,910,743

 2,774,511

 99,111

 2,873,622

 14,166

 354,437

 3,242,225

 Total liabilities and net investment in EHC (Owner&#146;s equity)

 $

 919,624

 $

 2,550,114

 $

 3,469,738

 $

 1,146

 $

 3,470,884

 $

 31,194

 $

 335,376

 $

 3,837,454

 See accompanying notes.

 50

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA 

 Adjustments
 to Pro Forma Combined Statements of Operations: 

 The pro forma adjustments for the spin-off represent the
 estimated incremental revenue and expenses of EHC associated
 with operating as a stand-alone company, primarily consisting of
 the results of operations and other expenses, including
 depreciation expenses, associated with the net assets
 contributed to us by ECC to primarily be used in our fixed
 satellite services business and our commercial agreements with
 ECC (see &#147;Certain Intercompany Agreements&#148;).

 (a) Represents incremental revenue on equipment sales to
 ECC at cost plus an agreed upon margin, which we believe to be
 fair market value pricing.

 (b) Represents revenue for sales of services to ECC related
 to the satellites, uplink and satellite transmission assets to
 be contributed to us by ECC, including uplink, telemetry,
 tracking and control, and professional engineering services,
 which we believe to be fair market value pricing.

 (c) Represents revenue for sales of services to
 third-parties related to the satellites, uplink and satellite
 transmission assets to be contributed to us by ECC.

 (d) Primarily represents rental revenue related to
 buildings contributed to us by ECC, and leased back to ECC.

 (e) Represents incremental cost of sales related to the
 purchase of remanufactured receivers from ECC, which are resold
 to third parties, pursuant to our receiver agreement with ECC.

 (f) Represents cost of sales related to services sold to
 ECC and other third-parties related to the satellites, uplink
 and satellite transmission assets to be contributed to us by
 ECC, including satellite leasing, uplink, telemetry, tracking
 and control services. These amounts are exclusive of
 depreciation and amortization expense.

 Depreciation and amortization expense consists of the following:

 For the Nine Months Ended 

 For the Year Ended 

 September 30, 2007 

 December 31, 2006 

 (In thousands) 

 Satellites

 $

 104,451

 $

 139,427

 Furniture, fixtures, equipment and other

 52,818

 75,240

 Identifiable intangible assets subject to amortization

 14,311

 18,781

 Buildings and improvements

 3,820

 4,407

 Total depreciation and amortization

 $

 175,400

 $

 237,855

 (g) Represents additional general and administrative
 expenses primarily related to corporate overhead expenses and
 related employee benefits charged to us by ECC.

 (h) Represents additional depreciation and amortization
 expense primarily associated with the satellites, uplink and
 satellite transmission assets and certain other real estate
 assets to be contributed to us by ECC.

 (i) Represents interest income primarily related to the
 $1.0 billion of cash to be contributed to us by ECC.

 (j) Primarily represents the reversal of interest expense
 for a note payable to ECC that will be contributed to us as
 capital by ECC.

 (k) Represents the tax effect of pro forma adjustments
 using our blended Federal, state and international statutory tax
 rate adjusted for permanent differences and the release of our
 valuation

 51

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL
 DATA &#151; (Continued) 

 allowance of $93.8 million in 2006. The release of the
 valuation allowance based on our commercial agreements with ECC,
 which, together with existing third-party contracts, are
 expected to result in EHC having taxable income for the
 foreseeable future. As a result, we expect to use all of our
 federal net operating losses before they expire. Additionally,
 we expect sufficient capital gains to offset any realized
 capital losses within the statutory period as related to the
 impairments included in the deferred tax assets.

 The pro forma adjustments for the acquisition of Sling Media are
 as follows:

 (l) Represents the reversal of Sling Media&#146;s deferred
 tax asset valuation allowance. The release of the valuation
 allowance based on our commercial agreements with ECC, which,
 together with existing third-party contracts, are expected to
 result in EHC having taxable income for the foreseeable future.
 As a result, we expect to use all of our federal net operating
 losses before they expire, including those attributable to Sling
 Media.

 (m) The calculation of pro forma basic earnings per share
 and shares outstanding is based on the number of shares of ECC
 common stock outstanding as of November 30, 2007 adjusted
 for the distribution ratio of one share of EHC common stock for
 every five shares of ECC common stock. The calculation of pro
 forma diluted earnings per share and shares outstanding for the
 periods presented is based on the number of shares of ECC common
 stock outstanding as of November 30, 2007 and diluted
 shares of common stock outstanding as of November 30, 2007
 adjusted for the same distribution ratio. This calculation may
 not be indicative of the dilutive effect that will actually
 result from the replacement of ECC stock-based awards held by
 our employees and employees of ECC or the grant of new
 stock-based awards. The actual number of dilutive shares of our
 common stock that will result from ECC stock options and
 restricted stock units held by our employees will not be
 determined until immediately after the spin-off.

 Adjustments
 to Pro Forma Combined Balance Sheet: 

 Further information regarding the Net Assets to be Contributed
 can be found in the audited Statement of Net Assets included in
 this information statement.

 The pro forma balance sheet adjustments for the spin-off
 represent the following:

 (n) Represents the tax effect of pro forma adjustments
 using our pro forma blended Federal and state statutory tax
 rate, the reduction of net operating losses and credits not
 transferred to EHC as part of the transaction and the release of
 our valuation allowance. The release of the valuation allowance
 based on our commercial agreements with ECC, which, together
 with existing third-party contracts, are expected to result in
 EHC having taxable income for the foreseeable future. As a
 result, we expect to use all of our federal net operating losses
 before they expire. Additionally, we expect sufficient capital
 gains to offset any realized capital losses within the statutory
 period as related to the impairments included in the deferred
 tax assets.

 (o) The distribution of approximately 89.7 million
 shares of our common stock to holders of ECC common stock.

 (p) Represents the elimination of ECC&#146;s net investment
 in us and the contribution of $1.0 billion of cash and
 other net assets by ECC to us.

 52

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL
 DATA &#151; (Continued) 

 The pro forma adjustments for the acquisition of Sling Media are
 as follows:

 (q) Based on information currently available, the purchase
 price (including cash paid and estimated transaction costs to
 us) has been preliminarily allocated as follows (in thousands):

 Cash

 $

 341,715

 Estimated transaction costs

 625

 Total purchase price

 342,340

 Less: Sling Media net assets

 (14,166

 )

 Preliminary excess purchase price over book value of net assets
 acquired

 $

 328,174

 We have not yet completed an analysis of the estimated fair
 value of Sling Media in order to determine a preliminary
 allocation of the purchase price to the net assets to be
 acquired. The final appraisal and purchase price allocation is
 expected to be finalized within one year after the
 October 19, 2007 acquisition date. Accordingly, the excess
 of the purchase price over the carrying value of Sling
 Media&#146;s net assets has been presented as an adjustment to
 total intangible assets in the accompanying unaudited pro forma
 combined and adjusted balance sheet. For purposes of the
 unaudited pro forma financial statements, we have estimated that
 approximately 44% of the excess of the purchase price over the
 carrying value of Sling Media&#146;s net assets will be
 allocated to intangible assets with a weighted-average composite
 life of approximately 3 years. We have also estimated that
 approximately 56% of the excess of the purchase price over the
 carrying value of Sling Media&#146;s net assets will be
 allocated to goodwill, which has an indefinite life. In the
 event that final appraisals determine that other material
 amortizable intangibles exist, actual annual amortization could
 be substantially higher than amounts presented in the unaudited
 pro forma combined and adjusted statements of operations.

 (r) Adjustment to reflect elimination of Sling Media&#146;s
 historical stockholders&#146; equity.

 53

 Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT&#146;S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 You should read the following discussion of our financial
 condition and results of operations together with the audited
 and unaudited combined financial statements and notes to the
 financial statements included elsewhere in this information
 statement. This discussion contains forward-looking statements
 that involve risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking
 statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on
 current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections
 about our industry, business and future financial results. Our
 actual results could differ materially from the results
 contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a number
 of factors, including those discussed in the sections of this
 information statement entitled &#147;Risk Factors&#148;
 and&#147;Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking
 Statements&#148; and other sections in this information
 statement. To facilitate your understanding of our financial
 performance we also discuss certain pro forma financial data in
 this section. Our pro forma financial information is set out in
 more detail under the caption &#147;Unaudited Pro Forma Combined
 and Adjusted Financial Information&#148; elsewhere in this
 information statement. 

 Executive
 Overview 

 Business
 Summary 

 In September 2007, the board of directors of ECC authorized
 management to pursue a plan to create two separate
 publicly-traded companies by spinning off certain of ECC&#146;s
 assets to its shareholders. The new company, which ECC has named
 EchoStar Holding Corporation, principally consists of the
 technology and certain infrastructure assets of ECC, including
 ECC&#146;s historical set-top box business and certain of
 ECC&#146;s satellites.

 Our historical revenue was $1.183 billion,
 $1.525 billion, $1.514 billion and $1.720 billion
 during the nine months ended September 30, 2007 and during
 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Historically, ECC and one
 third party customer, Bell ExpressVu, have accounted for a
 significant portion of our revenue. ECC accounted for
 approximately 86.2%, 84.5%, 85.6% and 89.7% of our revenue
 during the nine months ended September 30, 2007 and during
 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Bell ExpressVu accounted for
 approximately 10.0%, 12.2%, 11.4% and 7.3% of our revenue during
 the nine months ended September 30, 2007 and during 2006,
 2005 and 2004, respectively. Our historical net losses were
 $39.9 million, $34.2 million, $44.9 million and
 $43.2 million during the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007 and during 2006, 2005 and 2004,
 respectively.

 As a consequence of the rapidly evolving nature of our business,
 and in light of the fact that we have historically sold set-top
 boxes to ECC at cost, period-to-period comparisons of revenue
 and income are not necessarily meaningful and should not be
 relied upon as indications of future performance. Following the
 spin-off, we will sell set-top boxes to ECC at cost plus an
 agreed upon margin. As a result, we expect that our revenues and
 net income will improve over those reflected in our financial
 statements for our historical periods. See &#147;Unaudited Pro
 Forma Combined and Financial Information.&#148;

 We expect performance in international markets to be a
 significant factor contributing to our ability to generate
 revenue and income growth in future periods. However, there can
 be no assurance that we will be able to sustain or grow our
 international business. A substantial majority of our
 international revenue during the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007 and the year ended December 31,
 2006, respectively, was attributable to sales of set-top boxes
 that we made to Bell ExpressVu. We can not assure that we will
 continue to make sales to Bell ExpressVu at historical levels,
 or at all.

 Challenges 

 In 2005 and 2006, sales of our set-top boxes declined. Growth
 and maintenance of our revenue will depend on our ability to
 attract new customers and on additional sales to existing
 customers, including ECC and Bell ExpressVu. The growth and
 maintenance of our revenue will also depend on our ability to
 introduce, and the

 54

 Table of Contents 

 market acceptance of, new set-top boxes that we develop, as
 well as our ability to penetrate the market for fixed satellite
 services.

 The number of potential new customers for our set-top boxes and
 fixed satellite services is small, and we expect our current
 customer concentration will therefore continue for the
 foreseeable future. Our operating results will consequently
 likely continue to depend on sales to a relatively small number
 of customers and on the continued success of these customers
 relative to their competitors. If we do not develop
 relationships with new customers, we may not be able to expand
 our customer base and our ability to increase or even maintain
 our revenue will be impacted.

 In addition, unfavorable events in the economy, including the
 current downturn in real estate mortgage and credit markets,
 could cause consumer demand for our set-top boxes to materially
 decline because consumers may delay purchasing decisions or
 change or reduce their discretionary spending.

 Our ability to sustain or increase profitability will also be
 affected by costs associated with our efforts to expand our
 sales, marketing, product development and general and
 administrative capabilities, as well as expenses that we incur
 as a separate publicly-traded company. These costs include costs
 associated with, among other things, financial reporting,
 information technology, complying with federal securities laws
 (including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), tax
 administration and human resources related functions. As we
 expand internationally, we may also incur additional costs to
 conform our set-top boxes to comply with local laws or local
 specifications and to ship our set-top boxes to our
 international customers.

 We currently have substantial unused satellite capacity. Future
 costs associated with this excess capacity will negatively
 impact our margins if we do not generate revenue to offset these
 costs. In addition, because a substantial portion of the
 capacity of each of our AMC-15, AMC-16 and EchoStar IX
 satellites remains unused, there is a significant risk that in
 the future, in addition to reporting lower than expected
 revenues and profitability, we will be required to record a
 substantial impairment charge relating to one or more of these
 satellites. We currently estimate that these potential charges
 could aggregate up to $250 million, which, if incurred
 would have a material adverse effect on our reported operating
 results and financial position. Furthermore, it is possible that
 in 2008 ECC will discontinue the use of some or all of the
 capacity on one or more other satellites that it will initially
 lease from us. To the extent that this occurs and we are unable
 to find other customers to lease this additional anticipated
 excess capacity, we may be required to record substantial
 impairment charges that we currently estimate could aggregate up
 to $100 million.

 Our businesses change rapidly as new technologies are developed.
 These new technologies may cause our services and products to
 become obsolete. Changes in existing technologies could also
 cause demand for our products and services to decline. For
 example, if changes in technology allow digital television
 subscribers to use devices such as personal computers, cable
 ready televisions and network-based digital video recording
 services in place of set-top boxes, our customers may not need
 to purchase our set-top boxes to provide their digital
 television subscribers with digital video recording and other
 set-top box features. One or more new technologies also could be
 introduced that compete favorably with our set-top boxes or that
 cause our set-top boxes to be less attractive to our customers.

 Basis of
 Presentation 

 The combined financial statements, which are discussed below,
 reflect the historical financial position, results of operations
 and cash flows of the entities included in the consolidated
 financial statements and accounting records of ECC, principally
 representing the set-top box business, using the historical
 results of operations and the historical bases of assets and
 liabilities of this segment.

 The historical combined financial statements reflect sales of
 set-top boxes and related components to ECC at cost. Our
 historical combined financial statements do not include certain
 satellites, uplink and satellite transmission assets, real
 estate and other assets and related liabilities that will be
 contributed to us by ECC in the spin-off. These assets and
 liabilities, which will primarily comprise our fixed satellite
 services business, have been separately audited and are included
 in the Statement of Net Assets to be Contributed by ECC and
 Unaudited Pro Forma Combined and Adjusted Financial Information
 included herein. Our historical financial

 55

 Table of Contents 

 data also does not include financial information of Sling Media,
 Inc., which was recently acquired by ECC and will be contributed
 to us in the spin-off. Sling Media&#146;s audited consolidated
 financial statements are included elsewhere in this information
 statement, and its historical financial information also has
 been included in our Unaudited Pro Forma Combined and Adjusted
 Financial Information. We have prepared unaudited pro forma
 combined financial statements to make adjustments for and give
 effect to the spin-off. See &#147;Unaudited Pro Forma Combined
 and Adjusted Financial Information&#148; above.

 In addition, the combined statements of operations include
 expense allocations for certain corporate functions historically
 provided to us by ECC, including, among other things, treasury,
 tax, accounting and reporting, risk management, legal, internal
 audit, human resources, investor relations and information
 technology. In certain cases, these allocations were made on a
 specific identification basis. Otherwise, the expenses related
 to services provided to us by ECC were allocated to us based on
 the relative percentages, as compared to ECC&#146;s other
 businesses, of headcount or other appropriate methods depending
 on the nature of each item of cost to be allocated. Pursuant to
 transition services agreements we will enter into with ECC prior
 to the spin-off, ECC will continue to provide us with certain of
 these services at prices agreed upon by ECC and us for a period
 of two years from the date of the spin-off at cost plus an
 agreed upon margin, which is believed to be fair market value
 pricing. We will arrange to procure other services pursuant to
 arrangements with third parties. See &#147;Certain Intercompany
 Agreements&#148; for a description of the transition services
 agreements. The costs historically allocated to us by ECC may
 not be indicative of the costs that we will incur following the
 spin-off, nor are they necessarily indicative of costs that we
 will be charged or incur in the future. Following the spin-off,
 we will perform these functions using our own resources or
 purchased services, however, for an interim period, some of
 these functions will continue to be provided by ECC under the
 transition services agreement. In addition to the transition
 services agreement, we will enter into a number of commercial
 agreements with ECC in connection with the spin-off, many of
 which are expected to have terms longer than one year. See
 &#147;Certain Intercompany Agreements.&#148;

 We will incur increased costs as a result of becoming an
 independent publicly traded company, primarily from audit fees
 paid to our independent public accounting firm, Public Company
 Accounting Oversight Board fees, Nasdaq listing fees, legal fees
 and stockholder communications fees. We will also bear directly
 the costs of certain services currently provided to us by ECC,
 which may be higher than the allocated cost to us as described
 above.

 We believe the assumptions underlying the combined financial
 statements are reasonable. However, for the reasons discussed
 above, the combined financial statements included herein will
 not reflect our future results of operations, financial position
 and cash flows or reflect what our results of operations,
 financial position and cash flows would have been had we been a
 separate, stand-alone company during the periods presented.

 Introduction 

 Management&#146;s discussion and analysis, or
 &#147;MD&#038;A,&#148; of our results of operations and
 financial condition is provided as a supplement to the audited
 annual financial statements and unaudited interim financial
 statements and footnotes thereto included elsewhere herein to
 help provide an understanding of our financial condition,
 changes in financial condition and results of our operations.
 The information included in MD&#038;A should be read in
 conjunction with the annual and interim financial statements.

 Explanation
 of Key Metrics and Other Items. 

 Equipment and other sales &#151;
 ECC. &#147;Equipment and other sales &#151;
 ECC&#148; primarily includes sales of set-top boxes and related
 components to ECC at cost as discussed in &#147;Basis of
 Presentation&#148; above and other services provided to ECC.

 Equipment sales. &#147;Equipment sales&#148;
 primarily includes sales of set-top boxes and related components
 to Bell ExpressVu and other international customers.

 Cost of equipment and other sales. &#147;Cost
 of equipment and other sales&#148; principally includes costs
 associated with set-top boxes and related components sold to
 ECC, Bell ExpressVu and to other international customers.

 56

 Table of Contents 

 Research and development
 expenses. &#147;Research and development
 expenses&#148; consist primarily of all costs associated with
 the design and development of our set-top boxes and related
 components including, among other things, salaries and
 consulting fees.

 General and administrative
 expenses. &#147;General and administrative
 expenses&#148; consists primarily of all other employee-related
 costs associated with administrative services such as legal,
 information systems and accounting and finance, including
 non-cash, stock-based compensation expense directly incurred by
 us. It also includes outside professional fees (i.e. legal,
 information systems and accounting services) and other items
 associated with facilities and administration. In addition,
 &#147;General and administrative expenses&#148; includes
 administrative support services, as discussed above, provided by
 ECC and charged to us as discussed in &#147;Basis of
 Presentation&#148; above.

 &#147;Other&#148; income (expense). The main
 components of &#147;Other&#148; income and expense are gains and
 losses realized on the sale of investments, equity in earnings
 and losses of our affiliates, and impairment of marketable and
 non-marketable investment securities.

 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
 amortization (&#147;EBITDA&#148;). EBITDA is
 defined as &#147;Net income (loss)&#148; plus &#147;Interest
 expense&#148; net of &#147;Interest income,&#148; &#147;Income
 taxes&#148; and &#147;Depreciation and amortization.&#148; This
 &#147;non-GAAP measure&#148; is reconciled to net income in our
 discussion of &#147;Results of Operations&#148; below.

 Free cash flow. We define free cash flow as
 &#147;Net cash flows from operating activities&#148; less
 &#147;Purchases of property and equipment,&#148; as shown on our
 Combined Statements of Cash Flows.

 57

 Table of Contents 

 Results
 of Operations 

 The following discussion of combined results of operations
 refers to the nine months ended September 30, 2007 compared
 to the same period in 2006, the year ended December 31,
 2006 compared to the same period in 2005, and the year ended
 December 31, 2005 compared to the same period in 2004.

 Nine
 Months Ended September 30, 2007 Compared to the Nine Months
 Ended September 30, 2006 (in thousands): 

 For the Nine Months 

 Ended September 30, 

 Variance 

 2007 

 2006 

 Amount 

 % 

 (Unaudited) 

 Revenue: 

 Equipment and other sales &#151; ECC

 $

 1,019,729

 $

 948,683

 $

 71,046

 7.5

 Equipment sales

 163,039

 184,216

 (21,177

 )

 (11.5

 )

 Total revenue

 $

 1,182,768

 $

 1,132,899

 $

 49,869

 4.4

 Costs and Expenses: 

 Cost of equipment and other sales

 1,121,067

 1,065,216

 55,851

 5.2

 % of Total revenue 

 94.8 

 % 

 94.0 

 % 

 Research and development

 40,634

 39,093

 1,541

 3.9

 % of Total revenue 

 3.4 

 % 

 3.5 

 % 

 General and administrative

 56,844

 43,973

 12,871

 29.3

 % of Total revenue 

 4.8 

 % 

 3.9 

 % 

 Depreciation and amortization

 4,391

 4,593

 (202

 )

 (4.4

 )

 Total costs and expenses

 1,222,936

 1,152,875

 70,061

 6.1

 Operating income (loss)

 (40,168

 )

 (19,976

 )

 (20,192

 )

 N/M

 Other Income (Expense): 

 Interest income

 2,861

 568

 2,293

 N/M

 Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized

 (785

 )

 (785

 )

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Other

 782

 188

 594

 N/M

 Total other income (expense)

 2,858

 (29

 )

 2,887

 N/M

 Income (loss) before income taxes

 (37,310

 )

 (20,005

 )

 (17,305

 )

 (86.5

 )

 Income tax (provision) benefit, net

 (2,633

 )

 (481

 )

 (2,152

 )

 N/M

 Effective tax rate 

 7.1 

 % 

 2.4 

 % 

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (39,943

 )

 $

 (20,486

 )

 $

 (19,457

 )

 (95.0

 )

 Other Data: 

 EBITDA

 $

 (34,995

 )

 $

 (15,195

 )

 $

 (19,800

 )

 N/M

 Equipment and other sales &#151; ECC. For
 the nine months ended September 30, 2007, revenue from
 &#147;Equipment and other sales &#151; ECC&#148; totaled
 $1.020 billion, an increase of $71.0 million or 7.5%
 compared to the same period during 2006. This change resulted
 from an increase in sales of set-top boxes and related
 components to ECC, and an increase in the average sales price
 per unit. As discussed in Note 2 in the Notes to Combined
 Financial Statements of EchoStar Holding Corporation, set-top
 boxes and related components were historically sold to ECC
 at cost.

 In the near term, we expect ECC to remain the primary customer
 of our set-top box business and the primary source of our total
 revenue. Pursuant to the commercial agreements we will enter
 into with ECC prior to the spin-off, we will continue to be
 obligated to sell set-top boxes to ECC at cost plus an agreed
 upon margin,

 58

 Table of Contents 

 which is believed to be fair market value pricing, for a period
 of two years from the date of the spin-off, although ECC will
 have no obligations to purchase set-top boxes from us during or
 after this two year period.

 Equipment sales. For the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007, &#147;Equipment sales&#148; totaled
 $163.0 million, a decrease of $21.2 million or 11.5%
 compared to the same period during 2006. This decrease
 principally resulted from a decline in sales of set-top boxes
 and related components to international customers.

 While we currently have certain binding purchase orders from
 Bell ExpressVu through the beginning of 2008, the availability
 of new compression technology could impact our relationship with
 Bell ExpressVu, depending on its strategy to upgrade customers.
 There can be no assurance that Bell ExpressVu will continue to
 purchase set-top boxes from us.

 Cost of equipment and other sales. &#147;Cost
 of equipment and other sales&#148; totaled $1.121 billion
 during the nine months ended September 30, 2007, an
 increase of $55.9 million or 5.2% compared to the same
 period in 2006. This change resulted from an increase in sales
 of set-top boxes and related components to ECC, partially offset
 by a decline in the sale of set-top boxes and related components
 to international customers. As discussed above, set-top boxes
 and related components were historically sold to ECC at cost.
 &#147;Cost of equipment and other sales&#148; represented 94.8%
 and 94.0% of &#147;Total revenue&#148; during the nine months
 ended September 30, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The
 increase in the expense to revenue ratio principally related to
 an increase from 2006 to 2007 in the relative percentage of
 equipment sales to ECC at cost versus sales to international
 customers. Additionally, this was partially offset by an
 increase in margins on sales of set-top boxes and related
 components sold to international customers.

 General and administrative
 expenses. &#147;General and administrative
 expenses&#148; totaled $56.8 million during the nine months
 ended September 30, 2007, an increase of $12.9 million
 or 29.3% compared to the same period in 2006. This increase was
 primarily attributable to increased personnel and related costs,
 including non-cash, stock-based compensation expense, and
 increased administrative support from ECC. &#147;General and
 administrative expenses&#148; represented 4.8% and 3.9% of
 &#147;Total revenue&#148; during the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The increase in
 the ratio of those expenses to &#147;Total revenue&#148; was
 primarily attributable to the increases in &#147;General and
 administrative expenses&#148; discussed above.

 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
 amortization. EBITDA was negative
 $35.0 million during the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007, a decrease of $19.8 million
 compared to the same period in 2006. The following table
 reconciles EBITDA to the accompanying financial statements.

 For the Nine Months 

 Ended September 30, 

 2007 

 2006 

 (In thousands) 

 EBITDA

 $

 (34,995

 )

 $

 (15,195

 )

 Less:

 Interest expense, net

 (2,076

 )

 217

 Income tax provision, net

 2,633

 481

 Depreciation and amortization

 4,391

 4,593

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (39,943

 )

 $

 (20,486

 )

 EBITDA is not a measure determined in accordance with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP, and
 should not be considered a substitute for operating income, net
 income or any other measure determined in accordance with GAAP.
 Conceptually, EBITDA measures the amount of income generated
 each period that could be used to service debt, pay taxes and
 fund capital expenditures. EBITDA should not be considered in
 isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance
 prepared in accordance with GAAP.

 EBITDA is used by our management as a measure of operating
 efficiency and overall financial performance for benchmarking
 against our peers and competitors. Management believes EBITDA
 provides meaningful supplemental information regarding liquidity
 and the underlying operating performance of our business.

 59

 Table of Contents 

 Management also believes that EBITDA is useful to investors
 because it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors
 and other interested parties to evaluate companies in the
 digital set top box industry.

 Income tax (provision) benefit, net. Our
 income tax policy is to record the estimated future tax effects
 of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and
 liabilities and amounts reported in our accompanying combined
 balance sheets, as well as operating loss and tax credit
 carryforwards. We follow the guidelines set forth in Statement
 of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, &#147;Accounting
 for Income Taxes,&#148; or SFAS 109, regarding the
 recoverability of any tax assets recorded on the balance sheet
 and provide any necessary allowances as required. Determining
 necessary allowances requires us to make assessments about the
 timing of future events, including the probability of expected
 future taxable income and available tax planning opportunities.
 We currently have an approximate $67.8 million valuation
 allowance recorded as an offset against all of our net deferred
 tax assets. In accordance with SFAS 109, we have evaluated
 our need for a valuation allowance based on historical evidence,
 including trends. All or a portion of the current valuation
 allowance is expected to be reversed on the effective date of
 the spin-off since we are expected to realize sufficient profit
 to utilize our deferred tax benefits as a result of the
 commercial and transitional agreements with ECC.

 Net income (loss). Net loss was
 $39.9 million during the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007, an increase in net loss of
 $19.5 million compared to the same period in 2006. The
 increase in losses was primarily attributable to the changes in
 revenue and expenses discussed above.

 60

 Table of Contents 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 2006 Compared to the Year Ended
 December 31, 2005 (in thousands): 

 For the Years Ended 

 December 31, 

 Variance 

 2006 

 2005 

 Amount 

 % 

 Revenue: 

 Equipment and other sales &#151; ECC

 $

 1,288,691

 $

 1,295,861

 $

 (7,170

 )

 (0.6

 )

 Equipment sales

 236,629

 217,830

 18,799

 8.6

 Total revenue

 1,525,320

 1,513,691

 11,629

 0.8

 Costs and Expenses: 

 Cost of equipment and other sales

 1,440,178

 1,438,629

 1,549

 0.1

 % of Total revenue 

 94.4 

 % 

 95.0 

 % 

 Research and development

 56,451

 45,928

 10,523

 22.9

 % of Total revenue 

 3.7 

 % 

 3.0 

 % 

 General and administrative

 60,106

 56,366

 3,740

 6.6

 % of Total revenue 

 3.9 

 % 

 3.7 

 % 

 Depreciation and amortization

 6,032

 5,832

 200

 3.4

 Total costs and expenses

 1,562,767

 1,546,755

 16,012

 1.0

 Operating income (loss)

 (37,447

 )

 (33,064

 )

 (4,383

 )

 (13.3

 )

 Other Income (Expense): 

 Interest income

 831

 252

 579

 N/M

 Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized

 (1,059

 )

 (1,088

 )

 29

 2.7

 Other

 6,588

 (10,109

 )

 16,697

 N/M

 Total other income (expense)

 6,360

 (10,945

 )

 17,305

 N/M

 Income (loss) before income taxes

 (31,087

 )

 (44,009

 )

 12,922

 29.4

 Income tax (provision) benefit, net

 (3,075

 )

 (931

 )

 (2,144

 )

 N/M

 Effective tax rate 

 9.9 

 % 

 2.1 

 % 

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (34,162

 )

 $

 (44,940

 )

 $

 10,778

 24.0

 Other Data: 

 EBITDA

 $

 (24,827

 )

 $

 (37,341

 )

 $

 12,514

 33.5

 Equipment and other sales &#151; ECC. For
 the year ended December 31, 2006, revenue from
 &#147;Equipment and other sales &#151; ECC&#148; totaled
 $1.289 billion, a decrease of $7.2 million or 0.6%
 compared to the same period during 2005. This change resulted
 from a decline in sales of set-top boxes and related components
 to ECC, partially offset by an increase in the average sales
 price per set-top box as a result of increased sales of advanced
 products, such as receivers with multiple tuners, DVRs and HD
 receivers.

 Equipment sales. For the year ended
 December 31, 2006, &#147;Equipment sales&#148; totaled
 $236.6 million, an increase of $18.8 million or 8.6%
 compared to the same period during 2005. This increase
 principally resulted from an increase in sales of set-top boxes
 and related components to international customers.

 Cost of equipment and other sales. &#147;Cost
 of equipment and other sales&#148; totaled $1.440 billion
 during the year ended December 31, 2006, an increase of
 $1.5 million or 0.1% compared to the same period in 2005.
 This increase primarily resulted from an increase in the sale of
 set-top boxes and related components to international customers,
 partially offset by a decrease in sales to ECC. &#147;Cost of
 equipment and other sales&#148; represented 94.4% and 95.0% of
 &#147;Total revenue&#148; during the years ended
 December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The decrease in
 the expense to revenue ratio principally related to an
 improvement in margins on sales to international customers. As
 previously discussed, set-top boxes and related components were
 historically sold to ECC at cost.

 61

 Table of Contents 

 Research and development
 expenses. &#147;Research and development
 expenses&#148; totaled $56.5 million during the year ended
 December 31, 2006, an increase of $10.5 million or
 22.9% compared to the same period in 2005. This increase was
 primarily attributable to increases in personnel costs and
 consulting fees. &#147;Research and development expenses&#148;
 represented 3.7% and 3.0% of &#147;Total revenue&#148; during
 the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The
 increase in the ratio of those expenses to &#147;Total
 revenue&#148; was primarily attributable to an increase in
 expenses, discussed above.

 General and administrative
 expenses. &#147;General and administrative
 expenses&#148; totaled $60.1 million during the year ended
 December 31, 2006, an increase of $3.7 million or 6.6%
 compared to 2005. This increase was primarily attributable to
 increased personnel and related costs including, among other
 things, non-cash, stock-based compensation expense recorded
 related to the adoption of SFAS 123R, outside professional
 fees, and administrative support from ECC. &#147;General and
 administrative expenses&#148; represented 3.9% and 3.7% of
 &#147;Total revenue&#148; during the years ended
 December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The increase in
 the ratio of those expenses to &#147;Total revenue&#148; was
 primarily attributable to an increase in expenses, discussed
 above.

 Other. &#147;Other&#148; income totaled
 $6.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2006
 compared to &#147;Other&#148; expense of $10.1 million
 during 2005. The increase of $16.7 million primarily
 resulted from a loss in 2005 related to a $25.4 million
 charge to earnings for other than temporary declines in the fair
 value of an investment in the marketable common stock of a
 company in the home entertainment industry, partially offset by
 a $16.9 million gain related to the conversion of certain
 bond instruments into common stock. The increase also includes
 larger gains from the sale of investments in 2006 as compared to
 2005.

 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
 amortization. EBITDA was negative
 $24.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2006,
 an improvement of $12.5 million compared to the same period
 in 2006. The following table reconciles EBITDA to the
 accompanying financial statements.

 For the Years Ended 

 December 31, 

 2006 

 2005 

 (In thousands) 

 EBITDA

 $

 (24,827

 )

 $

 (37,341

 )

 Less:

 Interest expense, net

 228

 836

 Income tax provision, net

 3,075

 931

 Depreciation and amortization

 6,032

 5,832

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (34,162

 )

 $

 (44,940

 )

 EBITDA is not a measure determined in accordance with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP, and
 should not be considered a substitute for operating income, net
 income or any other measure determined in accordance with GAAP.
 EBITDA is used as a measurement of operating efficiency and
 overall financial performance and we believe it to be a helpful
 measure for those evaluating companies in our industries.
 Conceptually, EBITDA measures the amount of income generated
 each period that could be used to service debt, pay taxes and
 fund capital expenditures. EBITDA should not be considered in
 isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance
 prepared in accordance with GAAP.

 EBITDA is used by our management as a measure of operating
 efficiency and overall financial performance for benchmarking
 against our peers and competitors. Management believes EBITDA
 provides meaningful supplemental information regarding liquidity
 and the underlying operating performance of our business.
 Management also believes that EBITDA is useful to investors
 because it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors
 and other interested parties to evaluate companies in the
 digital set top box industry.

 Net income (loss). Net loss was
 $34.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2006,
 compared to a $44.9 million loss in 2005. The larger loss
 was primarily attributable to the changes in revenue and
 expenses discussed above.

 62

 Table of Contents 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 2005 Compared to the Year Ended
 December 31, 2004 (in thousands): 

 For the Years Ended 

 December 31, 

 Variance 

 2005 

 2004 

 Amount 

 % 

 Revenue: 

 Equipment and other sales &#151; ECC

 $

 1,295,861

 $

 1,543,513

 $

 (247,652

 )

 (16.0

 )

 Equipment sales

 217,830

 176,578

 41,252

 23.4

 Total revenue

 1,513,691

 1,720,091

 (206,400

 )

 (12.0

 )

 Costs and Expenses: 

 Cost of equipment and other sales

 1,438,629

 1,650,775

 (212,146

 )

 (12.9

 )

 % of Total revenue 

 95.0 

 % 

 96.0 

 % 

 Research and development

 45,928

 39,809

 6,119

 15.4

 % of Total revenue 

 3.0 

 % 

 2.3 

 % 

 General and administrative

 56,366

 65,059

 (8,693

 )

 (13.4

 )

 % of Total revenue 

 3.7 

 % 

 3.8 

 % 

 Depreciation and amortization

 5,832

 5,071

 761

 15.0

 Total costs and expenses

 1,546,755

 1,760,714

 (213,959

 )

 (12.2

 )

 Operating income (loss)

 (33,064

 )

 (40,623

 )

 7,559

 18.6

 Other Income (Expense): 

 Interest income

 252

 349

 (97

 )

 (27.8

 )

 Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized

 (1,088

 )

 (1,123

 )

 35

 3.1

 Other

 (10,109

 )

 (1,412

 )

 (8,697

 )

 N/M

 Total other income (expense)

 (10,945

 )

 (2,186

 )

 (8,759

 )

 N/M

 Income (loss) before income taxes

 (44,009

 )

 (42,809

 )

 (1,200

 )

 (2.8

 )

 Income tax (provision) benefit, net

 (931

 )

 (428

 )

 (503

 )

 N/M

 Effective tax rate 

 2.1 

 % 

 (1.0 

 )% 

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (44,940

 )

 $

 (43,237

 )

 $

 (1,703

 )

 (3.9

 )

 Other Data: 

 EBITDA

 $

 (37,341

 )

 $

 (36,964

 )

 $

 (377

 )

 (1.0

 )

 Equipment and other sales &#151; ECC. For
 the year ended December 31, 2005, revenue from
 &#147;Equipment and other sales &#151; ECC&#148; totaled
 $1.296 billion, a decrease of $247.7 million or 16.0%
 compared to the same period during 2004. This change resulted
 from a significant decline in sales of set-top boxes and related
 components to ECC, partially offset by an increase in the
 average sales price per set-top box as a result of increased
 sales of advanced products, such as receivers with multiple
 tuners, DVRs and HD receivers.

 Equipment sales. For the year ended
 December 31, 2005, &#147;Equipment and other sales&#148;
 totaled $217.8 million, an increase of $41.3 million
 or 23.4% compared to the same period during 2004. This increase
 principally resulted from an increase in sales of set-top boxes
 and related components to international customers.

 Cost of equipment and other sales. &#147;Cost
 of equipment and other sales&#148; totaled $1.439 billion
 during the year ended December 31, 2005, a decrease of
 $212.1 million or 12.9% compared to the same period in
 2004. This change resulted from a decline in sales of set-top
 boxes and related components to ECC, partially offset by an
 increase in the sale of set-top boxes and related components to
 international customers. &#147;Cost of equipment and other
 sales&#148; represented 95.0% and 96.0% of &#147;Total
 revenue&#148; during the years ended December 31, 2005 and
 2004, respectively. As previously discussed, set-top boxes and
 related components were historically sold to ECC at cost. The
 decrease in the expense to revenue ratio principally resulted
 from a

 63

 Table of Contents 

 decrease from 2004 to 2005 in the relative percentage of
 equipment sales to ECC at cost versus sales to international
 customers.

 Research and development
 expenses. &#147;Research and development
 expenses&#148; totaled $45.9 million during the year ended
 December 31, 2005, an increase of $6.1 million or
 15.4% compared to the same period in 2004. This increase was
 primarily attributable to increases in personnel costs and
 consulting fees. &#147;Research and development expenses&#148;
 represented 3.0% and 2.3% of &#147;Total revenue&#148; during
 the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The
 increase in the ratio of those expenses to &#147;Total
 revenue&#148; was primarily attributable to an increase in
 expenses, discussed above.

 General and administrative
 expenses. &#147;General and administrative
 expenses&#148; totaled $56.4 million during the year ended
 December 31, 2005, a decrease of $8.7 million or 13.4%
 compared to 2004. The decrease in &#147;General and
 administrative expenses&#148; was primarily attributable to a
 decrease in administrative support from ECC, partially offset by
 an increase in personnel costs. &#147;General and administrative
 expenses&#148; represented 3.7% and 3.8% of &#147;Total
 revenue&#148; during the years ended December 31, 2005 and
 2004, respectively.

 Other. &#147;Other&#148; expense totaled
 $10.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2005
 compared to $1.4 million during 2004. The decrease in
 income of $8.7 million primarily resulted from a loss in
 2005 related to a $25.4 million charge to earnings for
 other than temporary declines in the fair value of an investment
 in the marketable common stock of a company in the home
 entertainment industry, partially offset by a $16.9 million
 gain related to the conversion of certain bond instruments into
 common stock.

 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
 amortization. EBITDA was negative
 $37.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2005,
 a decrease of $0.4 million compared to the same period in
 2004. The following table reconciles EBITDA to the accompanying
 financial statements.

 For the Years Ended 

 December 31, 

 2005 

 2004 

 (In thousands) 

 EBITDA

 $

 (37,341

 )

 $

 (36,964

 )

 Less:

 Interest expense, net

 836

 774

 Income tax provision (benefit), net

 931

 428

 Depreciation and amortization

 5,832

 5,071

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (44,940

 )

 $

 (43,237

 )

 EBITDA is not a measure determined in accordance with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP, and
 should not be considered a substitute for operating income, net
 income or any other measure determined in accordance with GAAP.
 EBITDA is used as a measurement of operating efficiency and
 overall financial performance and we believe it to be a helpful
 measure for those evaluating companies in our industries.
 Conceptually, EBITDA measures the amount of income generated
 each period that could be used to service debt, pay taxes and
 fund capital expenditures. EBITDA should not be considered in
 isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance
 prepared in accordance with GAAP.

 EBITDA is used by our management as a measure of operating
 efficiency and overall financial performance for benchmarking
 against our peers and competitors. Management believes EBITDA
 provides meaningful supplemental information regarding liquidity
 and the underlying operating performance of our business.
 Management also believes that EBITDA is useful to investors
 because it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors
 and other interested parties to evaluate companies in the
 digital set top box industry.

 Net income (loss). Net loss was
 $44.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2005,
 compared to a $43.2 million loss in 2004. The increase was
 primarily attributable to the changes in revenue and expenses
 discussed above.

 64

 Table of Contents 

 Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

 As of September 30, 2007, our cash, cash equivalents and
 marketable investment securities totaled $530.8 million,
 compared to $323.6 million as of December 31, 2006. As
 discussed in Note 12 to our Combined Financial Statements,
 ECC has historically funded our working capital requirements. As
 of the effective date of the spin-off, this amount will be
 contributed to us as capital. In addition, in connection with
 the spin-off, ECC will distribute $1.0 billion in cash to
 us. We intend to use this cash for, among other things, future
 working capital needs, satellite construction and strategic
 initiatives as necessary, and we may also repurchase shares of
 our Class A common stock pursuant to the authorization from
 our Board of Directors to repurchase up to $1.0 billion of
 our Class A common stock

 Following the spin-off, we expect that our future working
 capital and capital expenditure and debt service requirements
 will be satisfied primarily from existing cash and marketable
 investment securities, cash generated from operations and future
 financings. Our ability to generate positive future operating
 and net cash flows is dependent upon, among other things, our
 ability to retain existing customers and generate new business.
 There can be no assurance we will be successful in executing our
 business plan.

 From time to time we evaluate opportunities for strategic
 investments or acquisitions that may complement our current
 services and products, enhance our technical capabilities,
 improve or sustain our competitive position, or otherwise offer
 growth opportunities. We may make investments in or partner with
 others to expand our business. Future material investments or
 acquisitions may require that we obtain additional capital,
 assume third party debt or other long-term obligations. There
 can be no assurance that we could raise all required capital or
 that required capital would be available on acceptable terms.

 Capital
 Requirements 

 We have incurred losses during each of the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007 and the years ended December 31,
 2006, 2005 and 2004, including a net loss of $39.9 million
 during the nine months ended September 30, 2007. These
 historical losses arose primarily as a result of the fact that
 we have historically sold set-top boxes to ECC at cost. We
 expect to have net income in future periods primarily because
 following the completion of the spin-off we will sell set-top
 boxes to ECC at cost plus an agreed upon margin. We anticipate
 that our current cash and cash equivalents, marketable
 securities, and cash from operations, will enable us to maintain
 our operations for a period of at least 12 months following
 the completion of the spin-off. However, our future capital
 requirements will be substantial and the level of these capital
 requirements will depend on many factors, certain of which may
 require us to consume available capital resources more rapidly
 than we currently anticipate. These factors include:

 &#149; 
 
 Our levels of investment in infrastructure necessary to support
 our fixed satellite services business, other strategic
 initiatives, including strategic investments, and research and
 development related to our set-top box and related component
 business;

 &#149; 
 
 the level of revenue that we receive from ECC and Bell ExpressVu;

 &#149; 
 
 the level of purchases that we make pursuant to our stock
 buyback program of up to $1.0 billion;

 &#149; 
 
 the number of satellites leased or under construction at any
 point in time;

 &#149; 
 
 whether we experience any significant satellite failures;

 &#149; 
 
 the cost of any acquisitions of or investments in businesses,
 products and technologies;

 &#149; 
 
 losses in connection with any acquisitions of or investments in
 businesses, products and technologies;

 &#149; 
 
 the effect of competing technological and market developments;

 &#149; 
 
 the effect of a general economic downturn;

 65

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 
 
 the filing, maintenance, prosecution, defense and enforcement of
 patent claims and other intellectual property rights; and

 &#149; 
 
 the cost and timing of establishing or contracting for sales,
 marketing and distribution capabilities.

 If our capital resources are insufficient to meet future capital
 requirements, we will have to raise additional funds. We have no
 experience as a separate entity in raising capital and we may be
 unable to raise sufficient additional capital when we need it,
 on favorable terms or at all. The sale of equity or convertible
 debt securities in the future may be dilutive to our
 shareholders, and debt-financing arrangements may require us to
 pledge certain assets and enter into covenants that would
 restrict certain business activities or our ability to incur
 further indebtedness and may contain other terms that are not
 favorable to our shareholders or us. If we are unable to obtain
 adequate funds on reasonable terms, we may be required to
 curtail operations significantly or obtain funds by entering
 into financing, supply or joint venture agreements on
 unattractive terms.

 Cash,
 Cash Equivalents and Marketable Investment
 Securities 

 We consider all liquid investments purchased within 90 days
 of their maturity to be cash equivalents. See
 &#147;&#151; Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
 Market Risk&#148; for further discussion regarding our
 marketable investment securities. As of September 30, 2007,
 our cash, cash equivalents and marketable investment securities
 totaled $530.8 million compared to $323.6 million as
 of December 31, 2006.

 The following discussion highlights our free cash flow and cash
 flow activities during the nine months ended September 30,
 2007 and years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004.

 Free
 Cash Flow 

 We define free cash flow as &#147;Net cash flows from operating
 activities&#148; less &#147;Purchases of property and
 equipment,&#148; as shown on our Combined Statements of Cash
 Flows. We believe free cash flow is an important liquidity
 metric because it measures, during a given period, the amount of
 cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make
 investments, fund acquisitions and for certain other activities.
 Free cash flow is not a measure determined in accordance with
 GAAP and should not be considered a substitute for
 &#147;Operating income,&#148; &#147;Net income,&#148; &#147;Net
 cash flows from operating activities&#148; or any other measure
 determined in accordance with GAAP. Since free cash flow
 includes investments in operating assets, we believe this
 non-GAAP liquidity measure is useful in addition to the most
 directly comparable GAAP measure &#151; &#147;Net cash
 flows from operating activities.&#148;

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2007 and years
 ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, free cash flow was
 significantly impacted by changes in operating assets and
 liabilities as shown in the &#147;Net cash flows from operating
 activities&#148; section of our Combined Statements of Cash
 Flows included herein. Operating asset and liability balances
 can fluctuate significantly from period to period and there can
 be no assurance that free cash flow will not be negatively
 impacted by material changes in operating assets and liabilities
 in future periods, since these changes depend upon, among other
 things, management&#146;s timing of payments and control of
 inventory levels, and cash receipts. In addition to fluctuations
 resulting from changes in operating assets and liabilities, free
 cash flow can vary significantly from period to period depending
 upon, among other things, operating efficiencies, increases or
 decreases in purchases of property and equipment and other
 factors.

 66

 Table of Contents 

 The following table reconciles free cash flow to &#147;Net cash
 flows from operating activities.&#148;

 For the Nine Months 

 Ended September 30, 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 (Unaudited) 

 Free cash flow

 $

 (154,352

 )

 $

 (23,366

 )

 $

 (69,143

 )

 $

 (18,443

 )

 $

 (84,851

 )

 Add back:

 Purchases of property and equipment

 120,076

 19,586

 32,769

 4,250

 5,935

 Net cash flows from operating activities

 $

 (34,276

 )

 $

 (3,780

 )

 $

 (36,374

 )

 $

 (14,193

 )

 $

 (78,916

 )

 Free cash flow was negative $154.4 million and negative
 $23.4 million for the nine months ended September 30,
 2007 and 2006, respectively. Free cash flow was negative
 $69.1 million, negative $18.4 million and negative
 $84.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2006,
 2005 and 2004, respectively.

 The decline in free cash flow during the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007 compared to the same period in 2006 of
 $131.0 million resulted from an increase in &#147;Purchases
 of property and equipment&#148; of $100.5 million primarily
 related to construction of the CMBStar satellite, discussed
 below, and a decrease in &#147;Net cash flows from operating
 activities&#148; of $30.5 million principally attributable
 to an increase in net loss. CMBStar is scheduled to be completed
 during the second quarter of 2008. Based on the expected
 satellite obligations included in the schedule of obligations
 and future capital requirement, which includes CMBStar, we
 expect 2008 purchases of property and equipment to decrease from
 the 2007 levels.

 The $50.7 million decline in free cash flow during 2006
 compared to 2005 resulted from an increase in &#147;Purchases of
 property and equipment&#148; of $28.5 million primarily
 related to satellite construction and a decrease in &#147;Net
 cash flows from operating activities&#148; of $22.2 million
 principally attributable to a decrease in cash resulting from
 changes in operating assets and liabilities and an increase in
 net loss.

 The $66.4 million improvement in free cash flow during 2005
 compared to 2004 resulted from an increase in &#147;Net cash
 flows from operating activities&#148; of $64.7 million and
 a decrease in &#147;Purchases of property and equipment&#148; of
 $1.7 million. The increase in &#147;Net cash flows from
 operating activities&#148; was primarily attributable to an
 increase in cash resulting from changes in operating assets and
 liabilities, together with, a decline net loss.

 Our future capital expenditures are likely to increase if we
 make additional investments in infrastructure necessary to
 support and expand our fixed satellite services business, if we
 increase the number of set-top boxes that we produce as a result
 of the expansion of our business because of improvements in the
 economy or otherwise, if we make additional investments in new
 businesses, products and technologies, and if we decide to
 purchase one or more additional satellites. Conversely, our
 future capital expenditures are likely to decrease if we are
 unable to successfully compete in the market for fixed satellite
 services, if we produce fewer set-top boxes as a result of a
 decrease in actual or anticipated set-top box revenues, and if
 we do not make material investments in new businesses, products
 and technology.

 67

 Table of Contents 

 Other
 Liquidity Items &#151; Obligations and Future Capital
 Requirements 

 Contractual
 Obligations and Off-balance Sheet Arrangements &#151;
 Historical 

 In general, we do not engage in off-balance sheet financing
 activities. Our contractual obligations as of December 31,
 2006 are summarized as follows:

 Payments Due by Period 

 Total 

 2007 

 2008 

 2009 

 2010 

 2011 

 Thereafter 

 (In thousands) 

 Satellite-related obligations

 $

 98,270

 $

 79,530

 $

 18,740

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Operating lease obligations

 4,003

 879

 906

 933

 961

 324

 &#151;

 Purchase obligations

 614,978

 614,978

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Total

 $

 717,251

 $

 695,387

 $

 19,646

 $

 933

 $

 961

 $

 324

 $

 &#151;

 Future commitments related to satellites on the historical
 balance sheets are included in the table above under
 &#147;Satellite-related obligations.&#148; CMBStar, an S-band
 satellite, is scheduled to be completed during the second
 quarter of 2008. If the required regulatory approvals are
 obtained and contractual conditions are satisfied, the
 transponder capacity of that satellite will be leased to a Hong
 Kong joint venture, which in turn will sublease a portion of the
 transponder capacity to an affiliate of a Chinese regulatory
 entity.

 Contractual
 Obligations and Off-balance Sheet Arrangements &#151; Pro
 Forma Adjustments (excludes acquisition of Sling Media,
 Inc.) 

 As of the effective date of the spin-off, ECC will contribute
 additional contracts for satellites under construction, capital
 leases and other long-term obligations related to our fixed
 satellite services business. Commitments related to these
 contracts are detailed in the tables below.

 Payments Due by Period 

 Total 

 2007 

 2008 

 2009 

 2010 

 2011 

 Thereafter 

 (In thousands) 

 Satellite-related obligations

 $

 987,494

 $

 248,612

 $

 179,061

 $

 184,813

 $

 88,251

 $

 57,763

 $

 228,994

 Purchase obligations

 6,077

 6,077

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Total

 $

 993,571

 $

 254,689

 $

 179,061

 $

 184,813

 $

 88,251

 $

 57,763

 $

 228,994

 In certain circumstances the dates on which we are obligated to
 make these payments could be delayed. These amounts will
 increase to the extent we procure insurance for our satellites
 or contract for the construction, launch or lease of additional
 satellites.

 Interest
 on Long-Term Debt 

 Payments Due by Period 

 Total 

 2007 

 2008 

 2009 

 2010 

 2011 

 Thereafter 

 (In thousands) 

 Capital lease obligations

 $

 160,527

 $

 33,843

 $

 30,707

 $

 27,216

 $

 23,337

 $

 19,032

 $

 26,392

 Other long-term debt

 4,842

 722

 678

 630

 579

 524

 1,709

 Total

 $

 165,369

 $

 34,565

 $

 31,385

 $

 27,846

 $

 23,916

 $

 19,556

 $

 28,101

 Satellite-Related
 Obligations 

 Satellites under Construction. As part of the
 spin-off, ECC will contribute several of its contracts to
 construct new satellites, described below, which are
 contractually scheduled to be completed within the next three
 years. Future commitments related to these satellites are
 included in the table above under &#147;Satellite-related
 obligations.&#148;

 68

 Table of Contents 

 ECC has entered into contracts for the construction of three
 additional SSL Ka
 and/or Ku
 expanded band satellites which are expected to be completed
 during 2009 and 2010. ECC will contribute these to us as part of
 the spin-off. ECC has not yet procured launches for these
 satellites.

 Leased Satellites. In addition to its lease of
 the AMC-15 and AMC-16 satellites discussed below under
 &#147; Capital Lease Obligations,&#148; ECC will also
 contribute satellite service agreements to lease all of the
 capacity on other satellites discussed below. Future commitments
 related to these satellites are included in the table above
 under &#147;Satellite-related obligations.&#148;

 AMC-2. AMC-2 is a fixed satellite services
 satellite positioned at the 85 degree orbital location. Our
 lease of this satellite is expected to continue through 2007 and
 has been accounted for as an operating lease.

 AMC-14. AMC-14 is a DBS satellite, which is
 currently expected to launch early in 2008 and commence
 commercial operation at an orbital location to be determined at
 a future date. The initial ten-year lease for all of the
 capacity on the satellite will be accounted for as a capital
 lease.

 Capital
 Lease Obligations 

 As part of the spin-off, ECC will also contribute to us two
 ten-year satellite service agreements with SES Americom to lease
 all the capacity on the following satellites:

 AMC-15. AMC-15, a fixed satellite services
 satellite, commenced commercial operation during January 2005.
 This lease will be renewable by us on a year to year basis
 following the initial term, and will provide us with certain
 rights to replacement satellites.

 AMC-16. AMC 16, a fixed satellite services
 satellite, commenced commercial operation during February 2005.
 This lease is renewable by us on a year to year basis following
 the initial term, and will provide us with certain rights to
 replacement satellites.

 In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 13, &#147;Accounting for Leases&#148;
 (&#147;SFAS 13&#148;), we will account for the satellite
 component of these agreements as a capital lease. The commitment
 related to the present value of the net future minimum lease
 payments for the satellite component of the agreement is
 included under &#147;Capital Lease Obligations&#148; in the
 table above. The commitment related to future minimum payments
 designated for the lease of the orbital slots and other
 executory costs is included under &#147;Satellite-Related
 Obligations&#148; in the table above. The commitment related to
 the amount representing interest is included under Interest on
 &#147;Long-Term Debt&#148; in the table above.

 Purchase
 Obligations 

 Our purchase obligations primarily consist of binding purchase
 orders for set-top boxes and related components. Our purchase
 obligations can fluctuate significantly from period to period
 due to, among other things, management&#146;s control of
 inventory levels, and can materially impact our future operating
 asset and liability balances, and our future working capital
 requirements.

 Satellite
 Insurance 

 We do not anticipate carrying insurance for any of the in-orbit
 satellites that we will own because we believe that the premium
 costs are uneconomic relative to the risk of satellite failure.
 The loss of a satellite or other satellite malfunctions or
 anomalies could have a material adverse effect on our financial
 performance which we may not be able to mitigate by using
 available capacity on other satellites. There can be no
 assurance that we can recover critical transmission capacity in
 the event one or more of our in-orbit satellites were to fail.
 In addition, the loss of a satellite or other satellite
 malfunctions or anomalies could affect our ability to comply
 with FCC regulatory obligations and our ability to fund the
 construction or acquisition of replacement satellites for our
 in-orbit fleet in a timely fashion, or at all.

 69

 Table of Contents 

 Future
 Capital Requirements 

 From time to time we evaluate opportunities for strategic
 investments or acquisitions that would complement our current
 services and products, enhance our technical capabilities or
 otherwise offer growth opportunities. For example, we are
 exploring business plans for extended Ku-band and
 Ka-band 
 satellite systems, including licenses to operate at the 86.5, 97
 and 113 degree orbital locations. Future material investments or
 acquisitions may require that we obtain additional capital.
 There can be no assurance that we could raise all required
 capital or that required capital would be available on
 acceptable terms, or at all.

 Critical
 Accounting Estimates 

 The preparation of the combined financial statements in
 conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates,
 judgments and assumptions that affect amounts reported therein.
 Management bases its estimates, judgments and assumptions on
 historical experience and on various other factors that are
 believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Due to the
 inherent uncertainty involved in making estimates, actual
 results reported in future periods may be affected by changes in
 those estimates. The following represent what we believe are the
 critical accounting policies that may involve a high degree of
 estimation, judgment and complexity. For a summary of our
 significant accounting policies, including those discussed
 below, see Note 2 in the Notes to Combined Financial
 Statements for EchoStar Holding Corporation.

 Accounting for investments in publicly-traded
 securities. We hold debt and equity interests in
 companies, some of which are publicly traded and have highly
 volatile prices. We record an investment impairment charge when
 we believe an investment has experienced a decline in value that
 is judged to be other than temporary. We monitor our investments
 for impairment by considering current factors including economic
 environment, market conditions and the operational performance
 and other specific factors relating to the business underlying
 the investment. Future adverse changes in these factors could
 result in losses or an inability to recover the carrying value
 of the investments that may not be reflected in an
 investment&#146;s current carrying value, thereby possibly
 requiring an impairment charge in the future.

 Valuation of investments in non-marketable investment
 securities. We calculate the fair value of our
 interest in non-marketable investment securities either at
 consideration given, or for non-cash acquisitions, based on the
 results of valuation analyses utilizing a discounted cash flow
 or DCF model. The DCF methodology involves the use of various
 estimates relating to future cash flow projections and discount
 rates for which significant judgments are required.

 Valuation of long-lived assets. We evaluate
 the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used,
 other than goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives,
 when events and circumstances warrant such a review. The
 carrying value of a long-lived asset or asset group is
 considered impaired when the anticipated undiscounted cash flow
 from such asset or asset group is less than its carrying value.
 In that event, a loss is recognized based on the amount by which
 the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the long-lived
 asset or asset group. Fair value is determined primarily using
 the estimated cash flows associated with the asset or asset
 group under review, discounted at a rate commensurate with the
 risk involved. Losses on long-lived assets to be disposed of by
 sale are determined in a similar manner, except that fair values
 are reduced for estimated selling costs. Changes in estimates of
 future cash flows could result in a write-down of the asset in a
 future period.

 Valuation of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite
 lives. We evaluate the carrying value of
 goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives annually,
 and also when events and circumstances warrant. We use estimates
 of fair value to determine the amount of impairment, if any, of
 recorded goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives.
 Fair value is determined primarily using the estimated future
 cash flows, discounted at a rate commensurate with the risk
 involved. Changes in our estimates of future cash flows could
 result in a write-down of goodwill and intangible assets with
 indefinite lives in a future period, which could be material to
 our combined results of operations and financial position.

 Allowance for doubtful accounts. Management
 estimates the amount of required allowances for the potential
 non-collectibility of accounts receivable based upon past
 collection experience and consideration of other

 70

 Table of Contents 

 relevant factors. However, past experience may not be indicative
 of future collections and therefore additional charges could be
 incurred in the future to reflect differences between estimated
 and actual collections.

 Inventory reserve. Management estimates the
 amount of reserve required for potential obsolete inventory
 based upon past experience, the introduction of new technology
 and consideration of other relevant factors. However, past
 experience may not be indicative of future reserve requirements
 and therefore additional charges could be incurred in the future
 to reflect differences between estimated and actual reserve
 requirements.

 Stock-based compensation. We account for
 stock - based compensation in accordance with the
 fair value recognition provisions of SFAS 123R. We use the
 Black-Scholes option pricing model, which requires the input of
 subjective assumptions. These assumptions include, among other
 things, estimating the length of time employees will retain
 their vested stock options before exercising them (expected
 term); the estimated volatility of our common stock price over
 the expected term (volatility), and the number of options that
 will ultimately not complete their vesting requirements
 (forfeitures), see Note 3 in the Notes to our Combined
 Financial Statements of EchoStar Holding Corporation. Changes in
 these assumptions can materially affect the estimate of fair
 value of stock-based compensation.

 Income taxes. Our income tax policy is to
 record the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences
 between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and amounts
 reported in the accompanying combined balance sheets, as well as
 operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. We follow the
 guidelines set forth in Statement of Financial Accounting
 Standards No. 109, &#147;Accounting for Income Taxes,&#148;
 or SFAS 109, regarding the recoverability of any tax assets
 recorded on the balance sheet and provide any necessary
 valuation allowances as required. Determining necessary
 valuation allowances requires us to make assessments about the
 timing of future events, including the probability of expected
 future taxable income and available tax planning opportunities.
 In accordance with SFAS 109, we periodically evaluate our
 need for a valuation allowance based on both historical
 evidence, including trends, and future expectations in each
 reporting period. Future performance could have a significant
 effect on the realization of tax benefits, or reversals of
 valuation allowances, as reported in our results of operations.

 Contingent liabilities. A significant amount
 of management judgment is required in determining when, or if,
 an accrual should be recorded for a contingency and the amount
 of such accrual. Estimates generally are developed in
 consultation with outside counsel and are based on an analysis
 of potential outcomes. Due to the uncertainty of determining the
 likelihood of a future event occurring and the potential
 financial statement impact of such an event, it is possible that
 upon further development or resolution of a contingency matter,
 a charge could be recorded in a future period that would be
 material to our consolidated results of operations and financial
 position.

 New
 Accounting Pronouncements 

 We adopted the provisions of FASB Interpretation No. 48,
 &#147;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes &#151; an
 Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109,&#148; or
 FIN 48, on January 1, 2007. FIN 48 clarifies the
 accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an
 enterprise&#146;s financial statements in accordance with
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109,
 &#147;Accounting for Income Taxes,&#148; and prescribes a
 recognition threshold and measurement process for financial
 statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or
 expected to be taken in a tax return. FIN 48 also provides
 guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and
 penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and
 transition.

 In September 2006, the FASB issued Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 157, &#147;Fair Value
 Measurements,&#148; or SFAS 157, which defines fair value,
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles and expands
 disclosures about fair value measurements. This pronouncement
 applies to other accounting standards that require or permit
 fair value measurements. Accordingly, this statement does not
 require any new fair value measurement. This statement is
 effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15,
 2007, and interim periods within that fiscal year. We

 71

 Table of Contents 

 are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of
 SFAS 157 will have on our financial position and results of
 operations.

 In February 2007, the FASB issued Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 159, &#147;The Fair Value Option
 for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities,&#148; or
 SFAS 159, which permits entities to choose to measure
 financial instruments and certain other items at fair value.
 This statement is effective as of the beginning of an
 entity&#146;s first fiscal year that begins after
 November 15, 2007. We are currently evaluating the impact
 the adoption of SFAS 159 will have on our financial
 position and results of operations.

 Seasonality 

 Our revenues vary throughout the year depending upon the
 seasonality of our customers in the subscription television
 service industry. As is typical for our customers, the first
 half of the year generally produces fewer new subscribers than
 the second half of the year.

 Inflation 

 Inflation has not materially affected our operations during the
 past three years. We believe that our ability to increase the
 prices charged for our products and services in future periods
 will depend primarily on competitive pressures. We do not have
 any material backlog of our products.

 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 Market
 Risks Associated With Financial Instruments 

 As of September 30, 2007, our cash, cash equivalents and
 marketable investment securities had a fair value of
 $530.8 million. Of that amount, a total of
 $33.7 million was invested in fixed or variable rate
 instruments or money market type accounts. The primary purpose
 of these investing activities has been to preserve principal
 until the cash is required to, among other things, fund
 operations, make strategic investments and expand the business.
 Consequently, the size of this portfolio fluctuates
 significantly as cash is received and used in our business.

 Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable investment securities
 had an average annual return for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007 of 5.3%. A hypothetical 10% decrease in
 interest rates would result in a decrease of approximately
 $0.2 million in annual interest income. The value of
 certain of the investments in this portfolio can be impacted by,
 among other things, the risk of adverse changes in securities
 and economic markets, as well as the risks related to the
 performance of the companies whose commercial paper and other
 instruments we hold. However, the high quality of these
 investments (as assessed by independent rating agencies) reduces
 these risks. The value of these investments can also be impacted
 by interest rate fluctuations.

 Included in our marketable investment securities portfolio
 balance is debt and equity of public companies we hold for
 strategic and financial purposes. As of September 30, 2007,
 we held strategic and financial debt and equity investments of
 public companies with a fair value of $497.0 million. These
 investments are highly speculative and are concentrated in a
 small number of companies. We may make additional strategic and
 financial investments in debt and other equity securities in the
 future. The fair value of our strategic and financial debt and
 equity investments can be significantly impacted by the risk of
 adverse changes in securities markets generally, as well as
 risks related to the performance of the companies whose
 securities we have invested in, risks associated with specific
 industries, and other factors. These investments are subject to
 significant fluctuations in fair value due to the volatility of
 the securities markets and of the underlying businesses. A
 hypothetical 10.0% adverse change in the price of our public
 strategic debt and equity investments would result in
 approximately a $49.7 million decrease in the fair value of
 that portfolio. The fair value of our strategic debt investments
 are currently not materially impacted by interest rate
 fluctuations due to the nature of these investments.

 72

 Table of Contents 

 We currently classify all marketable investment securities as
 available-for-sale. We adjust the carrying value of our
 available-for-sale securities to fair value and report the
 related temporary unrealized gains and losses as a separate
 component of &#147;Accumulated other comprehensive income
 (loss)&#148; within &#147;Total owner&#146;s equity
 (deficit),&#148; net of related deferred income tax. Declines in
 the fair value of a marketable investment security which are
 estimated to be &#147;other than temporary&#148; are recognized
 in the Combined Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
 Income (Loss), thus establishing a new cost basis for such
 investment. We evaluate our marketable investment securities
 portfolio on a quarterly basis to determine whether declines in
 the fair value of these securities are other than temporary.
 This quarterly evaluation consists of reviewing, among other
 things, the fair value of our marketable investment securities
 compared to the carrying amount, the historical volatility of
 the price of each security and any market and company specific
 factors related to each security. Generally, absent specific
 factors to the contrary, declines in the fair value of
 investments below cost basis for a continuous period of less
 than six months are considered to be temporary. Declines in the
 fair value of investments for a continuous period of six to nine
 months are evaluated on a case by case basis to determine
 whether any company or market-specific factors exist which would
 indicate that such declines are other than temporary. Declines
 in the fair value of investments below cost basis for a
 continuous period greater than nine months are considered other
 than temporary and are recorded as charges to earnings, absent
 specific factors to the contrary.

 As of September 30, 2007, we had gains net of related tax
 effect of $104.5 million as a part of &#147;Accumulated
 other comprehensive income (loss)&#148; within &#147;Total
 owner&#146;s equity (deficit).&#148; During the nine months
 ended September 30, 2007, we did not record any charge to
 earnings for other than temporary declines in the fair value of
 our marketable investment securities. In addition, during the
 nine months ended September 30, 2007, we recognized in our
 Combined Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 (Loss) realized and net gains on marketable investment
 securities of $5.0 million. During the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007, our strategic investments have
 experienced and continue to experience volatility. If the fair
 value of our strategic marketable investment securities
 portfolio does not remain above cost basis or if we become aware
 of any market or company specific factors that indicate that the
 carrying value of certain of our securities is impaired, we may
 be required to record charges to earnings in future periods
 equal to the amount of the decline in fair value.

 We have several strategic investments in certain non-marketable
 equity securities which are included in &#147;Investment in
 affiliates&#148; on our Combined Balance Sheets. Generally, we
 account for our unconsolidated equity investments under either
 the equity method or cost method of accounting. Because these
 equity securities are not publicly traded, it is not practical
 to regularly estimate the fair value of the investments;
 however, these investments are subject to an evaluation for
 other than temporary impairment on a quarterly basis. This
 quarterly evaluation consists of reviewing, among other things,
 company business plans and current financial statements, if
 available, for factors that may indicate an impairment of our
 investment. Such factors may include, but are not limited to,
 cash flow concerns, material litigation, violations of debt
 covenants and changes in business strategy. The fair value of
 these equity investments is not estimated unless there are
 identified changes in circumstances that may indicate an
 impairment exists and these changes are likely to have a
 significant adverse effect on the fair value of the investment.
 As of September 30, 2007, we had $81.4 million
 aggregate carrying amount of non-marketable and unconsolidated
 strategic equity investments, of which $60.4 million is
 accounted for under the cost method. During the nine months
 ended September 30, 2007, we did not record any impairment
 charges with respect to these investments.

 In general, we do not use derivative financial instruments for
 hedging or speculative purposes, but we may do so in the future.

 73

 Table of Contents 

 PROPERTIES 

 The following table sets forth certain information concerning
 our principal properties. We operate various facilities in the
 United States and abroad. We believe that our facilities are
 well maintained and are sufficient to meet our current and
 projected needs.

 Approximate 

 Square 

 Owned or 

 Description/Use/Location 

 Footage 

 Leased 

 Corporate headquarters, Englewood, Colorado

 476,000

 Owned

 Corporate facilities, Littleton, Colorado

 202,000

 Owned

 EchoStar Technologies Corporation engineering offices and
 service center, Englewood, Colorado

 144,000

 Owned

 EchoStar Technologies Corporation engineering offices,
 Englewood, Colorado

 63,000

 Owned

 EchoStar Data Networks engineering offices, Atlanta, Georgia

 50,000

 Leased

 Digital broadcast operations center, Cheyenne, Wyoming

 143,000

 Owned

 Digital broadcast operations center, Gilbert, Arizona

 124,000

 Owned

 Regional digital broadcast operations center, Monee, Illinois

 45,000

 Owned

 Regional digital broadcast operations center, New Braunsfels,
 Texas

 35,000

 Owned

 Regional digital broadcast operations center, Quicksberg,
 Virginia

 35,000

 Owned

 Regional digital broadcast operations center, Spokane, Washington

 35,000

 Owned

 Engineering offices and warehouse, Almelo, The Netherlands

 55,000

 Owned

 Engineering offices, Steeton, England

 43,000

 Owned

 Under the terms of our separation from ECC, we will lease
 portions of certain of our owned facilities to ECC. See
 &#147;Certain Intercompany Agreements &#151; Agreements
 with ECC &#151; Real Estate Lease Agreements.&#148;

 74

 Table of Contents 

 BUSINESS 

 Overview 

 We intend to operate two primary businesses, a digital set-top
 box business and a fixed satellite services business.

 Our set-top box business designs, develops and distributes
 set-top boxes and related products for direct-to-home satellite
 service providers. In 2006, our set-top box business shipped
 over nine million set-top boxes. Most of these set-top boxes
 were sold to ECC, but we also sold set-top boxes to Bell
 ExpressVu and other international customers. We currently employ
 over 700 engineers in our set-top box and related businesses.

 Our fixed satellite services business will be developed using
 our nine owned or leased in-orbit satellites and related FCC
 licenses, a network of seven full service digital broadcast
 centers, and leased fiber optic capacity with points of presence
 in approximately 150 cities. All of these assets will be
 contributed to us on the distribution date. We expect that our
 primary customer initially will be ECC. However, we also expect
 to lease capacity in the spot market and to government and
 enterprise customers.

 We will enter into commercial agreements with ECC pursuant to
 which we will have the obligation to sell set-top boxes and
 related products and provide fixed satellite services to ECC at
 set prices for a period of two years. However, ECC is under no
 obligation to purchase our set-top boxes and related products
 during or after this two-year period and ECC may terminate the
 agreements to receive fixed satellite services upon 60 days
 notice.

 As part of ECC, we competed with many of our potential
 customers. We believe our separation from ECC may expand our
 opportunities to enter into commercial relationships with these
 and other new customers, although there can be no assurance that
 we will be successful in entering into any of these commercial
 relationships.

 Products
 and Services 

 Set-top
 Boxes and Related Products 

 Our set-top boxes permit consumers to watch, control and record
 television programming through digital video recorder, or DVR,
 technology integrated with satellite receivers. Certain of our
 set-top boxes are also capable of incorporating internet
 protocol television, or IPTV, functionality, which allows
 consumers to download movies, music and other content from the
 internet through an Ethernet connection.

 Our current set-top box lineup includes:

 &#149; 
 
 Standard-definition (SD) basic digital set-top
 boxes: These devices allow consumers who
 subscribe to television service from multi-channel video
 distributors to access encrypted digital video and audio content
 and make use of a variety of interactive applications. These
 applications include an on-screen interactive program guide,
 pay-per-view 
 offerings, the ability to support V-chip type technology, games
 and shopping and parental control.

 &#149; 
 
 SD-DVR digital set-top boxes: In addition to
 the functionality of a SD basic digital set-top box, these
 devices enable subscribers to pause, stop, reverse, fast
 forward, record and replay live or recorded digital television
 content using a built-in hard drive capable of storing up to
 200 hours of content. They also include the ability to
 support
 video-on-demand, 
 or VOD, services.

 &#149; 
 
 High-Definition (HD) digital set-top
 boxes: These devices enable subscribers to access
 the enhanced picture quality and sound of high-definition
 content, in addition to the functionality of a SD digital
 set-top box.

 &#149; 
 
 HD-DVR digital set-top boxes: These devices
 combine the functionality of the HD set-top box and the DVR
 digital set-top box into a single device. Our most-advanced
 HD-DVR set-top boxes are capable of storing up to 350 hours
 of SD, or 55 hours of HD, content, contain IPTV
 functionality, and allow users to greatly increase their DVR
 storage capacity through the use of external hard drives.

 75

 Table of Contents 

 In addition to set-top boxes we also design and develop related
 products such as satellite dishes, remote controls and other
 devices and accessories.

 Fixed
 Satellite Services 

 Following the completion of the spin-off, we will operate six
 owned and three leased in-orbit satellites. We will also have
 one owned and one leased satellite under construction.

 We will also operate a number of digital broadcast centers in
 the United States. Our principal digital broadcast centers are
 located in Cheyenne, Wyoming and Gilbert, Arizona. We also have
 five regional digital broadcast centers that allow us to utilize
 the spot beam capabilities of our satellites. Programming and
 other data is received at these centers by fiber or satellite,
 processed, and then &#147;uplinked&#148; to our satellites for
 transmission to consumers. Equipment at our digital broadcast
 centers also performs compression and encryption of our
 customers&#146; programming signals.

 Our transponder capacity is currently used for a variety of
 applications:

 &#149; 
 
 Broadcasting Services. We lease satellite
 transponder capacity to broadcasters and programmers who use our
 satellites to deliver their programming to U.S. cable systems
 and cable households. Our satellites are also used for the
 transmission of live sporting events and satellite news
 gathering services.

 &#149; 
 
 Government Services. We lease satellite
 capacity and provide technical services to US government
 agencies and contractors. We believe the U.S. government may
 increase its use of commercial satellites for Homeland Security,
 emergency response, continuing education, distance learning, and
 training.

 &#149; 
 
 Network Services. We lease satellite
 transponder capacity and provide terrestrial network services to
 corporations. These networks are dedicated private networks that
 allow delivery of video and data services for corporate
 communications. Our satellites can be used for point to point or
 point to multi-point one way or two way communications.

 &#149; 
 
 Satellite IP. We currently aggregate content
 at our digital broadcast centers and offer transport services
 for over 300 channels of MPEG IV IP encapsulated
 standard-definition and high-definition programming from our
 satellite located at the 85 degree orbital location. We intend
 to offer these wholesale programming transport services to
 telecommunication companies, rural cable operators, local
 exchange carriers and wireless broadband providers.

 Other
 Business Opportunities 

 ECC has entered into agreements to construct and launch an
 S-band satellite and to lease its transponder capacity to a Hong
 Kong joint venture, which in turn will sublease a portion of
 such transponder capacity to an affiliate of a Chinese
 governmental entity to support the development of
 satellite-delivered mobile video services in China. ECC also has
 recently completed several other strategic investments, and we
 intend to evaluate new strategic development opportunities both
 in the United States and in other international markets. These
 investments will be transferred to us as part of the spin-off,
 and are part of our strategy to expand our business and support
 the development of new satellite-delivered services, such as
 mobile video services. The expertise we obtain through these
 investments may also help us to improve and expand the services
 that we provide to our existing customers.

 However, these investments involve many significant risks,
 including, among other things, the risks that required
 regulatory approvals and other conditions may not be obtained or
 satisfied, that we may not be able to enter into necessary
 distribution and other relationships, and that the companies in
 which we invest or with whom we partner may not be able to
 compete effectively in their markets or that there may be
 insufficient demand for the new services planned by these
 companies.

 During 2007 ECC participated in an FCC auction for licenses in
 the 1.4 GHz band and was the winning bidder for several licenses
 with total winning bids of $57.4 million. ECC intends to
 transfer these licenses to us in the spin-off subject to receipt
 of final FCC approvals. We are currently evaluating commercial
 uses for this spectrum. While its propagation characteristics
 are attractive, the small amount of spectrum limits its

 76

 Table of Contents 

 potential commercial use. There can be no assurance that we will
 be able to exploit these licenses or that we could raise all
 capital required to develop these licenses.

 Sling
 Media 

 Sling Media, Inc. was acquired in October 2007 by ECC and will
 be transferred to us as part of the spin-off. Sling Media is the
 maker of the Slingbox, which allows consumers to watch and
 control their television programming at any time, from any
 location, using personal computers, personal digital assistants,
 smartphones and other digital media devices. This information
 statement includes historical financial statements and other
 information regarding Sling Media.

 Our
 Business Strategy 

 Expand set-top box business to additional
 customers. We believe our separation from ECC
 could enhance our opportunities to sell set-top boxes to a
 broader group of multi-channel video distributors. Historically,
 many of our potential customers have perceived us as a
 competitor due to our affiliation with ECC. After the spin-off,
 we believe we could have opportunities to enter into commercial
 relationships with other multi-channel video distributors. There
 can be no assurance, however, that we will be successful in
 entering into any of these commercial relationships (particulary
 if we continue to be perceived as affiliated with ECC as a
 result of common ownership and related management).

 Leverage satellite capacity and related
 infrastructure. Our fixed satellite services
 business benefits from excess satellite and fiber capacity that
 we believe was in large part created through innovation and
 operational efficiencies at ECC. While we expect that ECC will
 initially be our primary customer for fixed satellite services,
 we believe market opportunities exist to utilize our capacity to
 provide digital video distribution, satellite-delivered IP,
 corporate communications and government services to a broader
 customer base.

 Offer comprehensive network infrastructure
 solutions. We intend to leverage our over 700
 engineers to customize infrastructure solutions for a broad base
 of customers. For example, we could offer a customer the ability
 to deliver a fully integrated video programming solution,
 incorporating our satellite and backhaul capacity, customized
 set-top boxes and network design and management.

 Capitalize on change in regulations. Changes
 in federal law and regulations applicable to the set-box
 industry may create opportunities for us to expand our business.

 &#149; 
 
 Digital transition. Congress has mandated that
 by February 2009 all network broadcasts be transmitted
 digitally, which will require households that receive
 over-the-air broadcast signals with an analog television to
 obtain a digital converter device. This digital converter device
 is a new product and we believe that we are in a position to
 develop and market devices that could allow us to effectively
 compete in this new market.

 &#149; 
 
 Removable security systems. The Federal
 Communications Commission, or FCC, mandated that by July 2007
 cable providers use removable security modules to provide
 conditional access security for television content. The FCC
 intends for this regulation to spur competition in the retail
 set-top box market, providing an even playing field between
 leased cable set-top boxes and retail-bought, cable-ready TVs
 and set-top box equipment. We believe this new regulation may
 create an opportunity for us to compete on a more level field in
 the domestic market for cable set-top boxes.

 Exploit international opportunities. We
 believe that direct-to-home satellite service is particularly
 well-suited for countries without extensive cable
 infrastructure, and we intend to continue to try to secure new
 customer relationships from international direct-to-home
 satellite service providers.

 Pursue strategic partnerships, joint ventures and
 acquisitions. We intend to selectively pursue
 partnerships, joint ventures and strategic acquisition
 opportunities that we believe may allow us to increase our
 existing market share, expand into new markets, broaden our
 portfolio of products or intellectual property, or strengthen
 our relationships with our customers.

 77

 Table of Contents 

 Act on the set-top box replacement cycle. The
 broader adoption of high definition television by consumers will
 require more advanced compression (e.g., MPEG-4) and security
 technologies within set-top boxes. This may launch a replacement
 cycle, particularly among direct-to-home and cable providers
 with substantial bases of legacy equipment, which may create
 additional market opportunities for us.

 Customers 

 Digital
 Set-top Box Business 

 Historically the primary customer of our digital set-top box
 business has been ECC. For the nine month period ended
 September 30, 2007 and the fiscal years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, ECC accounted for
 approximately 86.2%, 84.5%, 85.6% and 89.7% of our total
 historical revenue, respectively. In addition, Bell ExpressVu, a
 direct-to-home satellite service provider in Canada, accounted
 for 10.0%,12.2%, 11.4% and 7.3% respectively, of our historical
 total revenue for the nine month period ended September 30,
 2007 and the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and
 2004. We also currently sell our set-top boxes to other
 international direct-to-home satellite service providers,
 although these customers do not account for a significant amount
 of our total revenue.

 In the near term, we expect to rely on ECC to remain the primary
 customer of our set-top box business and the primary source of
 our total revenue. We will enter into commercial agreements with
 ECC pursuant to which we will be obligated to sell set-top boxes
 and related products to ECC at set prices for a period of two
 years. ECC is under no obligation to purchase our set-top boxes
 or related products during or after this two- year period. In
 addition, while we currently have certain binding purchase
 orders from Bell ExpressVu through the beginning of 2008, the
 availability of new compression technology could impact our
 relationship with Bell ExpressVu, depending on its strategy to
 upgrade customers. There can be no assurance that ECC or Bell
 ExpressVu will continue to use our set-top boxes in the future
 or that we will be successful in growing our set-top box
 business.

 Fixed
 Satellite Services 

 We lease transponder capacity on our satellite fleet primarily
 to ECC, but also to a small number of government and enterprise
 customers, telecommunications companies and other users. In the
 near term, due to our limited base of customers, we expect to
 have a substantial amount of excess capacity. For the nine month
 period ended September 30, 2007 and the fiscal year ended
 December 31, 2006, ECC accounted for approximately 93.9%
 and 97.5% of our pro forma total fixed satellite services
 revenue, respectively. We will enter into commercial agreements
 with ECC pursuant to which we will be obligated to provide ECC
 with fixed satellite services at fixed prices for up to two
 years. However, ECC may terminate these agreements upon 60 days
 notice. Our other fixed satellite service sales are generally
 characterized by shorter-term contracts or spot market sales.

 We currently have substantial unused satellite capacity. Future
 costs associated with this excess capacity will negatively
 impact our margins if we do not generate revenue to offset these
 costs. In addition, because a substantial portion of the
 capacity of each of our AMC-15, AMC-16 and EchoStar IX
 satellites remains unused, there is a significant risk that in
 the future, in addition to reporting lower than expected
 revenues and profitability, we will be required to record a
 substantial impairment charge relating to one or more of these
 satellites. We currently estimate that these potential charges
 could aggregate up to $250 million, which, if incurred
 would have a material adverse effect on our reported operating
 results and financial position. Furthermore, it is possible that
 in 2008 ECC will discontinue the use of some or all of the
 capacity on one or more other satellites that it will initially
 lease from us. To the extent that this occurs and we are unable
 to find other customers to lease this additional anticipated
 excess capacity, we may be required to record additional
 substantial impairment charges that we currently estimate could
 aggregate up to $100 million.

 Marketing
 and Sales 

 Historically, our sales and marketing efforts have been limited
 in scope and focused on international opportunities because the
 majority of our products and services were provided to ECC
 pursuant to purchase

 78

 Table of Contents 

 orders and not long term contracts. Therefore, to successfully
 implement our business strategy we will need to significantly
 expand our marketing and sales capabilities both domestically
 and internationally.

 Manufacturing
 and Material Sources 

 Although we design, engineer and distribute set-top boxes and
 related products, we are not generally engaged in the
 manufacturing process. Instead we outsource the manufacturing of
 our set-top boxes and related products to third party
 manufacturers who manufacture our products according to
 specifications supplied by us. We depend on a few manufacturers,
 and in some cases a single manufacturer, for the production of
 set-top boxes and related products. Although there can be no
 assurance, we do not believe that the loss of any single
 manufacturer would materially impact our business. Sanmina-SCI
 Corporation and Jabil Circuit, Inc. currently manufacture the
 majority of our set-top boxes.

 Research
 and Development 

 For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and
 2004, we have invested approximately $56.5 million,
 $45.9 million and $39.8 million, respectively, in
 research and development primarily related to our set-top box
 business.

 Competition 

 Digital
 Set-top box Business 

 As we seek to establish ourselves in the digital set-top box
 industry as an independent business we will face substantial
 competition. Many of our primary competitors, such as Motorola
 and Cisco, which recently acquired Scientific Atlanta, have
 established longstanding relationships with their customers. For
 instance, some of these competitors own the conditional access
 technology deployed by their customers. We may not be able to
 license this technology from these competitors on favorable
 terms or at all. In addition, we may face competition from
 international developers of set-top box systems who may be able
 to develop and manufacture products and services at costs that
 are substantially lower than ours. Our ability to compete in the
 digital multi-media industry will also depend heavily on our
 ability to successfully bring new technologies to market to keep
 pace with our competitors.

 Fixed
 Satellite Services Business 

 We compete against larger, well-established fixed satellite
 service companies, such as Intelsat, SES Americom and Telesat
 Canada, in an industry that is characterized by long-term leases
 and high switching costs. Therefore, it will be difficult to
 displace customers from their current relationships with our
 competitors. Intelsat and SES Americom maintain key North
 American orbital slots which may further limit competition and
 competitive pricing. In addition, our fixed satellite service
 business could face significant competition from suppliers of
 terrestrial communications capacity.

 While we believe that there may be opportunities to capture new
 business as a result of market trends such as the digital
 transition and the increased communications demands of homeland
 security initiatives, there can be no assurance that we will be
 able to effectively compete against our competitors due to their
 significant resources and operating history.

 Satellite
 Fleet Overview 

 As discussed above, we will have six owned and three leased
 in-orbit satellites, and we will have one owned and one leased
 satellite currently under construction. While we believe that
 overall our satellite fleet is generally in good condition,
 during 2007 and prior periods certain satellites in our fleet
 have experienced anomalies, some of which have had a significant
 adverse impact on their commercial operation. There can be no
 assurance that we can recover critical transmission capacity in
 the event one or more of our in-orbit satellites were to fail.
 We do not anticipate carrying insurance for any of the in-orbit
 satellites that we will own.

 79

 Table of Contents 

 Owned
 Satellites 

 EchoStar III. EchoStar III was launched
 during October 1997 and currently operates at the 61.5 degree
 orbital location. The satellite was originally designed to
 operate a maximum of 32 transponders at approximately 120 watts
 per channel, switchable to 16 transponders operating at over 230
 watts per channel, and was equipped with a total of 44
 transponders to provide redundancy. Prior to 2006, TWTA
 anomalies caused 22 transponders to fail. During April and
 October 2006, further TWTA anomalies caused the failure of four
 additional transponders. As a result, a maximum of 18
 transponders are currently available for use on EchoStar III,
 but due to redundancy switching limitations and specific channel
 authorizations, we can only operate on 15 of the 30 FCC
 authorized frequencies we will have the right to utilize at the
 61.5 degree location. While we do not expect a large number of
 additional TWTAs to fail in any year, and the failures have not
 reduced the original minimum
 12-year 
 design life of the satellite, it is likely that additional TWTA
 failures will occur from time to time in the future, and those
 failures will further impact commercial operation of the
 satellite.

 EchoStar IV. EchoStar IV was launched
 during May 1998 and currently operates at the 77 degree orbital
 location. The satellite was originally designed to operate a
 maximum of 32 transponders at approximately 120 watts per
 channel, switchable to 16 transponders operating at over 230
 watts per channel. As a result of past TWTA failures, only six
 transponders are currently available for use and the satellite
 has been fully depreciated on our books. There can be no
 assurance that further material degradation, or total loss of
 use, of EchoStar IV will not occur in the immediate future.

 EchoStar VI. EchoStar VI was launched during
 July 2000 and is currently stationed at the 110 degree orbital
 location as an in-orbit spare. The satellite was originally
 equipped with 108 solar array strings, approximately 102 of
 which are required to assure full power availability for the
 original minimum
 12-year 
 design life of the satellite. Prior to 2006, EchoStar VI
 experienced anomalies resulting in the loss of 15 solar array
 strings. During 2006, two additional solar array strings failed,
 reducing the number of functional solar array strings to 91.
 While the design life of the satellite has not been affected,
 commercial operability has been reduced. The satellite was
 designed to operate 32 transponders at approximately 125 watts
 per channel, switchable to 16 transponders operating at
 approximately 225 watts per channel. The power reduction
 resulting from the solar array failures limits us to operation
 of a maximum of 26 transponders in standard power mode, or 13
 transponders in high power mode currently. The number of
 transponders to which power can be provided is expected to
 continue to decline in the future at the rate of approximately
 one transponder every three years. See discussion of evaluation
 of impairment in &#147;Long-Lived Satellite Assets&#148; in
 Note 2 in the Notes to Statement of Net Assets to be
 Contributed by ECC.

 EchoStar VIII. EchoStar VIII was launched
 during August 2002 and currently operates at the 110 degree
 orbital location. The satellite was designed to operate 32
 transponders at approximately 120 watts per channel, switchable
 to 16 transponders operating at approximately 240 watts per
 channel. EchoStar VIII also includes spot-beam technology. This
 satellite has experienced several anomalies since launch, but
 none have reduced the
 12-year 
 estimated useful life of the satellite. However, there can be no
 assurance that future anomalies will not cause further losses
 which could materially impact its commercial operation, or
 result in a total loss of the satellite.

 EchoStar IX. EchoStar IX was launched during
 August 2003 and currently operates at the 121 degree orbital
 location. The satellite was designed to operate 32 fixed
 satellite services transponders operating at approximately 110
 watts per channel, along with transponders that can provide
 services in the
 Ka-Band (a
 &#147;Ka-band 
 payload&#148;). The satellite also includes a C-band payload
 which is owned by a third party. During 2006, EchoStar IX
 experienced the loss of one of its three momentum wheels, two of
 which are utilized during normal operations. A spare wheel was
 switched in at the time and the loss did not reduce the
 12-year 
 estimated useful life of the satellite. During September 2007,
 the satellite experienced anomalies resulting in the loss of
 three solar array strings. An investigation of the anomalies is
 continuing. The anomalies have not impacted commercial operation
 of the satellite to date. The design life of the satellite is
 not expected to be impacted since the satellite is equipped with
 a total of 288 solar array strings, only approximately 276 of
 which are required to assure full power availability for the
 design life of the satellite. However, there can be

 80

 Table of Contents 

 no assurance future anomalies will not cause further losses,
 which could impact the remaining life or commercial operation of
 the satellite.

 EchoStar XII. EchoStar XII was launched during
 July 2003 and currently operates at the 61.5 degree orbital
 location. The satellite was designed to operate 13 transponders
 at 270 watts per channel, in CONUS mode, or 22 spot beams
 using a combination of 135 and 65 watt TWTAs. We currently
 operate the satellite in CONUS mode. EchoStar XII has a total of
 24 solar array circuits, approximately 22 of which are required
 to assure full power for the original minimum
 12-year 
 design life of the satellite. Since late 2004, eight solar array
 circuits on EchoStar XII have experienced anomalous behavior
 resulting in both temporary and permanent solar array circuit
 failures. The cause of the failures is still being investigated.
 The design life of the satellite has not been affected. However,
 these temporary and permanent failures have resulted in a
 reduction in power to the satellite which will preclude us from
 using the full complement of transponders on EchoStar XII for
 the 12-year 
 design life of the satellite. The exact extent of this impact
 has not yet been determined. There can be no assurance future
 anomalies will not cause further losses, which could further
 impact commercial operation of the satellite or its useful life.
 See discussion of evaluation of impairment in &#147;Long-Lived
 Satellite Assets&#148; in Note 2 in the Notes to Statement
 of Net Assets to be Contributed by ECC.

 Leased
 Satellites 

 We are currently leasing all of the capacity on an existing
 in-orbit fixed satellite services satellite, AMC-2, at the 85
 degree orbital location. Our lease of this satellite is expected
 to continue through 2007 and has been accounted for as an
 operating lease.

 AMC-15. AMC-15 commenced commercial operation
 during January 2005 and currently operates at the 105 degree
 orbital location. This SES Americom fixed satellite services
 satellite is equipped with 24 Ku fixed satellite services
 transponders that operate at approximately 120 watts per channel
 and a Ka fixed satellite services payload consisting of 12 spot
 beams. As part of the spin-off, ECC will contribute to us a
 ten-year satellite service agreement for this satellite which
 will be renewable by us on a year to year basis following the
 initial term, and provides us with certain rights to replacement
 satellites.

 AMC-16. AMC-16 commenced commercial operation
 during February 2005 and currently operates at the 85 degree
 orbital location. This SES Americom fixed satellite services
 satellite is equipped with 24 Ku-band transponders that operate
 at approximately 120 watts per channel and a
 Ka-band 
 payload consisting of 12 spot beams. As part of the spin-off,
 ECC will contribute to us a ten-year satellite service agreement
 for this satellite which will be renewable by us on a year to
 year basis following the initial term, and provides us with
 certain rights to replacement satellites.

 Satellites
 Under Construction 

 CMBStar. The CMBStar satellite is an S-band
 satellite intended to be used in our mobile video project in
 China and is scheduled to be completed during the second quarter
 of 2008. If the required regulatory approvals are obtained and
 contractual conditions are satisfied, the transponder capacity
 of that satellite will be leased to a Hong Kong joint venture,
 which in turn will sublease a portion of the transponder
 capacity to an affiliate of a Chinese regulatory entity.

 AMC-14. AMC-14 will launch and commence
 commercial operation in early 2008 at an orbital location to be
 determined at a future date. The satellite is being equipped
 with transmit antennas optimized for multiple orbital locations,
 providing greater backup flexibility in the event certain other
 in-orbit satellites fail.

 ECC has entered into contracts for the construction of three
 additional SSL Ka
 and/or Ku
 expanded band satellites which are expected to be completed
 during 2009 and 2010. ECC will contribute these contracts to us
 as part of the spin-off.

 Government
 Regulations 

 We are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FCC for our
 domestic operations. We are also regulated by other federal
 agencies, state and local authorities and the International
 Telecommunication Union. Depending

 81

 Table of Contents 

 upon the circumstances, noncompliance with legislation or
 regulations promulgated by these entities could result in
 suspension or revocation of our licenses or authorizations, the
 termination or loss of contracts or the imposition of
 contractual damages, civil fines or criminal penalties.

 The following summary of regulatory developments and legislation
 in the United States is not intended to describe all present and
 proposed government regulation and legislation affecting the
 satellite and set-top box equipment markets. Government
 regulations that are currently the subject of judicial or
 administrative proceedings, legislative hearings or
 administrative proposals could change our industry to varying
 degrees. We cannot predict either the outcome of these
 proceedings or any potential impact they might have on the
 industry or on our operations.

 Regulations
 Applicable to Satellite Operations 

 FCC Jurisdiction over our Satellite
 Operations. The Communications Act gives the FCC
 broad authority to regulate the operations of satellite
 companies. Specifically, the Communications Act gives the FCC
 regulatory jurisdiction over the following areas relating to
 communications satellite operations:

 &#149; 
 
 the assignment of satellite radio frequencies and orbital
 locations;

 &#149; 
 
 licensing of satellites, earth stations, the granting of related
 authorizations, and evaluation of the fitness of a company to be
 a licensee;

 &#149; 
 
 approval for the relocation of satellites to different orbital
 locations or the replacement of an existing satellite with a new
 satellite;

 &#149; 
 
 ensuring compliance with the terms and conditions of such
 assignments and authorizations, including required timetables
 for construction and operation of satellites and other due
 diligence requirements;

 &#149; 
 
 avoiding interference with other radio frequency
 emitters; and

 &#149; 
 
 ensuring compliance with other applicable provisions of the
 Communications Act and FCC rules and regulations governing the
 operations of satellite communications providers.

 In order to obtain FCC satellite licenses and authorizations,
 satellite operators must satisfy strict legal, technical and
 financial qualification requirements. Once issued, these
 licenses and authorizations are subject to a number of
 conditions including, among other things, satisfaction of
 ongoing due diligence obligations, construction milestones, and
 various reporting requirements. Applications for new or modified
 satellites and earth stations are necessary for further
 development and expansion of satellites services. Necessary
 federal approval of these applications may not be granted, or
 may not be granted in a timely manner.

 Overview of Our Satellites Licenses and
 Authorizations. This overview describes the
 satellite licenses and authorizations that will be contributed
 to us in the spin-off, and it assumes for purposes of this
 description the completion of these contributions. However,
 transfer of these licenses and authorizations remains subject to
 receipt of all required FCC and other governmental approvals.

 Our satellites are located in orbital positions, or slots, that
 are designated by their western longitude. An orbital position
 describes both a physical location and an assignment of spectrum
 in the applicable frequency band. Each transponder on our
 satellites typically exploits one frequency channel. Through
 digital compression technology, we can currently transmit up to
 13 standard-definition digital video channels from each
 transponder. Several of our satellites also include spot-beam
 technology which enables us to provide services on a local or
 regional basis, but reduces the number of video channels that
 could otherwise be offered across the entire United States.

 We have U.S. DBS licenses for 30 frequencies at the 61.5
 degree orbital location, capable of providing service to the
 Eastern and Central United States. We are also currently
 operating on the two unassigned frequencies at the 61.5 orbital
 location under a conditional special temporary authorization. We
 recently sought renewal of that authority. The licensing of
 those two channels is under FCC review, and also subject to an
 FCC moratorium on new DBS applications. The FCC has previously
 found that existing DBS providers will not be

 82

 Table of Contents 

 eligible for the two unassigned channels at the 61.5 degree
 orbital location. EchoStar Satellite L.L.C. has a pending
 reconsideration petition of that decision.

 Following the spin-off, we will have the right to use 32
 frequencies at a Mexican DBS orbital slot at
 the 77 degree orbital location, but it is likely to be
 several years before a satellite is available to exploit all of
 that spectrum.

 We also hold licenses or have entered into agreements to lease
 capacity on satellites at the following fixed satellite services
 orbital locations including:

 &#149; 
 
 500 MHz of Ku spectrum divided into 32 frequencies at the
 121 degree orbital location, capable of providing service to
 CONUS, plus 500 MHz of Ka spectrum at the 121 degree
 orbital location capable of providing service into select spot
 beams;

 &#149; 
 
 500 MHz of Ku spectrum divided into 24 frequencies at the
 105 degree orbital location, currently capable of providing
 service to CONUS, Alaska and Hawaii, plus approximately
 720 MHz of Ka spectrum capable of providing service through
 spot beams to CONUS, Alaska and Hawaii; and

 &#149; 
 
 500 MHz of Ku spectrum divided into 24 frequencies at the
 85 degree orbital location, currently capable of providing
 service to CONUS, plus approximately 720 MHz of Ka spectrum
 capable of providing service through spot beams to CONUS.

 We also hold authorizations to construct additional satellites
 at other orbital locations. Specifically, we hold
 Ka-band 
 licenses at the 97 and 113 degree orbital locations. More
 recently, we were granted authority for a &#147;tweener&#148;
 DBS satellite at the 86.5 degree orbital location. That
 authorization will be conditioned on final FCC licensing and
 service rules in the &#147;tweener&#148; proceeding, in which
 the FCC is examining permitting satellites to operate from
 orbital locations 4.5 degrees (half of the usual 9 degrees) away
 from traditional DBS satellites. The FCC has also granted
 authorizations to Spectrum Five for a tweener satellite at the
 114.5 degree orbital location. EchoStar Satellite L.L.C.
 challenged the Spectrum Five authorization, and Telesat Canada,
 a Canadian satellite operator, has challenged our license.

 Use of these licenses and conditional authorizations is subject
 to certain technical and due diligence requirements, including
 the requirement to construct and launch satellites according to
 specific milestones and deadlines. There can be no assurance
 that we will develop acceptable plans to meet these deadlines,
 or that we will be able to utilize these orbital slots.

 Duration of our Satellite Licenses. Generally
 speaking, all of our satellite licenses are subject to
 expiration unless renewed by the FCC. The term of each of our
 DBS licenses is 10 years; fixed satellite services licenses
 generally are for 15 year terms. In addition, our special
 temporary authorizations are granted for periods of only
 180 days or less, subject again to possible renewal by the
 FCC.

 Opposition and other Risks to our
 Licenses. Several third parties have opposed, and
 we expect them to continue to oppose, some of our FCC satellite
 authorizations and pending requests to the FCC for extensions,
 modifications, waivers and approvals of our licenses. In
 addition, we may not have fully complied with all of the FCC
 reporting and filing requirements in connection with our
 satellite authorizations. Consequently, it is possible the FCC
 could revoke, terminate, condition or decline to extend or renew
 certain of our authorizations or licenses.

 FCC Rulemaking Affecting our Licenses and
 Applications. A number of our other applications
 have been denied or dismissed without prejudice by the FCC, or
 remain pending. We cannot be sure that the FCC will grant any of
 our satellite applications, or that the authorizations, if
 granted, will not be subject to onerous conditions. Moreover,
 the cost of building, launching and insuring a satellite can be
 as much as $300 million or more, and we cannot be sure that
 we will be able to construct and launch all of the satellites
 for which we have requested authorizations. The FCC has also
 imposed a $3.0 million bond requirement for our fixed
 satellite services satellite licenses, all or part of which
 would be forfeited by a licensee that does not meet its
 diligence milestones for a particular satellite.

 83

 Table of Contents 

 Reverse Band (17/24 GHz BSS)
 Spectrum. The FCC has recently announced
 licensing and service rules for the 17/24 GHz BSS or
 &#147;reverse band&#148; spectrum, which could create
 substantial additional capacity for satellite providers. It
 could also result in additional satellite competition from new
 entrants. Under FCC rules, we are eligible for up to 5 orbital
 locations. We cannot predict when, or whether, the FCC will
 grant our applications. Nor can we predict whether FCC action,
 or other applicants&#146; selected orbital locations, will limit
 the utility of this new spectrum for our operations.

 Interference from Other Services Sharing Satellite
 Spectrum. The FCC has adopted rules that allow
 non-geostationary orbit fixed satellite services to operate on a
 co-primary basis in the same frequency band as DBS and
 Ku-band-based fixed satellite services. The FCC has also
 authorized the use of terrestrial communication services (MVDDS)
 in the DBS band. MVDDS licenses were auctioned in 2004. Despite
 regulatory provisions to protect DBS operations from harmful
 interference, there can be no assurance that operations by other
 satellite or terrestrial communication services in the DBS band
 will not interfere with our DBS operations and adversely affect
 our business.

 International Satellite Competition and
 Interference. DIRECTV has obtained FCC authority
 to provide service to the United States from a Canadian DBS
 orbital slot. We have also received authority to do the same
 from a Mexican orbital slot at 77 degrees. The possibility that
 the FCC will allow service to the U.S. from additional
 foreign slots may permit additional competition against us from
 other satellite providers. It may also provide a means by which
 to increase our available satellite capacity in the United
 States. In addition, a number of administrations, such as Great
 Britain and the Netherlands, have requested to add orbital
 locations serving the U.S. close to our licensed slots.
 Such operations could cause harmful interference into our
 satellites and constrain our future operations at those slots if
 such &#147;tweener&#148; operations are approved by the FCC. The
 risk of harmful interference will depend upon the final rules
 adopted in the FCC&#146;s &#147;tweener&#148; proceeding.

 Emergency Alert System. The Emergency Alert
 System (&#147;EAS&#148;) requires participants to interrupt
 programming during nationally declared emergencies and to pass
 through emergency-related information. The FCC requires
 satellite carriers to participate in the &#147;national&#148;
 portion of EAS, and is considering whether to mandate that
 satellite carriers also interrupt programming for local
 emergencies and weather events. We cannot be sure that this
 requirement will not affect us adversely by requiring us to
 devote additional resources to complying with EAS requirements.

 The International Telecommunication Union. Our
 satellites also must conform to the International
 Telecommunication Union, or ITU, requirements and regulations.
 We have cooperated, and continue to cooperate, with the FCC in
 the preparation of ITU filings and responses. Requests for
 modification that have been filed by the United States
 government for our satellites are pending or in various stages
 of completion. We cannot predict if all the required requests
 will be made or when the ITU will act upon them.

 Regulations
 Applicable to Set-top box Operations 

 Plug and Play. Cable companies were required
 to separate the security functionality from their set-top boxes
 to increase competition and encourage the sale of set-top boxes
 in the retail market by July 1, 2007. Traditionally, cable
 service providers sold or leased set-top boxes with integrated
 security functionality to subscribers. DBS providers are not
 currently subject to the removable security requirements. The
 development of a retail market for cable set-top boxes could
 provide us with an opportunity to expand operations providing
 set-top box equipment to non-DBS households. The FCC has an open
 proceeding addressing the need to expand the scope of the cable
 &#147;plug and play&#148; rules, and the need for all-video
 provider set-top box solutions. If the FCC were to extend or
 expand its separate security rules to include DBS providers,
 sales of our set-top boxes to DBS providers may be negatively
 impacted. Specifically, if a retail DBS set-top box market
 develops capable of accepting the security modules, we risk
 reduced sales if competitors produce DBS set-top boxes.

 NTIA Digital Converter Box Program. The
 Commerce Department&#146;s National Telecommunications and
 Information Administration (NTIA) has established a coupon
 program allowing U.S. households to request up to two
 coupons, worth $40 each, to be used toward the purchase of up to
 two, digital-to-analog converter boxes as part of the February
 2009 digital television transition. This program is necessary to
 ensure that

 84

 Table of Contents 

 consumers with analog televisions will continue to be able to
 view over-the-air broadcast signals after the digital
 transition. To be eligible for the coupons, converter boxes must
 be approved by the NTIA, and we have submitted a converter box
 for NTIA approval. We cannot predict when, or if, our box will
 be approved for the coupon program.

 Export
 Control Regulation Applicable to Satellite and Set-top box
 Equipment 

 We are required to obtain import and export licenses from the
 United States government to receive and deliver components of
 direct-to-home satellite TV systems. In addition, the delivery
 of satellites and the supply of related ground control
 equipment, technical data, and satellite
 communication/control 
 services to destinations outside the United States is subject to
 strict export control and prior approval requirements from the
 United States government (including prohibitions on the sharing
 of certain satellite-related goods and services with China).

 Patents
 And Trademarks 

 Many entities, including some of our competitors, have or may in
 the future obtain patents and other intellectual property rights
 that cover or affect products or services related to those that
 EHC will offer. In general, if a court determines that one or
 more of our products infringes on intellectual property held by
 others, we may be required to cease developing or marketing
 those products, to obtain licenses from the holders of the
 intellectual property at a material cost, or to redesign those
 products in such a way as to avoid infringing the patent claims.
 If those intellectual property rights are held by a competitor,
 we may be unable to obtain the intellectual property at any
 price, which could adversely affect our competitive position.

 We may not be aware of all intellectual property rights that our
 products may potentially infringe. In addition, patent
 applications in the United States are confidential until the
 Patent and Trademark Office issues a patent and, accordingly,
 our products may infringe claims contained in pending patent
 applications of which we are not aware. Further, the process of
 determining definitively whether a claim of infringement is
 valid often involves expensive and protracted litigation, even
 if we are ultimately successful on the merits.

 We cannot estimate the extent to which we may be required in the
 future to obtain intellectual property licenses or the
 availability and cost of any such licenses. Those costs, and
 their impact on our results of operations, could be material.
 Damages in patent infringement cases may also include treble
 damages in certain circumstances. To the extent that we are
 required to pay unanticipated royalties to third parties, these
 increased costs of doing business could negatively affect our
 liquidity and operating results. EHC is currently defending
 multiple patent infringement actions. We cannot be certain the
 courts will conclude these companies do not own the rights they
 claim, that our products do not infringe on these rights, that
 we would be able to obtain licenses from these persons on
 commercially reasonable terms or, if we were unable to obtain
 such licenses, that we would be able to redesign our products to
 avoid infringement. See &#147;Legal Proceedings.&#148;

 Environmental
 Regulations 

 We are subject to the requirements of federal, state, local and
 foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws
 and regulations. These include laws regulating air emissions,
 water discharge and waste management. We attempt to maintain
 compliance with all such requirements. We do not expect capital
 or other expenditures for environmental compliance to be
 material in 2007 or 2008. Environmental requirements are
 complex, change frequently and have become more stringent over
 time. Accordingly, we cannot provide assurance that these
 requirements will not change or become more stringent in the
 future in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on
 our business.

 Geographic
 Area Data and Transactions with Major Customers 

 For principal geographic area data and transactions with major
 customers for 2006, 2005 and 2004, see Note 8 in the Notes
 to the Combined Financial Statements of EchoStar Holding
 Corporation.

 85

 Table of Contents 

 Employees 

 Upon completion of the spin-off, we will have approximately
 1,500 employees. We anticipate that subsequent to the
 spin-off, ECC will provide us with certain management and
 administrative services, which will include the services of
 certain executive officers of ECC. See &#147;Certain
 Intercompany Agreements &#151; Management Services
 Agreement.&#148;

 Legal
 Proceedings 

 Separation
 Agreement 

 In connection with the spin-off, we have entered into a
 separation agreement with ECC, which provides for, among other
 things, the division of liability resulting from litigation.
 Under the terms of the separation agreement, we have assumed
 liability for any acts or omissions that relate to our business
 whether such acts or omissions occurred before or after the
 spin-off. Certain exceptions are provided, including for
 intellectual property related claims generally, whereby we will
 only be liable for our acts or omissions that occurred following
 the spin-off. In accordance with these terms of the separation
 agreement, we may be partially or completely responsible for any
 liability resulting from the legal proceedings described below.

 Acacia 

 During 2004, Acacia Media Technologies, which we refer to as
 Acacia filed a lawsuit against us and ECC in the United States
 District Court for the Northern District of California. The suit
 also named DirecTV, Comcast, Charter, Cox and a number of
 smaller cable companies as defendants. Acacia is an intellectual
 property holding company which seeks to license the patent
 portfolio that it has acquired. The suit alleges infringement of
 United States Patent Nos. 5,132,992 (the &#145;992 patent),
 5,253,275 (the &#145;275 patent), 5,550,863 (the &#145;863
 patent), 6,002,720 (the &#145;720 patent) and 6,144,702 (the
 &#145;702 patent). The &#145;992, &#145;863, &#145;720 and
 &#145;702 patents have been asserted against us.

 The patents relate to various systems and methods related to the
 transmission of digital data. The &#145;992 and &#145;702
 patents have also been asserted against several Internet content
 providers in the United States District Court for the Central
 District of California. During 2004 and 2005, the Court issued
 Markman rulings which found that the &#145;992 and &#145;702
 patents were not as broad as Acacia had contended, and that
 certain terms in the &#145;702 patent were indefinite. In April
 2006, ECC and other defendants asked the Court to rule that the
 claims of the &#145;702 patent are invalid and not infringed.
 That motion is pending. In June and September 2006, the Court
 held Markman hearings on the &#145;992, &#145;863, &#145;720 and
 &#145;275 patents, and issued a ruling during December 2006.
 Acacia&#146;s various patent infringement cases have been
 consolidated for pre-trial purposes in the United States
 District Court for the Northern District of California.

 We and ECC intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event
 that a Court ultimately determines that we and ECC infringe any
 of the patents, we may be subject to an injunction that could
 require us to materially modify certain user-friendly features
 that we currently offer to consumers. We are being indemnified
 by ECC for any potential liability or damages resulting from
 this suit relating to the period prior to the effective date of
 the spin-off.

 Broadcast
 Innovation, L.L.C. 

 In 2001, Broadcast Innovation, L.L.C., which we refer to as
 Broadcast Innovation, filed a lawsuit against ECC, DirecTV,
 Thomson Consumer Electronics and others in Federal District
 Court in Denver, Colorado. The suit alleges infringement of
 United States Patent Nos. 6,076,094 (which we refer to as the
 &#145;094 patent) and 4,992,066 (which we refer to as the
 &#145;066 patent). The &#145;094 patent relates to certain
 methods and devices for transmitting and receiving data along
 with specific formatting information for the data. The &#146;066
 patent relates to certain methods and devices for providing the
 scrambling circuitry for a pay television system on removable
 cards. We examined these patents and believe that they are not
 infringed by any of our products or services. Subsequently,
 DirecTV and Thomson settled with Broadcast Innovation leaving us
 as the only defendant.

 86

 Table of Contents 

 During 2004, the judge issued an order finding the &#145;066
 patent invalid. Also in 2004, the Court ruled the &#145;094
 patent invalid in a parallel case filed by Broadcast Innovation
 against Charter and Comcast. In 2005, the United States
 Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit overturned the
 &#145;094 patent finding of invalidity and remanded the case
 back to the District Court. During June 2006, Charter filed a
 reexamination request with the United States Patent and
 Trademark Office. The Court has stayed the case pending
 reexamination. Our case remains stayed pending resolution of the
 Charter case.

 We and ECC intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event
 that a Court ultimately determines that we and ECC infringe any
 of the patents, we may be subject to an injunction that could
 require us to materially modify certain user-friendly features
 that we currently offer to consumers. We are being indemnified
 by ECC for any potential liability or damages resulting from
 this suit relating to the period prior to the effective date of
 the spin-off.

 Finisar
 Corporation 

 Finisar Corporation, which we refer to as Finisar, obtained a
 $100 million verdict in the United States District Court
 for the Eastern District of Texas against DirecTV for patent
 infringement. Finisar alleged that DirecTV&#146;s electronic
 program guide and other elements of its system infringe United
 States Patent No. 5,404,505 (the &#145;505 patent).

 In July 2006, ECC, together with NagraStar LLC, filed a
 Complaint for Declaratory Judgment in the United States District
 Court for the District of Delaware against Finisar that asks the
 Court to declare that they and we do not infringe, and have not
 infringed, any valid claim of the &#145;505 patent. Trial is not
 currently scheduled. The District Court has stayed our action
 until the Federal Circuit has resolved DirecTV&#146;s appeal.

 We and ECC intend to vigorously prosecute this case. In the
 event that a Court ultimately determines that we and ECC
 infringe any of the patents, we may be subject to an injunction
 that could require us to materially modify certain user-friendly
 features that we currently offer to consumers. We are being
 indemnified by ECC for any potential liability or damages
 resulting from this suit relating to the period prior to the
 effective date of the spin-off.

 Global
 Communications 

 On April 19, 2007, Global Communications, Inc., which we
 refer to as Global, filed a patent infringement action against
 ECC in the United States District Court for the Eastern District
 of Texas. The suit alleges infringement of United States Patent
 No. 6,947,702 (which we refer to as the &#146;702 patent).
 This patent, which involves satellite reception, was issued in
 September 2005. On October 24, 2007, the United States
 Patent and Trademark Office granted ECC&#146;s request for
 re-examination of the &#145;702 patent and issued an Office
 Action finding that all of the claims of the &#145;702 patent
 were invalid. Based on the PTO&#146;s decision, ECC has asked
 the District Court to stay the litigation until the
 re-examination proceeding is concluded.

 We and ECC intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event
 that a Court ultimately determines that we and ECC infringe any
 of the patents, we may be subject to an injunction that could
 require us to materially modify certain user-friendly features
 that we currently offer to consumers. We are being indemnified
 by ECC for any potential liability or damages resulting from
 this suit relating to the period prior to the effective date of
 the spin-off.

 Superguide 

 During 2000, Superguide Corp., which we refer to as Superguide,
 filed suit against ECC, DirecTV, Thomson and others in the
 United States District Court for the Western District of North
 Carolina, Asheville Division, alleging infringement of United
 States Patent Nos. 5,038,211 (which we refer to as the &#145;211
 patent), 5,293,357 (which we refer to as the &#145;357 patent)
 and 4,751,578 (which we refer to as the &#145;578 patent) which
 relate to certain electronic program guide functions, including
 the use of electronic program guides to control VCRs. Superguide
 sought injunctive and declaratory relief and damages in an
 unspecified amount.

 On summary judgment, the District Court ruled that none of the
 asserted patents were infringed by us. These rulings were
 appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal
 Circuit. During 2004, the Federal

 87

 Table of Contents 

 Circuit affirmed in part and reversed in part the District
 Court&#146;s findings and remanded the case back to the District
 Court for further proceedings. In 2005, Superguide indicated
 that it would no longer pursue infringement allegations with
 respect to the &#145;211 and &#145;357 patents and those patents
 have now been dismissed from the suit. The District Court
 subsequently entered judgment of non-infringement in favor of
 all defendants as to the &#145;211 and &#145;357 patents and
 ordered briefing on Thomson&#146;s license defense as to the
 &#145;578 patent. During December 2006, the District Court found
 that there were disputed issues of fact regarding Thomson&#146;s
 license defense, and ordered a trial solely addressed to that
 issue. That trial took place in March 2007. In July 2007, the
 District Court ruled in favor of Superguide. As a result,
 Superguide will be able to proceed with their infringement
 action against us, DirecTV and Thomson.

 We and ECC intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event
 that a Court ultimately determines that we infringe the
 &#145;578 patent, we may be subject to a portion of the final
 damages, which may include treble damages
 and/or an
 injunction that could require us to materially modify certain
 user-friendly electronic programming guide and related features
 that we currently offer to consumers. We are being indemnified
 by ECC for any potential liability or damages resulting from
 this suit relating to the period prior to the effective date of
 the spin-off. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty the
 outcome of the suit.

 Tivo
 Inc. 

 During April 2006, a Texas jury concluded that certain of our
 digital video recorders, or DVRs, infringed a patent held by
 Tivo. The Texas court subsequently issued an injunction
 prohibiting us from offering DVR functionality. A Court of
 Appeals has stayed that injunction during the pendency of our
 appeal.

 We and ECC intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event
 that a Court ultimately determines that we and ECC infringe any
 of the patents, we may be subject to an injunction that could
 require us to materially modify certain user-friendly features
 that we currently offer to consumers. We are being indemnified
 by ECC for any potential liability or damages resulting from
 this suit relating to the period prior to the effective date of
 the spin-off. We and ECC believe that we do not infringe any of
 the claims asserted against us and ECC.

 Trans
 Video 

 In August 2006, Trans Video Electronic, Ltd., which we refer to
 as Trans Video, filed a patent infringement action against ECC
 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of
 California. The suit alleges infringement of United States
 Patent Nos. 5,903,621 (which we refer to as the &#145;621
 patent) and 5,991,801 (which we refer to as the &#145;801
 patent). The patents relate to various methods related to the
 transmission of digital data by satellite. On May 14, 2007,
 we and ECC reached a settlement which did not have a material
 impact on our results of operations.

 Other 

 In addition to the above actions, we are subject to various
 other legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary
 course of business. In our opinion, the amount of ultimate
 liability with respect to any of these actions is unlikely to
 materially affect our financial position, results of operations
 or liquidity.

 88

 Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT 

 Directors
 and Executive Officers 

 The following table sets forth certain information as of
 December 12, 2007, concerning our directors and executive
 officers, including a five-year employment history and any
 directorships held in public companies:

 Name 

 Age 

 Position With the Company 

 Charles W. Ergen

 54

 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

 R. Stanton Dodge

 39

 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

 Michael T. Dugan

 58

 Director

 Steven R. Goodbarn

 50

 Director

 Bernard L. Han

 43

 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

 Mark W. Jackson

 46

 President

 David K. Moskowitz

 49

 Director

 Tom A. Ortolf

 57

 Director

 Steven B. Schaver

 53

 President -- EchoStar International Corporation

 C. Michael Schroeder

 59

 Director

 Carl E. Vogel

 50

 Director, Vice Chairman of the Board and Advisor

 ECC elected our directors and appointed our executive officers
 in October 2007. Each director was elected for a term expiring
 at our annual meeting of shareholders to be held in 2008 or
 until such director&#146;s successor is duly elected and
 qualified. At the 2008 annual meeting of shareholders and
 thereafter, each director will be elected to a one-year term to
 expire at the annual meeting of shareholders for the following
 year or until such director&#146;s successor is duly elected and
 qualified. Seven of our directors, Charles W. Ergen, Michael T.
 Dugan, Stephen R. Goodbarn, David K. Moskowitz, Tom A. Ortolf,
 C. Michael Schroeder and Carl E. Vogel, currently
 serve on ECC&#146;s board of directors. Mr. Dugan and
 Mr. Schroeder intend to resign from the board of directors
 of ECC on the distribution date. In addition, Mr. Ergen and
 Mr. Vogel currently serve as the Chairman and Chief
 Executive Officer and Vice-Chairman and President of ECC,
 respectively. We also expect to share three non-business
 executives with ECC: Bernard L. Han, R. Stanton Dodge and Paul
 W. Orban, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
 Officer, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
 and Senior Vice President and Controller, respectively.

 The following sets forth the business experience of each of our
 directors and executive officers over the last five years:

 Charles W. Ergen. Mr. Ergen is our
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer.
 Mr. Ergen is also the Chairman of the Board and Chief
 Executive Officer of ECC, positions he has held since its
 formation. During the past five years he has also held various
 executive officer and director positions with ECC&#146;s
 subsidiaries.

 R. Stanton Dodge. Mr. Dodge serves
 as our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary.
 Mr. Dodge also serves in the same capacity for ECC.
 Mr. Dodge is responsible for all legal and regulatory
 affairs of EHC and ECC. Since joining ECC in November 1996, he
 has held various positions in ECC&#146;s legal department. Prior
 to joining ECC, Mr. Dodge was a law clerk to the Hon. Jose
 D.L. Marquez of the Colorado Court of Appeals. He received his
 J.D., magna cum laude, from Suffolk University Law School in
 1995 and his B.S. in accounting from the University of Vermont
 in 1991.

 Michael T. Dugan. Mr. Dugan serves as a
 member of our board of directors. He is currently a senior
 advisor to ECC and serves as a member of ECC&#146;s board of
 directors. Until October 2006, Mr. Dugan was ECC&#146;s
 Chief Technology Officer, and prior to 2004 was its President
 and Chief Operating Officer. In that capacity, Mr. Dugan
 had been responsible for, among other things, all operations
 except legal, finance and accounting at ECC. Until April 2000,
 Mr. Dugan had been President of EchoStar

 89

 Table of Contents 

 Technologies Corporation. Previously, he was the Senior Vice
 President of the Consumer Products Division of ECC.
 Mr. Dugan has been employed with ECC since 1990.
 Mr. Dugan has served as a director of Citizens
 Communications Company since October 2006.

 Steven R. Goodbarn. Mr. Goodbarn serves
 as a member of our board of directors and is a member of our
 Executive Compensation Committee, Nominating Committee, and
 Audit Committee, where he serves as our &#147;audit committee
 financial expert.&#148; Mr. Goodbarn has also served as a
 member of ECC&#146;s board of directors since December 2002, and
 is a member of its Executive Compensation Committee, Nominating
 Committee, and Audit Committee. Since July 2002,
 Mr. Goodbarn has served as director and president of
 Secure64 Software Corporation, a company he co-founded.
 Mr. Goodbarn was chief financial officer of Janus Capital
 Corporation from 1992 until late 2000. During that time, he was
 a member of the executive committee and served on the board of
 directors of many Janus corporate and investment entities. Until
 September 2003, Mr. Goodbarn also served as a director of
 Nighthawk Systems. Mr. Goodbarn is a CPA and spent
 12 years at Price Waterhouse prior to joining Janus.

 Bernard L. Han. Mr. Han serves as our
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and is
 responsible for all accounting, finance and information
 technology functions of the Company. Mr. Han also serves in
 the same capacity for ECC, where he was named Executive Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer of ECC in September 2006.
 From October 2002 to May 2005, Mr. Han served as Executive
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Northwest
 Airlines, Inc. Prior to October 2002, he held positions as
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Senior
 Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer at America West
 Airlines, Inc.

 Mark W. Jackson. Mr. Jackson serves as
 our President. Until completion of the spin-off,
 Mr. Jackson will also continue to serve as President of
 EchoStar Technologies Corporation, a position he has held since
 2004. Mr. Jackson served as Senior Vice President of ETC
 from April 2000 until June 2004 and as Senior Vice President of
 Satellite Services from December 1997 until April 2000.

 David K. Moskowitz. Mr. Moskowitz serves
 as a member of our board of directors. From March 1990 until
 July 1, 2007, Mr. Moskowitz was an Executive Vice
 President and the Secretary and General Counsel of ECC, where he
 is currently a senior advisor and serves as a member of its
 board of directors.

 Tom A. Ortolf. Mr. Ortolf serves as a
 member of the board of directors, and is a member of our
 Executive Compensation Committee, Nominating Committee, and
 Audit Committee. Mr. Ortolf also serves as a member of the
 board of directors of ECC, and is a member of its Executive
 Compensation Committee, Nominating Committee, and Audit
 Committee. Mr. Ortolf has been the President of Colorado
 Meadowlark Corp., a privately held investment management firm,
 for more then ten years. From 1988 until 1991, Mr. Ortolf
 served as ECC&#146;s President and Chief Operating Officer.

 Steven B. Schaver. Mr. Schaver is
 currently President of EchoStar International Corporation, which
 is one of our subsidiaries. He has served in this role for ECC
 since April 2000. Mr. Schaver served as ECC&#146;s Chief
 Financial Officer from February 1996 through August 2000 and
 served as ECC&#146;s Chief Operating Officer from November 1996
 until April 2000.

 C. Michael Schroeder. Mr. Schroeder
 serves as a member of our board of directors, and serves on our
 Executive Compensation Committee, Nominating Committee, and
 Audit Committee. Mr. Schroeder has served on the board of
 directors of ECC since November 2003 and is a member of its
 Executive Compensation Committee, Nominating Committee, and
 Audit Committee. In 1981, Mr. Schroeder founded Consumer
 Satellite Systems, Inc. (CSS), which he grew to encompass a
 10 state distribution system operating in a region ranging
 from Wisconsin to Florida. CSS served retailers selling
 satellite systems, televisions and a range of consumer
 electronics products. Mr. Schroeder also founded a
 programming division of CSS that grew to serve over 400,000
 subscribers.

 Carl E. Vogel. Mr. Vogel is currently
 Vice-Chairman of our board of directors and is an advisor to us.
 Mr. Vogel also serves as Vice-Chairman of ECC&#146;s board
 of directors and President of ECC. From 2001 until 2005,
 Mr. Vogel served as the President and CEO of Charter
 Communications Inc., a publicly-traded company providing cable
 television and broadband services to approximately six million

 90

 Table of Contents 

 customers. Prior to joining Charter, Mr. Vogel worked as an
 executive officer in various capacities for the companies
 affiliated with Liberty Media Corporation. Mr. Vogel was
 one of ECC&#146;s executive officers from 1994 until 1997,
 including serving as ECC&#146;s President from 1995 until 1997.
 Mr. Vogel has served as a director of Shaw Communications,
 Inc. since June 2006.

 During the past five years, none of the above persons has had
 any involvement in legal proceedings that would be material to
 an evaluation of his or her ability or integrity.

 Board
 Composition 

 Immediately after the spin-off, Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer, will beneficially own approximately
 50.0% of our total equity securities and possess approximately
 80.0% of the total voting power. Please see &#147;Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management&#148;
 below. Thus, Mr. Ergen will have the ability to elect a
 majority of our directors and to control all other matters
 requiring the approval of our stockholders. As a result of
 Mr. Ergen&#146;s voting power, we will be a
 &#147;controlled company&#148; as defined in the Nasdaq listing
 rules. Therefore, we will not subject to the Nasdaq listing
 requirements that would otherwise require us to have:

 &#149; 
 
 a board of directors comprised of a majority of independent
 directors;

 &#149; 
 
 compensation of our executive officers determined by a majority
 of the independent directors or a compensation committee
 composed solely of independent directors; and

 &#149; 
 
 director nominees selected, or recommended for the Board&#146;s
 selection, either by a majority of the independent directors or
 a nominating committee composed solely of independent directors.

 Nevertheless, we have created an Executive Compensation
 Committee, which we refer to as the &#147;Compensation
 Committee,&#148; and a Nominating Committee, in addition to an
 Audit Committee, all of which are composed entirely of
 independent directors.

 Committees
 of the Board 

 Our board of directors has established a Compensation Committee,
 an Audit Committee and a Nominating Committee. The membership
 and function of each committee is described below.

 Compensation Committee. The Compensation
 Committee operates under a Compensation Committee Charter
 adopted by the board. The principal functions of the
 Compensation Committee are, to the extent the board deems
 necessary or appropriate, to:

 &#149; 
 
 make and approve all option grants and other issuances of
 EHC&#146;s equity securities to EHC&#146;s executive officers
 and board members other than nonemployee directors;

 &#149; 
 
 approve all other option grants and issuances of EHC&#146;s
 equity securities, and recommend that the full board make and
 approve such grants and issuances;

 &#149; 
 
 establish in writing all performance goals for performance-based
 compensation that together with other compensation to senior
 executive officers could exceed $1 million annually, other
 than standard stock incentive plan options that may be paid to
 EHC&#146;s executive officers, and certify achievement of such
 goals prior to payment; and

 &#149; 
 
 set the compensation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.

 The current members of the Compensation Committee are
 Mr. Goodbarn, Mr. Ortolf and Mr. Schroeder. The
 board of directors has determined that each of these individuals
 meets the independence requirements of Nasdaq and applicable SEC
 rules and regulations.

 Audit Committee. Our board of directors has
 established a standing Audit Committee in accordance with Nasdaq
 rules and Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934. The Audit Committee operates

 91

 Table of Contents 

 under an Audit Committee Charter adopted by the board. The
 principal functions of the Audit Committee are to:

 &#149; 
 
 select the independent registered public accounting firm and set
 its compensation;

 &#149; 
 
 select the internal auditor;

 &#149; 
 
 review and approve management&#146;s plan for engaging our
 independent registered public accounting firm during the year to
 perform non-audit services and consider what effect these
 services will have on the independence of our independent
 registered public accounting firm;

 &#149; 
 
 review our annual financial statements and other financial
 reports that require approval by our board of directors;

 &#149; 
 
 oversee the integrity of our financial statements, our systems
 of disclosure and internal controls, and our compliance with
 legal and regulatory requirements;

 &#149; 
 
 review the scope of our independent registered public accounting
 firm&#146;s audit plans and the results of their audits; and

 &#149; 
 
 evaluate the performance of our internal audit function and
 independent registered public accounting firm.

 The current members of the Audit Committee are
 Mr. Goodbarn, Mr. Ortolf and Mr. Schroeder, with
 Mr. Goodbarn serving as Chairman of the Committee. Each of
 these individuals meets the independence requirements of Nasdaq
 and applicable SEC rules and regulations. The board of directors
 has determined that each member of our Audit Committee is
 financially literate and that Mr. Goodbarn qualifies as an
 &#147;audit committee financial expert&#148; as defined by
 applicable SEC rules and regulations.

 Nominating Committee. The Nominating Committee
 operates under a Nominating Committee Charter adopted by the
 Board. The principal function of the Nominating Committee is to
 recommend independent director nominees for selection by the
 board of directors. The current members of the Nominating
 Committee are Mr. Goodbarn, Mr. Ortolf and
 Mr. Schroeder. The board of directors has determined that
 each of these individuals meets the independence requirements of
 Nasdaq and applicable SEC rules and regulations.

 The Nominating Committee will consider candidates suggested by
 its members, other directors, senior management and shareholders
 as appropriate. No search firms or other advisors were retained
 to identify nominees during the past fiscal year. The Nominating
 Committee has not adopted a written policy with respect to the
 consideration of candidates proposed by security holders or with
 respect to nominating anyone to our board of directors other
 than nonemployee directors. Director candidates, whether
 recommended by the Nominating Committee, other directors, senior
 management or shareholders are currently considered by the
 Nominating Committee and the board of directors, as applicable,
 in light of the entirety of their credentials, including but not
 limited to the following factors: (i) their reputation and
 character; (ii) their ability and willingness to devote
 sufficient time to board duties; (iii) their educational
 background; (iv) their business and professional
 achievements, experience and industry background; (v) their
 independence from management under listing standards and
 EHC&#146;s governance guidelines; and (vi) the needs of our
 board of directors and EHC.

 Compensation
 Discussion and Analysis 

 This Compensation Discussion and Analysis
 (&#147;CD&#038;A&#148;) describes the compensation policy
 applied by our parent company, ECC, to our named executive
 officers (the &#147;NEOs&#148;) with respect to fiscal 2006,
 which is substantially the same as the compensation policy we
 will implement after we become an independent public company.
 Our NEOs include Messrs. Charles W. Ergen, Bernard L. Han,
 Mark W. Jackson, Steven B. Schaver and R. Stanton Dodge. Of
 these NEOs, Mr. Ergen and Mr. Han were NEOs of ECC in
 2006. Messrs. Jackson and Schaver will be employed by and will
 be solely compensated by EHC. Mr. Ergen will be employed and
 compensated by both EHC and ECC and each company expects to
 follow the compensation policies described below with respect to
 Mr. Ergen&#146;s compensation. In addition, as two separately
 traded-public companies, the compensation paid by one company
 has no impact on the compensation decisions of the other
 company. In

 92

 Table of Contents 

 respect of EHC&#146;s remaining two NEOs, pursuant to the
 Management Services Agreement, Mr. Han and Mr. Dodge,
 will be employed by, and receive compensation from, ECC, and
 will not be directly compensated by us. Under the Management
 Services Agreement, we will make payments to ECC based upon a
 portion of ECC&#146;s personnel costs for these two NEOs (taking
 into account salary and fringe benefits) based upon the
 anticipated percentages of time to be spent by these NEOs
 performing services for us. Incentive compensation for
 Messrs. Han and Dodge will be solely the responsibility of
 ECC. See &#147;Certain Intercompany Agreements &#151;
 Management Services Agreement.&#148; Other than as described
 above with respect to Mr. Ergen and in relation to the payments
 to be made by EHC to ECC in respect of Messrs. Han and Dodge
 pursuant to the Management Services Agreement, there are no NEOs
 of EHC who will receive direct compensation from both EHC and
 ECC.

 Compensation
 Philosophy 

 Historically, ECC&#146;s executive compensation program was, and
 following the spin-off our executive compensation program will
 continue to be, guided by the following principles:

 &#149; 
 
 Attraction, retention and motivation of executive officers over
 the long-term; and

 &#149; 
 
 Creation of shareholder value by aligning the interest of
 management with that of the shareholders through equity
 incentives.

 Compensation
 Oversights 

 Our Compensation Committee will be composed entirely of
 independent, outside directors and will operate under a
 Compensation Committee Charter adopted by our board of
 directors. See &#147;&#151; Committees of the Board &#151;
 Compensation Committee&#148; above for a more detailed
 description of the duties of the Compensation Committee.

 General
 Compensation Levels 

 Historically. The total direct compensation
 opportunities, both base salaries and long-term incentives,
 offered to ECC&#146;s NEOs have been designed to ensure that
 they are competitive with market practice, support ECC&#146;s
 executive recruitment and retention objectives and will
 contribute to its long-term success by aligning the interest of
 its executive officers and shareholders.

 Mr. Ergen recommends to the board of directors, but
 ECC&#146;s board of directors ultimately approves, the base
 compensation of ECC&#146;s other NEOs. ECC&#146;s compensation
 committee has made and approved grants of options and other
 equity-based compensation to ECC&#146;s NEOs, and established in
 writing performance goals for any performance-based compensation
 that together with other compensation to any NEO could exceed
 $1 million annually. ECC&#146;s compensation committee has
 also certified achievement of those performance goals prior to
 payment of performance-based compensation. In addition to peer
 group analysis, as described below, factors considered by
 ECC&#146;s compensation committee and board of directors have
 included their perception of the individual&#146;s performance,
 the individual&#146;s success in achieving ECC&#146;s and
 individual goals, equity awards previously granted to the
 individual and planned changes in responsibilities. ECC&#146;s
 compensation committee and board of directors have also
 considered each of ECC&#146;s NEO&#146;s individual
 extraordinary efforts resulting in tangible increases in
 corporate, division or department success when setting base cash
 salaries and annual bonuses.

 Going Forward. Following the spin-off, it is
 expected that our Compensation Committee and board of directors
 will continue to take a similar approach in establishing
 compensation levels.

 Peer
 Group Analysis 

 Historically. In connection with making
 recommendations for ECC&#146;s executive officer compensation,
 ECC&#146;s board of directors and compensation committee
 considered an internally-prepared, informal benchmarking survey
 of the compensation components for the NEOs of companies
 selected by the compensation committee, as disclosed in their
 respective publicly-filed proxy statements. These surveyed
 companies included: The

 93

 Table of Contents 

 DirecTV Group, Inc., Comcast Corporation, Cablevision Systems
 Corporation, Cox Communications, Inc., Charter Communications,
 Inc., Adelphia Communications Corporation, Liberty Media
 Corporation, UnitedGlobalCom, Inc., CenturyTel, Inc., and
 Level 3 Communications, Inc. However, the survey was used
 merely as an informal and subjective frame of reference for
 comparisons to base cash salaries paid to similarly situated
 executives. Moreover, the survey was not a conventional
 &#147;benchmarking survey&#148; but rather a table that listed
 the compensation components for the named executive officers of
 the selected companies, as disclosed in their respective
 publicly-filed proxy statements. Neither ECC&#146;s compensation
 committee nor its board of directors used the survey to
 &#147;benchmark&#148; in the traditional sense, as ECC&#146;s
 compensation committee and board of directors do not utilize any
 kind of formulaic or standard, formalized benchmarking level or
 element in tying or otherwise setting ECC&#146;s executive
 compensation to that of other companies.

 Going Forward. Following the spin-off, it is
 expected that our Compensation Committee and board of directors
 will take a similar approach to comparing our executive
 compensation program against those of other companies comparable
 to EHC.

 Weighting
 and Selection of Elements of Compensation 

 Historically. Neither ECC&#146;s board of
 directors nor its compensation committee has in the past
 assigned specific weights to any factors considered by the
 ECC&#146;s board of directors and its compensation committee in
 determining compensation, and none of the factors are more
 dispositive than others.

 Going Forward. Following the spin-off, our
 board of directors and Compensation Committee anticipate taking
 a similar approach to weighting and selection of elements of
 compensation.

 Elements
 of Executive Compensation 

 Historically. The primary components of
 ECC&#146;s executive compensation program have included:

 &#149; 
 
 base cash salary;

 &#149; 
 
 incentive compensation, including conditional
 and/or 
 performance-based cash incentive compensation and long-term
 equity incentive compensation in the form of stock options and
 restricted stock units offered under ECC&#146;s stock incentive
 plans;

 &#149; 
 
 401(k) plan; and

 &#149; 
 
 other compensation, including perquisites and personal benefits
 and post-termination compensation.

 ECC has not required that a certain percentage of an executive
 salary be provided in one form versus another. Each element of
 ECC&#146;s historical executive compensation and the rationale
 for each element is described below.

 Going Forward. Following the spin-off, we
 expect to use a similar mix of base cash salary, conditional
 and/or 
 performance based cash bonuses and long-term equity incentives
 in our compensation program, as described below.

 Base
 Cash Salary 

 Historically. ECC has traditionally included
 salary in its executive compensation package under the belief
 that it is appropriate that some portion of the compensation
 paid to its executives be provided in a form that is fixed and
 liquid occurring over regular intervals. Generally, for the
 reasons discussed in &#147;Incentive Compensation&#148;, ECC has
 weighted overall compensation towards equity components as
 opposed to base salaries. ECC&#146;s compensation committee and
 board of directors have traditionally been free to set salary at
 any level deemed appropriate and any increases or decreases in
 base salary on a year-over-year basis have been dependent on
 either the compensation committee&#146;s or board of
 directors&#146; respective assessment of ECC, the applicable
 business unit and individual performance.

 Annual base salaries paid to ECC&#146;s executive officers have
 historically been at levels below those generally paid to
 executive officers with comparable experience and
 responsibilities in the telecommunications industry

 94

 Table of Contents 

 or other similarly-sized companies. In addition, ECC has stated
 that it believes the compensation paid to Mr. Ergen has
 generally been at a level that is below amounts paid to chief
 executive officers at other companies of similar size in
 comparable industries. Since 1996, changes in
 Mr. Ergen&#146;s base salary have been set by ECC&#146;s
 compensation committee.

 Going Forward. Following the spin-off, it is
 expected that our Compensation Committee and board of directors
 will determine the base salaries of our executive officers in
 the same manner and in accordance the same policies and
 principles as described above.

 Incentive
 Compensation 

 Historically. ECC has traditionally operated
 under the belief that executive officers will be better able to
 contribute to its long-term success and help build incremental
 shareholder value if they have a stake in that future success
 and value. ECC has stated it believes this stake focuses the
 executive officers&#146; attention on managing ECC as owners
 with equity positions in ECC and has aligned their interests
 with the long-term interests of ECC&#146;s shareholders. Equity
 awards therefore have represented an important and significant
 component of ECC&#146;s compensation program for executive
 officers. ECC has attempted to create general incentives with
 its standard stock option grants and conditional incentives
 through special performance-based conditional awards that may
 include payouts in cash or equity.

 General
 Equity Incentives 

 Standard awards under ECC&#146;s stock incentive plans have
 generally included stock options and have been based on a review
 of the individual employee&#146;s performance, years of service,
 position and level of responsibility with ECC, long-term
 potential contribution to ECC and the number of options and
 terms of any other awards previously granted to the employee.
 However, the number of options to be granted at any one time has
 not been based on any objective criteria. ECC has not assigned
 specific weights to these factors, although such employee&#146;s
 position and a subjective evaluation of his or her performance
 have been considered most important. To encourage executive
 officers to remain in ECC&#146;s employ, options granted under
 ECC&#146;s stock incentive plans generally vest at the rate of
 20% per year and have exercise prices not less than the fair
 market value of ECC&#146;s Class A common stock on the date
 of grant. ECC&#146;s standard form of option agreement given to
 executive officers has included acceleration of vesting upon a
 change in control of ECC for those executive officers that do
 not continue with ECC or the surviving entity, as applicable.

 Practices
 Regarding Grant of Equity Incentives 

 ECC has generally awarded stock options and restricted stock as
 of the last day of each calendar quarter and has set exercise
 prices, as applicable, of not less than the fair market value of
 ECC&#146;s Class A common stock on the date of grant.

 Stock
 Incentive Plan 

 We have adopted an employee stock incentive plan, which we refer
 to as the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan, that will be similar to
 ECC&#146;s 1999 Stock Incentive Plan. The purpose of the 2008
 Stock Incentive Plan will be to provide incentives to attract
 and retain executive officers and other key employees. Awards
 available to be granted under the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan will
 include: (i) stock options; (ii) stock appreciation
 rights; (iii) restricted stock and restricted stock units;
 (iv) performance awards; (v) dividend equivalents; and
 (vi) other stock-based awards. Up to
 16 million shares of our Class A common stock
 will be available for awards under the 2008 Stock Incentive
 Plan. No awards will be granted under the 2008 Stock Incentive
 Plan prior to the spin-off.

 Class B
 CEO Stock Option Plan 

 We have adopted a Class B CEO stock option plan, which we
 refer to as the 2008 Class B CEO Stock Option Plan, that is
 similar to ECC&#146;s 2002 Class B CEO Stock Option Plan.
 The purpose of the 2008 Class B CEO Stock Option Plan is to
 promote the interests of EHC and its subsidiaries by aiding in
 retaining and

 95

 Table of Contents 

 incentivizing Charles W. Ergen, the Chairman and Chief
 Executive Officer of EHC, whom our board of directors believes
 is crucial to assuring our future success, to offer
 Mr. Ergen incentives to put forth maximum efforts for our
 future success and to afford Mr. Ergen an opportunity to
 acquire additional proprietary interests in EHC. Mr. Ergen
 abstained from our board of directors&#146; vote on this matter.
 Awards available to be granted under the 2008 Class B CEO
 Stock Option Plan will include nonqualified stock options and
 dividend equivalent rights with respect to EHC&#146;s
 Class B Common Stock. Up to 4 million shares of
 EHC&#146;s Class B common stock will be available for
 awards under the 2008 Class B CEO Stock Option Plan. No
 awards will be granted under the 2008 Class B CEO Stock
 Option Plan prior to the spin-off.

 Employee
 Stock Purchase Plan 

 We have adopted an employee stock purchase plan, which we refer
 to as the 2008 ESPP, that is similar to ECC&#146;s employee
 stock purchase plan. The purpose of the 2008 ESPP will be to
 provide our eligible employees with an opportunity to acquire a
 proprietary interest in us by the purchase of our Class A
 common stock. All full-time employees who will have been
 employed by EHC for at least one calendar year quarter will be
 eligible to participate in the 2008 ESPP. Employee stock
 purchases will be made through payroll deductions. Under the
 proposed terms of the 2008 ESPP, employees will not be permitted
 to deduct an amount which would permit such employee to purchase
 our capital stock under all of our stock purchase plans which
 would exceed $25,000 in fair value of capital stock in any one
 year. The 2008 ESPP is intended to qualify under
 Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code and thereby
 provide participating employees with an opportunity to receive
 certain favorable income tax consequences as to stock purchase
 rights under the 2008 ESPP. Up to 360,000 Shares of
 EHC&#146;s Class A common stock will be available for
 awards under the 2008 ESPP. No stock purchase rights will
 be granted under the 2008 ESPP prior to the spin-off.

 Nonemployee
 Director Stock Option Plan 

 We have adopted a non-employee director stock option plan, which
 we refer to as the 2008 NEDSOP, that is similar to ECC&#146;s
 non-employee director stock option plan. The purpose of the 2008
 NEDSOP will be to advance our interests through the motivation,
 attraction and retention of highly-qualified non-employee
 directors. The 2008 NEDSOP will grant our non-employee
 directors, upon their initial election or appointment to our
 board, an option to acquire a certain number of shares of
 EHC&#146;s Class A common stock. We may also grant, in our
 discretion, any continuing non-employee directors further
 options to acquire our shares of Class A common stock in
 exchange for their continuing services. Up to
 250,000 shares of our Class A common stock will be
 available for awards under the 2008 NEDSOP. No options will be
 granted under the 2008 NEDSOP prior to the spin-off.

 401(k)
 Plan 

 Historically. ECC has adopted a
 defined-contribution tax-qualified 401(k) plan for its
 employees, including its executives, to encourage its employees
 to save some percentage of their cash compensation for their
 eventual retirement. ECC&#146;s executives have participated in
 the 401(k) plan on the same terms as ECC&#146;s other employees.
 Under the plan, employees have become eligible for participation
 in the 401(k) plan upon completing six months of service with
 ECC and reaching age 19. 401(k) plan participants have been
 able to contribute up to 50% of their compensation in each
 contribution period, subject to the maximum deductible limit
 provided by the Internal Revenue Code. ECC may also make a 50%
 matching employer contribution up to a maximum of $1,000 per
 participant per calendar year. In addition, ECC may also make an
 annual discretionary profit sharing or employer stock
 contribution to the 401(k) plan with the approval of its
 compensation committee and board of directors. 401(k) plan
 participants are immediately vested in their voluntary
 contributions and earnings on voluntary contributions.
 ECC&#146;s employer contributions to 401(k) plan
 participants&#146; accounts vest 20% per year commencing one
 year from the employee&#146;s date of employment.

 Going Forward. Following the spin-off, we
 expect to offer a 401(k) plan on similar terms as described
 above.

 96

 Table of Contents 

 Perquisites
 and Personal Benefits, Post-Termination Compensation and Other
 Compensation 

 Historically. ECC has traditionally offered
 numerous plans and other benefits to its executive officers on
 the same terms as other employees. These plans and benefits have
 included medical, vision, and dental insurance, life insurance,
 and its employee stock purchase plan as well as discounts on its
 services. Relocation benefits may also be reimbursed, but are
 individually negotiated when they occur. ECC has also permitted
 members of its executive team to use its corporate aircraft for
 personal use. ECC has also paid for annual tax preparation costs
 for certain executive officers.

 ECC has not traditionally had any plans in place to provide
 severance benefits to employees. However, certain stock options
 and restricted stock units have been granted to its executive
 officers subject to accelerated vesting upon a change in control.

 Going Forward. Following the spin-off, we
 anticipate benefits and perquisites offered to our NEOs will be
 similar to those described above.

 Tax
 Deductibility 

 Section 162(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code
 places a limit on the tax deduction for compensation in excess
 of $1 million paid to certain &#147;covered employees&#148;
 of a publicly held corporation (generally, the
 corporation&#146;s principal executive officer and its next four
 most highly compensated executive officers in the year that the
 compensation is paid). This limitation applies only to
 compensation which is not considered performance-based under the
 Section 162(m) rules. ECC&#146;s compensation committee
 conducts an ongoing review of its compensation practices for
 purposes of obtaining the maximum continued deductibility of
 compensation paid consistent with ECC&#146;s existing
 commitments and ongoing competitive needs. However, ECC has
 allowed the payment of nondeductible compensation in excess of
 this limitation. Following the spin-off, we intend to continue
 ECC&#146;s policies with respect to the deductibility of our
 compensation paid to executive officers.

 Executive
 Compensation 

 We have not yet paid any compensation to any of our NEOs. After
 the completion of the spin-off, certain of our NEOs will
 continue to be employed and compensated by ECC. Pursuant to the
 Management Services Agreement between us and ECC, we will share
 two non-business NEOs focused on providing legal and accounting
 services. Bernard L. Han and R. Stanton Dodge will serve as
 our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and our
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary,
 respectively. As noted above, these NEOs will be employed by ECC
 and compensated by ECC as an executive officer or employee of
 that company, and will not be directly compensated by EHC. Under
 the Management Services Agreement, we will make payments to ECC
 based upon a portion of ECC&#146;s personnel costs for our NEOs
 (taking into account salary and fringe benefits) based upon the
 anticipated percentages of time to be spent by our executive
 officers performing services for us. Incentive compensation for
 Messrs. Han and Dodge will be solely the responsibility of
 ECC. See &#147;Certain Intercompany Agreements &#151;
 Management Services Agreement.&#148;

 Fiscal
 2006 Summary Compensation Table 

 All information included in the following tables reflects
 compensation earned by our NEOs in fiscal 2006 for their
 services with ECC. All references to stock and stock options
 relate to awards of stock and stock options granted by ECC. The
 historical compensation set forth below does not necessarily
 reflect future compensation to be paid by us to our NEOs
 following the spin-off because historical compensation was
 determined by ECC

 97

 Table of Contents 

 and future compensation levels will be determined based on the
 compensation polices, programs and procedures to be established
 by our compensation committee.

 Change in 

 Pension Value 

 and 

 Nonqualified 

 Non-Equity 

 Deferred 

 Stock 

 Option 

 Incentive Plan 

 Compensation 

 All Other 

 Salary 

 Bonus 

 Awards 

 Awards(2) 

 Compensation(3) 

 Earnings 

 Compensation(4) 

 Total 

 Name and Principal Position 

 Year 

 ($) 

 ($) 

 ($) 

 ($) 

 ($) 

 ($) 

 ($) 

 ($) 

 Charles W. Ergen

 2006

 $

 550,000

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 1,412,882

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 858,171

 $

 2,821,053

 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

 Bernard L. Han(1)

 2006

 $

 88,077

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 203,248

 $

 33,250

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 324,575

 Executive Vice President 
 and Chief Financial Officer 

 Mark W. Jackson

 2006

 $

 305,769

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 800,870

 $

 124,800

 $

 &#151;

 $

 7,775

 $

 1,239,214

 President 

 Steven B. Schaver

 2006

 $

 278,668

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 282,576

 $

 140,500

 $

 &#151;

 $

 7,485

 $

 709,229

 President, EchoStar International Corporation 

 R. Stanton Dodge

 2006

 $

 216,925

 $

 10,000

 $

 &#151;

 $

 142,753

 $

 60,956

 $

 &#151;

 $

 7,614

 $

 438,248

 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and
 Secretary 

 (1) 

 Mr. Han joined ECC as Executive Vice President and Chief
 Financial Officer on September 28, 2006. 

 (2) 

 Represents the dollar amounts of expense recognized for
 financial statement reporting purposes for fiscal 2006, in
 accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment
 (&#147;SFAS 123R&#148;). Assumptions used in the
 calculation of these amounts are included in Note 3 to the
 audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended
 December 31, 2006, included herein. 

 (3) 

 Represents the dollar amounts earned pursuant to the 2006 Cash
 Incentive Plan that will be paid by ECC during 2007.
 Mr. Ergen declined to accept any distributions he was
 otherwise entitled to receive pursuant to the 2006 Cash
 Incentive Plan. 

 (4) 

 Represents the dollar amounts contributed pursuant to ECC&#146;s
 401(k) matching program and our profit sharing program.
 Mr. Ergen&#146;s &#147;All Other Compensation&#148; also
 includes tax preparation payments. In addition, with respect to
 Mr. Ergen &#147;All Other Compensation&#148; includes his
 personal use of ECC corporate aircraft valued at $821,771. We
 calculated the value of Mr. Ergen&#146;s personal use of
 corporate aircraft based upon the incremental cost of such usage
 to ECC. 

 98

 Table of Contents 

 Fiscal
 2006 Grant of Plan-Based Awards 

 The following table sets forth information relating to equity
 and non-equity awards granted to our NEOs by ECC under
 ECC&#146;s plans during Fiscal 2006.

 All Other 

 All Other 

 Grant 

 Stock 

 Option 

 Date 

 Awards: 

 Awards: 

 Exercise 

 Fair 

 Estimated Future Payouts 

 Estimated Future Payouts Under 

 Number of 

 Number of 

 or Base 

 Value of 

 Date of 

 Under Non-Equity Incentive 

 Equity Incentive 

 Shares of 

 Securities 

 Price of 

 Stock 

 Compensation 

 Plan Awards 

 Plan Awards 

 Stock or 

 Underlying 

 Option 

 and 

 Grant 

 Committee 

 Threshold 

 Target 

 Maximum 

 Threshold 

 Target (1) 

 Maximum 

 Units 

 Options 

 Awards 

 Option 

 Name 

 Date 

 Approval 

 ($) 

 ($) 

 ($) 

 (#) 

 (#) 

 (#) 

 (#) 

 (#) 

 ($/sh) 

 Awards(2) 

 Charles W. Ergen

 3/7/2006

 2/28/06

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 125

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 3/8/2006

 2/28/06

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 147

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Bernard L. Han

 9/30/2006

 9/26/06

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 30,000

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 982,200

 9/30/2006

 9/26/06

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 90,000

 &#151;

 &#151;

 350,000

 $

 32.74

 $

 5,432,630

 Mark W. Jackson

 3/7/2006

 2/28/06

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 65

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 3/8/2006

 2/28/06

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 147

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Steven B. Schaver

 3/7/2006

 2/28/06

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 60

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 3/8/2006

 2/28/06

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 147

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 R. Stanton Dodge

 3/7/2006

 2/28/06

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 45

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 3/8/2006

 2/28/06

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 147

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 (1) 

 Represents the amount of stock and/or option awards that will
 become exercisable upon achievement of specified long-term
 business objectives, as discussed in CD&#038;A above. 

 (2) 

 Represents the total SFAS 123R fair value of the grant. 

 Each stock option and equity grant with respect to ECC common
 stock outstanding as of the distribution date will be adjusted
 in connection with the spin-off. In connection with these
 adjustments, certain options to acquire shares of our common
 stock will be granted. See &#147;The Spin-Off &#151;
 Treatment of ECC Stock Incentive Awards&#148; for a discussion
 of these adjustments and grants.

 99

 Table of Contents 

 Outstanding
 Equity Awards at Fiscal 2006 Year-End 

 The following table sets forth information relating to
 outstanding equity awards of ECC&#146;s common stock held by our
 NEOs at fiscal 2006 year-end.

 Option Awards 

 Stock Awards 

 Equity 

 Incentive 

 Plan 

 Equity 

 Awards: 

 Incentive 

 Market or 

 Equity 

 Plan 

 Payout 

 Incentive 

 Awards: 

 Value of 

 Plan 

 Market 

 Number of 

 Unearned 

 Awards: 

 Value of 

 Unearned 

 Shares, 

 Number of 

 Number of 

 Number of 

 Number of 

 Shares or 

 Shares, 

 Units or 

 Securities 

 Securities 

 Securities 

 Shares or 

 Units of 

 Units or 

 Other 

 Underlying 

 Underlying 

 Underlying 

 Units of 

 Stock 

 Other 

 Rights 

 Unexercised 

 Unexercised 

 Unexercised 

 Option 

 Stock That 

 That 

 Rights 

 That 

 Options 

 Options 

 Unearned 

 Exercise 

 Option 

 Have Not 

 Have Not 

 That Have 

 Have Not 

 (#) 

 (#) 

 Options 

 Price 

 Expiration 

 Vested 

 Vested 

 Not Vested 

 Vested(1) 

 Name 

 Exercisable 

 Unexercisable 

 (#) 

 ($) 

 Date 

 (#) 

 ($) 

 (#) 

 ($) 

 Charles W. Ergen

 &#151;

 &#151;

 400,000

 (2)

 $

 6.00

 2/17/2009

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 40,000

 40,000

 (3)

 &#151;

 $

 28.88

 3/31/2013

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 160,000

 240,000

 (4)

 &#151;

 $

 30.75

 6/30/2014

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 500,000

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 33.25

 12/31/2014

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 900,000

 (5)

 $

 29.57

 9/30/2015

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Bernard L. Han

 &#151;

 350,000

 (6)

 90,000

 (7)

 $

 32.74

 9/30/2016

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 30,000

 (7)

 $

 1,140,900

 Mark W. Jackson

 206,668

 &#151;

 400,000

 (2)

 $

 6.00

 2/17/2009

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 16,000

 4,000

 (3)

 &#151;

 $

 28.88

 3/31/2013

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 120,000

 80,000

 (4)

 &#151;

 $

 30.75

 6/30/2014

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 300,000

 (8)

 $

 29.25

 3/31/2015

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 40,000

 60,000

 (9)

 &#151;

 $

 30.16

 6/30/2015

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 200,000

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 27.18

 12/30/2015

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Steven B. Schaver

 &#151;

 &#151;

 400,000

 (2)

 $

 6.00

 2/17/2009

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 16,000

 4,000

 (3)

 &#151;

 $

 28.88

 3/31/2013

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 48,000

 32,000

 (4)

 &#151;

 $

 30.75

 6/30/2014

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 300,000

 (8)

 $

 29.25

 3/31/2015

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 R. Stanton Dodge

 &#151;

 &#151;

 80,000

 (2)

 $

 6.00

 2/17/2009

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 18,440

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 10.20

 3/31/2009

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 8,000

 2,000

 (3)

 &#151;

 $

 28.88

 3/31/2013

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 6,000

 4,000

 (10)

 &#151;

 $

 32.75

 3/31/2014

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 6,000

 4,000

 (4)

 &#151;

 $

 30.75

 6/30/2014

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 10,000

 15,000

 (11)

 37,500

 (8)

 $

 29.25

 3/31/2015

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 12,500

 (8)

 $

 475,375

 (1) 

 Represents the number of unvested, performance-based restricted
 stock units multiplied by the closing market price of ECC&#146;s
 shares of Class A common stock of $38.03 on
 December 29, 2006, the last trading day of fiscal 2006. 

 (2) 

 These options are performance-based awards that do not become
 exercisable until achievement of specified long-term business
 objectives, as discussed in &#147;Compensation Discussion and
 Analysis&#148; above. 

 (3) 

 These options were awarded on March 31, 2003 and vest in
 20% increments on each of the first five anniversaries of the
 date of grant. 

 (4) 

 These options were awarded on June 30, 2004 and vest in 20%
 increments on each of the first five anniversaries of the date
 of grant. 

 (5) 

 These options were awarded on September 30, 2005 and vest
 in 20% increments on each of the first five anniversaries of the
 date of grant. However, these options are performance-based
 awards that do not become exercisable until achievement of
 specified long-term business objectives, as discussed in
 &#147;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&#148; above. 

 (6) 

 These options were awarded on September 30, 2006 and vest
 in 20% increments on each of the first five anniversaries of the
 date of grant. 

 (7) 

 These options and restricted stock units were awarded on
 September 30, 2006 and vest in 10% increments on each of
 the first four anniversaries of the date of grant and then at
 the rate of 20% per 

 100

 Table of Contents 

 year thereafter. However, these options are performance-based
 awards that do not become exercisable until achievement of
 specified long-term business objectives, as discussed in
 &#147;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&#148; above. 

 (8) 

 These options were awarded on March 31, 2005 and vest in
 10% increments on each of the first four anniversaries of the
 date of grant and then at the rate of 20% per year thereafter.
 However, these options are performance-based awards that do not
 become exercisable until achievement of specified long-term
 business objectives, as discussed in &#147;Compensation
 Discussion and Analysis&#148; above. 

 (9) 

 These options were awarded on June 30, 2005 and vest in 20%
 increments on each of the first five anniversaries of the date
 of grant. 

 (10) 

 These options were awarded on March 31, 2004 and vest in
 20% increments on each of the first five anniversaries of the
 date of grant. 

 (11) 

 These options were awarded on March 31, 2005 and vest in
 20% increments on each of the first five anniversaries of the
 date of grant. 

 Option
 Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal 2006 

 The following table sets forth certain information relating to
 exercises and vesting of options for ECC&#146;s common stock
 during fiscal 2006 by our NEOs:

 Option Awards 

 Stock Awards 

 Number of 

 Number of 

 Shares 

 Value 

 Shares 

 Value 

 Acquired on 

 Realized on 

 Acquired on 

 Realized on 

 Exercise 

 Exercise(1) 

 Vesting 

 Vesting 

 Name 

 (#) 

 ($) 

 (#) 

 ($) 

 Charles W. Ergen

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Bernard L. Han

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Mark W. Jackson

 97,332

 $

 2,846,309

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Steven B. Schaver

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 R. Stanton Dodge

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 (1) 

 The value realized on exercise is computed by multiplying the
 difference between the exercise price of the stock option and
 market price of the shares of ECC Class A common stock on
 the date of exercise by the number of shares with respect to
 which the option was exercised. 

 Potential
 Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 

 Except as described below, we will have no employment contracts,
 termination of employment agreements or change in control
 agreements with any of our NEOs at the time of the spin-off.

 As discussed in &#147;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&#148;
 above, ECC&#146;s standard form of option agreement given to
 executive officers includes acceleration of vesting upon a
 change in control of ECC for those executive officers that do
 not continue to be employed by ECC or the surviving entity, as
 applicable.

 Generally a change in control is deemed to occur upon:
 (i) a transaction or a series of transactions the result of
 which is that any person (other than the principal or a related
 party) individually owns more than fifty percent (50%) of the
 total equity interests of either (A) ECC or (B) the
 surviving entity in any such transaction(s) or a controlling
 affiliate of such surviving entity in such transaction(s); and
 (ii) the first day on which a majority of the members of
 the board of directors of ECC are not continuing directors.

 101

 Table of Contents 

 Assuming a change in control were to have taken place as of
 December 31, 2006, and the executives were no longer to
 continue with ECC or the surviving entity at such date, the
 estimated benefits that would have been provided are as follows:

 Maximum 

 Value of 

 Accelerated 

 Vesting of 

 Name 

 Options(1) 

 Charles W. Ergen

 $

 2,113,200

 Bernard L. Han

 1,851,500

 Mark W. Jackson

 1,091,200

 Steven B. Schaver

 269,560

 R. Stanton Dodge

 200,240

 (1) 

 This amount reflects the intrinsic value (i.e. the amount by
 which the $38.03 closing price of a share of ECC&#146;s
 Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on
 December 29, 2006, the last trading day of fiscal 2006, exceeded
 the exercise price) of each of the executive officer&#146;s
 unvested stock options that would become vested as a result of a
 change in control. 

 Director
 Compensation for Fiscal 2006 

 Historically. ECC&#146;s employee directors
 are not compensated for their services as directors. Each
 nonemployee director of ECC receives an annual retainer of
 $40,000 which is paid in equal quarterly installments on the
 last day of each calendar quarter, provided such person is a
 member of ECC&#146;s board of directors on the last day of the
 applicable calendar quarter. ECC&#146;s nonemployee directors
 also receive $1,000 for each meeting attended in person and $500
 for each meeting attended by telephone. Additionally, the
 chairperson of each committee of ECC&#146;s board of directors
 receives a $5,000 annual retainer, which is paid in equal
 quarterly installments on the last day of each calendar quarter,
 provided such person is the chairperson of the committee on the
 last day of the applicable calendar quarter. Furthermore,
 ECC&#146;s nonemployee directors receive:
 (i) reimbursement, in full, of reasonable travel expenses
 related to attendance at all meetings of ECC&#146;s board of
 directors and its committees and (ii) reimbursement of
 reasonable expenses related to educational activities undertaken
 in connection with service on ECC&#146;s board of directors and
 its committees.

 Upon election to ECC&#146;s board of directors, ECC&#146;s
 nonemployee directors are granted an option to acquire a certain
 number of shares of ECC&#146;s Class A common stock under
 ECC&#146;s nonemployee director stock option plan. Options
 granted under ECC&#146;s nonemployee director plans are 100%
 vested upon issuance and have a term of five years. ECC also
 currently grants each continuing nonemployee director an option
 to acquire shares of ECC&#146;s Class A common stock every
 year in exchange for their continuing services.

 The following table sets forth information relating to the
 compensation for Fiscal 2006 awarded by ECC to the individuals
 who will act as our nonemployee directors.

 Change in 

 Pension Value 

 and 

 Fees 

 Nonqualified 

 Earned or 

 Non-Equity 

 Deferred 

 Paid in 

 Stock 

 Option 

 Incentive Plan 

 Compensation 

 All Other 

 Cash 

 Awards 

 Awards(1) 

 Compensation 

 Earnings 

 Compensation 

 Total 

 Name 

 ($) 

 ($) 

 ($) 

 ($) 

 ($) 

 ($) 

 ($) 

 Steven R. Goodbarn

 $

 54,500

 $

 &#151;

 $

 31,509

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 86,009

 Tom A. Ortolf

 $

 53,500

 $

 &#151;

 $

 31,509

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 85,009

 C. Michael Schroeder

 $

 54,500

 $

 &#151;

 $

 31,509

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 86,009

 (1) 

 Represents the dollar amount recognized for financial statement
 reporting purposes for the fiscal year ended December 31,
 2006, in accordance with SFAS 123R. Assumptions used in the
 calculation of these amounts are included in Note 3 to
 ECC&#146;s audited financial statements for the fiscal year
 ended December 31, 2006, included in ECC&#146;s Annual
 Report on
 Form 10-K/A 
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
 March 6, 2007. On June 30, 2006, each of ECC&#146;s
 nonemployee directors was 

 102

 Table of Contents 

 granted an option to acquire 5,000 shares of ECC
 Class A common stock at an exercise price of $30.81 per
 share. Options granted under ECC&#146;s nonemployee director
 plans are 100% vested upon issuance. Thus, the amount recognized
 for financial statement reporting purposes and the full grant
 date fair value are the same. 

 Nonemployee directors of ECC have been granted the following
 options under ECC&#146;s nonemployee director plans:

 Option Awards 

 Number of 

 Securities 

 Underlying 

 Unexercised 

 Option 

 Options 

 Exercise 

 Option 

 (#) 

 Price 

 Expiration 

 Name 

 Exercisable 

 ($) 

 Date 

 Steven R. Goodbarn

 10,000

 $

 22.26

 12/31/2007

 5,000

 $

 34.62

 6/30/2008

 5,000

 $

 31.12

 9/30/2009

 5,000

 $

 30.16

 6/30/2010

 40,000

 $

 27.18

 12/30/2010

 5,000

 $

 30.81

 6/30/2011

 Total Options Outstanding at December 31, 2006 

 70,000

 Tom A. Ortolf

 10,000

 $

 30.16

 6/30/2010

 40,000

 $

 27.18

 12/30/2010

 5,000

 $

 30.81

 6/30/2011

 Total Options Outstanding at December 31, 2006 

 55,000

 C. Michael Schroeder

 10,000

 $

 33.99

 12/31/2008

 5,000

 $

 31.12

 9/30/2009

 5,000

 $

 30.16

 6/30/2010

 40,000

 $

 27.18

 12/30/2010

 5,000

 $

 30.81

 6/30/2011

 Total Options Outstanding at December 31, 2006 

 65,000

 Going Forward. We expect that our Board of
 Directors will adopt similar policies to those listed above.

 Compensation
 Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

 The Compensation Committee is comprised solely of outside
 directors. The Compensation Committee members are
 Mr. Goodbarn, Mr. Ortolf and Mr. Schroeder. None
 of these individuals will be an officer or employee of EHC at
 any time during the 2007 fiscal year. Following the spin-off,
 none of our executive officers will serve as a member of the
 compensation committee of any entity that has one or more
 executive officers serving on our Compensation Committee.

 103

 Table of Contents 

 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

 As of the date hereof, all of our outstanding shares of common
 stock are owned by ECC. None of our directors or executive
 officers currently owns any shares of our common shares, but
 those who own shares of ECC common stock will receive shares of
 the same class of our common stock in the distribution on the
 same basis as the shares held by other ECC shareholders.

 The following table sets forth, to the best of our knowledge,
 the anticipated beneficial ownership of EHC voting securities
 immediately following the distribution by: (i) each person
 known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of
 ECC&#146;s voting securities; (ii) each of our directors;
 (iii) each officer named in the Summary Compensation Table;
 and (iv) all of our directors and executive officers as a
 group. We base the share amounts on each person&#146;s
 beneficial ownership of ECC common stock as of November 30,
 2007. Unless otherwise indicated, each person listed in the
 following table (alone or with family members) has sole voting
 and dispositive power over the shares listed opposite such
 person&#146;s name.

 Amount and 

 Nature of 

 Beneficial 

 Percentage 

 Ownership 

 of Class 

 Name(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 Class A Common Stock(4): 

 Charles W. Ergen(5),(6)

 41,870,946

 50.0

 %

 David K. Moskowitz(7)

 5,403,050

 11.4

 %

 Barclays Global Investors, NA(8)

 4,380,290

 10.4

 %

 Dodge &#038; Cox(9)

 2,930,816

 7.0

 %

 Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C.(10)

 2,742,728

 6.5

 %

 Harris Associates L.P.(11)

 2,080,690

 5.0

 %

 Michael T. Dugan(12)

 104,896

 *

 Mark W. Jackson(13)

 82,542

 *

 Carl E. Vogel(14)

 64,083

 *

 Tom A. Ortolf(15)

 24,240

 *

 Steven B. Schaver(16)

 16,216

 *

 C. Michael Schroeder(17)

 17,020

 *

 Steven R. Goodbarn(18)

 14,000

 *

 Bernard L. Han(19)

 14,000

 *

 R. Stanton Dodge(20)

 6,464

 *

 All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group
 (11 persons)(21)

 49,189,410

 58.2

 %

 Class B Common Stock: 

 Charles W. Ergen

 41,611,830

 87.3

 %

 Trusts(22)

 5,226,180

 11.0

 %

 All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group
 (11 persons)(21)

 46,838,010

 98.2

 %

 * 

 Less than 1%. 

 (1) 

 Except as otherwise noted below, the address of each such person
 is 9601 S. Meridian Blvd., Englewood, Colorado 80112. 

 (2) 

 The amounts included in this column represent the shares of our
 common stock which will be beneficially owned by the listed
 individuals are based on the distribution ratio of one share of
 common stock to be received for every five shares of ECC common
 stock beneficially owned by such individuals on
 November 30, 2007 (unless otherwise specified). Based on
 the shares of ECC common stock outstanding on November 30,
 2007 and the distribution ratio, there are expected to be
 42,012,362 outstanding shares of EHC Class A common stock
 and 47,687,042 shares of EHC Class B common stock. 

 104

 Table of Contents 

 (3) 

 Represents the percentage of our common stock which we expect to
 be outstanding (based on the expected number of our shares to be
 distributed based on the number of ECC shares outstanding on
 November 30, 2007). An asterisk indicates that the
 percentage of common stock projected to be beneficially owned by
 the named individual does not exceed 1% of EHC common stock. 

 (4) 

 The following table sets forth, to the best knowledge of EHC
 based on the outstanding shares of ECC common stock on
 November 30, 2007 and the distribution ratio the expected
 ownership of EHC&#146;s Class A common stock (including
 options exercisable within 60 days) by: (i) each
 person expected by EHC to be the beneficial owner of more than
 five percent of any class of EHC&#146;s voting shares;
 (ii) each director of EHC; (iii) each officer named in
 the Summary Compensation Table; and (iv) all directors and
 executive officers as a group: 

 Amount and 

 Nature of 

 Beneficial 

 Percentage 

 Name(1) 

 Ownership 

 of Class 

 Class A Common Stock: 

 Barclays Global Investors, NA

 4,380,290

 10.4

 %

 Dodge &#038; Cox

 2,930,816

 7.0

 %

 Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C

 2,742,728

 6.5

 %

 Harris Associates L.P

 2,080,690

 5.0

 %

 Charles W. Ergen

 259,116

 *

 David K. Moskowitz

 176,870

 *

 Michael T. Dugan

 104,896

 *

 Mark W. Jackson

 82,542

 *

 Carl E. Vogel

 64,083

 *

 Tom A. Ortolf

 24,240

 *

 Steven B. Schaver

 16,216

 *

 C. Michael Schroeder

 17,020

 *

 Steven R. Goodbarn

 14,000

 *

 Bernard L. Han

 14,000

 *

 R. Stanton Dodge

 6,464

 *

 All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (11 persons)

 2,351,400

 5.5

 %

 * 

 Less than 1%. 

 (5) 

 Mr. Ergen is deemed to own beneficially all of the EHC
 Class A Shares owned by his spouse, Mrs. Ergen.
 Mr. Ergen&#146;s beneficial ownership includes:
 (i) 89,730 EHC Class A Shares; (ii) 3,704 EHC
 Class A Shares held in the Company&#146;s 401(k) Employee
 Savings Plan, (which we refer to as the 401(k) Plan);
 (iii) the right to acquire 160,000 EHC Class A Shares
 within 60 days upon the exercise of employee stock options;
 (iv) 47 EHC Class A Shares held by Mrs. Ergen;
 (v) 200 EHC Class A Shares held in the 401(k) Plan
 held by Mrs. Ergen; (vi) 5,435 EHC Class A Shares
 held as custodian for his children; and (vii) 41,611,830
 EHC Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of
 Mr. Ergen&#146;s EHC Class B Shares.
 Mr. Ergen&#146;s beneficial ownership of EHC Class A Shares
 excludes 5,226,180 EHC Class A Shares issuable upon
 conversion of EHC Class B Shares held by certain trusts
 established by Mr. Ergen for the benefit of his family. 

 (6) 

 The percentage of total voting power held by Mr. Ergen is
 approximately 80% after giving effect to the exercise of
 Mr. Ergen&#146;s options exercisable within 60 days. 

 (7) 

 Mr. Moskowitz&#146;s beneficial ownership includes:
 (i) 24,970 EHC Class A Shares; (ii) 3,542 EHC
 Class A Shares held in the 401(k) Plan; (iii) the
 right to acquire 140,000 EHC Class A Shares within
 60 days upon the exercise of employee stock options;
 (iv) 265 EHC Class A Shares held as custodian for his
 minor children; (v) 1,636 EHC Class A Shares held as
 trustee for Mr. Ergen&#146;s children; (vi) 6,000 EHC
 Class A Shares held by a charitable foundation for which
 Mr. Moskowitz is a member of the Board of 

 105

 Table of Contents 

 Directors; (vii) 457 EHC Class A Shares held in the
 employee stock purchase plan; and (viii) 5,226,180 EHC
 Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of the EHC
 Class B Shares held by certain trusts established by
 Mr. Ergen for the benefit of Mr. Ergen&#146;s family
 for which Mr. Moskowitz is trustee. 

 (8) 

 The address of Barclays Global Investors, N.A.
 (&#147;Barclays&#148;) is 45 Fremont Street, San Francisco,
 California, 94105. The EHC Class A Shares listed as
 beneficially owned by Barclays includes 3,459,087 EHC
 Class A Shares owned by Barclays Global Investors, N.A., of
 which Barclays has sole voting power as to 3,071,779 EHC
 Class A Shares, as well as (i) 178,821 EHC
 Class A Shares owned by Barclays Global Fund Advisors,
 (ii) 488,625 EHC Class A Shares owned by Barclays
 Global Investors, LTD., (iii) 49,140 EHC Class A Shares
 owned by Barclays Global Investors Japan Trust and Banking
 Company Limited and (iv) 204,617 EHC Class A Shares
 owned by Barclays Global Investors Japan Limited. This
 information is based solely upon a Schedule 13G filed on
 May 9, 2007. 

 (9) 

 The address of Dodge &#038; Cox is 555 California Street,
 40th Floor, San Francisco, California, 94104. Of the EHC
 Class A Shares beneficially owned, Dodge &#038; Cox
 has sole voting power as to 2,930,816 EHC Class A Shares.
 This information is based solely upon a Schedule 13G filed
 on February 8, 2007. 

 (10) 

 The address of Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C.
 (&#147;Fairholme&#148;) is 1001 Brickell Bay Drive,
 Suite 3112, Miami, Florida, 33131. Of the EHC Class A
 Shares beneficially owned, Fairholme has shared voting power as
 to 2,136,844 EHC Class A Shares and shared dispositive
 power as to all 2,742,728 EHC Class A Shares. This
 information is based solely upon a Schedule 13G filed on
 February 14, 2007. 

 (11) 

 The address of Harris Associates L.P. (&#147;Harris&#148;) is
 Two North LaSalle Street, Suite 500, Chicago, Illinois,
 60602. Of the EHC Class A Shares beneficially owned, Harris
 has shared voting power as to 2,080,690 EHC Class A Shares
 and shared dispositive power as to 1,955,000. This information
 is based solely upon a Schedule 13G filed on
 February 14, 2007. 

 (12) 

 Mr. Dugan&#146;s beneficial ownership includes: (i) 86
 EHC Class A Shares; (ii) 606 EHC Class A Shares
 held in the 401(k) Plan; and (iii) the right to acquire
 104,204 EHC Class A Shares within 60 days upon the
 exercise of employee stock options. 

 (13) 

 Mr. Jackson&#146;s beneficial ownership includes:
 (i) 83 EHC Class A Shares; (ii) 2,459 EHC
 Class A Shares held in the 401(k) Plan; and (iii) the
 right to acquire 80,000 EHC Class A Shares within
 60 days upon the exercise of employee stock options. 

 (14) 

 Mr. Vogel&#146;s beneficial ownership includes:
 (i) 2,033 EHC Class A Shares; (ii) 50 EHC
 Class A Shares held in the 401(k) Plan; and (iii) the
 right to acquire 62,000 EHC Class A Shares within
 60 days upon the exercise of employee stock options; 

 (15) 

 Mr. Ortolf&#146;s beneficial ownership includes:
 (i) the right to acquire 12,000 EHC Class A Shares
 within 60 days upon the exercise of nonemployee director
 stock options; (ii) 40 EHC Class A Shares held in the
 name of one of his children; and (iii) 12,200 EHC
 Class A Shares held by a partnership of which
 Mr. Ortolf is a partner. 

 (16) 

 Mr. Schaver&#146;s beneficial ownership includes:
 (i) 482 EHC Class A Shares; (ii) 3,334 EHC
 Class A Shares held in the 401(k) Plan; and (iii) the
 right to acquire 12,400 EHC Class A Shares within
 60 days upon the exercise of employee stock options. 

 (17) 

 Mr. Schroeder&#146;s beneficial ownership includes:
 (i) 3,020 EHC Class A Shares; and (ii) the right
 to acquire 14,000 EHC Class A Shares within 60 days
 upon the exercise of nonemployee director stock options. 

 (18) 

 Mr. Goodbarn&#146;s beneficial ownership includes:
 (i) 1,000 EHC Class A Shares; and (ii) the right
 to acquire 13,000 EHC Class A Shares within 60 days
 upon the exercise of nonemployee director stock options. 

 (19) 

 Mr. Han&#146;s beneficial ownership includes the right to
 acquire 14,000 EHC Class A Shares within 60 days upon
 the exercise of employee stock options. 

 (20) 

 Mr. Dodge&#146;s beneficial ownership includes: (i) 36
 EHC Class A Shares; (ii) 428 EHC Class A Shares
 held in the 401(k) Plan; and (iii) the right to acquire
 6,000 EHC Class A Shares within 60 days upon the
 exercise of employee stock options. 

 106

 Table of Contents 

 (21) 

 Includes: (i) 888,166 EHC Class A Shares;
 (ii) 18,119 EHC Class A Shares held in the 401(k)
 Plan; (iii) the right to acquire 954,802 EHC Class A
 Shares within 60 days upon the exercise of employee stock
 options; (iv) 462,200 EHC Class A Shares held in a
 partnership; (v) 46,838,010 EHC Class A Shares
 issuable upon conversion of EHC Class B Shares;
 (vi) 20,312 EHC Class A Shares held in the name of, or
 in trust for, children and other family members;
 (vii) 6,000 EHC Class A Shares held by a charitable
 foundation for which Mr. Moskowitz is a member of its board
 of directors; (viii) 20 EHC Class A Shares held by a
 spouse; and (ix) 1,781 EHC Class A Shares held in the
 employee stock purchase plan. EHC Class A and EHC
 Class B common stock beneficially owned by both Mr. and
 Mrs. Ergen is only included once in calculating the
 aggregate number of shares owned by directors and executive
 officers as a group. 

 (22) 

 Held by certain trusts established by Mr. Ergen for the
 benefit of Mr. Ergen&#146;s family of which
 Mr. Moskowitz is trustee. 

 107

 Table of Contents 

 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

 We expect that our Board will adopt a written policy for the
 review and approval of transactions involving related parties,
 such as directors, executive officers and their immediate family
 members, which policy will cover transactions between us and
 ECC. In order to survey these transactions, we plan to
 distribute questionnaires to our officers and directors on a
 quarterly basis. Our General Counsel will direct the appropriate
 review of all potential related-party transactions and schedule
 their presentation at the next regularly-scheduled meetings of
 the Audit Committee and the board of directors. Both the Audit
 Committee and the board of directors must approve these
 transactions, with all interested parties abstaining from the
 vote. Once each calendar year, the Audit Committee and the board
 of directors will undertake a review of all recurring potential
 related-party transactions. Both the Audit Committee and the
 board of directors must approve the continuation of each such
 transaction, with all interested parties abstaining.

 In March of 2000, ECC purchased Kelly Broadcasting Systems, Inc.
 (&#147;KBS&#148;). At that time, Michael Kelly, one of our
 officers, was a shareholder of KBS and served as its President.
 Certain assets and liabilities of KBS will be distributed to us
 in connection with the spin-off. Title to certain assets
 purchased in the acquisition have been transferred, and payments
 of as much as approximately $2 million may be due to
 Mr. Kelly in accordance with the terms of the purchase
 agreement. No changes to the purchase agreement occurred during
 2006 and no assets or payments were exchanged during 2006.
 During 2006, ECC entered into a routine mutual release with
 Mr. Kelly in connection with certain KBS transactions.

 The brother of Mark Jackson, our President, earned approximately
 $80,000 during 2006 as an employee of a non-public company that
 provides programming content to ECC. Affiliates of that company
 also supply us with parts used in the manufacture of our
 satellite receivers and related equipment. Neither us or ECC,
 nor any of our or ECC&#146;s directors or executive officers has
 any ownership or other personal financial interest in that
 company. We and our contract manufacturers paid that company and
 its affiliates a total of approximately $180 million during
 2006, representing approximately 48% of their total revenues.

 108

 Table of Contents 

 CERTAIN
 INTERCOMPANY AGREEMENTS 

 Agreements
 with ECC 

 Following the spin-off, our company and ECC will operate
 independently, and neither will have any ownership interest in
 the other. In order to govern certain of the ongoing
 relationships between our company and ECC after the spin-off and
 to provide mechanisms for an orderly transition, we and ECC are
 entering into certain agreements pursuant to which we will
 obtain certain services and rights from ECC, ECC will obtain
 certain services and rights from us, and we and ECC will
 indemnify each other against certain liabilities arising from
 our respective businesses. The following is a summary of the
 terms of the material agreements we are entering into or we
 expect to enter into with ECC. We anticipate entering into these
 agreements shortly before the distribution date on
 January 1, 2008.

 Broadcast
 Agreement 

 It is anticipated that we will enter into a broadcast agreement
 with a subsidiary of ECC, whereby ECC will receive broadcast
 services including teleport services such as transmission and
 downlinking, channel origination services, and channel
 management services from us thereby enabling ECC to deliver
 satellite television programming to subscribers. Additionally,
 ECC will have the right, but not the obligation, to have us
 purchase certain equipment on ECC&#146;s behalf at an agreed
 upon margin. The broadcast agreement will have a term of two
 years; however, ECC will have the right, but not the obligation,
 to extend the agreement annually for successive one-year periods
 for up to two additional years. ECC may terminate channel
 origination services and channel management services for any
 reason and without any liability upon sixty days written notice
 to us. If ECC terminates teleport services for a reason other
 than our breach, ECC shall pay us a sum equal to the aggregate
 amount of the remainder of the expected cost of providing the
 teleport service. The fees for the services to be provided under
 the broadcast agreement will be cost plus an agreed upon margin,
 which is believed to be fair market value pricing.

 Employee
 Matters Agreement 

 We will enter into an employee matters agreement with ECC,
 providing for our respective obligations to our employees.
 Pursuant to the agreement, we will establish a defined
 contribution plan for the benefit of our eligible employees in
 the United States (including our employees that transferred to
 us prior to the spin-off). Subject to any adjustments required
 by applicable law, it is our and ECC&#146;s present intent that
 the assets and liabilities of the ECC 401(k) Employee Savings
 Plan attributable to transferring employees, other than certain
 employees whose employment has terminated prior to the
 distribution date, be transferred to and assumed by a defined
 contribution plan established by us. In addition, we intend to
 establish, on, or as soon as practicable following, the
 distribution date, welfare plans for the benefit of our eligible
 employees and their respective eligible dependents that are
 substantially similar to the welfare plans maintained by ECC. We
 will also establish a stock incentive plan and an employee stock
 purchase plan as described in &#147;Management Performance-Based
 Conditional Cash Incentives.&#148; There are no payments
 expected under the employee matters agreement except for the
 reimbursement of certain expenses in connection with these
 employee benefit plans and potential indemnification payments in
 accordance with the separation agreement. The employee matters
 agreement is non-terminable and will survive for the applicable
 statute of limitations.

 The employee matters agreement also addresses the treatment of
 ECC stock options and restricted stock unit awards in connection
 with the spin-off. For a discussion of the treatment of these
 stock incentive awards in the spin-off, please see &#147;The
 Spin-Off &#151; Treatment of ECC Stock Incentive
 Awards.&#148;

 Installation
 Services Agreement 

 We will enter into an installation services agreement with ECC
 whereby we will have the right but not the obligation to engage
 ECC and its network of installation service providers to provide
 installation services in respect of various types of equipment
 we provide to our customers. For the provision of these
 services, we

 109

 Table of Contents 

 will pay ECC fees that reflect the fair market value of the
 installation services that we purchase from ECC. The term of the
 installation services agreement will be one year.

 Furthermore, we may not generally solicit any installer of ECC
 for employment during the agreement and for a period of one year
 thereafter.

 Intellectual
 Property Matters Agreement 

 We expect to enter into an intellectual property matters
 agreement with ECC and certain of its subsidiaries in connection
 with the spin-off. The intellectual property matters agreement
 will govern our relationship with ECC with respect to patents,
 trademarks and other intellectual property. Pursuant to the
 intellectual property matters agreement ECC and certain of its
 subsidiaries will irrevocably assign to us all right, title and
 interest in certain patents, trademarks and other intellectual
 property necessary for the operation of our set-top box
 business. In addition, the agreement will permit us to use, in
 the operation of our set-top box business, certain other
 intellectual property currently owned or licensed by ECC and its
 subsidiaries.

 We will grant to ECC and its subsidiaries a non-exclusive,
 non-transferable, worldwide license to use the name
 &#147;EchoStar&#148; and a portion of the assigned intellectual
 properties as trade names and trademarks for a limited period of
 time in connection with ECC&#146;s continued operation of the
 consumer business. The purpose of such license is to eliminate
 confusion on the part of customers and others during the period
 following the spin-off. After the transitional period, ECC and
 its subsidiaries may not use the &#147;EchoStar&#148; name as
 trademarks. Similarly, the intellectual property matters
 agreement will provide that we will not make any use of the name
 or trademark &#147;DISH Network&#148; or any other trademark
 owned by ECC or its subsidiaries. There are no payments expected
 under the intellectual property matters agreement and it will
 continue in perpetuity.

 Real
 Estate Lease Agreements 

 We anticipate entering into the following lease agreements with
 ECC so that ECC can continue to operate out of these properties,
 which will be contributed to us in the spin-off. In each case we
 will charge ECC annual rent that we believe is fair market value
 for the premises, and ECC will be responsible for their portion
 of the taxes, insurance, utilities and maintenance of the
 premises.

 Inverness Lease Agreement. The lease for
 90 Inverness Circle East in Englewood, Colorado will be for
 a period of no longer than two years.

 Meridian Lease Agreement. The lease for
 9601 S. Meridian Blvd. in Englewood, Colorado will be
 for a period of two years with annual renewal options for up to
 three additional years.

 Santa Fe Lease Agreement. The lease for
 5701 S. Santa Fe Dr. in Littleton, Colorado will
 be for a period of two years with annual renewal options for up
 to three additional years.

 Management
 Services Agreement 

 In connection with the spin-off, we will enter into a management
 services agreement with ECC pursuant to which ECC will make
 certain of its officers available to provide services (which are
 primarily legal and accounting services) to EHC. Specifically,
 Bernard L. Han, R. Stanton Dodge and Paul W. Orban will remain
 employed by ECC, but will serve as EHC&#146;s Executive Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
 and General Counsel, and Senior Vice President and Controller,
 respectively. In addition, Carl E. Vogel will remain employed by
 ECC but will provide services to EHC as an advisor. We will make
 payments to ECC based upon an allocable portion of the personnel
 costs and expenses incurred by ECC with respect to such ECC
 officers (taking into account wages and fringe benefits). These
 allocations will be based upon the anticipated percentages of
 time to be spent by the ECC executive officers performing
 services for us under the management services agreement. We will
 also reimburse ECC for direct out-of-pocket costs incurred by
 ECC for management services provided to us. We and ECC will
 evaluate all charges for reasonableness at least annually and
 make any adjustments to these charges as we and ECC mutually
 agree upon.

 110

 Table of Contents 

 The management services agreement will continue in effect until
 the first anniversary of the spin-off, and will be renewed
 automatically for successive one-year periods thereafter, unless
 earlier terminated (1) by us at any time upon at least
 30 days&#146; prior written notice, (2) by ECC at the
 end of any renewal term, upon at least 180 days&#146; prior
 notice; and (3) by ECC upon written notice to us, following
 certain changes in control.

 Packout
 Services Agreement 

 We will enter into a packout services agreement, whereby we will
 have the right, but not the obligation, to engage an ECC
 subsidiary to package and ship satellite receivers to customers
 that are not associated with ECC or its subsidiaries. The fees
 charged by ECC for the services provided under the packout
 services agreement will be at cost plus an agreed upon margin,
 which is believed to be fair market value pricing. This
 agreement is designed to allow us time to develop our own
 packaging and shipping function. The packout services agreement
 will have a term of one year unless terminated earlier. We may
 terminate this agreement for any reason upon sixty days prior
 written notice to ECC. In the event of an early termination of
 this agreement, we will be entitled to a refund of any unearned
 fees paid to ECC for the services.

 Product
 Support Agreement 

 Following the spin-off, ECC will need us to provide product
 support (including engineering and technical support services
 and IPTV functionality) for all receivers and related
 accessories that our subsidiaries have sold and will sell to
 ECC. As a result, we will enter into a product support
 agreement, under which ECC will have the right, but not the
 obligation, to receive product support services in respect of
 such receivers and related accessories. The fees for the
 services to be provided under the product support agreement will
 be cost plus an agreed upon margin, which is believed to be fair
 market value pricing. The term of the product support agreement
 will be for the life of such receivers and related accessories
 unless terminated earlier. ECC may terminate the product support
 agreement for any reason upon sixty days prior written notice.
 In the event of an early termination of this agreement, ECC
 shall be entitled to a refund of any unearned fees paid to us
 for the services.

 Receiver
 Agreement 

 It is anticipated that we will continue to design, develop and
 distribute receivers, antennae and other digital equipment for
 the DISH Network following the spin-off. ECC will need assurance
 that the DISH Network will be able to acquire receivers and
 accessories needed to operate its business following the
 spin-off. Our subsidiaries will enter into a receiver agreement
 for the sale of receivers and other satellite television
 programming accessories to ECC. Under the receiver agreement, an
 ECC subsidiary will have the right but not the obligation to
 purchase receivers and accessories from us for a two year
 period. Additionally, we will provide ECC with standard
 manufacturer warranties for the goods sold under the receiver
 agreement. ECC may terminate the receiver agreement for any
 reason upon sixty days written notice We may also terminate this
 agreement if certain entities were to acquire ECC. ECC will have
 the right, but not the obligation, to extend the receiver
 agreement annually for up to two years. The receiver agreement
 will allow ECC to purchase receivers and accessories from us at
 cost plus an agreed upon margin, which is believed to be fair
 market value pricing. The receiver agreement will also include
 an indemnification provision, whereby the parties will indemnify
 each other for certain intellectual property issues.

 Remanufactured
 Receiver Agreement 

 It is anticipated that we will enter into a remanufactured
 receiver agreement under which we have the right to purchase
 remanufactured receivers, services and accessories from ECC for
 a two year period. Under the remanufactured receiver agreement
 we may purchase remanufactured receivers and accessories from
 ECC at cost plus an agreed upon margin, which is believed to be
 fair market value pricing. We may terminate the remanufactured
 receiver agreement for any reason upon sixty days written
 notice. ECC may also terminate this agreement if certain
 entities were to acquire us.

 111

 Table of Contents 

 Satellite
 Capacity Agreements 

 It is anticipated that we will enter into satellite capacity
 agreements, whereby an ECC subsidiary, on a transitional basis,
 will lease satellite capacity on satellites owned by us
 and/or slots
 licensed by us. Certain DISH Network subscribers currently point
 their satellite antenna at these slots and this agreement is
 designed to facilitate the separation of us and ECC by allowing
 a period of time for these DISH Network subscribers to be moved
 to satellites owned by ECC
 and/or to
 slots that will be licensed to ECC following the spin-off. The
 fees for the services to be provided under the satellite
 capacity agreements will be at fair market value. Generally, the
 satellite capacity agreements will terminate upon the earlier
 of: (a) the end of life or replacement of the satellite;
 (b) the date the satellite fails; (c) the date that
 the transponder on which service is being provided under the
 agreement fails; or (d) two years.

 Satellite
 Procurement Agreement 

 We will enter into a satellite procurement agreement, whereby
 ECC will have the right, but not the obligation, to engage us to
 manage the process of procuring new satellite capacity for ECC.
 The satellite procurement agreement will have a term of two
 years. The fees for the services to be provided under the
 satellite procurement agreement will be cost plus an agreed upon
 margin, which is believed to be fair market value pricing. ECC
 may terminate the satellite procurement agreement for any reason
 upon sixty days written notice.

 Separation
 Agreement 

 The separation agreement will govern the contribution to us of
 ECC&#146;s set-top box business and the other assets to be
 transferred to us in the spin-off (the &#147;distributed
 assets&#148;), the subsequent distribution of shares of our
 common stock to ECC stockholders and other matters related to
 ECC&#146;s relationship with us.

 The Contribution. To effect the contribution,
 ECC will, or will cause its subsidiaries to, transfer or agree
 to transfer all of the distributed assets to us as described in
 this information statement (which assets may include stock or
 other equity interests of ECC subsidiaries). We will assume, or
 agree to assume, and will agree to perform and fulfill all of
 the liabilities (including contingent liabilities) of the
 distributed assets in accordance with their respective terms,
 except for certain liabilities to be retained by ECC, including
 the intellectual property liabilities relating to the
 distributed assets for acts or events occurring on or before the
 distribution date. ECC will not make any representation or
 warranty as to the assets or liabilities transferred or assumed
 as part of the contribution or sale or as to any consents which
 may be required in connection with the transfers. Except as
 expressly set forth in the separation agreement or in any other
 ancillary agreements, all assets will be transferred on an
 &#147;as is,&#148; &#147;where is&#148; basis.

 If it is not practicable to transfer specified assets and
 liabilities on the separation date, the agreement provides that
 these assets
 and/or 
 liabilities will be transferred after the separation date. If
 another ancillary agreement expressly provides for the transfer
 of an asset or an assumption of a liability, the terms of the
 other ancillary agreement will determine the manner of the
 transfer and assumption. The parties agree to use reasonable
 best efforts to obtain any required consents, substitutions or
 amendments required to novate or assign all rights and
 obligations under any contracts to be transferred in connection
 with the contribution.

 The Distribution. The separation agreement
 will provide that on the distribution date (which will be
 determined by ECC), ECC will distribute all of its shares of our
 common stock to its stockholders of record as of the record date
 (which also will be determined by ECC). ECC will have the sole
 and absolute discretion to determine (and change) the terms of,
 and whether to proceed with, the distribution and, to the extent
 it determines to so proceed, to determine the date of the
 distribution. The separation agreement will provide that the
 distribution may be abandoned at any time, or may be accelerated
 or delayed, in ECC&#146;s discretion. In addition to ECC&#146;s
 discretion to determine not to proceed with the distribution,
 ECC&#146;s agreement to consummate the distribution also is
 subject to the satisfaction or waiver of a number of conditions,
 including the following:

 &#149; 
 
 the registration statement for our common stock into which
 information from this information statement is incorporated by
 reference has been declared effective by the SEC;

 112

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 
 
 a definitive Schedule 14C information statement relating to
 amendments to the Articles of Incorporation of ECC that provide
 for (i) the change of ECC&#146;s name to &#147;DISH Network
 Corporation,&#148; and (ii) the elimination of certain
 corporate opportunities provisions; will be filed with the SEC
 and mailed to ECC stockholders;

 &#149; 
 
 our common stock has been accepted for listing on the Nasdaq
 Global Select Market;

 &#149; 
 
 there is no legal restraint or prohibition preventing the
 consummation of the contribution or distribution or any other
 transaction related to the spin-off being in effect;

 &#149; 
 
 ECC&#146;s receipt of an opinion of White &#038; Case LLP
 on the distribution date substantially to the effect that the
 spin-off, together with certain related transactions, will
 qualify as reorganizations under Section 355 and
 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, in form and substance satisfactory to
 ECC;

 &#149; 
 
 the contribution shall have become effective in accordance with
 the separation agreement and the ancillary agreements;

 &#149; 
 
 any consents and governmental approvals, necessary to consummate
 the separation and distribution shall have been obtained and be
 in full force and effect; and

 &#149; 
 
 no other events or developments shall have occurred that, in the
 judgment of the ECC board of directors, would result in the
 separation or the distribution having a material adverse effect
 on ECC, its stockholders, the consumer business or the
 non-consumer receiver business.

 The separation agreement will provide that we and ECC will use
 our reasonable best efforts to consummate the distribution,
 including to use such efforts to file a registration statement
 and any subsequent amendments or supplements thereto with the
 SEC regarding our common stock, take such actions as may be
 necessary under state blue-sky laws and prepare and mail to ECC
 stockholders such other materials as ECC determines necessary or
 desirable and required under law. In addition, the separation
 agreement will provide that prior to the distribution, we will
 agree to prepare, file and use our reasonable best efforts to
 make effective an application for listing our stock on the
 Nasdaq Global Select Market.

 Exchange of Information. We and ECC will agree
 to provide each other with information reasonably necessary to
 comply with reporting, disclosure or filing requirements of
 governmental authorities, for use in judicial, regulatory,
 administrative and other proceedings and to satisfy audit,
 accounting, claims, litigation or similar requests, whether
 business or legal related. We and ECC also will agree to certain
 record retention and production procedures and agree to
 cooperate in any litigation as described below. After the
 spin-off, each party will agree to maintain at its own cost and
 expense adequate systems and controls for its business to the
 extent reasonably necessary to allow the other party to satisfy
 its reporting, accounting, audit and other obligations. Each
 party also will agree to provide to the other party all
 financial and other data and information that the requesting
 party determines necessary or advisable in order to prepare its
 financial statements and reports or filings. Each party will
 agree to use its reasonable best efforts to make available to
 the other party its current, former and future directors,
 officers, employees and other personnel or agents who may be
 used as witnesses and books, records and other documents which
 may reasonably be required in connection with legal,
 administrative or other proceedings.

 Cooperation in Obtaining New Agreements. ECC
 will agree, at our request, to facilitate introductions with
 third parties from whom our business has derived benefits under
 agreements and relationships which are not being assigned or
 transferred to us in connection with the contribution. ECC also
 will agree to provide reasonable assistance to us so that we may
 enter into agreements or relationships with such third parties
 under substantially equivalent terms and conditions that apply
 to ECC.

 Limitation on Damages. We and ECC will agree
 to waive, and neither we nor ECC will be able to seek,
 consequential, special, indirect or incidental damages or
 punitive damages.

 113

 Table of Contents 

 Dispute Resolution. If a dispute arises with
 ECC under the separation agreement or any ancillary agreement
 (unless otherwise provided in any such agreement), we will agree
 to the following procedures:

 &#149; 
 
 the dispute generally will be submitted to senior executives of
 both parties, one appointed by each of us and ECC;

 &#149; 
 
 if resolution through the senior executives does not settle the
 dispute, the parties must generally make a good faith attempt to
 settle the dispute through mediation before resorting to binding
 arbitration; and

 &#149; 
 
 if resolution through the mediation fails, the parties can
 resort to binding arbitration.

 Termination. The separation agreement and any
 of the ancillary agreements may be terminated or the
 distribution may be amended, modified or abandoned, in each
 case, at any time prior to the effective time by and in the sole
 and absolute discretion of ECC, without our approval. In the
 event of such termination, neither party shall have any
 liability of any kind to the other party.

 Services
 Agreement 

 We anticipate entering into a services agreement with ECC under
 which ECC will have the right, but not the obligation, to
 receive logistics, procurement and quality assurance services
 from us. This agreement will have a term of no longer than two
 years, and the fees for the services provided under this
 agreement will be cost plus an agreed upon margin, which is
 believed to be fair market value pricing. This limited-term
 agreement is designed to facilitate the separation of us and ECC
 by allowing a period of time for ECC to provide these services
 for its own behalf. ECC may terminate the services agreement
 with respect to a particular service for any reason upon sixty
 days prior written notice.

 Tax
 Sharing Agreement 

 Prior to the spin-off date, we will enter into a tax sharing
 agreement with ECC which will govern our and ECC&#146;s
 respective rights, responsibilities and obligations after the
 spin-off with respect to taxes for the periods ending on or
 before the spin-off. Generally, all pre-spin-off taxes,
 including any taxes that are incurred as a result of
 restructuring activities undertaken to implement the spin-off,
 will be borne by ECC, and ECC will indemnify us for such taxes.
 However, ECC will not be liable for and will not indemnify us
 for any taxes that are incurred as a result of the spin-off or
 certain related transactions failing to qualify as tax-free
 distributions pursuant to any provision of Section 355 or
 Section 361 of the Code because of (i) a direct or
 indirect acquisition of any of our stock, stock options or
 assets (ii) any action that we take or fail to take or
 (iii) any action that we take that is inconsistent with the
 information and representations furnished to the IRS in
 connection with the request for the private letter ruling, or to
 counsel in connection with any opinion being delivered by
 counsel with respect to the spin-off or certain related
 transactions. In such case, we will be solely liable for, and
 will indemnify ECC for, any resulting taxes, as well as any
 losses, claims and expenses. The tax sharing agreement will only
 terminate after the later of the full period of all applicable
 statutes of limitations including extensions or once all rights
 and obligations are fully effectuated or performed.

 Transition
 Services Agreement 

 We anticipate entering into a transition services agreement with
 ECC pursuant to which ECC, or one of its subsidiaries, will
 provide certain transitional services to us. Under such
 transition services agreement, we will have the right, but not
 the obligation, to receive the following services from ECC or
 one of its subsidiaries: finance, information technology,
 benefits administration, travel and event coordination, human
 resources, human resources development (training), program
 management, internal audit and corporate quality, legal,
 accounting and tax, and other support services.

 We anticipate that the transition services agreement will have a
 term of no longer than two years and that the fees for the
 services provided under such agreement will be at cost plus an
 agreed upon margin, which is believed to be fair market value
 pricing. We may terminate the transition services agreement with
 respect to a particular service for any reason upon thirty days
 prior written notice. This limited-term agreement is designed to
 smooth our transition to a stand-alone public company.

 114

 Table of Contents 

 TT&#038;C
 Agreement 

 Following the spin-off, ECC or its subsidiaries will need us to
 provide telemetry, tracking and control (&#147;TT&#038;C&#148;)
 services to support ECC&#146;s satellite fleet. As a result, we
 will enter into a TT&#038;C agreement under which we will
 provide TT&#038;C services to ECC or its subsidiaries. The
 TT&#038;C agreement will have a term of two years. However, ECC
 will have the right, but not the obligation, to extend the
 agreement annually for up to an additional two years. The fees
 for the services to be provided under the TT&#038;C agreement
 will be cost plus an agreed upon margin, which is believed to be
 fair market value pricing. ECC may terminate the TT&#038;C
 agreement for any reason upon sixty days prior written notice.

 115

 Table of Contents 

 DESCRIPTION
 OF OUR CAPITAL STOCK 

 The following information reflects our certificate of
 incorporation and bylaws as these documents will be in effect at
 the time of the spin-off.

 General 

 Upon the completion of the distribution, we will be authorized
 to issue the following capital stock:

 &#149; 
 
 4,000,000,000 shares of common stock, of which
 1,600,000,000 shares are designated Class A common
 stock, 800,000,000 shares are designated Class B
 common stock, 800,000,000 shares are designated
 Class C common stock and 800,000,000 shares are
 designated Class D common stock; and

 &#149; 
 
 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock.

 A summary of the powers, preferences and rights of the shares of
 each class of common stock and preferred stock is described
 below.

 Our
 Class A Common Stock 

 Each holder of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote
 for each share owned of record on all matters submitted to a
 vote of stockholders. Except as otherwise required by law, the
 Class A common stock votes together with the Class B
 common stock, the Class C common stock and the preferred
 stock on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders.
 Subject to the preferential rights of any outstanding series of
 preferred stock and to any restrictions on the payment of
 dividends imposed under the terms of our indebtedness, the
 holders of Class A common stock are entitled to such
 dividends as may be declared from time to time by our board of
 directors from legally available funds and, together with the
 holders of the Class B common stock and the Class C
 common stock, are entitled, after payment of all prior claims,
 to receive pro rata all of our assets upon a liquidation.
 Holders of Class A common stock have no redemption,
 conversion or preemptive rights.

 Our
 Class B Common Stock 

 Each holder of Class B common stock is entitled to ten
 votes for each share of Class B common stock on all matters
 submitted to a vote of stockholders. Except as otherwise
 required by law, the Class B common stock votes together
 with the Class A common stock, the Class C common
 stock and the preferred stock on all matters submitted to a vote
 of the stockholders. Each share of Class B common stock is
 convertible, at the option of the holder, into one share of
 Class A common stock. The conversion ratio is subject to
 adjustment from time to time upon the occurrence of certain
 events, including: (i) dividends or distributions on
 Class A common stock payable in Class A common stock
 or certain other capital stock; (ii) subdivisions,
 combinations or certain reclassifications of Class A common
 stock; and (iii) issuances of rights, warrants or options
 to purchase Class A common stock at a price per share less
 than the fair market value of the Class A common stock.
 Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to receive
 dividends and distributions upon liquidation on a basis
 equivalent to that of the Class A common stock and
 Class C common stock.

 Our
 Class C Common Stock 

 Each holder of Class C common stock is entitled to one vote
 for each share of Class C common stock on all matters
 submitted to a vote of stockholders, except in the event of a
 change in control, in which case each Class C holder is
 entitled to ten votes per share. Except as otherwise required by
 law, the Class C common stock votes together with the
 Class A common stock, the Class B common stock and the
 preferred stock on all matters submitted to a vote of
 stockholders. Each share of Class C common stock is
 convertible into Class A common stock on the same terms as
 the Class B common stock. Each share of Class C common
 stock is entitled to receive dividends and distributions upon
 liquidation on a basis equivalent to that of the Class A
 common stock and Class B common stock. We do not currently
 intend to issue any shares of Class C common stock.

 116

 Table of Contents 

 Our
 Class D Common Stock 

 Each holder of Class D common stock is not entitled to a
 vote on any matter. Each share of Class D common stock is
 entitled to receive dividends and distributions upon liquidation
 on a basis equivalent to that of the Class A common stock.
 We do not currently intend to issue any shares of Class D
 common stock.

 Our
 Preferred Stock 

 Our board of directors is authorized to divide the preferred
 stock into series and, with respect to each series, to determine
 the preferences and rights and the qualifications, limitations
 or restrictions of the series, including the dividend rights,
 conversion rights, voting rights, redemption rights and terms,
 liquidation preferences, sinking fund provisions, the number of
 shares constituting the series and the designation of such
 series. Our board of directors may, without stockholder
 approval, issue additional preferred stock of existing or new
 series with voting and other rights that could adversely affect
 the voting power of the holders of common stock and could have
 certain anti-takeover effects.

 Provisions
 of Our Articles of Incorporation Relating to Related-Party
 Transactions and Corporate Opportunities 

 In order to address potential conflicts of interest between us
 and ECC, our articles of incorporation contain provisions
 regulating and defining the conduct of our affairs as they may
 involve ECC and its officers and directors, and our powers,
 rights, duties and liabilities and those of our officers,
 directors and shareholders in connection with our relationship
 with ECC. In general, these provisions recognize that we and ECC
 may engage in the same or similar business activities and lines
 of business, have an interest in the same areas of corporate
 opportunities and will continue to have contractual and business
 relations with each other, including officers and directors or
 both of ECC serving as our officers or directors or both.

 If one of our directors or officers who is also a director or
 officer of ECC learns of a potential transaction or matter that
 may be a corporate opportunity for both us and ECC, our amended
 and restated articles of incorporation provides that such
 director or officer is required to first present the opportunity
 to us only if (A) we have expressed an interest in such
 corporate opportunity as evidenced by resolutions appearing in
 the minutes of our board of directors; (B) such potential
 corporate opportunity was expressly offered to one of our
 directors or officers solely in his or her capacity as a
 director or officer of us or as a director or officer of any
 subsidiary of us; and (C) such opportunity relates to a
 line of business in which we or any subsidiary of us is then
 directly engaged.

 For purposes of our articles of incorporation, &#147;corporate
 opportunities&#148; include, but are not limited to, business
 opportunities that we are financially able to undertake, that
 are, from their nature, in our line of business, are of
 practical advantage to us and are ones in which we would have an
 interest or a reasonable expectancy.

 The corporate opportunity provisions in our articles of
 incorporation will expire on the date that no person who is a
 director or officer of us is also a director or officer of ECC.

 By becoming a shareholder in us, you will be deemed to have
 notice of and have consented to the provisions of our articles
 of incorporation related to corporate opportunities that are
 described above.

 Nevada
 Law and Limitations on Changes in Control 

 The Nevada Revised Statutes prevent an &#147;interested
 stockholder&#148; defined generally as a person owning 10% or
 more of a corporation&#146;s outstanding voting stock, from
 engaging in a &#147;combination&#148; with a Nevada corporation
 for three years following the date such person became an
 interested stockholder unless, before such person became an
 interested stockholder, the board of directors of the
 corporation approved the transaction in which the interested
 stockholder became an interested stockholder or approves the
 combination.

 The provisions authorizing our board of directors to issue
 preferred stock without stockholder approval and the provisions
 of the Nevada Revised Statutes relating to combinations with
 interested stockholders could have the effect of delaying,
 deferring or preventing a change in our control or the removal
 of our existing management.

 117

 Table of Contents 

 LIMITATION
 OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION MATTERS 

 Chapter 78.7502(1) of the Nevada Revised Statutes allows
 EHC to indemnify any person made or threatened to be made a
 party to any action (except an action by or in the right of EHC,
 a &#147;derivative action&#148;), by reason of the fact that he
 is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of EHC, or is
 or was serving at the request of EHC as a director, officer,
 employee or agent of another corporation, against expenses
 including attorneys&#146; fees, judgments, fines and amounts
 paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in
 connection with the action, suit or proceeding if he acted in a
 good faith manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not
 opposed to the best interests of EHC, and, with respect to any
 criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his
 conduct was unlawful. Under chapter 78.7502(2), a similar
 standard of care applies to derivative actions, except that
 indemnification is limited solely to expenses (including
 attorneys&#146; fees) incurred in connection with the defense or
 settlement of the action and court approval of the
 indemnification is required where the person is seeking advance
 payment of indemnifiable expenses prior to final disposition of
 the proceeding in question. Under chapter 78.751, decisions
 as to the payment of indemnification are made by a majority of
 the Board of Directors at a meeting at which quorum of
 disinterested director is present, or by written opinion of
 special legal counsel, or by the stockholders.

 Provisions relating to liability and indemnification of officers
 and directors of EHC for acts by such officers and directors are
 contained in Article IX of our Articles of Incorporation,
 which will be filed by amendment as Exhibit 3.1 hereto, and
 Article IX of our Bylaws, which will be filed by amendment
 as Exhibit 3.2 hereto, which are incorporated by reference.
 These provisions state, among other things, that, consistent
 with and to the extent allowable under Nevada law, and upon the
 decision of a disinterested majority of EHC&#146;s Board of
 Directors, or a written opinion of outside legal counsel, or our
 stockholders: (1) EHC shall indemnify any person who was or
 is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
 threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding,
 whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative and
 whether formal or informal (other than an action by or in the
 right of EHC) by reason of the fact that he is or was a
 director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of EHC, or is or
 was serving at the request of EHC as a director, employee,
 fiduciary or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
 venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise,
 against expenses (including attorneys&#146; fees), judgments,
 fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably
 incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or
 proceeding, if he conducted himself in good faith and in a
 manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the
 best interests of EHC, and with respect to any criminal action
 or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct
 was unlawful; and (2) EHC shall indemnify any person who
 was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
 threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the
 right of EHC to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the
 fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee, fiduciary
 or agent of EHC, or is or was serving at the request of EHC as a
 director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
 partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or
 other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys&#146;
 fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with
 the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in
 good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or
 not opposed to the best interests of EHC and except that no
 indemnification shall be made in respect to any claim, issue or
 matter as to which such person shall have adjudged to be liable
 for negligence or misconduct in the performance of his duty to
 EHC unless and only to the extent that the court in which such
 action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that
 despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all
 circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably
 entitled to indemnity for such expenses which such court shall
 deem proper.

 Transfer
 Agent and Registrar 

 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is
 Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

 Nasdaq
 Listing 

 We have applied to list our Class A common stock on the
 Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol
 &#147;[ ].&#148;

 118

 Table of Contents 

 WHERE
 YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 

 We have filed a registration statement on Form 10 with the
 SEC with respect to the shares of our common stock being
 distributed as contemplated by this information statement. This
 information statement is a part of, and does not contain all of
 the information set forth in, the registration statement and the
 exhibits and schedules to the registration statement. For
 further information with respect to our company and our common
 stock, please refer to the registration statement, including its
 exhibits and schedules. Statements made in this information
 statement relating to any contract or other document are not
 necessarily complete, and you should refer to the exhibits
 attached to the registration statement for copies of the actual
 contract or document. You may review a copy of the registration
 statement, including its exhibits and schedules, at the
 SEC&#146;s public reference room, located at 100 F Street,
 N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, as well as on the Internet
 website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Information
 contained on any website referenced in this information
 statement is not incorporated by reference in this information
 statement.

 As a result of the distribution, we will become subject to the
 information and reporting requirements of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934 and, in accordance with the Exchange Act,
 we will file periodic reports, proxy statements and other
 information with the SEC.

 You may request a copy of any of our filings with the SEC at no
 cost, by writing or telephoning the office of:

 Investor Relations

 EchoStar Holding Corporation

 90 Inverness Circle E.

 Englewood, Colorado 80112

 Telephone:
 (303) 723-1000 

 We intend to furnish holders of our common stock with annual
 reports containing combined financial statements prepared in
 accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
 principles and audited and reported on, with an opinion
 expressed, by an independent public accounting firm.

 You should rely only on the information contained in this
 information statement or to which we have referred you. We have
 not authorized any person to provide you with different
 information or to make any representation not contained in this
 information statement.

 119

 Table of Contents 

 INDEX
 TO FINANCIAL TABLES OF ECHOSTAR HOLDING CORPORATION 

 Page 

 Combined Financial Statements of EchoStar Holding
 Corporation: 

 Report of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm 

 F-2

 Combined Balance Sheets at September 30,
 2007 (unaudited) and December 31, 2006 and 2005 

 F-3

 Combined Statements of Operations and
 Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007 and 2006 (unaudited) and for each of the
 years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

 F-4

 Combined Statements of Net Investment in EchoStar
 Holding Corporation for the years ended December 31, 2004,
 2005 and 2006 and for the nine months ended September 30,
 2007 (unaudited) 

 F-5

 Combined Statements of Cash Flows for the nine
 months ended September 30, 2007 and 2006 (unaudited) and
 for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 

 F-6

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements 

 F-7

 F-1

 Table of Contents 

 REPORT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 The Board of Directors and Stockholders

 EchoStar Communications Corporation

 EchoStar Holding Corporation:

 We have audited the accompanying combined balance sheets of
 EchoStar Holding Corporation (the Company) as of
 December 31, 2006 and 2005, and the related combined
 statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss),
 statements of net investment and cash flows for each of the
 years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2006.
 These combined financial statements are the responsibility of
 the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express
 an opinion on these combined financial statements based on our
 audits.

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
 test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
 the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
 statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
 reasonable basis for our opinion.

 In our opinion, the combined financial statements referred to
 above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
 position of EchoStar Holding Corporation as of December 31,
 2006 and 2005, and the results of their operations and their
 cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended
 December 31, 2006, in conformity with U.S. generally
 accepted accounting principles.

 As discussed in note 3 to the accompanying combined
 financial statements, effective January 1, 2006, the
 Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment.

 /s/ KPMG LLP

 Denver, Colorado

 November 6, 2007

 F-2

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 COMBINED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

 As of 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 2005 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Dollars in thousands, except 

 per share amounts) 

 ASSETS 

 Current Assets: 

 Cash and cash equivalents

 $

 33,734

 $

 29,621

 $

 16,242

 Marketable investment securities

 497,019

 293,955

 89,867

 Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful
 accounts of $347 (unaudited), $823, and $243, respectively

 38,511

 19,062

 18,963

 Inventories, net

 13,055

 2,726

 507

 Other current assets

 10,215

 2,329

 1,119

 Total current assets

 592,534

 347,693

 126,698

 Restricted cash

 &#151;

 &#151;

 1,581

 Property and equipment, net

 187,217

 70,510

 26,290

 FCC authorizations

 42,873

 42,873

 42,874

 Intangible assets, net

 11,037

 11,919

 13,096

 Investment in affiliates

 81,391

 40,254

 18,853

 Other noncurrent assets, net

 4,572

 4,572

 &#151;

 Total assets

 $

 919,624

 $

 517,821

 $

 229,392

 LIABILITIES AND OWNER&#146;S EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 Current Liabilities: 

 Trade accounts payable

 $

 31,384

 $

 3,095

 $

 2,171

 Accrued expenses and other

 24,171

 12,152

 9,594

 Current portion of mortgage

 &#151;

 &#151;

 105

 Total current liabilities

 55,555

 15,247

 11,870

 Long-term obligations, net of current portion: 

 Mortgage, net of current portion

 &#151;

 &#151;

 390

 Deferred tax liabilities

 301

 291

 &#151;

 Total long-term obligations, net of current portion

 301

 291

 390

 Total liabilities

 55,856

 15,538

 12,260

 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 7)

 Net investment in EHC (Owner&#146;s Equity (Deficit)): 

 Preferred Stock of EHC, $.001 par value,
 20,000,000 shares authorized

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 EHC Class A common stock, $.001 par value,
 1,600,000,000 shares authorized

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 EHC Class B common stock, $.001 par value,
 800,000,000 shares authorized

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 EHC Class C common stock, $.001 par value,
 800,000,000 shares authorized

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 EHC Class D common stock, $.001 par value,
 800,000,000 shares authorized

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

 103,863

 63,805

 4,063

 Owner&#146;s net investment

 759,905

 438,478

 213,069

 Total net investment in EHC (Owner&#146;s equity (deficit))

 863,768

 502,283

 217,132

 Total liabilities and net investment in EHC (Owner&#146;s equity
 (deficit))

 $

 919,624

 $

 517,821

 $

 229,392

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these combined
 financial statements.

 F-3

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 COMBINED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

 For the Nine Months 

 Ended September 30, 

 For The Years Ended December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands) 

 Revenue: 

 Equipment and other sales &#151; ECC

 $

 1,019,729

 $

 948,683

 $

 1,288,691

 $

 1,295,861

 $

 1,543,513

 Equipment sales

 163,039

 184,216

 236,629

 217,830

 176,578

 Total revenue

 1,182,768

 1,132,899

 1,525,320

 1,513,691

 1,720,091

 Costs and Expenses: 

 Cost of equipment and other sales

 1,121,067

 1,065,216

 1,440,178

 1,438,629

 1,650,775

 Research and development

 40,634

 39,093

 56,451

 45,928

 39,809

 General and administrative (Note 12)

 56,844

 43,973

 60,106

 56,366

 65,059

 Depreciation and amortization

 4,391

 4,593

 6,032

 5,832

 5,071

 Total costs and expenses

 1,222,936

 1,152,875

 1,562,767

 1,546,755

 1,760,714

 Operating income (loss)

 (40,168

 )

 (19,976

 )

 (37,447

 )

 (33,064

 )

 (40,623

 )

 Other Income (Expense): 

 Interest income

 2,861

 568

 831

 252

 349

 Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized (Note 12)

 (785

 )

 (785

 )

 (1,059

 )

 (1,088

 )

 (1,123

 )

 Other

 782

 188

 6,588

 (10,109

 )

 (1,412

 )

 Total other income (expense)

 2,858

 (29

 )

 6,360

 (10,945

 )

 (2,186

 )

 Income (loss) before income taxes

 (37,310

 )

 (20,005

 )

 (31,087

 )

 (44,009

 )

 (42,809

 )

 Income tax (provision) benefit, net

 (2,633

 )

 (481

 )

 (3,075

 )

 (931

 )

 (428

 )

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (39,943

 )

 $

 (20,486

 )

 $

 (34,162

 )

 $

 (44,940

 )

 $

 (43,237

 )

 Foreign currency translation adjustments

 694

 (873

 )

 (1,430

 )

 1,227

 (948

 )

 Unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale
 securities

 42,412

 14,895

 61,206

 (11,769

 )

 1,218

 Recognition of previously unrealized (gains) losses on
 available-for-sale securities included in net income (loss)

 (3,048

 )

 (135

 )

 (34

 )

 (30,956

 )

 &#151;

 Comprehensive income (loss)

 $

 115

 $

 (6,599

 )

 $

 25,580

 $

 (86,438

 )

 $

 (42,967

 )

 F-4

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 COMBINED
 STATEMENTS OF NET INVESTMENT IN ECHOSTAR HOLDING
 CORPORATION 

 Accumulated 

 Other 

 Net 

 Comprehensive 

 Investment 

 Income (Loss) 

 in EHC 

 Total 

 (In thousands) 

 Balance, December 31, 2003 

 $

 45,291

 $

 184,731

 $

 230,022

 Net income (loss)

 &#151;

 (43,237

 )

 (43,237

 )

 Advances from owner

 &#151;

 71,398

 71,398

 Foreign currency translation

 (948

 )

 &#151;

 (948

 )

 Change in unrealized holding gains (losses) on
 available-for-sale securities, net

 1,218

 &#151;

 1,218

 Balance, December 31, 2004 

 $

 45,561

 $

 212,892

 $

 258,453

 Net income (loss)

 &#151;

 (44,940

 )

 (44,940

 )

 Advances from owner

 &#151;

 45,117

 45,117

 Foreign currency translation

 1,227

 &#151;

 1,227

 Change in unrealized holding gains (losses) on
 available-for-sale securities, net

 (42,725

 )

 &#151;

 (42,725

 )

 Balance, December 31, 2005 

 $

 4,063

 $

 213,069

 $

 217,132

 Net income (loss)

 &#151;

 (34,162

 )

 (34,162

 )

 Advances from owner

 &#151;

 256,411

 256,411

 Stock-based compensation, net of tax

 &#151;

 3,160

 3,160

 Foreign currency translation

 (1,430

 )

 &#151;

 (1,430

 )

 Change in unrealized holding gains (losses) on
 available-for-sale securities, net

 61,172

 &#151;

 61,172

 Balance, December 31, 2006 

 $

 63,805

 $

 438,478

 $

 502,283

 Net income (loss)

 &#151;

 (39,943

 )

 (39,943

 )

 Advances from owner

 &#151;

 358,505

 358,505

 Stock-based compensation, net of tax

 &#151;

 2,865

 2,865

 Foreign currency translation

 694

 &#151;

 694

 Change in unrealized holding gains (losses) on
 available-for-sale securities, net

 39,364

 &#151;

 39,364

 Balance, September 30, 2007 (unaudited) 

 $

 103,863

 $

 759,905

 $

 863,768

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these combined
 financial statements.

 F-5

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 COMBINED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For the Nine Months 

 Ended September 30, 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands) 

 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (39,943

 )

 $

 (20,486

 )

 $

 (34,162

 )

 $

 (44,940

 )

 $

 (43,237

 )

 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash flows
 from operating activities: 

 Depreciation and amortization

 4,391

 4,593

 6,032

 5,832

 5,071

 Equity in losses (earnings) of affiliates

 (478

 )

 (697

 )

 (1,953

 )

 (5,315

 )

 (9,537

 )

 Realized losses (gains) on investments

 (4,533

 )

 (2,032

 )

 (8,706

 )

 8,482

 &#151;

 Non-cash, stock-based compensation recognized

 2,865

 2,440

 3,160

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Deferred tax expense (benefit)

 10

 10

 291

 (247

 )

 &#151;

 Other, net

 850

 (977

 )

 (890

 )

 3,681

 2,651

 Change in noncurrent assets

 &#151;

 (100

 )

 (100

 )

 &#151;

 2,183

 Changes in current assets and current liabilities:

 Trade accounts receivable

 (18,972

 )

 10,041

 (679

 )

 18,965

 (14,875

 )

 Allowance for doubtful accounts

 (477

 )

 421

 580

 (297

 )

 78

 Inventories

 (10,329

 )

 (10,396

 )

 (2,219

 )

 5,708

 (2,755

 )

 Other current assets

 (7,968

 )

 (750

 )

 (1,211

 )

 671

 (20,664

 )

 Trade accounts payable

 28,288

 (884

 )

 925

 (6,028

 )

 3,455

 Accrued expenses and other

 12,020

 15,037

 2,558

 (705

 )

 (1,286

 )

 Net cash flows from operating activities

 (34,276

 )

 (3,780

 )

 (36,374

 )

 (14,193

 )

 (78,916

 )

 Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

 Purchases of property and equipment

 (120,076

 )

 (19,586

 )

 (32,769

 )

 (4,250

 )

 (5,935

 )

 Change in restricted cash

 &#151;

 (33,321

 )

 1,581

 119

 (177

 )

 Purchase of technology-based intangibles

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (14,000

 )

 &#151;

 Purchases of non-marketable investments

 (40,000

 )

 19,541

 19,541

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Other

 (160

 )

 (3,505

 )

 4,052

 1,431

 493

 Net cash flows from investing activities

 (160,236

 )

 (75,953

 )

 (54,781

 )

 (16,700

 )

 (5,619

 )

 Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

 Changes in advances from owner

 198,625

 91,555

 105,030

 39,933

 71,281

 Repayment of mortgage

 &#151;

 (379

 )

 (496

 )

 (151

 )

 (1,566

 )

 Net cash flows from financing activities

 198,625

 91,176

 104,534

 39,782

 69,715

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

 4,113

 11,443

 13,379

 8,889

 (14,820

 )

 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period

 29,621

 16,242

 16,242

 7,353

 22,173

 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period

 $

 33,734

 $

 27,685

 $

 29,621

 $

 16,242

 $

 7,353

 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

 Cash paid for interest

 $

 138

 $

 72

 $

 1,114

 $

 1,030

 $

 733

 Cash received for interest

 $

 974

 $

 561

 $

 830

 $

 253

 $

 348

 Cash paid for income taxes

 $

 91

 $

 380

 $

 2,525

 $

 &#151;

 $

 618

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these combined
 financial statements.

 F-6

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NINE
 MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2007 AND 2006 (UNAUDITED) AND 

 THE YEARS
 ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2006, 2005 AND 2005 

 1. 

 Organization
 and Business Activities 

 On September 25, 2007, EchoStar Communications Corporation
 (&#147;ECC&#148;) announced its intention to separate its
 technology and certain infrastructure assets into a separate
 publicly-traded company. We were incorporated in Nevada on
 October 12, 2007 to effect the separation. We will have no
 material assets or activities as a separate corporate entity
 until the contribution to us by ECC, prior to the completion of
 the spin-off, of the businesses and assets described in this
 information statement. Our historical combined financial
 statements reflect the historical financial position and results
 of operations of entities included in consolidated financial
 statements of ECC, representing almost exclusively ECC&#146;s
 set-top box business, using the historical results of operations
 and historical bases of assets and liabilities of this business.
 However, our historical combined financial statements do not
 include certain satellites, uplink and satellite transmission
 assets, real estate and other assets and related liabilities
 that will be contributed to us by ECC in the spin-off. These
 assets and liabilities, which will primarily comprise our fixed
 satellite services business. The financial condition and results
 of operations of our fixed satellite services business have not
 been included in our historical combined financial statements
 because our fixed satellite services business was operated as an
 integral part of ECC&#146;s subscription television business and
 did not constitute a &#147;business&#148; in the historical
 financial statements of ECC. Our historical financial data also
 does not include financial information of Sling Media, Inc.,
 which was recently acquired by ECC and will be contributed to us
 in the spin-off.

 Organization
 and Legal Structure 

 The following table summarizes our significant affiliates
 included in our combined financial statements as of
 September 30, 2007:

 Referred to 

 Legal Entity 

 Herein As 

 EchoStar Holding Corporation

 EHC

 EchoStar Technologies Corporation

 ETC

 EchoStar Technology Holdings Corporation

 ETH

 EchoStar Data Networks Corporation

 EDN

 EchoStar International Corporation

 EIC

 EchoStar Asia Holdings Corporation

 EAH

 EchoStar Asia Satellite Corporation

 EAS

 EchoStar UK Holdings, Ltd. 

 EUK

 2. 

 Summary
 of Significant Accounting Policies 

 Basis
 of Presentation 

 The combined financial statements, which are discussed below,
 reflect the historical financial position, results of operations
 and cash flows of the entities included in the consolidated
 financial statements and accounting records of ECC, principally
 representing the digital set-top box and other related products
 segment, using the historical results of operations and the
 historical basis of assets and liabilities of our business. The
 historical combined financial statements do not include
 ECC&#146;s infrastructure assets and operations to be
 contributed to us as part of the spin-off such as certain
 satellites, uplink and satellite transmission assets, real
 estate and other assets and related liabilities. All significant
 intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated.
 Earnings per share has not been presented in these combined
 financial statements.

 F-7

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 The combined statements of operations include expense
 allocations for certain corporate functions historically
 provided to us by ECC, including, among other things, treasury,
 tax, accounting and reporting, risk management, legal, internal
 audit, human resources, investor relations and information
 technology. In certain cases, these allocations were made on a
 specific identification basis. Otherwise, the expenses related
 to services provided to us by ECC were allocated to us based on
 the relative percentages, as compared to ECC&#146;s other
 businesses, of headcount or other appropriate methods depending
 on the nature of each item of cost to be allocated. Pursuant to
 transition services agreements we will enter into with ECC prior
 to the spin-off, ECC will continue to provide us with certain of
 these services at prices agreed upon by ECC and us for a period
 of two years from the date of the spin-off at cost plus an
 agreed upon margin, which is believed to be fair market value
 pricing. We will arrange to procure other services pursuant to
 arrangements with third parties.

 We believe the assumptions underlying the combined financial
 statements are reasonable. However, the combined financial
 statements included herein will not reflect our future results
 of operations, financial position and cash flows or reflect what
 our results of operations, financial position and cash flows
 would have been had we been a separate, stand-alone company
 during the periods presented. Our fixed satellite services
 assets and Sling Media acquisition are not reflected in our
 historical financial statements included herein because they
 were not historically operated as part of the business of ECC.

 Unaudited
 Interim Financial Information 

 The accompanying unaudited combined financial statements as of
 September 30, 2007 and for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007 and 2006 have been prepared in
 accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
 United States (&#147;U.S.&#148;) and with the instructions to
 Form 10-Q 
 and Article 10 of
 Regulation S-X. 
 The unaudited combined financial statements as of
 September 30, 2007 and for the nine month periods ended
 September 30, 2007 and 2006 have been prepared on the same
 basis as the combined financial statements as of
 December 31, 2006 and 2005 and for each of the years in the
 three year period ended December 31, 2006 included herein,
 and in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments,
 consisting only of normal and recurring accruals, considered
 necessary to present fairly our combined financial position as
 of September 30, 2007 and the combined results of
 operations and cash flows for the nine month periods ended
 September 30, 2007 and 2006. The combined results of
 operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2007 are
 not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected
 for the year ending December 31, 2007 or for any other
 period.

 Principles
 of Consolidation/Combination 

 We have included in the combined financial statements all
 majority owned subsidiaries and investments in entities in which
 we have controlling influence. Non-majority owned investments
 are accounted for using the equity method when we have the
 ability to significantly influence the operating decisions of
 the issuer. When we do not have the ability to significantly
 influence the operating decisions of an issuer, the cost method
 is used. For entities that are considered variable interest
 entities we apply the provisions of Financial Accounting
 Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Interpretation
 No. 46-R, 
 &#147;Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities &#151; An
 Interpretation of ARB No. 51&#148;
 (&#147;FIN 46-R&#148;). 
 All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been
 eliminated in consolidation.

 Use of
 Estimates 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 (&#147;GAAP&#148;) requires us to make estimates and assumptions
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
 the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and
 expenses for each reporting period. Estimates are used in
 accounting for, among other things, allowances for uncollectible
 accounts, inventory allowances, warranty reserve

 F-8

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 obligations, self-insurance obligations, deferred taxes and
 related valuation allowances, loss contingencies, fair values of
 financial instruments, fair value of options granted under our
 stock-based compensation plans, fair value of assets and
 liabilities acquired in business combinations, asset
 impairments, useful lives of property, equipment and intangible
 assets, and royalty obligations. Actual results may differ from
 previously estimated amounts, and such differences may be
 material to the Combined Financial Statements. Estimates and
 assumptions are reviewed periodically, and the effects of
 revisions are reflected prospectively beginning in the period
 they occur.

 Foreign
 Currency Translation 

 The functional currency of the majority of our foreign
 subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar because their sales and
 purchases are predominantly denominated in that currency.
 However, for our subsidiaries where the functional currency is
 the local currency, we translate assets and liabilities into
 U.S. dollars at the period-end exchange rate and revenue
 and expenses based on the exchange rates at the time such
 transactions arise, if known, or at the average rate for the
 period. The difference is recorded to equity as a component of
 other comprehensive income (loss). Financial assets and
 liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional
 currency are recorded at the exchange rate at the time of the
 transaction and subsequent gains and losses related to changes
 in the foreign currency are included in other miscellaneous
 income and expense. Net transaction gains (losses) during 2006,
 2005 and 2004 were not significant.

 Cash
 and Cash Equivalents 

 We consider all liquid investments purchased with an original
 maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. Cash
 equivalents as of September 30, 2007 and December 31,
 2006 and 2005 consist of money market funds. The cost of these
 investments approximates their fair value.

 Marketable
 and Non-Marketable Investment Securities and Restricted
 Cash 

 We currently classify all marketable investment securities as
 available-for-sale. We adjust the carrying value of our
 available-for-sale securities to fair value and report the
 related temporary unrealized gains and losses as a separate
 component of &#147;Accumulated other comprehensive income
 (loss)&#148; within &#147;Total owner&#146;s equity
 (deficit),&#148; net of related deferred income tax. Declines in
 the fair value of a marketable investment security which are
 estimated to be &#147;other than temporary&#148; are recognized
 in the Combined Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
 Income (Loss), thus establishing a new cost basis for such
 investment. We evaluate our marketable investment securities
 portfolio on a quarterly basis to determine whether declines in
 the fair value of these securities are other than temporary.
 This quarterly evaluation consists of reviewing, among other
 things, the fair value of our marketable investment securities
 compared to the carrying amount, the historical volatility of
 the price of each security and any market and company specific
 factors related to each security. Generally, absent specific
 factors to the contrary, declines in the fair value of
 investments below cost basis for a continuous period of less
 than six months are considered to be temporary. Declines in the
 fair value of investments for a continuous period of six to nine
 months are evaluated on a case by case basis to determine
 whether any company or market-specific factors exist which would
 indicate that such declines are other than temporary. Declines
 in the fair value of investments below cost basis for a
 continuous period greater than nine months are considered other
 than temporary and are recorded as charges to earnings, absent
 specific factors to the contrary.

 As of September 30, 2007 and December 31, 2006, we had
 gains net of related tax effect of $104.5 million and
 $65.2 million as a part of &#147;Accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss)&#148; within &#147;Total
 owner&#146;s equity (deficit),&#148; respectively. During the
 nine months ended September 30, 2007 and 2006, we did not
 record any charge to earnings for other than temporary declines
 in the fair value of our marketable investment securities. In
 addition, during the nine months ended September 30, 2007
 and 2006, we recognized in our Combined

 F-9

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 realized and net gains on marketable investment securities of
 $5.0 million and $2.0 million, respectively. During
 the nine months ended September 30, 2007, our strategic
 investments have experienced and continue to experience
 volatility. If the fair value of our strategic marketable
 investment securities portfolio does not remain above cost basis
 or if we become aware of any market or company specific factors
 that indicate that the carrying value of certain of our
 securities is impaired, we may be required to record charges to
 earnings in future periods equal to the amount of the decline in
 fair value.

 The fair value of our strategic marketable investment securities
 aggregated $497.0 million and $294.0 million as of
 September 30, 2007 and December 31, 2006,
 respectively. These investments are highly speculative and are
 concentrated in a small number of companies. During the nine
 months ended September 30, 2007, our strategic investments
 have experienced and continue to experience volatility. If the
 fair value of our strategic marketable investment securities
 portfolio does not remain above cost basis or if we become aware
 of any market or company specific factors that indicate that the
 carrying value of certain of our securities is impaired, we may
 be required to record charges to earnings in future periods
 equal to the amount of the decline in fair value.

 Non-Marketable
 Investments 

 We also have several strategic investments in certain
 non-marketable equity securities which are included in
 &#147;Investment in affiliates&#148; on our Combined Balance
 Sheets. Generally, we account for our unconsolidated equity
 investments under either the equity method or cost method of
 accounting. Because these equity securities are generally not
 publicly traded, it is not practical to regularly estimate the
 fair value of the investments; however, these investments are
 subject to an evaluation for other than temporary impairment on
 a quarterly basis. This quarterly evaluation consists of
 reviewing, among other things, company business plans and
 current financial statements, if available, for factors that may
 indicate an impairment of our investment. Such factors may
 include, but are not limited to, cash flow concerns, material
 litigation, violations of debt covenants and changes in business
 strategy. The fair value of these equity investments is not
 estimated unless there are identified changes in circumstances
 that may indicate an impairment exists and these changes are
 likely to have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of
 the investment. As of September 30, 2007 and
 December 31, 2006, we had $81.4 million and
 $40.3 million aggregate carrying amount of non-marketable
 and unconsolidated strategic equity investments, respectively,
 of which $60.4 million and $19.5 million are accounted
 for under the cost method, respectively. During the nine months
 ended September 30, 2007 and 2006, we did not record any
 impairment charges with respect to these investments.

 Our ability to realize value from our strategic investments in
 companies that are not publicly-traded is dependent on the
 success of their business and their ability to obtain sufficient
 capital to execute their business plans. Because private markets
 are not as liquid as public markets, there is also increased
 risk that we will not be able to sell these investments, or that
 when we desire to sell them we will not be able to obtain fair
 value for them.

 Restricted
 Cash 

 As of December 31, 2005, restricted cash included amounts
 set aside as collateral for the construction of a new facility.

 Inventories 

 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market value.
 Cost is determined using the
 first-in, 
 first-out method. Proprietary products are built by contract
 manufacturers to our specifications. We depend on a few
 manufacturers, and in some cases a single manufacturer, for the
 production of our set-top boxes and related

 F-10

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 components. Manufactured inventories include materials, labor,
 freight-in, royalties and manufacturing overhead.

 Inventories consist of the following (in thousands):

 As of 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 2005 

 (unaudited) 

 Finished goods

 $

 5,682

 $

 945

 $

 1,191

 Raw materials

 137

 81

 81

 Work-in-process 

 72

 1,661

 67

 Consignment

 7,613

 488

 78

 Inventory allowance

 (449

 )

 (449

 )

 (910

 )

 Inventories, net

 $

 13,055

 $

 2,726

 $

 507

 Property
 and Equipment 

 Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is
 recorded on a straight-line basis over lives ranging from one to
 forty years. Repair and maintenance costs are charged to expense
 when incurred. Renewals and betterments are capitalized.

 Long-Lived
 Assets 

 We account for impairments of long-lived assets in accordance
 with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting
 Standards No. 144, &#147;Accounting for the Impairment or
 Disposal of Long-Lived Assets&#148; (&#147;SFAS 144&#148;).
 We review our long-lived assets and identifiable intangible
 assets for impairment whenever events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may
 not be recoverable. For assets which are held and used in
 operations, the asset would be impaired if the carrying value of
 the asset (or asset group) exceeded its undiscounted future net
 cash flows. Once an impairment is determined, the actual
 impairment is reported as the difference between the carrying
 value and the fair value as estimated using discounted cash
 flows. Assets which are to be disposed of are reported at the
 lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.
 We consider relevant cash flow, estimated future operating
 results, trends and other available information in assessing
 whether the carrying value of assets are recoverable.

 Goodwill,
 Intangible Assets and FCC Authorizations 

 We account for our goodwill and intangible assets in accordance
 with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting
 Standards No. 142, &#147;Goodwill and Other Intangible
 Assets&#148; (&#147;SFAS 142&#148;), which requires
 goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives not
 be amortized, but to be tested for impairment annually or
 whenever indicators of impairments arise. Intangible assets that
 have finite lives continue to be amortized over their estimated
 useful lives.

 We have determined that our FCC licenses have indefinite useful
 lives and evaluate impairment in accordance with the guidance of
 EITF Issue
 No. 02-7, 
 &#147;Unit of Accounting for Testing Impairment of
 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets&#148;
 (&#147;EITF 02-7&#148;). 
 In conducting our annual impairment testing, we determined that
 the estimated fair value of our FCC licenses, calculated using
 the discounted cash flow analysis, exceeded their carrying
 amount.

 F-11

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 As of September 30, 2007 and December 31, 2006 and
 2005, our identifiable intangibles subject to amortization
 consisted of the following:

 As of 

 September 30, 2007 

 December 31, 2006 

 December 31, 2005 

 Intangible 

 Accumulated 

 Intangible 

 Accumulated 

 Intangible 

 Accumulated 

 Assets 

 Amortization 

 Assets 

 Amortization 

 Assets 

 Amortization 

 (In thousands) 

 Contract-based

 $

 140

 $

 (89

 )

 $

 140

 $

 (82

 )

 $

 140

 $

 (72

 )

 Technology-based

 14,000

 (3,014

 )

 14,000

 (2,139

 )

 14,000

 (972

 )

 Total

 $

 14,140

 $

 (3,103

 )

 $

 14,140

 $

 (2,221

 )

 $

 14,140

 $

 (1,044

 )

 Amortization of these intangible assets, recorded on a straight
 line basis over an average finite useful life primarily ranging
 from approximately twelve to fourteen years, was
 $0.9 million for the nine months ended September 30,
 2007 and $1.2 million and $0.9 million for the years
 ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

 Estimated future amortization of our identifiable intangible
 assets as of September 30, 2007 is as follows
 (in thousands):

 For the Years Ending December 31, 

 2007 (remaining three months)

 $

 294

 2008

 1,177

 2009

 1,177

 2010

 1,177

 2011

 1,177

 2012

 1,175

 Thereafter

 4,860

 Total

 $

 11,037

 Sales
 Taxes 

 In accordance with the guidance of EITF Issue
 No. 06-3, 
 &#147;How Taxes Collected from Customers and Remitted to
 Governmental Authorities Should Be Presented in the Income
 Statement&#148;
 (&#147;EITF 06-3&#148;), 
 we account for sales taxes imposed on our goods and services on
 a net basis in our &#147;Combined Statements of Operations and
 Comprehensive Income (Loss).&#148; Since we primarily act as an
 agent for the governmental authorities, the amount charged to
 the customer is collected and remitted directly to the
 appropriate jurisdictional entity.

 Income
 Taxes 

 We establish a provision for income taxes currently payable or
 receivable and for income tax amounts deferred to future periods
 in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 109, &#147;Accounting for Income Taxes&#148;
 (&#147;SFAS 109&#148;). SFAS 109 requires that
 deferred tax assets or liabilities be recorded for the estimated
 future tax effects of differences that exist between the book
 and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are
 offset by valuation allowances in accordance with SFAS 109,
 when we believe it is more likely than not that such net
 deferred tax assets will not be realized.

 SFAS No. 109 specifies that the amount of current and
 deferred tax expense for an income tax return group shall be
 allocated among the members of that group when those members
 issue separate financial statements. For purposes of the
 financial statements, EHC income tax expense has been recorded
 as if it filed a consolidated tax return separate from ECC,
 notwithstanding that a majority of the operations were
 historically

 F-12

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 included in the U.S. consolidated income tax return filed
 by ECC. EHC&#146;s valuation allowance was also determined on
 the separate tax return basis. Additionally, EHC&#146;s tax
 attributes (i.e. net operating losses) have been determined
 based on U.S. consolidated tax rules describing the
 apportioning of these items upon departure (i.e. spin off) from
 the ECC consolidated group.

 ECC manages its tax position for the benefit of its entire
 portfolio of businesses. ECC&#146;s tax strategies are not
 necessarily reflective of the tax strategies that EHC would have
 followed or will follow as a stand-alone company, nor were they
 necessarily strategies that optimized EHC&#146;s stand-alone
 position. As a result, EHC&#146;s effective tax rate as a
 stand-alone entity may differ significantly from those
 prevailing in historical periods.

 Fair
 Value of Financial Instruments 

 As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, the book value
 approximates fair value for cash and cash equivalents, trade
 accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, and
 current liabilities due to their short-term nature. Also, the
 book value is equal to fair value for marketable securities as
 of December 31, 2006 and 2005.

 Revenue
 Recognition 

 We recognize revenue when an arrangement exists, prices are
 determinable, collectibility is reasonably assured and the goods
 or services have been delivered.

 Cost
 of Equipment and Other Sales 

 Cost of equipment sales associated with set-top boxes and
 related components includes materials, labor, freight-in,
 royalties and manufacturing overhead. ETC and EIC have designed
 and developed digital set-top boxes, antennae and other
 equipment for ECC and international satellite service providers
 and other international customers. Historically, digital set-top
 boxes and related components were sold to ECC at cost.

 New
 Accounting Pronouncements 

 We adopted the provisions of FASB Interpretation No. 48,
 &#147;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes &#151; an
 Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109&#148;
 (&#147;FIN 48&#148;), on January 1, 2007. FIN 48
 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes
 recognized in an enterprise&#146;s financial statements in
 accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 109, &#147;Accounting for Income Taxes,&#148; and
 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for
 financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax
 position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
 FIN 48 also provides guidance on derecognition,
 classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim
 periods, disclosure and transition.

 In addition to filing federal income tax returns, we and one or
 more of our subsidiaries file income tax returns in all states
 that impose an income tax and a small number of foreign
 jurisdictions where we have operations. We are subject to
 U.S. federal, state and local income tax examinations by
 tax authorities for the years beginning in 1996 due to the
 carryover of previously incurred net operating losses. As of
 September 30, 2007, no taxing authority has proposed any
 significant adjustments to our tax positions. We have no
 significant current tax examinations in process.

 As a result of the implementation of FIN 48, we recognized
 no adjustment to &#147;Accumulated earnings (deficit).&#148; We
 have $8.7 million in unrecognized tax benefits that, if
 recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. We do not
 expect that the unrecognized tax benefit will change
 significantly within the next 12 months.

 In September 2006, the FASB issued Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. No. 157, &#147;Fair Value
 Measurements&#148; (&#147;SFAS 157&#148;) which defines
 fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and
 expands disclosures about fair value

 F-13

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 measurements. This pronouncement applies to other accounting
 standards that require or permit fair value measurements.
 Accordingly, this statement does not require any new fair value
 measurement. This statement is effective for fiscal years
 beginning after November 15, 2007, and interim periods
 within that fiscal year. We are currently evaluating the impact
 the adoption of SFAS 157 will have on our financial
 position and results of operations.

 In February 2007, the FASB issued Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 159, &#147;The Fair Value Option
 for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities&#148;
 (&#147;SFAS 159&#148;), which permits entities to choose to
 measure financial instruments and certain other items at fair
 value. This statement is effective as of the beginning of an
 entity&#146;s first fiscal year that begins after
 November 15, 2007. We are currently evaluating the impact
 the adoption of SFAS 159 will have on our financial
 position and results of operations.

 3. 

 Stock-Based
 Compensation 

 In December 2004, the FASB issued Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 123R (As Amended),
 &#147;Share-Based Payment&#148; (&#147;SFAS 123R&#148;)
 which (i) revises Statement of Financial Accounting
 Standards No. 123, &#147;Accounting and Disclosure of
 Stock-Based Compensation,&#148; (&#147;SFAS 123&#148;) to
 eliminate both the disclosure only provisions of that statement
 and the alternative to follow the intrinsic value method of
 accounting under Accounting Principles Board Opinion
 No. 25, &#147;Accounting for Stock Issued to
 Employees&#148; (&#147;APB 25&#148;) and related
 interpretations, and (ii) requires the cost resulting from
 all share-based payment transactions with employees be
 recognized in the results of operations over the period during
 which an employee provides the requisite service in exchange for
 the award and establishes fair value as the measurement basis of
 the cost of such transactions. Effective January 1, 2006,
 we adopted SFAS 123R under the modified prospective method.

 Prior to January 1, 2006, we applied the intrinsic value
 method of accounting under APB 25 and applied the disclosure
 only provisions of SFAS 123. Pro forma information
 regarding net income and earnings per share was required by
 SFAS 123 and has been determined as if we had accounted for
 our stock-based compensation plans using the fair value method
 prescribed by that statement. For purposes of pro forma
 disclosures, the estimated fair value of the options was
 amortized to expense over the options&#146; vesting period on a
 straight-line basis. We accounted for forfeitures as they
 occurred. Compensation previously recognized was reversed in the
 event of forfeitures of unvested options. The following table
 illustrates the effect on net income (loss) as if we had
 accounted for our stock-based compensation plans using the fair
 value method under SFAS 123:

 For the Years 

 Ended December 31, 

 2005 

 2004 

 (In thousands) 

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (44,940

 )

 $

 (43,237

 )

 Deduct: Total stock-based employee compensation expense
 determined under fair value based method for all awards, net of
 related tax effect

 (4,208

 )

 (4,003

 )

 Pro forma net income (loss)

 $

 (49,148

 )

 $

 (47,240

 )

 Stock
 Incentive Plans 

 EHC participates in ECC&#146;s stock incentive plans to attract
 and retain officers, directors and key employees. Awards under
 these plans include both performance and non-performance based
 equity incentives. As of September 30, 2007, we had options
 to acquire 4.4 million shares of ECC&#146;s Class A
 common stock and 61,666 restricted stock awards outstanding
 under these plans. In general, stock options granted through
 September 30, 2007 have included exercise prices not less
 than the market value of ECC Class A common stock at the
 date of grant and a maximum term of ten years. While
 historically ECC&#146;s board of directors has issued options
 that vest at the rate of 20% per year, some option grants have
 immediately vested. As of

 F-14

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 September 30, 2007, ECC had 66.6 million shares of its
 Class A common stock available for future grant under the
 stock incentive plans.

 A summary of ECC stock option activity (including performance
 and non-performance based options) related to EHC employees for
 the nine months ended September 30, 2007 and the years
 ended December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004 was as follows:

 For the Nine Months 

 For the Years 

 Ended September 30, 

 Ended December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 Weighted- 

 Weighted- 

 Weighted- 

 Weighted- 

 Average 

 Average 

 Average 

 Average 

 Exercise 

 Exercise 

 Exercise 

 Exercise 

 Options 

 Price 

 Options 

 Price 

 Options 

 Price 

 Options 

 Price 

 Options outstanding, beginning of period

 4,619,622

 $

 20.86

 5,024,137

 $

 19.52

 3,800,561

 $

 15.11

 3,508,902

 $

 12.05

 Granted

 234,500

 43.43

 208,500

 30.93

 1,522,000

 29.04

 575,500

 31.16

 Exercised

 (372,113

 )

 22.61

 (367,015

 )

 11.85

 (170,124

 )

 5.99

 (250,237

 )

 5.76

 Forfeited and Cancelled

 (43,392

 )

 7.60

 (246,000

 )

 15.37

 (128,300

 )

 19.91

 (33,604

 )

 40.56

 Options outstanding, end of period

 4,438,617

 22.89

 4,619,622

 20.86

 5,024,137

 19.52

 3,800,561

 15.11

 Exercisable at end of period

 1,284,839

 27.93

 1,227,566

 24.43

 1,305,469

 19.80

 1,254,939

 15.94

 ECC received all cash proceeds and realized all tax benefits
 related to the exercise of stock options by EHC employees during
 all periods presented. A portion of the tax benefit was
 allocated to EHC based on the EHC employees who participate in
 the ECC stock option plan. Based on the average market value of
 ECC&#146;s Class A common stock for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007, the aggregate intrinsic value for the
 options outstanding was $94.3 million. Of that amount,
 options with an aggregate intrinsic value of $22.4 million
 were exercisable at the end of the period.

 Exercise prices for ECC options outstanding and exercisable as
 of December 31, 2006 for EHC employees are as follows:

 Options Outstanding 

 Options Exercisable 

 Number 

 Weighted- 

 Weighted- 

 Outstanding 

 Average 

 Weighted- 

 Number 

 Average 

 Weighted- 

 as of 

 Remaining 

 Average 

 Exercisable as of 

 Remaining 

 Average 

 December 31, 

 Contractual 

 Exercise 

 December 31, 

 Contractual 

 Exercise 

 2006 

 Life 

 Price 

 2006 

 Life 

 Price 

 $ 2.13 - $ 6.00

 1,744,358

 2.11

 $

 5.96

 304,358

 2.04

 $

 5.77

 $ 6.01 - $20.00

 258,564

 2.28

 11.45

 178,564

 2.29

 12.01

 $20.01 - $29.00

 389,600

 7.53

 27.94

 185,326

 6.65

 28.41

 $29.01 - $31.00

 1,782,100

 8.17

 29.67

 300,307

 7.85

 30.33

 $31.01 - $40.00

 348,000

 6.78

 35.07

 206,011

 5.63

 36.53

 $40.01 - $79.00

 97,000

 3.19

 72.76

 53,000

 3.24

 79.00

 $ 2.13 - $79.00

 4,619,622

 5.29

 20.86

 1,227,566

 4.85

 24.43

 F-15

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 As of September 30, 2007 and December 31, 2006 and
 2005, the grant date fair value of ECC&#146;s restricted stock
 awards outstanding for EHC employees was as follows. Vesting of
 these restricted performance units is contingent upon meeting a
 long-term goal which ECC&#146;s management has determined is not
 probable as of September 30, 2007.

 For the Nine Months 

 For the Years 

 Ended September 30, 

 Ended December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 2005 

 Weighted- 

 Weighted- 

 Weighted- 

 Average 

 Average 

 Average 

 Restricted 

 Grant 

 Restricted 

 Grant 

 Restricted 

 Grant 

 Share 

 Date Fair 

 Share 

 Date Fair 

 Share 

 Date Fair 

 Units 

 Value 

 Units 

 Value 

 Units 

 Value 

 Restricted Share Units outstanding, beginning of period

 95,666

 $

 29.72

 90,000

 $

 29.25

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Granted

 833

 43.43

 18,999

 31.63

 95,000

 29.25

 Exercised

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Forfeited

 (34,833

 )

 29.25

 (13,333

 )

 29.25

 (5,000

 )

 29.25

 Restricted Share Units outstanding, end of period

 61,666

 29.53

 95,666

 29.72

 90,000

 29.25

 Long-Term
 Performance-Based Plans 

 In February 1999, ECC adopted a long-term, performance-based
 stock incentive plan (the &#147;1999 LTIP&#148;) within the
 terms of its 1995 Stock Incentive Plan. The 1999 LTIP provided
 stock options to key employees which vest over five years at the
 rate of 20% per year. Exercise of the options is also contingent
 on ECC achieving an industry-related subscriber goal prior to
 December 31, 2008.

 In January 2005, ECC adopted a long-term, performance based
 stock incentive plan (the &#147;2005 LTIP&#148;) within the
 terms of its 1999 Stock Incentive Plan. The 2005 LTIP provides
 stock options and restricted performance units, either alone or
 in combination, which vest over seven years at the rate of 10%
 per year during the first four years, and at the rate of 20% per
 year thereafter. Exercise of the options is also contingent on
 achieving an ECC specific subscriber goal within the ten-year
 term of each award issued under the 2005 LTIP.

 Contingent compensation related to the 1999 LTIP and the 2005
 LTIP will not be recorded in our financial statements unless and
 until ECC&#146;s management concludes achievement of the
 corresponding goal is probable. Given the competitive nature of
 ECC&#146;s business, small variations in subscriber churn, gross
 subscriber addition rates and certain other factors can
 significantly impact subscriber growth. Consequently, while
 ECC&#146;s management did not believe achievement of either of
 the goals was probable as of September 30, 2007, that
 assessment could change with respect to either goal at any time.
 In accordance SFAS 123R, if all of the awards under each
 plan were vested and each goal had been met, we would have
 recorded total non-cash, stock-based compensation expense of
 $9.2 million and $16.0 million under the 1999 LTIP and
 the 2005 LTIP, respectively. If the goals are met and there are
 unvested options at that time, the vested amounts would be
 expensed immediately in our Combined Statements of Operations
 and Comprehensive Income (Loss), with the unvested portion
 recognized ratably over the remaining vesting period. As of
 September 30, 2007, if ECC&#146;s management had determined
 each goal was probable, we would have expensed $9.2 million
 for the 1999 LTIP and $3.9 million for the 2005 LTIP.

 Of the 4.4 million ECC options outstanding for EHC
 employees under ECC&#146;s stock incentive plans as of
 September 30, 2007, options to purchase 1.4 million
 shares and 1.0 million shares were outstanding pursuant to
 the 1999 LTIP and the 2005 LTIP, respectively. These options
 were granted with exercise prices at least equal to the market
 value of the underlying shares on the dates they were issued.
 The weighted-average exercise price of these options is $8.18
 under the 1999 LTIP and $29.29 under the 2005 LTIP. The fair
 value

 F-16

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 of options granted during the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007 pursuant to the 2005 LTIP, estimated at
 the date of the grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing
 model, was $18.94 per option share. Further, pursuant to the
 2005 LTIP, there were also 61,666 outstanding restricted
 performance units as of September 30, 2007 with a
 weighted-average grant date fair value of $29.53.

 Stock-Based
 Compensation 

 Total non-cash, stock-based compensation expense, net of related
 tax effect, is shown in the following table for the nine months
 ended September 30, 2007 and 2006 and the year ended
 December 31, 2006, and was allocated to the same expense
 categories as the base compensation for EHC employees who
 participate in the ECC stock option plans:

 For the Nine 

 For the 

 Months Ended 

 Year Ended 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 2006 

 (In thousands) 

 Research and development

 $

 788

 $

 605

 $

 889

 General and administrative

 986

 905

 1,067

 Total

 $

 1,774

 $

 1,510

 $

 1,956

 As of September 30, 2007, total unrecognized compensation
 for EHC employees related to ECC&#146;s non-performance based
 unvested stock options was $9.1 million. This cost is based
 on an assumed future forfeiture rate of approximately 6.5% per
 year and will be recognized over a weighted-average period of
 approximately three years. Share-based compensation expense is
 recognized based on awards ultimately expected to vest and is
 reduced for estimated forfeitures. SFAS 123R requires
 forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if
 necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ
 from those estimates. Changes in the estimated forfeiture rate
 can have a significant effect on share-based compensation
 expense since the effect of adjusting the rate is recognized in
 the period the forfeiture estimate is changed.

 The fair value of each option grant for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007 and 2006 and the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004 was estimated at the date
 of the grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the
 following weighted-average assumptions:

 For the Nine Months 

 For the Years 

 Ended September 30, 

 Ended December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 Risk-free interest rate

 4.50

 %

 4.74

 %

 4.68

 %

 4.09

 %

 3.69

 %

 Volatility factor

 20.20

 %

 25.09

 %

 24.99

 %

 26.12

 %

 33.23

 %

 Expected term of options in years

 6.0

 6.2

 6.2

 6.4

 5.4

 Weighted-average fair value of options granted

 $

 13.68

 $

 11.38

 $

 11.66

 $

 10.39

 $

 11.64

 During December 2004, ECC paid a one-time dividend of $1 per
 outstanding share of its Class A and Class B common
 stock. ECC does not currently plan to pay additional dividends
 on its common stock, and therefore the dividend yield percentage
 is set at zero for all periods. The Black-Scholes option
 valuation model was developed for use in estimating the fair
 value of traded options which have no vesting restrictions and
 are fully transferable. Consequently, our estimate of fair value
 may differ from other valuation models. Further, the
 Black-Scholes model requires the input of highly subjective
 assumptions. Changes in the subjective input assumptions can
 materially affect the fair value estimate. Therefore, the
 existing models do not provide as reliable of a single measure
 of the fair value of stock-based compensation awards as a
 market-based model would. Changes in the intervals of ECC&#146;s
 regular historical price observations from daily to monthly
 contributed to the 2005 reduction in the estimated volatility
 factor.

 F-17

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 We will continue to evaluate the assumptions used to derive the
 estimated fair value of options for ECC&#146;s stock as new
 events or changes in circumstances become known.

 4. 

 Property
 and Equipment 

 Property and equipment consist of the following:

 Depreciable 

 As of 

 Life 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 (In Years) 

 2007 

 2006 

 2005 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands) 

 Furniture, fixtures, equipment and other

 1-10

 $

 34,222

 $

 31,793

 $

 30,043

 Buildings and improvements

 1-40

 17,089

 17,077

 18,050

 Land

 &#151;

 2,509

 2,579

 2,579

 Construction in progress

 &#151;

 165,547

 47,707

 3

 Total property and equipment

 $

 219,367

 $

 99,156

 $

 50,675

 Accumulated depreciation

 (32,150

 )

 (28,646

 )

 (24,385

 )

 Property and equipment, net

 $

 187,217

 $

 70,510

 $

 26,290

 &#147;Construction in progress&#148; includes progress amounts
 for satellite construction, including launch costs.

 Depreciation and amortization expense consists of the following:

 For the Nine Months 

 Ended September 30, 

 As of December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands) 

 Furniture, fixtures, equipment and other

 $

 3,149

 $

 3,348

 $

 4,378

 $

 4,359

 $

 4,659

 Identifiable intangible assets subject to amortization

 883

 883

 1,176

 982

 10

 Buildings and improvements

 359

 362

 478

 491

 402

 Total depreciation and amortization

 $

 4,391

 $

 4,593

 $

 6,032

 $

 5,832

 $

 5,071

 Long-Lived Satellite Assets. We account for
 impairments of long-lived satellite assets in accordance with
 the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 144, &#147;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal
 of Long-Lived Assets&#148; (&#147;SFAS 144&#148;).
 SFAS 144 requires a long-lived asset or asset group to be
 tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in
 circumstance indicate that its carrying amount may not be
 recoverable.

 F-18

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 5. 

 Income
 Taxes 

 The components of pretax income (loss) are as follows:

 For the Years Ended December 31, 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 (In thousands) 

 Domestic

 $

 (34,010

 )

 $

 (47,166

 )

 $

 (41,889

 )

 Foreign

 2,923

 3,157

 (920

 )

 Total

 $

 (31,087

 )

 $

 (44,009

 )

 $

 (42,809

 )

 The components of the (provision for) benefit from income taxes
 are as follows:

 For the Years Ended December 31, 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 (In thousands) 

 Current (provision) benefit: 

 Federal

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 State

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Foreign

 (2,784

 )

 (1,178

 )

 (428

 )

 (2,784

 )

 (1,178

 )

 (428

 )

 Deferred (provision) benefit: 

 Federal

 311

 (10,212

 )

 16,400

 State

 1,895

 1,455

 1,206

 Foreign

 (291

 )

 247

 &#151;

 Decrease (increase) in valuation allowance

 (2,206

 )

 8,757

 (17,606

 )

 (291

 )

 247

 &#151;

 Total benefit (provision)

 $

 (3,075

 )

 $

 (931

 )

 $

 (428

 )

 The actual tax provisions for 2006, 2005 and 2004 reconcile to
 the amounts computed by applying the statutory Federal tax rate
 to income before taxes as shown below:

 For the Years Ended December 31, 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 % of pre-tax (income)/loss 

 Statutory rate

 35.0

 35.0

 35.0

 State income taxes, net of Federal benefit

 3.4

 3.3

 2.8

 Foreign taxes and income not U.S. taxable

 (9.0

 )

 (0.8

 )

 (3.4

 )

 Stock option compensation

 (1.7

 )

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Intercompany adjustment

 (33.2

 )

 (59.5

 )

 5.7

 Cumulative change in state tax rate, net of Federal benefit

 2.7

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Decrease (increase) in valuation allowance

 (7.1

 )

 19.9

 (41.1

 )

 Total benefit (provision) for income taxes

 (9.9

 )

 (2.1

 )

 (1.0

 )

 All or a portion of the current valuation allowance is expected
 to be reversed on the effective date of the spin-off since we
 are expected to realize sufficient profit to utilize our
 deferred tax benefits as a result of the commercial and
 transitional agreements with ECC.

 F-19

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 The temporary differences, which give rise to deferred tax
 assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2006 and 2005,
 are as follows:

 As of December 31, 

 2006 

 2005 

 (In thousands) 

 Deferred tax assets: 

 NOL, credit and other carryforwards

 $

 29,039

 $

 30,613

 Unrealized (gains) losses on investments

 51,916

 50,360

 Accrued expenses

 1,399

 452

 Stock compensation

 7,811

 8,334

 Research and development credit

 2,225

 2,225

 State taxes net of federal effect

 5,358

 4,479

 Other

 812

 798

 Total deferred tax assets

 98,560

 97,261

 Valuation allowance

 (72,135

 )

 (93,773

 )

 Deferred tax asset after valuation allowance

 26,425

 3,488

 Deferred tax liabilities: 

 Equity method investments

 625

 635

 Depreciation and amortization

 973

 1,348

 Other

 291

 &#151;

 Other comprehensive income

 24,827

 1,505

 Total deferred tax liabilities

 26,716

 3,488

 Net deferred tax asset (liability)

 $

 (291

 )

 $

 &#151;

 Current portion of net deferred tax asset (liability)

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Noncurrent portion of net deferred tax asset (liability)

 (291

 )

 &#151;

 Total net deferred tax asset (liability)

 $

 (291

 )

 $

 &#151;

 EHC&#146;s deferred tax assets included net operating losses
 (&#147;NOL&#148;) and credits of $29.0 million and
 $30.6 million as of December 31, 2006 and 2005,
 respectively. The NOL&#146;s and credits represent the amounts
 that would be apportioned to these entities in accordance with
 the Internal Revenue Code and Treasury Regulations should EHC be
 legally separated from ECC. The NOL&#146;s and credits decreased
 $1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2006 to
 correspond to the apportionment of ECC&#146;s consolidated tax
 group&#146;s tax attributes as adjusted for the 2006 utilization
 of NOL&#146;s in consolidation. The impact of these allocation
 rules on the tax attributes determined on a separate company
 basis is reflected as an intercompany adjustment in the
 statutory income tax rate reconciliation above. The federal NOL
 carryforwards begin to expire in 2020, state NOL&#146;s begin to
 expire in 2019, and the credits will begin to expire in the year
 2010.

 Overall, EHC&#146;s net deferred tax assets are offset by a
 valuation allowance of $72.1 million and $93.8 million
 as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The
 valuation allowance was decreased by $21.6 million for the
 year ended December 31, 2006. EHC evaluated and assessed
 the expected near-term utilization of NOL&#146;s, book and
 taxable income trends, available tax strategies and the overall
 deferred tax position to determine the valuation allowance
 required as of December 31, 2006 and 2005.

 F-20

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Federal NOL includes
 amounts related to tax deductions for exercised options that
 have been allocated directly to contributed capital for
 exercised stock options totaling $3.6 million and
 $3.1 million, respectively.

 Stock option compensation expenses for which an estimated
 deferred tax benefit was previously recorded exceeded the actual
 tax deductions allowed during 2006 and 2005. Tax charges
 associated with the reversal of the prior tax benefit have been
 reported in &#147;Net investment in EHC&#148; in accordance with
 APB 25 and SFAS 123R. During 2006 and 2005, charges of
 $0.5 million and $0.8 million, respectively, were made
 to &#147;Net investment in EHC.&#148;

 6. 

 Employee
 Benefit Plans 

 Employee
 Stock Purchase Plan 

 EHC employees participate in ECC&#146;s employee stock purchase
 plan (the &#147;ESPP&#148;). During 2006, this plan was amended
 for the purpose of registering an additional
 1,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and was
 approved by the stockholders at ECC&#146;s Annual Meeting held
 on May 11, 2006 by the requisite vote of stockholders.
 Under the ESPP, ECC is now authorized to issue a total of
 1,800,000 shares of Class A common stock.
 Substantially all full-time employees who have been employed by
 us for at least one calendar quarter are eligible to participate
 in the ESPP. Employee stock purchases are made through payroll
 deductions. Under the terms of the ESPP, employees may not
 deduct an amount which would permit such employee to purchase
 ECC&#146;s capital stock under all of ECC&#146;s stock purchase
 plans at a rate which would exceed $25,000 in fair value of
 capital stock in any one year. The purchase price of the stock
 is 85% of the closing price of ECC&#146;s Class A common
 stock on the last business day of each calendar quarter in which
 such shares of Class A common stock are deemed sold to an
 employee under the ESPP. During 2006, 2005 and 2004 our
 employees purchased approximately 20,700, 17,600 and
 13,300 shares of ECC&#146;s Class A common stock
 through the ESPP, respectively.

 401(k)
 Employee Savings Plan 

 EHC participates in ECC&#146;s 401(k) Employee Savings Plan (the
 &#147;401(k) Plan&#148;) for eligible employees. Voluntary
 employee contributions to the 401(k) Plan may be matched 50% by
 ECC, subject to a maximum annual contribution of $1,000 per
 employee. Forfeitures of unvested participant balances which are
 retained by the 401(k) Plan may be used to fund matching and
 discretionary contributions. Expense recognized related to
 matching 401(k) contributions, net of forfeitures, totaled
 $0.2 million and $.02 million during the years ended
 December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. We did not
 recognize any expense related to matching 401(k) contributions
 during the year ended December 31, 2004, as 401(k) Plan
 forfeitures were sufficient to fund all of the matching
 contributions.

 ECC may also make an annual discretionary contribution to the
 plan with approval by its board of directors, subject to the
 maximum deductible limit provided by the Internal Revenue Code
 of 1986, as amended. These contributions may be made in cash or
 in ECC&#146;s stock. Discretionary stock contributions, net of
 forfeitures, for our employees were $1.9 million,
 $1.7 million and $1.5 million relating to the 401(k)
 Plan years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004,
 respectively.

 F-21

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 7. 

 Commitments
 and Contingencies 

 Commitments 

 Future maturities of our contractual obligations are summarized
 as follows:

 Payments Due by Period 

 Total 

 2007 

 2008 

 2009 

 2010 

 2011 

 Thereafter 

 (In thousands) 

 Satellite-related obligations

 $

 98,270

 $

 79,530

 $

 18,740

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Operating lease obligations

 4,003

 879

 906

 933

 961

 324

 &#151;

 Purchase obligations

 614,978

 614,978

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Total

 $

 717,251

 $

 695,387

 $

 19,646

 $

 933

 $

 961

 $

 324

 $

 &#151;

 Satellite-Related
 Obligations 

 Satellites under Construction. Future
 commitments related to the satellites on the historical balance
 sheets are included in the table above under
 &#147;Satellite-related obligations.&#148; CMBStar, an S-band
 satellite, is scheduled to be completed during the second
 quarter of 2008. If the required regulatory approvals are
 obtained and contractual conditions are satisfied, the
 transponder capacity of that satellite will be leased to a Hong
 Kong joint venture, which in turn will sublease a portion of the
 transponder capacity to an affiliate of a Chinese regulatory
 entity.

 Purchase
 Obligations 

 Our 2007 purchase obligations primarily consist of binding
 purchase orders for set-top box and related components.

 Rent
 Expense 

 For the nine months ended September 30, 2007 and the years
 ended December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004, total rent expense
 for operating leases approximated $1.0 million,
 $1.1 million, $1.1 million, and $0.9 million,
 respectively.

 Patents
 and Intellectual Property 

 Many entities, including some of our competitors, now have and
 may in the future obtain patents and other intellectual property
 rights that cover or affect products or services directly or
 indirectly related to those that we offer. We may not be aware
 of all patents and other intellectual property rights that our
 products may potentially infringe. Damages in patent
 infringement cases can include a tripling of actual damages in
 certain cases. Further, we cannot estimate the extent to which
 we may be required in the future to obtain licenses with respect
 to patents held by others and the availability and cost of any
 such licenses. Various parties have asserted patent and other
 intellectual property rights with respect to components within
 our direct broadcast satellite system. We cannot be certain that
 these persons do not own the rights they claim, that our
 products do not infringe on these rights, that we would be able
 to obtain licenses from these persons on commercially reasonable
 terms or, if we were unable to obtain such licenses, that we
 would be able to redesign our products to avoid infringement.

 F-22

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 Contingencies 

 Acacia 

 During 2004, Acacia Media Technologies, which we refer to as
 Acacia, filed a lawsuit against us and ECC in the United States
 District Court for the Northern District of California. The suit
 also named DirecTV, Comcast, Charter, Cox and a number of
 smaller cable companies as defendants. Acacia is an intellectual
 property holding company which seeks to license the patent
 portfolio that it has acquired. The suit alleges infringement of
 United States Patent Nos. 5,132,992 (the &#145;992 patent),
 5,253,275 (the &#145;275 patent), 5,550,863 (the &#145;863
 patent), 6,002,720 (the &#145;720 patent) and 6,144,702 (the
 &#145;702 patent). The &#145;992, &#145;863, &#145;720 and
 &#145;702 patents have been asserted against us.

 The patents relate to various systems and methods related to the
 transmission of digital data. The &#145;992 and &#145;702
 patents have also been asserted against several Internet content
 providers in the United States District Court for the Central
 District of California. During 2004 and 2005, the Court issued
 Markman rulings which found that the &#145;992 and &#145;702
 patents were not as broad as Acacia had contended, and that
 certain terms in the &#145;702 patent were indefinite. In April
 2006, ECC and other defendants asked the Court to rule that the
 claims of the &#145;702 patent are invalid and not infringed.
 That motion is pending. In June and September 2006, the Court
 held Markman hearings on the &#145;992, &#145;863, &#145;720 and
 &#145;275 patents, and issued a ruling during December 2006.
 Acacia&#146;s various patent infringement cases have been
 consolidated for pre-trial purposes in the United States
 District Court for the Northern District of California.

 We and ECC intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event
 that a Court ultimately determines that we and ECC infringe any
 of the patents, we may be subject to an injunction that could
 require us to materially modify certain user-friendly features
 that we currently offer to consumers. We are being indemnified
 by ECC for any potential liability or damages resulting from
 this suit relating to the period prior to the effective date of
 the spin-off.

 Broadcast
 Innovation, L.L.C. 

 In 2001, Broadcast Innovation, L.L.C., which we refer to as
 Broadcast Innovation filed a lawsuit against ECC, DirecTV,
 Thomson Consumer Electronics and others in Federal District
 Court in Denver, Colorado. The suit alleges infringement of
 United States Patent Nos. 6,076,094 (which we refer to as the
 &#145;094 patent) and 4,992,066 (which we refer to as the
 &#145;066 patent). The &#145;094 patent relates to certain
 methods and devices for transmitting and receiving data along
 with specific formatting information for the data. The &#145;066
 patent relates to certain methods and devices for providing the
 scrambling circuitry for a pay television system on removable
 cards. We examined these patents and believe that they are not
 infringed by any of our products or services. Subsequently,
 DirecTV and Thomson settled with Broadcast Innovation leaving us
 as the only defendant.

 During 2004, the judge issued an order finding the &#145;066
 patent invalid. Also in 2004, the Court ruled the &#145;094
 patent invalid in a parallel case filed by Broadcast Innovation
 against Charter and Comcast. In 2005, the United States
 Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit overturned the
 &#145;094 patent finding of invalidity and remanded the case
 back to the District Court. During June 2006, Charter filed a
 reexamination request with the United States Patent and
 Trademark Office. The Court has stayed the case pending
 reexamination. Our case remains stayed pending resolution of the
 Charter case.

 We and ECC intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event
 that a Court ultimately determines that we and ECC infringe any
 of the patents, we may be subject to an injunction that could
 require us to materially modify certain user-friendly features
 that we currently offer to consumers. We are being indemnified
 by ECC for any potential liability or damages resulting from
 this suit relating to the period prior to the effective date of
 the spin-off.

 F-23

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 Finisar
 Corporation 

 Finisar Corporation, which we refer to as Finisar, obtained a
 $100 million verdict in the United States District Court
 for the Eastern District of Texas against DirecTV for patent
 infringement. Finisar alleged that DirecTV&#146;s electronic
 program guide and other elements of its system infringe United
 States Patent No. 5,404,505 (the &#145;505 patent).

 In July 2006, ECC, together with NagraStar LLC, filed a
 Complaint for Declaratory Judgment in the United States District
 Court for the District of Delaware against Finisar that asks the
 Court to declare that they and we do not infringe, and have not
 infringed, any valid claim of the &#145;505 patent. Trial is not
 currently scheduled. The District Court has stayed our action
 until the Federal Circuit has resolved DirecTV&#146;s appeal.

 We and ECC intend to vigorously prosecute this case. In the
 event that a Court ultimately determines that we and ECC
 infringe any of the patents, we may be subject to an injunction
 that could require us to materially modify certain user-friendly
 features that we currently offer to consumers. We are being
 indemnified by ECC for any potential liability or damages
 resulting from this suit relating to the period prior to the
 effective date of the spin-off.

 Global
 Communications 

 On April 19, 2007, Global Communications, Inc., which we
 refer to as Global, filed a patent infringement action against
 ECC in the United States District Court for the Eastern District
 of Texas. The suit alleges infringement of United States Patent
 No. 6,947,702 (which we refer to as the &#145;702 patent).
 This patent, which involves satellite reception, was issued in
 September 2005. On October 24, 2007, the United States
 Patent and Trademark Office granted our request for
 re-examination of the &#145;702 patent and issued an Office
 Action finding that all of the claims of the &#145;702 patent
 were invalid. Based on the PTO&#146;s decision, we have asked
 the District Court to stay the litigation until the
 re-examination proceedings is concluded.

 We and ECC intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event
 that a Court ultimately determines that we and ECC infringe any
 of the patents, we may be subject to an injunction that could
 require us to materially modify certain user-friendly features
 that we currently offer to consumers. We are being indemnified
 by ECC for any potential liability or damages resulting from
 this suit relating to the period prior to the effective date of
 the spin-off.

 Superguide 

 During 2000, Superguide Corp., which we refer to as Superguide,
 filed suit against ECC, DirecTV, Thomson and others in the
 United States District Court for the Western District of North
 Carolina, Asheville Division, alleging infringement of United
 States Patent Nos. 5,038,211 (which we refer to as the &#145;211
 patent), 5,293,357 (which we refer to as the &#145;357 patent)
 and 4,751,578 (which we refer to as the &#145;578 patent) which
 relate to certain electronic program guide functions, including
 the use of electronic program guides to control VCRs. Superguide
 sought injunctive and declaratory relief and damages in an
 unspecified amount.

 On summary judgment, the District Court ruled that none of the
 asserted patents were infringed by us. These rulings were
 appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal
 Circuit. During 2004, the Federal Circuit affirmed in part and
 reversed in part the District Court&#146;s findings and remanded
 the case back to the District Court for further proceedings. In
 2005, Superguide indicated that it would no longer pursue
 infringement allegations with respect to the &#145;211 and
 &#145;357 patents and those patents have now been dismissed from
 the suit. The District Court subsequently entered judgment of
 non-infringement in favor of all defendants as to the &#145;211
 and &#145;357 patents and ordered briefing on Thomson&#146;s
 license defense as to the &#145;578 patent. During December
 2006, the District Court found that there were disputed issues
 of fact regarding Thomson&#146;s license defense, and ordered a
 trial solely addressed to that issue. That trial took place in
 March 2007. In July 2007, the District

 F-24

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 Court ruled in favor of Superguide. As a result, Superguide will
 be able to proceed with their infringement action against us,
 DirecTV and Thomson.

 We and ECC intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event
 that a Court ultimately determines that we infringe the
 &#145;578 patent, we may be subject to a portion of the final
 damages, which may include treble damages
 and/or an
 injunction that could require us to materially modify certain
 user-friendly electronic programming guide and related features
 that we currently offer to consumers. We are being indemnified
 by ECC for any potential liability or damages resulting from
 this suit relating to the period prior to the effective date of
 the spin-off. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty the
 outcome of this suit.

 Tivo
 Inc. 

 During April 2006, a Texas jury concluded that certain of our
 digital video recorders, or DVRs, infringed a patent held by
 Tivo. The Texas court subsequently issued an injunction
 prohibiting us from offering DVR functionality. A Court of
 Appeals has stayed that injunction during the pendency of our
 appeal.

 We and ECC intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event
 that a Court ultimately determines that we and ECC infringe any
 of the patents, we may be subject to an injunction that could
 require us to materially modify certain user-friendly features
 that we currently offer to consumers. We are being indemnified
 by ECC for any potential liability or damages resulting from
 this suit relating to the period prior to the effective date of
 the spin-off. We and ECC believe that we do not infringe any of
 the claims asserted against us and ECC.

 Trans
 Video 

 In August 2006, Trans Video Electronic, Ltd., which we refer to
 as Trans Video filed a patent infringement action against us and
 ECC in the United States District Court for the Northern
 District of California. The suit alleges infringement of United
 States Patent Nos. 5,903,621 (which we refer to as the &#145;621
 patent) and 5,991,801 (which we refer to as the &#145;801
 patent). The patents relate to various methods related to the
 transmission of digital data by satellite. On May 14, 2007,
 we and ECC reached a settlement with Trans Video which did not
 have a material impact on our results of operations.

 Other 

 In addition to the above actions, we are subject to various
 other legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary
 course of business. In our opinion, the amount of ultimate
 liability with respect to any of these actions is unlikely to
 materially affect our financial position, results of operations
 or liquidity.

 8. 

 Geographic
 Information and Transactions with Major Customers 

 Geographic
 Information 

 We currently operate in one reportable segment: the design,
 development and distribution of digital set-top boxes and
 related components.

 F-25

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 The following table summarizes total long-lived assets and
 revenue attributed to foreign locations:

 United 

 States 

 Europe 

 Asia 

 Total 

 (In thousands) 

 Long-lived assets, including FCC authorizations 

 As of December 31, 2006

 $

 65,028

 $

 12,818

 $

 47,456

 $

 125,302

 As of December 31, 2005

 $

 67,961

 $

 14,299

 $

 &#151;

 $

 82,260

 Revenue 

 2006

 $

 1,446,926

 $

 78,394

 $

 &#151;

 $

 1,525,320

 2005

 $

 1,456,276

 $

 57,415

 $

 &#151;

 $

 1,513,691

 2004

 $

 1,660,525

 $

 59,566

 $

 &#151;

 $

 1,720,091

 Revenue is attributed to geographic regions based upon the
 location where the sale originated. United States revenue
 includes transactions with both United States and customers
 abroad. International revenue includes transactions with
 customers in Europe, Africa, South America and the Middle East.

 Transactions
 with Major Customers 

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2007 and 2006
 and the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004,
 United States revenue in the table above primarily included
 sales to two major customers. The following table summarizes
 sales to each customer and its percentage of total revenue.

 For the Nine Months 

 Ended September 30, 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands) 

 Total revenue: 

 ECC

 $

 1,019,729

 $

 948,683

 $

 1,288,691

 $

 1,295,861

 $

 1,543,513

 Bell ExpressVu

 118,170

 164,680

 186,387

 173,168

 125,313

 Other

 44,869

 19,536

 50,242

 44,662

 51,265

 Total revenue

 $

 1,182,768

 $

 1,132,899

 $

 1,525,320

 $

 1,513,691

 $

 1,720,091

 Percentage of total revenue: 

 ECC

 86.2

 %

 83.7

 %

 84.5

 %

 85.6

 %

 89.7

 %

 Bell ExpressVu

 10.0

 %

 14.5

 %

 12.2

 %

 11.4

 %

 7.3

 %

 F-26

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 9. 

 Valuation
 and Qualifying Accounts 

 Our valuation and qualifying accounts as of December 31,
 2006, 2005 and 2004 are as follows:

 Balance at 

 Charged to 

 Balance at 

 Beginning 

 Costs and 

 End of 

 of Year 

 Expenses 

 Deductions 

 Year 

 (In thousands) 

 Allowance for doubtful accounts 

 For the years ended:

 December 31, 2006

 $

 243

 $

 660

 $

 (80

 )

 $

 823

 December 31, 2005

 $

 540

 $

 (83

 )

 $

 (214

 )

 $

 243

 December 31, 2004

 $

 462

 $

 48

 $

 30

 $

 540

 Reserve for inventory 

 For the years ended:

 December 31, 2006

 $

 910

 $

 187

 $

 (648

 )

 $

 449

 December 31, 2005

 $

 1,648

 $

 542

 $

 (1,280

 )

 $

 910

 December 31, 2004

 $

 245

 $

 1,547

 $

 (144

 )

 $

 1,648

 10. 

 Quarterly
 Financial Data (Unaudited) 

 Our quarterly results of operations are summarized as follows:

 For the Three Months Ended 

 March 31 

 June 30 

 September 30 

 December 31 

 (In thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

 Year ended December 31, 2007: 

 Total revenue

 $

 447,763

 $

 330,589

 $

 404,416

 N/A

 Operating income (loss)

 $

 (17,972

 )

 $

 (13,489

 )

 $

 (8,707

 )

 N/A

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (18,504

 )

 $

 (14,789

 )

 $

 (6,650

 )

 N/A

 Year ended December 31, 2006: 

 Total revenue

 $

 365,509

 $

 390,107

 $

 377,283

 $

 392,421

 Operating income (loss)

 $

 (6,101

 )

 $

 1,891

 $

 (15,766

 )

 $

 (17,471

 )

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (6,940

 )

 $

 4,616

 $

 (18,162

 )

 $

 (13,676

 )

 Year ended December 31, 2005: 

 Total revenue

 $

 401,598

 $

 335,651

 $

 380,103

 $

 396,339

 Operating income (loss)

 $

 (7,849

 )

 $

 (11,533

 )

 $

 (7,782

 )

 $

 (5,900

 )

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (7,858

 )

 $

 (12,060

 )

 $

 (9,588

 )

 $

 (15,434

 )

 11. 

 Investments
 in Affiliates Accounted for Using the Equity Method 

 We own 50% of NagraStar L.L.C. (&#147;NagraStar&#148;), a joint
 venture that is our exclusive provider of encryption and related
 security technology used in our set-top boxes. Although we do
 not consolidate NagraStar, we have the ability to significantly
 influence its operating policies; therefore, we account for our
 investment in NagraStar under the equity method of accounting.

 F-27

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 Summarized financial information of NagraStar for the periods in
 which we used the equity method to account for NagraStar is as
 follows:

 Balance
 Sheets 

 As of December 31, 

 2006 

 2005 

 (In thousands) 

 Assets 

 Current assets

 $

 84,426

 $

 43,890

 Noncurrent assets

 854

 940

 Total assets

 $

 85,280

 $

 44,830

 Liabilities and Owner&#146;s Equity (Deficit) 

 Current and total liabilities

 $

 44,470

 $

 7,774

 Owners&#146; equity (deficit)

 40,810

 37,056

 Total liabilities and owners&#146; equity (deficit)

 $

 85,280

 $

 44,830

 Statement
 of Operations 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 (In thousands) 

 Revenue

 $

 57,640

 $

 126,651

 $

 126,119

 Operating, selling, general administrative expenses, net

 56,278

 116,677

 113,102

 Depreciation and amortization

 245

 335

 518

 Operating income (loss)

 1,117

 9,639

 12,499

 Other income (expense)

 2,447

 855

 71

 Net income (loss)

 $

 3,564

 $

 10,494

 $

 12,570

 12. 

 Related
 Party Transactions 

 Related
 Party Transactions with NagraStar 

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2007 and the
 years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, we purchased
 security access devices from NagraStar of $46.6 million,
 $55.8 million, $121.4 million and $123.8 million,
 respectively. As of September 30, 2007 and
 December 31, 2006 and 2005, amounts payable to NagraStar
 totaled $6.2 million, $3.3 million and
 $3.9 million, respectively. Additionally, as of
 September 30, 2007, we were committed to purchase
 $22.8 million of security access devices from NagraStar.

 Related
 Party Transactions with ECC 

 The Combined Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 (Loss) include service costs and expense allocations for certain
 corporate functions historically provided to EHC by ECC. In
 certain cases, these allocations were made on a specific
 identification basis. Otherwise, the expenses related to
 services provided to EHC by ECC were allocated to EHC based on
 relative percentages, as compared to ECC&#146;s other
 businesses, of headcount or other appropriate methods depending
 on the nature of each item of cost to be allocated.

 Charges for functions historically provided to EHC by ECC are
 primarily attributable to ECC&#146;s performance of many shared
 services that EHC benefits from such as, among other things,
 treasury, tax, accounting and reporting, mergers and
 acquisitions, risk management, legal, internal audit, human
 resources, investor relations

 F-28

 Table of Contents 

 ECHOSTAR
 HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 and information technology. EHC also participates in certain ECC
 insurance, benefit and incentive plans. The Combined Statements
 of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) reflect charges
 from ECC and its affiliates for these services of
 $35.6 million and $30.1 million for the nine months
 ended September 30, 2007 and 2006, respectively, and
 $40.4 million, $36.6 million and $37.4 million
 for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004,
 respectively. Certain of these services will continue to be
 provided subsequent to the Distribution for varying periods.
 Included in the charges above are amounts recognized for
 employee benefit expenses (Note 6).

 In addition, during the nine months ended September 30,
 2007 and 2006 and the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005
 and 2004, we sold set-top boxes and other services to ECC. The
 Combined Statements of Operation and Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 reflect revenue from ECC and its affiliates for equipment and
 other sales of $1.020 billion and $948.7 million for
 the nine months ended September 30, 2007 and 2006,
 respectively, and $1.289 billion, $1.296 billion and
 $1.544 billion for the years ended December 31, 2006,
 2005 and 2004, respectively. For the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007 and 2006, income before taxes was
 $(0.04) million and $0.2 million, respectively, and
 for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004
 $(0.3) million, $0.3 million and zero for the years
 ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

 13. 

 Subsequent
 Events 

 On October 19, 2007, we acquired Sling Media, Inc., a
 privately-held digital lifestyle products company. As of
 December 31, 2006, Sling Media had total assets of
 $49.8 million and a net loss of $20.9 million. The
 transaction values Sling Media at approximately
 $380.0 million and was paid in cash and EchoStar options.

 During October 2007, the Board of Directors of EHC authorized a
 stock buy back of up to $1.0 billion of our Class A
 common stock.

 F-29

 Table of Contents 

 INDEX
 TO STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS TO BE CONTRIBUTED BY 
 ECHOSTAR COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION 

 Page 

 Statement of Net Assets to be Contributed by EchoStar
 Communications Corporation (&#147;ECC&#148;): 

 Report of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm 

 F-31

 Statement of Net Assets to be Contributed by ECC
 as of September 30, 2007 

 F-32

 Notes to Statement of Net Assets to be
 Contributed by ECC 

 F-33

 F-30

 Table of Contents 

 REPORT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 EchoStar Communications Corporation:

 We have audited the accompanying statement of net assets to be
 contributed by EchoStar Communications Corporation as of
 September 30, 2007. This statement of net assets to be
 contributed is the responsibility of EchoStar Communications
 Corporation&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express
 an opinion on the statement of net assets to be contributed
 based on our audit.

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the auditing standards
 of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
 States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
 audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the statement
 of net assets to be contributed is free of material
 misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the statement
 of net assets to be contributed by EchoStar Communications
 Corporation, assessing the accounting principles used and
 significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
 the overall presentation of the statement of net assets to be
 contributed. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
 basis for our opinion.

 The accompanying statement was prepared to present the net
 assets to be contributed by EchoStar Communications Corporation
 to EchoStar Holding Corporation in connection with the proposed
 spin-off transaction referred to in note 1, and is not
 intended to be a complete presentation of EchoStar
 Communications Corporation&#146;s assets and liabilities.

 In our opinion, the accompanying statement of net assets to be
 contributed by EchoStar Communications Corporation presents
 fairly, in all material respects, the net assets to be
 contributed by EchoStar Communications Corporation as of
 September 30, 2007 to EchoStar Holding Corporation, in
 connection with the proposed spin-off transaction referred to in
 Note 1, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
 accounting principles.

 /s/ KPMG
 LLP 

 Denver, Colorado

 December 12, 2007

 F-31

 Table of Contents 

 STATEMENT
 OF NET ASSETS TO BE CONTRIBUTED BY 
 ECHOSTAR COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION 

 As of 

 September 30, 2007 

 (In thousands) 

 ASSETS 

 Current Assets: 

 Cash

 $

 1,000,000

 Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful
 accounts of $319

 2,692

 Current deferred tax assets

 4,816

 Other current assets

 6,025

 Total current assets

 1,013,533

 Restricted cash and marketable investment securities

 3,150

 Property and equipment, net

 1,281,682

 FCC authorizations (Note 2)

 83,121

 Intangible assets, net

 147,374

 Other noncurrent assets, net

 21,254

 Total assets

 $

 2,550,114

 LIABILITIES 

 Current Liabilities: 

 Accrued expenses

 $

 14,535

 Current portion of capital lease obligations, mortgages and
 notes payable

 38,167

 Total current liabilities

 52,702

 Long-term obligations, net of current portion: 

 Capital lease obligations, mortgages and notes payable, net of
 current portion

 349,590

 Deferred tax liabilities

 237,079

 Total long-term obligations, net of current portion

 586,669

 Total liabilities

 639,371

 Net assets to be contributed

 $

 1,910,743

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement of
 net assets to be contributed.

 F-32

 Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO
 STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS TO BE CONTRIBUTED BY 
 ECHOSTAR COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION 

 1. 

 Overview
 of Proposed Transaction and Assets to be Contributed and Basis
 of Presentation 

 On September 25, 2007, EchoStar Communications Corporation
 (&#147;ECC&#148;) announced its intention to separate its
 technology and certain infrastructure assets into a separate
 publicly-traded company. Pursuant to the spin-off, certain
 assets of ECC, consisting of satellites, uplink and satellite
 transmission assets and certain real estate and other assets and
 related liabilities will be contributed to EchoStar Holding
 Corporation (&#147;EHC&#148;). The net assets to be contributed
 by ECC historically were an integral part of ECC&#146;s
 historical satellite television business. These net assets are
 expected to be used by EHC primarily to comprise its fixed
 satellite service business as an independent publicly-traded
 company.

 This Statement of Net Assets to be Contributed by ECC has been
 prepared in order to set forth those assets and related
 liabilities that will be contributed by ECC to EHC, but which do
 not comprise part of the historical combined financial
 statements of EHC. These assets and related liabilities are
 reflected in this Statement of Net Assets to be Contributed by
 ECC rather than in the historical combined financial statements
 of EHC and no Statement of Revenues and Direct Expenses has been
 included herein because these assets have been dedicated to and
 were an integral part of the ECCs DISH Network business, were
 not operated as a separate business within ECC and do not
 constitute a separate business under
 EITF 98-3, 
 &#147;Determining Whether a Nonmonetary Transaction Involves
 Receipt of Productive Assets or of a Business.&#148; 

 The accounting policies described herein are the same accounting
 policies historically applied by ECC in the preparation of its
 Consolidated Financial Statements. The net assets to be
 contributed by ECC are shown at ECC&#146;s historical basis.

 2. 

 Summary
 of Significant Accounting Policies 

 Use of
 Estimates 

 The preparation of the Statement of Net Assets to be Contributed
 by ECC in conformity with accounting principles generally
 accepted in the United States (&#147;GAAP&#148;) requires ECC to
 make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
 of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
 and liabilities at the date of the financial statements.
 Estimates are used in accounting for, among other things,
 allowances for uncollectible accounts, deferred income taxes and
 related valuation allowances, fair values of financial
 instruments, fair value of assets and liabilities acquired in
 business combinations, capital leases, asset impairments, and
 useful lives of property, equipment and intangible assets.
 Actual results may differ from previously estimated amounts, and
 such differences may be material to the Statement of Net Assets
 to be Contributed by ECC. Additionally, upon contribution of
 these net assets to EHC, EHC will be required to make its own
 estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions may
 be different from those made by ECC and may have a significant
 affect on the reported amounts. Estimates and assumptions are
 reviewed periodically, and the effects of revisions are
 reflected prospectively beginning in the period they occur.

 Cash
 and Restricted Cash and Marketable Investment
 Securities 

 The Statement of Net Assets to be Contributed includes
 $1.0 billion of cash to be contributed by ECC upon
 consummation of the spin-off.

 As of September 30, 2007, restricted cash and marketable
 investment securities included letters of credit for FCC
 authorizations.

 Property
 and Equipment 

 Property and equipment are stated at historical cost. The cost
 of satellites under construction, including certain amounts
 prepaid under our satellite service agreements, are capitalized
 during the construction phase, assuming the eventual successful
 launch and in-orbit operation of the satellite. If a satellite
 were to fail during launch or while in-orbit, the resultant loss
 would be charged to expense in the period such loss was
 incurred.

 F-33

 Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO
 STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS TO BE CONTRIBUTED BY 
 ECHOSTAR COMMUNICATIONS
 CORPORATION &#151; (Continued) 

 The amount of any such loss would be reduced to the extent of
 insurance proceeds estimated to be received, if any.
 Depreciation is recorded on a straight-line basis over lives
 ranging from one to forty years. Repair and maintenance costs
 are charged to expense when incurred. Renewals and betterments
 are capitalized.

 Long-Lived
 Assets 

 ECC accounts for impairments of long-lived assets in accordance
 with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting
 Standards No. 144, &#147;Accounting for the Impairment or
 Disposal of Long-Lived Assets&#148; (&#147;SFAS 144&#148;).
 ECC reviews its long-lived assets and identifiable intangible
 assets for impairment whenever events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may
 not be recoverable. Based on the guidance under SFAS 144,
 ECC evaluates its satellite fleet for recoverability as one
 asset group. For assets which are held and used in operations,
 the asset would be impaired if the carrying value of the asset
 (or asset group) exceeded its undiscounted future net cash
 flows. Once an impairment is determined, the actual impairment
 is reported as the difference between the carrying value and the
 fair value as estimated using discounted cash flows. Assets
 which are to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the
 carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. ECC considers
 relevant cash flow, estimated future operating results, trends
 and other available information in assessing whether the
 carrying value of assets are recoverable.

 FCC
 Authorizations and Intangible Assets 

 ECC accounts for its intangible assets in accordance with the
 provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 142, &#147;Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets&#148;
 (&#147;SFAS 142&#148;), which requires intangible assets
 with indefinite useful lives not be amortized, but to be tested
 for impairment annually or whenever indicators of impairment
 arise. Intangible assets that have finite lives continue to be
 amortized over their estimated useful lives.

 ECC has determined that its FCC licenses have indefinite useful
 lives and evaluates impairment in accordance with the guidance
 of EITF Issue
 No. 02-7, 
 &#147;Unit of Accounting for Testing Impairment of
 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets&#148;
 (&#147;EITF 02-7&#148;). 
 In our most recent annual impairment testing, ECC determined
 that the estimated fair value of the FCC licenses, calculated
 using the discounted cash flow analysis, exceeded their carrying
 amount.

 As of September 30, 2007, our identifiable intangibles
 subject to amortization consisted of the following:

 As of 

 September 30, 2007 

 Intangible 

 Accumulated 

 Net Book 

 Assets 

 Amortization 

 Value 

 (In thousands) 

 Contract based

 $

 189,928

 $

 (57,480

 )

 $

 132,448

 Technology-based

 20,500

 (5,574

 )

 14,926

 Total

 $

 210,428

 $

 (63,054

 )

 $

 147,374

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2007, ECC
 participated in an FCC Auction for licenses in the 1.4 GHz
 band and was the winning bidder for several licenses with total
 winning bids of $57.4 million. This amount is included in
 &#147;FCC authorizations&#148; in the Statement of Net Assets to
 be Contributed by ECC.

 Income
 Taxes 

 ECC establishes a provision for income taxes currently payable
 or receivable and for income tax amounts deferred to future
 periods in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting
 Standards No. 109, &#147;Accounting for Income
 Taxes&#148; (&#147;SFAS 109&#148;). SFAS 109
 requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be recorded
 for the estimated future tax effects of differences that exist
 between the book and tax bases of assets

 F-34

 Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO
 STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS TO BE CONTRIBUTED BY 
 ECHOSTAR COMMUNICATIONS
 CORPORATION &#151; (Continued) 

 and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are offset by valuation
 allowances in accordance with SFAS 109, when ECC believes
 it is more likely than not that such net deferred tax assets
 will not be realized.

 Fair
 Value of Financial Instruments 

 As of September 30, 2007, the book value approximates fair
 value for cash, trade accounts receivable, net of allowance for
 doubtful accounts, current liabilities and mortgages and
 satellite vendor financing due to their short-term nature.
 Pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 107 &#147;Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments,&#148; disclosures regarding fair value of
 capital leases is not required.

 New
 Accounting Pronouncements 

 In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157,
 &#147;Fair Value Measurements&#148; 
 (&#147;SFAS 157&#148;) which defines fair value,
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles and expands
 disclosures about fair value measurements. This pronouncement
 applies to other accounting standards that require or permit
 fair value measurements. Accordingly, this statement does not
 require any new fair value measurement. This statement is
 effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15,
 2007, and interim periods within that fiscal year. ECC is
 currently evaluating the impact if any, of the adoption of
 SFAS 157 will have on the net assets to be contributed.

 3. 

 Property
 and Equipment 

 Property and equipment consist of the following:

 Depreciable 

 As of 

 Life 

 September 30, 

 (In Years) 

 2007 

 (In thousands) 

 Land

 &#151;

 $

 24,155

 Buildings and improvements

 1-10

 175,670

 Furniture, fixtures, equipment and other

 1-7

 511,367

 Satellites: 

 EchoStar III

 12

 234,083

 EchoStar IV &#151; fully depreciated

 N/A

 78,511

 EchoStar VI

 12

 245,022

 EchoStar VIII

 12

 175,801

 EchoStar IX

 12

 127,376

 EchoStar XII

 10

 190,051

 Satellites acquired under capital leases

 10

 551,628

 Construction in process

 &#151;

 104,101

 Total property and equipment

 $

 2,417,765

 Accumulated depreciation

 (1,136,083

 )

 Property and equipment, net

 1,281,682

 &#147;Construction in progress&#148; includes progress amounts
 for satellite construction, including launch costs.

 Satellites 

 ECC is contributing nine of its satellites to EHC, six of which
 are owned and three are leased. Each of the owned satellites had
 an original minimum useful life of at least 12 years. Two
 of the leased satellites are accounted for as capital leases
 pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 13, &#147;Accounting

 F-35

 Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO
 STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS TO BE CONTRIBUTED BY 
 ECHOSTAR COMMUNICATIONS
 CORPORATION &#151; (Continued) 

 for Leases&#148; (&#147;SFAS 13&#148;) and are depreciated
 over the ten-year terms of the satellite service agreements.
 While ECC believes that overall these satellites are generally
 in good condition, during 2007 and prior periods, certain of
 these satellites have experienced anomalies, some of which have
 had a significant adverse impact on their commercial operation.

 EchoStar III. EchoStar III was launched
 during October 1997 and currently operates at the 61.5 degree
 orbital location. The satellite was originally designed to
 operate a maximum of 32 transponders at approximately 120 watts
 per channel, switchable to 16 transponders operating at over 230
 watts per channel, and was equipped with a total of 44
 transponders to provide redundancy. Prior to 2006, traveling
 wave tube amplifiers (&#147;TWTA&#148;) anomalies caused 22
 transponders to fail. During April and October 2006, further
 TWTA anomalies caused the failure of four additional
 transponders. As a result, a maximum of 18 transponders are
 currently available for use on EchoStar III, but due to
 redundancy switching limitations and specific channel
 authorizations, we can only operate on 15 of the 30 FCC
 authorized frequencies we have the right to utilize at the 61.5
 degree location. While we do not expect a large number of
 additional TWTAs to fail in any year, and the failures have not
 reduced the original minimum
 12-year 
 design life of the satellite, it is likely that additional TWTA
 failures will occur from time to time in the future, and those
 failures will further impact commercial operation of the
 satellite.

 EchoStar IV. EchoStar IV was launched
 during May 1998 and currently operates at the 77 degree orbital
 location, which is licensed by the government of Mexico to a
 venture in which we hold a minority interest. The satellite was
 originally designed to operate a maximum of 32 transponders at
 approximately 120 watts per channel, switchable to 16
 transponders operating at over 230 watts per channel. As a
 result of past TWTA failures, only six transponders are
 currently available for use and the satellite has been fully
 depreciated. There can be no assurance that further material
 degradation, or total loss of use, of EchoStar IV will not
 occur in the immediate future.

 EchoStar VI. EchoStar VI was launched during
 July 2000 and is currently stationed at the 110 degree orbital
 location as an in-orbit spare. The satellite was originally
 equipped with 108 solar array strings, approximately 102 of
 which are required to assure full power availability for the
 original minimum
 12-year 
 design life of the satellite. Prior to 2006, EchoStar VI
 experienced anomalies resulting in the loss of 15 solar array
 strings. During 2006, two additional solar array strings failed,
 reducing the number of functional solar array strings to 91.
 While the design life of the satellite has not been affected,
 commercial operability has been reduced. The satellite was
 designed to operate 32 transponders at approximately 125 watts
 per channel, switchable to 16 transponders operating at
 approximately 225 watts per channel. The power reduction
 resulting from the solar array failures limits us to operation
 of a maximum of 26 transponders in standard power mode, or 13
 transponders in high power mode currently. The number of
 transponders to which power can be provided is expected to
 continue to decline in the future at the rate of approximately
 one transponder every three years. See discussion of evaluation
 of impairment in &#147;Long-Lived Assets&#148; below.

 EchoStar VIII. EchoStar VIII was launched
 during August 2002 and currently operates at the 110 degree
 orbital location. The satellite was designed to operate 32
 transponders at approximately 120 watts per channel, switchable
 to 16 transponders operating at approximately 240 watts per
 channel. EchoStar VIII also includes spot-beam technology. This
 satellite has experienced several anomalies since launch, but
 none have reduced the
 12-year 
 estimated useful life of the satellite. However, there can be no
 assurance that future anomalies will not cause further losses
 which could materially impact its commercial operation, or
 result in a total loss of the satellite.

 EchoStar IX. EchoStar IX was launched during
 August 2003 and currently operates at the 121 degree orbital
 location. The satellite was designed to operate 32 FSS
 transponders operating at approximately 110 watts per channel,
 along with transponders that can provide services in the
 Ka-Band (a
 &#147;Ka-band 
 payload&#148;). The satellite also includes a C-band payload
 which is owned by a third party. During 2006, EchoStar IX
 experienced the loss of one of its three momentum wheels, two of
 which are utilized during normal

 F-36

 Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO
 STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS TO BE CONTRIBUTED BY 
 ECHOSTAR COMMUNICATIONS
 CORPORATION &#151; (Continued) 

 operations. A spare wheel was switched in at the time and the
 loss did not reduce the
 12-year 
 estimated useful life of the satellite. During September 2007,
 the satellite experienced anomalies resulting in the loss of
 three solar array strings. An investigation of the anomalies is
 continuing. The anomalies have not impacted commercial operation
 of the satellite to date. The design life of the satellite is
 not expected to be impacted since the satellite is equipped with
 a total of 288 solar array strings, only approximately 276 of
 which are required to assure full power availability for the
 design life of the satellite. However, there can be no assurance
 future anomalies will not cause further losses, which could
 impact the remaining life or commercial operation of the
 satellite.

 EchoStar XII. EchoStar XII was launched during
 July 2003 and currently operates at the 61.5 degree orbital
 location. The satellite was designed to operate 13 transponders
 at 270 watts per channel, in CONUS mode, or 22 spot beams
 using a combination of 135 and 65 watt TWTAs. We currently
 operate the satellite in CONUS mode. EchoStar XII has a total of
 24 solar array circuits, approximately 22 of which are required
 to assure full power for the original minimum
 12-year 
 design life of the satellite. Since late 2004, eight solar array
 circuits on EchoStar XII have experienced anomalous behavior
 resulting in both temporary and permanent solar array circuit
 failures. The cause of the failures is still being investigated.
 The design life of the satellite has not been affected. However,
 these temporary and permanent failures have resulted in a
 reduction in power to the satellite which will preclude us from
 using the full complement of transponders on EchoStar XII for
 the 12-year 
 design life of the satellite. The extent of this impact has not
 yet been determined. There can be no assurance future anomalies
 will not cause further losses, which could further impact
 commercial operation of the satellite or its useful life. See
 discussion of evaluation of impairment in &#147;Long-Lived
 Assets&#148; below.

 Long-Lived Satellite Assets. ECC
 accounts for impairments of long-lived satellite assets in
 accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 144, &#147;Accounting for the
 Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets&#148; 
 (&#147;SFAS 144&#148;). SFAS 144 requires a
 long-lived asset or asset group to be tested for recoverability
 whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that its
 carrying amount may not be recoverable. Based on the guidance
 under SFAS 144, ECC evaluates its satellite fleet for
 recoverability as one asset group. While certain of the
 anomalies discussed above, and previously disclosed, may be
 considered to represent a significant adverse change in the
 physical condition of an individual satellite, based on the
 redundancy designed within each satellite and considering the
 asset grouping, these anomalies (none of which caused a loss of
 service to subscribers for an extended period) are not
 considered to be significant events that would require
 evaluation for impairment recognition pursuant to the guidance
 under SFAS 144. Unless and until a specific satellite is
 abandoned or otherwise determined to have no service potential,
 the net carrying amount related to the satellite would not be
 written off.

 Upon contribution of these satellites, EHC will be required to
 perform its own analysis of each satellite for recoverability.
 EHC&#146;s conclusion regarding the recoverability of each
 satellite may be different from the conclusion reached by ECC.

 F-37

 Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO
 STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS TO BE CONTRIBUTED BY 
 ECHOSTAR COMMUNICATIONS
 CORPORATION &#151; (Continued) 

 4. 

 Long-Term
 Debt 

 Capital
 Lease Obligations, Mortgages and Notes Payable 

 Capital lease obligations, mortgages and notes payable consist
 of the following:

 As of 

 September 30, 2007 

 (In thousands) 

 Satellites financed under capital lease obligations

 $

 379,280

 8% note payable for EchoStar IX satellite vendor financing,
 payable over 14 years from launch

 8,139

 8% mortgage due in installments through 2015

 338

 Total

 $

 387,757

 Less current portion

 (38,167

 )

 Capital lease obligations, mortgages and other notes payable,
 net of current portion

 $

 349,590

 Capital
 Lease Obligations 

 Three of the in-orbit satellites that ECC currently leases will
 be contributed to EHC. Two of these satellites, discussed below,
 are accounted for as capital leases pursuant to SFAS 13 and
 are depreciated over the ten-year terms of the satellite service
 agreements.

 AMC-15. AMC-15, an FSS satellite, commenced
 commercial operation during January 2005. This lease will be
 renewable by us on a year to year basis following the initial
 term, and will provide us with certain rights to replacement
 satellites.

 AMC-16. AMC 16, an FSS satellite, commenced
 commercial operation during February 2005. This lease is
 renewable by us on a year to year basis following the initial
 term, and will provide us with certain rights to replacement
 satellites.

 F-38

 Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO
 STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS TO BE CONTRIBUTED BY 
 ECHOSTAR COMMUNICATIONS
 CORPORATION &#151; (Continued) 

 As of September 30, 2007, ECC had $551.6 million
 capitalized for the estimated fair value of satellites acquired
 under capital leases included in &#147;Property and equipment,
 net,&#148; with related accumulated depreciation of
 $149.9 million. Future minimum lease payments under these
 capital lease obligations, together with the present value of
 the net minimum lease payments as of September 30, 2007 are
 as follows:

 For the Years Ending December 31, 

 2007 (remaining three months)

 $

 21,588

 2008

 86,351

 2009

 86,351

 2010

 86,351

 2011

 86,351

 Thereafter

 254,373

 Total minimum lease payments

 621,365

 Less: Amount representing lease of the orbital location and
 estimated executory costs (primarily insurance and maintenance)
 including profit thereon, included in total minimum lease
 payments

 (107,221

 )

 Net minimum lease payments

 514,144

 Less: Amount representing interest

 (134,864

 )

 Present value of net minimum lease payments

 379,280

 Less: Current portion

 (37,574

 )

 Long-term portion of capital lease obligations

 $

 341,706

 In addition to its lease of the AMC-15 and AMC-16 satellites,
 ECC will also contribute satellite service agreements to lease
 all of the capacity on other satellites discussed below.

 AMC-2. AMC-2 is an FSS satellite positioned at
 the 85 degree orbital location. ECC&#146;s lease of this
 satellite is expected to continue through 2007 and has been
 accounted for as an operating lease.

 AMC-14. AMC-14 is a DBS satellite, which is
 currently expected to launch in early 2008 and commence
 commercial operation at an orbital location to be determined at
 a future date. The initial ten-year lease for all of the
 capacity on the satellite will be accounted for as a capital
 lease.

 5. 

 Income
 Taxes 

 Our income tax policy is to record the estimated future tax
 effects of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets
 and liabilities and amounts reported in the Statement of Net
 Assets to be Contributed by ECC. We followed the guidelines set
 forth in SFAS 109 regarding the recoverability of any tax
 assets recorded on the Statement of Net Assets to be Contributed
 by ECC and provided any necessary valuation allowances. In
 accordance with SFAS 109, we periodically evaluate our need
 for a valuation allowance. Determining necessary valuation
 allowances requires us to make assessments about historical
 financial information as well as the timing of future events,
 including the probability of expected future taxable income and
 available tax planning opportunities.

 F-39

 Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO
 STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS TO BE CONTRIBUTED BY 
 ECHOSTAR COMMUNICATIONS
 CORPORATION &#151; (Continued) 

 The temporary differences, which give rise to significant
 deferred tax assets and liabilities as of September 30,
 2007, are as follows:

 As of September 30, 

 2007 

 (In thousands) 

 Deferred tax assets: 

 Accrued expenses

 $

 4,444

 Other

 248

 Total deferred tax assets

 $

 4,692

 Deferred tax liabilities: 

 Depreciation and amortization

 $

 (219,013

 )

 State taxes net of federal effect

 (17,942

 )

 Total deferred tax liabilities

 (236,955

 )

 Net deferred tax asset (liability)

 $

 (232,263

 )

 Current portion of net deferred tax asset (liability)

 $

 4,816

 Noncurrent portion of net deferred tax asset (liability)

 (237,079

 )

 Total net deferred tax asset (liability)

 $

 (232,263

 )

 F-40

 Table of Contents 

 INDEX
 TO FINANCIAL TABLES OF SLING MEDIA, INC. 

 Page 

 Consolidated Financial Statements of Sling Media, Inc.: 

 Report of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm 

 F-42

 Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30,
 2007 (unaudited) and December 31, 2006 and 2005 

 F-43

 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other
 Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007 and 2006 (unaudited), for each of the
 years ended December 31, 2006, 2005, and for the period
 from inception (June 14, 2004) to December 31,
 2004 

 F-44

 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders&#146;
 Equity for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2005 and 2006
 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2007
 (unaudited) 

 F-45

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
 nine months ended September 30, 2007 and 2006 (unaudited),
 for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005, and or the
 period from inception (June 14, 2004) to
 December 31, 2004 

 F-46

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 F-47

 F-41

 Table of Contents 

 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 The Board of EchoStar Communications Corporation, Inc.:

 We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Sling
 Media, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2006 and
 2005, and the related consolidated statements of operations and
 other comprehensive income (loss), shareholders&#146; equity and
 cash flows for each of the years then ended and the period from
 inception (June 14, 2004) to December 31, 2004.
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
 of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to
 express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements
 based on our audits.

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
 test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
 the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
 statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
 reasonable basis for our opinion.

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
 to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
 position of Sling Media, Inc. and subsidiaries as of
 December 31, 2006 and 2005, and the results of their
 operations and their cash flows for the years then ended and the
 period from inception (June 14, 2004) to
 December 31, 2004, in conformity with U.S. generally
 accepted accounting principles.

 As discussed in Note 2(l) to the consolidated financial
 statements, effective January 1, 2006, the Company adopted
 the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 (SFAS) No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment ,
 applying the prospective method.

 /s/ KPMG LLP

 San Francisco, California

 November 5, 2007

 F-42

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 2005 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands, except share and 

 per-share data) 

 ASSETS 

 Current assets:

 Cash and cash equivalents

 $

 7,763

 $

 24,382

 $

 4,827

 Short-term investments

 &#151;

 73

 3,805

 Accounts receivable

 7,276

 11,987

 6,067

 Inventories

 6,446

 5,657

 1,881

 Prepaid expenses

 1,451

 2,156

 271

 Other current assets

 656

 337

 134

 Total current assets

 23,592

 44,592

 16,985

 Property and equipment, net

 3,877

 1,585

 197

 Intangible assets, net

 2,597

 2,818

 77

 Restricted cash

 400

 400

 &#151;

 Other assets

 728

 434

 74

 Total assets

 $

 31,194

 $

 49,829

 $

 17,333

 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS&#146; EQUITY 

 Current liabilities:

 Accounts payable, trade

 $

 3,643

 $

 8,869

 $

 878

 Accrued expenses

 4,674

 2,644

 978

 Accrued employee benefits

 630

 950

 94

 Notes payable

 1,380

 297

 4,313

 Total current liabilities

 10,327

 12,760

 6,263

 Deferred revenue

 4,000

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Other long-term liabilities

 2,701

 1,280

 &#151;

 Total liabilities

 17,028

 14,040

 6,263

 Commitments and contingencies (Note 7)

 Shareholders&#146; equity:

 Convertible Series A preferred stock,$0.0001 par
 value. Authorized 8,400,000 shares; outstanding
 7,759,082 shares respectively; aggregate liquidation
 preference of $11,574,999

 1

 1

 1

 Convertible Series B preferred stock,$0.0001 par
 value. Authorized 7,930,000 shares; outstanding 7,695,271,
 7,695,271 and 0 shares, respectively; aggregate liquidation
 preference of $46,374,501

 1

 1

 &#151;

 Common stock, $0.0001 par value. Authorized 30,670,000,
 30,670,000 and 26,600,000 shares, respectively; issued and
 outstanding 10,015,923, 9,910,681 and 8,755,763 shares,
 respectively

 1

 1

 1

 Additional paid-in capital

 70,298

 61,094

 15,594

 Warrants

 533

 347

 194

 Accumulated deficit

 (56,763

 )

 (25,665

 )

 (4,733

 )

 Accumulated other comprehensive income

 95

 10

 13

 Total shareholders&#146; equity

 14,166

 35,789

 11,070

 Total liabilities and shareholders&#146; equity

 $

 31,194

 $

 49,829

 $

 17,333

 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

 F-43

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income
 (Loss) 

 Inception 

 (June 14, 

 Nine Months Ended 

 Year Ended 

 2004) to 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands, except share and per-share data) 

 Net revenues

 $

 21,233

 13,280

 29,055

 10,929

 &#151;

 Cost of sales

 15,408

 10,430

 20,191

 4,906

 &#151;

 Gross profit

 5,825

 2,850

 8,864

 6,023

 &#151;

 Operating expenses:

 Research and development

 13,078

 4,012

 6,515

 2,343

 668

 Sales and marketing

 19,695

 11,205

 18,555

 5,114

 164

 General and administrative

 3,932

 3,272

 5,573

 1,665

 309

 Total operating expenses

 36,705

 18,489

 30,643

 9,122

 1,141

 Loss from operations

 (30,880

 )

 (15,639

 )

 (21,779

 )

 (3,099

 )

 (1,141

 )

 Other income (expense):

 Interest income

 378

 1,168

 1,478

 210

 20

 Interest expense

 (493

 )

 (510

 )

 (512

 )

 (659

 )

 &#151;

 Other expense

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (45

 )

 (39

 )

 &#151;

 Total other income (expense)

 (115

 )

 658

 921

 (488

 )

 20

 Loss before provision for income taxes

 (30,995

 )

 (14,981

 )

 (20,858

 )

 (3,587

 )

 (1,121

 )

 Provision for income taxes

 103

 68

 74

 25

 &#151;

 Net loss

 $

 (31,098

 )

 (15,049

 )

 (20,932

 )

 (3,612

 )

 (1,121

 )

 Foreign currency translation adjustment

 85

 &#151;

 (3

 )

 13

 &#151;

 Comprehensive loss

 (31,013

 )

 (15,049

 )

 (20,935

 )

 (3,599

 )

 (1,121

 )

 Weighted average shares outstanding, (basic and diluted)

 8,098,947

 5,535,044

 5,853,470

 3,451,019

 1,362,500

 Loss per share (basic and diluted)

 $

 (3.84

 )

 (2.72

 )

 (3.58

 )

 (1.05

 )

 (0.82

 )

 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

 F-44

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Consolidated
 Statements of Shareholders&#146;
 Equity &#151; (Continued) 

 Accumulated 

 Convertible A 

 Convertible B 

 Additional 

 Other 

 Total 

 Preferred Stock 

 Preferred Stock 

 Common Stock 

 Paid-in 

 Accumulated 

 Comprehensive 

 Shareholders&#146; 

 Shares 

 Amount 

 Shares 

 Amount 

 Shares 

 Amount 

 Warrants 

 Capital 

 Deficit 

 Income 

 Equity 

 (In thousands, except share and per-share data) 

 Net loss

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 (1,121

 )

 $

 &#151;

 $

 (1,121

 )

 Exercise of employee stock options

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 406

 &#151;

 &#151;

 20

 &#151;

 &#151;

 20

 Issuance of preferred stock

 7,759

 1

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 11,496

 &#151;

 &#151;

 11,497

 Issuance of common stock

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 7,500

 1

 &#151;

 68

 &#151;

 &#151;

 69

 Balances as of December 31, 2004

 7,759

 $

 1

 &#151;

 &#151;

 7,906

 1

 &#151;

 11,584

 (1,121

 )

 &#151;

 10,465

 Net loss

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (3,612

 )

 &#151;

 (3,612

 )

 Cumulative translation adjustment

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 13

 13

 Exercise of employee stock options, net of share repurchases

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 850

 &#151;

 &#151;

 10

 &#151;

 &#151;

 10

 Beneficial conversion feature related to convertible notes
 payable

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 4,000

 &#151;

 &#151;

 4,000

 Issuance of preferred stock warrants

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 194

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 194

 Balances as of December 31, 2005

 7,759

 1

 &#151;

 &#151;

 8,756

 1

 194

 15,594

 (4,733

 )

 13

 11,070

 Net loss

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (20,932

 )

 &#151;

 (20,932

 )

 Cumulative translation adjustment

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (3

 )

 (3

 )

 Issue of common stock for patent purchase

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 175

 &#151;

 &#151;

 1,312

 &#151;

 &#151;

 1,312

 Issue of preferred stock and preferred stock warrants

 &#151;

 &#151;

 7,028

 1

 &#151;

 &#151;

 153

 42,374

 &#151;

 &#151;

 42,528

 Conversion of note payable to preferred stock

 &#151;

 &#151;

 667

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 4,000

 &#151;

 &#151;

 4,000

 Adjustment of beneficial conversion feature related to
 convertible notes payable

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (3,277

 )

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (3,277

 )

 Employee stock compensation

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 1,014

 &#151;

 &#151;

 1,014

 Exercise of employee stock options, net of share repurchases

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 980

 &#151;

 &#151;

 77

 &#151;

 &#151;

 77

 Balances as of December 31, 2006

 7,759

 1

 7,695

 1

 9,911

 1

 347

 61,094

 (25,665

 )

 10

 35,789

 Net loss

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (31,098

 )

 &#151;

 (31,098

 )

 Cumulative translation adjustment

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 85

 85

 Issue of preferred stock and preferred stock warrants

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 186

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 186

 Beneficial conversion feature related to convertible notes
 payable

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 5,000

 &#151;

 &#151;

 5,000

 Employee stock compensation

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 4,096

 &#151;

 &#151;

 4,096

 Exercise of employee stock options, net of share repurchases

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 130

 &#151;

 &#151;

 108

 &#151;

 &#151;

 108

 Balances as of September 30, 2007 (unaudited)

 7,759

 $

 1

 7,695

 $

 1

 10,041

 $

 1

 $

 533

 $

 70,298

 $

 (56,763

 )

 $

 95

 $

 14,166

 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

 F-45

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 

 Inception 

 (June 14, 

 Nine Months Ended 

 2004) to 

 September 30, 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands) 

 Cash flows from operating activities:

 Net loss

 $

 (31,098

 )

 $

 (15,049

 )

 $

 (20,932

 )

 $

 (3,612

 )

 $

 (1,121

 )

 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating
 activities:

 Depreciation and amortization

 1,119

 181

 366

 70

 8

 Accretion of debt discounts

 397

 415

 415

 502

 &#151;

 Stock-based compensation

 4,096

 271

 1,014

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Changes in assets and liabilities:

 Accounts receivable

 4,651

 818

 (5,860

 )

 (6,067

 )

 &#151;

 Prepaid expenses and other current assets

 669

 (516

 )

 (2,149

 )

 (408

 )

 (43

 )

 Inventories

 (789

 )

 (1,588

 )

 (3,777

 )

 (1,881

 )

 &#151;

 Other assets

 (516

 )

 (689

 )

 (759

 )

 28

 (52

 )

 Accounts payable, trade

 (5,225

 )

 3,293

 7,991

 758

 120

 Accrued expenses

 1,701

 1,079

 1,732

 581

 274

 Accrued employee benefits

 (320

 )

 236

 857

 74

 49

 Deferred revenue

 4,070

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Net cash used in operating activities

 (21,245

 )

 (11,549

 )

 (21,102

 )

 (9,955

 )

 (765

 )

 Cash flows from investing activities:

 Purchases of property and equipment

 (1,608

 )

 (573

 )

 (553

 )

 (233

 )

 (18

 )

 Purchases of intangible assets

 &#151;

 (1,500

 )

 (1,500

 )

 &#151;

 (101

 )

 Deposits received

 138

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Sales (purchase) of short-term investments

 73

 5

 3,732

 (3,805

 )

 (2

 )

 Net cash provided by (used) in investing activities

 (1,397

 )

 (2,068

 )

 1,679

 (4,038

 )

 (121

 )

 Cash flows from financing activities:

 Proceeds from convertible promissory note

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 4,004

 &#151;

 Proceeds from (repayments of) senior loan

 5,000

 (4,000

 )

 (4,000

 )

 4,000

 &#151;

 Proceeds from issuance of debt

 1,444

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Repayment of capital lease

 (630

 )

 (44

 )

 (89

 )

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs

 &#151;

 42,528

 42,528

 &#151;

 11,498

 Proceeds from issuance of common stock

 124

 97

 542

 121

 89

 Issuance costs, Series A preferred stock

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (19

 )

 &#151;

 Net cash (used) provided by financing activities

 5,938

 38,581

 38,981

 8,106

 11,587

 Impact of foreign exchange on cash

 85

 (7

 )

 (3

 )

 13

 &#151;

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

 (16,619

 )

 24,957

 19,555

 (5,874

 )

 10,701

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

 24,382

 4,827

 4,827

 10,701

 &#151;

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

 $

 7,763

 $

 29,784

 $

 24,382

 $

 4,827

 $

 10,701

 Supplementary disclosures of cash flow information:

 Cash paid during the period:

 Interest

 $

 106

 $

 76

 $

 121

 $

 47

 $

 &#151;

 Income taxes

 84

 63

 84

 6

 &#151;

 Disclosure of material non-cash items:

 Issuance of common stock for purchase of intangible assets

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 1,313

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Issuance of warrants

 186

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Vesting of stock options early exercised

 45

 9

 465

 98

 14

 Conversion of notes to Series B preferred stock and
 preferred stock warrants

 &#151;

 4,000

 4,000

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Assets acquired under capital lease

 1,584

 &#151;

 1,129

 &#151;

 &#151;

 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

 F-46

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2007 and 2006
 (unaudited) and 

 the Years Ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 and the
 period from 

 inception (June 14, 2004) to December 31,
 2004 

 Amounts in thousands except share and per-share data 

 (1) 

 Organization 

 (a) 

 Description
 of Business 

 Sling Media, Inc. (&#147;the Company&#148;), incorporated in the
 state of Delaware on June 14, 2004, manufactures consumer
 electronic products that enable users to watch and interact with
 their subscription television through an internet connected
 computer or mobile device.

 (b) 

 Basis
 of Presentation 

 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
 the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries: Sling Media
 Private Limited, Sling Media Pte, Limited, Sling Media UK
 Limited and Sling Media Ireland Limited. The consolidated
 financial statements include accounts of all wholly-owned
 subsidiaries after elimination of intercompany accounts and
 transactions.

 In September, 2007, the Company agreed to be acquired by
 EchoStar Communications Corporation (&#147;EchoStar&#148;) for
 approximately $380,000. EchoStar, through a wholly-owned
 subsidiary, was already an investor in the Company.

 (c) 

 Reclassification 

 Certain reclassifications have been made to the 2005
 consolidated financial statements to conform to 2006
 presentation.

 (d) 

 Unaudited
 Interim Financial Information 

 The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements as
 of September 30, 2007, and for the nine months ended
 September 30, 2007 and 2006 have been prepared in
 accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
 United States (&#147;U.S.&#148;) and Article 10 of
 Regulation S-X 
 for interim financial information. The unaudited consolidated
 financial statements as of September 30, 2007 and for the
 nine-month periods ended September 30, 2007 and 2006 have
 been prepared on the same basis as the consolidated financial
 statements as of December 31, 2006 and 2005 and for each of
 the years then ended and the period from inception
 (June 14, 2004) to December 31, 2004 included
 therein, and in the opinion of management, reflect all
 adjustments, consisting only of normal and recurring accruals,
 considered necessary to present fairly the Company&#146;s
 consolidated financial position as of September 30, 2007
 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash
 flows for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2007
 and 2006. However, they do not include all of the information
 and footnotes required by accounting principles generally
 accepted in the U.S. (U.S. GAAP) for complete
 financial statements. The consolidated results of operations for
 the nine months ended September 30, 2007 are not
 necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for
 the year ending December 31, 2007 or for any other period.

 (2) 

 Summary
 of Significant Accounting Policies 

 (a) 

 Use of
 Estimates 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the
 U.S. requires management to make estimates and assumptions
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at
 the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
 revenues and expenses during the

 F-47

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 reporting period. Management periodically evaluates such
 estimates and assumptions for continued reasonableness.
 Appropriate adjustments, if any, to the estimates used are made
 prospectively based upon such periodic evaluation. Actual
 results could differ from those estimates.

 (b) 

 Fair
 Value of Financial Instruments 

 For certain financial instruments, including cash and cash
 equivalents, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts
 receivable, and accounts payable, recorded amount approximates
 fair value due to their relatively short maturity period.

 (c) 

 Cash
 Equivalents and Short-Term Investments 

 The Company classifies all highly liquid investments purchased
 with an original or remaining maturity of three months or less
 at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents and those
 investments with an original or remaining maturity of greater
 than three months to be short-term investments. Both are stated
 at cost, which approximates fair value. Cash equivalents and
 short-term investments are maintained with several high credit
 quality financial institutions. The Company&#146;s investments
 consist primarily of cash, money market investments, and
 certificates of deposits amounting to $73 and $3,805 at
 December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Although the
 Company deposits its cash with multiple financial institutions,
 its deposits exceed insured amounts.

 (d) 

 Concentration
 of Credit Risk 

 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
 concentration of credit risk consist principally of trade
 accounts receivable. The Company&#146;s trade receivables result
 from sales of its products to large, well-established wholesale
 and retail distributors, primarily located in the U.S. and
 the European Union. Management reviews the creditworthiness of
 its customers in the ordinary course of business, and further
 reviews the need for allowances for potential credit losses. At
 December 31, 2006 and 2005 there were no such allowances.

 As of December 31, 2006, three customers individually
 accounted for 43%, 28% and 13% of total accounts receivable and
 16%, 31% and 24% of total revenue. As of December 31, 2005,
 two customers individually accounted for 57% and 22% of total
 accounts receivable and 58% and 35% of total revenue.

 (e) 

 Restricted
 Cash 

 As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, $400 and $ &#151;
 were classified as restricted on the accompanying consolidated
 balance sheets, and consist of a certificate of deposit held by
 a financial institution for the benefit of the landlord of the
 Company&#146;s corporate headquarters.

 (f) 

 Inventories 

 Inventories, which consist primarily of finished goods held for
 sale, are stated at the lower of cost (determined on a
 weighted-average basis) or market. Products are built by
 contract manufacturers to Company specifications. The Company
 depends on a few manufacturers for its finished good products.
 The Company periodically reviews its inventories and reduces the
 carrying value for slow-moving or obsolete items to the
 estimated market value, if lower, based upon assumptions about
 future demand and market conditions.

 (g) 

 Property
 and Equipment 

 Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated
 depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is
 computed using the straight-line method based on the estimated
 useful lives of three to five years for the respective assets.
 Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis
 over the shorter

 F-48

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 of the lease term or estimated useful life of the assets.
 Depreciation and amortization expense of property and equipment
 for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 was $294 and
 $54, respectively, and $1 for the period from inception
 (June 14, 2004) to December 31, 2004, is included
 as a component of operating expenses, dependent upon the
 department to which the asset is allocated, in the accompanying
 consolidated statements of operations.

 (h) 

 Intangible
 Assets 

 Intangible assets with finite lives, which consist of patents
 and other intellectual property assets, are stated at cost less
 accumulated amortization. Amortization is computed using the
 straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the
 assets of three to ten years, respectively. Amortization expense
 for intangible assets with finite lives for the years ended
 December 31, 2006 and 2005 was $72 and $16, respectively,
 and $7 for the period from inception (June 14,
 2004) to December 31, 2004, and is included as a
 component of costs of goods sold in the accompanying
 consolidated statements of operations. Amortization expense is
 expected to be $293 for 2007, $289 for 2008, 2009 and 2010, and
 $1,658 thereafter.

 (i) 

 Foreign
 Currency Translation 

 The functional currencies of the Company&#146;s
 non-U.S. subsidiaries 
 are their respective local currencies. Asset and liability
 balances denominated in
 non-U.S. dollar 
 currencies are translated into U.S. dollars using
 period-end exchange rates, while revenues and expenses based
 upon the exchange rate at the time of the transaction, if known,
 or at the average rate for the period. Differences are recorded
 as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
 Financial assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other
 than the functional currency are recorded at the exchange rate
 at the time of the transaction and subsequent gains and losses
 related to changes in the foreign currency are included in other
 income and expense. Net transaction gains (losses) during 2006,
 2005 and for the period of inception (June 14,
 2004) through December 31, 2004 were not significant.

 (j) 

 Impairment
 of Long-Lived Assets 

 In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 (&#147;SFAS&#148;) No. 144, Accounting for the
 Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets , long-lived
 assets, such as property and equipment and intangible assets
 with finite lives, are reviewed for impairment whenever events
 or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
 an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be
 held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount
 of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected
 to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset
 exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is
 recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the
 asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. There were no
 indicators of impairment for any period presented.

 (k) 

 Income
 Taxes 

 Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability
 method as prescribed by SFAS No. 109, Accounting
 For Income Taxes . Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
 recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to
 differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of
 existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
 tax rates expected to apply to taxable income (loss) in the
 years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
 recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and
 liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in
 the period of enactment. The Company is subject to foreign
 income taxes on its foreign operations.

 F-49

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 (l) 

 Stock-Based
 Compensation and Equity Instruments Issued to Nonemployees for
 Services 

 Effective January 1, 2006, the Company adopted
 SFAS No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment which
 requires that all stock-based compensation be recognized as an
 expense in the financial statements and that such cost be
 measured at the fair value of the award. This statement was
 adopted using the Prospective method of application, which
 requires the Company to recognize compensation cost on a
 prospective basis. Therefore, prior years&#146; financial
 statements have not been restated.

 Under this method, the Company has recorded stock-based
 compensation expense only for awards granted or modified after
 January 1, 2006, based on estimated grant date fair value
 using the Black-Scholes, single option award approach, which
 requires the Company to estimate the fair-value of its common
 stock, expected term, expected volatility, risk-free interest
 rate, and dividend yield. For expected term, the Company has
 estimated the life over which each award will remain outstanding
 based on expected behavior of the optionees. Because there is no
 open market for the Company&#146;s stock, expected volatility is
 based upon the historical volatility of several other companies
 in the Company&#146;s peer group. This peer group was the same
 as was used in determining the Company&#146;s common stock
 valuation. Risk-free interest rate is based on an average
 interest rate based on U.S. Treasury instruments whose term
 is consistent with the expected term of the Company&#146;s
 awards. Estimated forfeitures represent the Company&#146;s
 historical forfeiture rate. As the Company has not declared
 dividends for any period presented, and does not anticipate
 doing so in the future, dividend yield is zero.

 These variables are highly subjective, determined on a periodic
 basis and can vary over time, thus changes in these assumptions
 can materially affect the fair value estimate. The Company will
 continue to evaluate the assumptions used to derive estimated
 fair value as new events or changes in circumstances occur.

 Compensation cost is recognized in the results of operations
 over the period during which an employee provides the requisite
 service in exchange for the award, and is adjusted for expected
 forfeitures.

 Prior to January 1, 2006, the Company accounted for
 stock-based employee compensation using the intrinsic value
 method in accordance with the provisions of Accounting
 Principles Board (&#147;APB&#148;) Opinion No. 25,
 Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees , Financial
 Accounting Standards Boards (&#147;FASB&#148;) Interpretation
 (&#147;FIN&#148;) No. 44, Accounting for Certain
 Transactions Involving Stock Compensation &#151; an
 Interpretation of APB Opinion No. 25 , and Emerging
 Issues Task Force (&#147;EITF&#148;) Issue
 No. 00-23, 
 Issues Related to the Accounting for Stock Compensation .
 Under APB Opinion No. 25, compensation expense is based on
 the difference, if any, between the fair value of the
 Company&#146;s common stock and the exercise price of the option
 on the measurement date, which is typically the date of grant
 and would be recognized on a straight-line basis.

 The Company accounted for equity instruments granted to
 non-employees under EITF Issue
 No. 96-18, 
 Accounting for Equity Instruments That Are Issued to Other
 Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling,
 Goods or Services . The options are recorded at fair value
 using the Black-Scholes model and are measured and recognized in
 accordance with EITF No.
 96-18 and
 FIN No. 28.

 Refer to Note 10 for additional discussion regarding
 details of the Company&#146;s stock-based compensation plans,
 adoption of SFAS 123(R) and recognized compensation expense.

 (m) 

 Shares
 Subject to Repurchase 

 The Company has granted to founders shares of restricted stock
 that are subject to repurchase at the original exercise price
 until they vest. The Company&#146;s stock option plan also
 allows certain employees to exercise options prior to vesting.
 Upon the exercise of an option prior to vesting, the Company has
 a right to repurchase the shares purchased upon exercise of the
 option at the original exercise price; provided, however, that
 its right to repurchase theses shares will lapse in accordance
 with the vesting schedule included in the

 F-50

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 optionee&#146;s option agreement. In accordance with
 EITF 00-23, 
 Issues Related to Accounting for Stock Compensation under APB
 25 and FIN 44, the consideration received for
 restricted stock and for the exercise of an option is considered
 to be a deposit of the exercise price, and the related dollar
 amount is recorded as a liability. This liability is then
 reclassified into equity on a ratable basis as the award vests.
 As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively, 2,457,057
 and 4,030,402 shares were issued but subject to repurchase.
 These shares are presented as outstanding on the accompanying
 consolidated statements of stockholders&#146; equity and
 consolidated balance sheets. See Note 2(n) for discussion of
 treatment of these shares in Loss per Share.

 (n) 

 Loss
 Per Share 

 Basic loss per share is computed using the weighted average
 number of shares outstanding during each period, including
 restricted shares outstanding during the period, less the
 weighted average number of shares of common stock that are
 subject to repurchase. Diluted loss per share is computed by
 including the dilutive effect of common stock that would be
 issued assuming conversion or exercise of outstanding
 convertible notes, convertible preferred stock, stock options,
 warrants, stock based compensation awards and other dilutive
 securities. For the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005,
 and the period from inception (June 14, 2004) to
 December 31, 2004, and the nine-month periods ended
 September 30, 2007 and 2006, there is no difference between
 the Company&#146;s basic and diluted net loss per share
 attributable to holders of common stock because losses were
 incurred in each of the periods presented. The following table
 presents the calculation of basic and diluted net loss per share:

 Inception 

 (June 14, 

 Nine-Month Period Ended 

 Year Ended 

 2004 to 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 (Unaudited) 

 Net Loss

 $

 (31,098

 )

 $

 (15,049

 )

 $

 (20,932

 )

 $

 (3,612

 )

 $

 (1,121

 )

 Basic and diluted weighted shares:

 Weighted average number of shares outstanding

 10,026,145

 8,841,052

 8,954,320

 7,991,763

 7,788,163

 Less: Weighted average number of shares subject to repurchase

 (1,927,198

 )

 (3,306,008

 )

 (3,100,850

 )

 (4,540,744

 )

 (6,425,663

 )

 Weighted average number of shares used in computing basic and
 diluted net loss per share

 8,098,947

 5,535,044

 5,853,470

 3,451,019

 1,362,500

 Basic and diluted net loss per share

 $

 (3.84

 )

 $

 (2.72

 )

 $

 (3.58

 )

 $

 (1.05

 )

 $

 (0.82

 )

 F-51

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 Potential shares of common stock, which have been excluded from
 the determination of net loss per share for the years ended
 December 31, 2006 and 2005, the period from inception
 (June 14, 2004) to December 31, 2004 and the
 unaudited nine month periods ended September 30, 2006 and
 2007, respectively, since their effect was anti-dilutive,
 consisted of potential shares issuable upon the exercise of
 outstanding options, shares of restricted common stock subject
 to repurchase and shares of common stock issuable upon the
 conversion of outstanding Series B and Series A
 Convertible Preferred Stock and are as follows:

 Inception 

 (June 14, 

 Nine Month Period Ended 

 Year Ended 

 2004) to 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 (Unaudited) 

 Shares issuable under stock options

 2,897,198

 2,291,814

 2,733,157

 1,650,626

 1,165,126

 Shares exercised but unvested and subject to repurchase

 1,022,896

 679,412

 1,207,057

 905,402

 398,263

 Shares of restricted stock subject to repurchase

 &#151;

 1,718,750

 1,250,000

 3,125,000

 5,000,000

 Shares issuable upon conversion of preferred stock

 15,454,353

 15,454,353

 15,454,353

 7,759,082

 7,759,082

 Shares issuable upon conversion of convertible debt

 825,083

 &#151;

 &#151;

 2,681,325

 &#151;

 Shares issuable upon exercise of warrants

 251,846

 227,093

 227,093

 187,693

 &#151;

 Basic and diluted net loss per share

 20,451,375

 20,371,422

 20,871,660

 16,309,128

 14,322,471

 (o) 

 Software
 Development Costs 

 The Company accounts for internally generated software
 development costs in accordance with SFAS No. 86,
 Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software to be Sold,
 Leased, or Otherwise Marketed . Capitalization of software
 development costs begins upon the establishment of technological
 feasibility of the product, which the Company defines as the
 development of a working model which generally occurs upon the
 completion of beta testing of the software. The establishment of
 technological feasibility and the ongoing assessment of the
 recoverability of these costs requires considerable judgment by
 management with respect to certain external factors, including,
 but not limited to, anticipated future gross product revenue,
 estimated economic life, and changes in technology. To date,
 internal software development costs that were eligible for
 capitalization have been insignificant, and the Company has
 charged all software development costs to research and
 development expenses as incurred.

 (p) 

 Revenue
 Recognition 

 Revenue is derived from sales of its products to wholesale and
 retail distributors. The Company recognizes revenues in
 accordance with SOP
 97-2, 
 Software Revenue Recognition , as amended. Revenue is
 recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
 delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable and
 collection is probable. If any of these criteria are not met,
 revenue recognition is deferred until such time as all of the
 criteria are met.

 The Company establishes allowances for expected product returns
 in accordance with SFAS No. 48, Revenue Recognition
 When Right of Return Exists . These allowances are recorded
 as a direct reduction of revenues and accounts receivable.

 In accordance with
 EITF 01-09, 
 Accounting for Consideration Given by a Vendor to a Customer
 (Including a Reseller of the Vendors Products) , certain
 payments to retailers and distributors such as market
 development

 F-52

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 funds and co-operative advertising are shown as a reduction of
 revenue rather than as sales and marketing expense. The Company
 also records rebates offered to consumers as a reduction to
 revenue. The classification of these items was as follows:

 Nine Months 

 Ended 

 Period from 

 September 30 

 Inception 

 (unaudited) 

 Year Ending December 31 

 (June 14, 2004) to 

 2007 

 2006 

 2006 

 2005 

 December 31, 2004 

 Reductions to revenue

 782

 1,153

 1,539

 572

 &#151;

 Sales and marketing expense

 1,480

 176

 600

 &#151;

 &#151;

 2,262

 1,329

 2,139

 572

 &#151;

 (q) 

 Warranty 

 The Company offers a basic limited parts and labor warranty on
 its hardware products. The basic warranty period for hardware
 products is typically one year from the date of purchase by the
 end-user. The Company currently estimates warranty costs at the
 time the related revenue is recognized based on historical
 warranty cost. As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, the
 Company had reserves totaling $68 and $ &#151; ,
 respectively.

 (r) 

 Cost
 of Sales 

 Cost of sales consists primarily of the cost of finished goods
 as charged by the Company&#146;s outsourced manufacturer. Cost
 of sales also includes fees paid to the Company&#146;s
 third-party customer support providers and amortization of
 intangible assets.

 (s) 

 Shipping
 and Handling Costs 

 Shipping and handling costs for 2006, 2005 and the period from
 inception (June 14, 2004) through December 31,
 2004 totaling $256, $69 and $ &#151; , respectively, are
 classified as a component of sales and marketing expense in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of operations.

 (t) 

 Comprehensive
 Loss 

 Comprehensive loss, as defined by SFAS No. 130,
 Reporting Comprehensive Income , includes all non-owner
 changes to shareholders&#146; equity. For the years ended
 December 31, 2006 and 2005 comprehensive loss differed from
 reported net loss by the cumulative translation adjustment.
 There was no such difference for the period from inception
 (June 14, 2004) through December 31, 2004.

 (u) 

 Advertising
 Costs 

 The Company expenses the cost of advertising as incurred.
 Advertising expense costs for 2006, 2005 and the period from
 inception (June 14, 2004) through December 31,
 2004 totaling $12,556, $3,529 and $33, respectively, are
 included as a component of sales and marketing expense in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of operations.

 (v) 

 Legal
 Proceedings 

 From time to time, the Company may be involved in claims or
 lawsuits that arise in the ordinary course of business. We
 reserve for legal contingencies when a liability for those
 contingencies has become probable and the cost is reasonably
 estimable, in accordance with SFAS No. 5,
 Accounting for Contingencies . Any significant litigation
 or significant change in estimates on outstanding litigation
 could cause an increase in the provision for related costs,
 which, in turn, could materially affect financial results. Any
 provision made for

 F-53

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 these legal contingencies are expensed to general and
 administrative or research and development, dependent upon the
 nature of the case, in the accompanying consolidated statements
 of operations. Although the outcome of these claims or lawsuits
 cannot be ascertained, on the basis of present information and
 advice from counsel, it is management&#146;s opinion that the
 ultimate outcome will not have a material adverse effect on the
 Company.

 (w) 

 Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements 

 In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, The
 Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial
 Liabilities-Including and amendment of FASB Statement
 No. 115. SFAS No. 159 permits entities to
 choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other
 items at fair value. This statement provides entities the
 opportunity to mitigate volatility in reported earnings caused
 by measuring related assets and liabilities differently without
 having to apply complex hedge accounting provisions. This
 statement is effective as of the beginning of an entity&#146;s
 first fiscal year that begins after November 15, 2007.
 Management is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this
 statement.

 In November 2006 the FASB ratified the EITF consensus reached in
 EITF Issue
 No. 06-6, 
 Debtor&#146;s Accounting for a Modification (or Exchange) of
 Convertible Debt Instruments , which provides guidance for
 debtor&#146;s accounting for a modification or exchange of
 convertible debt instruments. The guidance is effective for
 modifications or exchanges of debt occurring in interim or
 annual reporting periods beginning after November, 2006, thus
 for the periods presented there is no impact.

 In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157,
 Fair Value Measurements , which defines fair value,
 provides a framework for measuring fair value, and expands the
 disclosures required for fair value measurements.
 SFAS No. 157 applies to other accounting
 pronouncements that require fair value measurements; it does not
 require any new fair value measurements. SFAS No. 157
 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15,
 2007 (certain provisions related to nonfinancial assets and
 liabilities have been deferred to fiscal years beginning after
 November 15, 2008). Although the Company will continue to
 evaluate the application of SFAS No. 157, management
 does not currently believe adoption will have a material impact
 on the Company&#146;s results of operations or financial
 position.

 In June 2006, the FASB issued FIN No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes &#151; an
 Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 . FIN
 No. 48 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income
 taxes by creating a framework for how companies should
 recognize, measure, present, and disclose in their financial
 statements uncertain tax positions that they have taken or
 expect to take in a tax return. FIN No. 48 is effective for
 fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006 and is
 required to be adopted by the Company beginning in fiscal 2007.
 Management has adopted the standard and it currently will not
 have a material impact on the Company&#146;s results of
 operations or financial position.

 (3) 

 Balance
 Sheets Components 

 The following tables provide details of selected balance sheet
 items as of December 31, 2006 and 2005:

 December 31, 

 2006 

 2005 

 Inventories:

 Raw material

 $

 577

 $

 401

 Finished goods

 5,080

 1,480

 $

 5,657

 $

 1,881

 F-54

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 December 31, 

 2006 

 2005 

 Property and equipment:

 Computer equipment

 $

 742

 $

 178

 Software

 517

 15

 Furniture and fixtures

 476

 34

 Leasehold improvements

 10

 &#151;

 Other equipment

 189

 25

 1,934

 252

 Less: accumulated depreciation

 (349

 )

 (55

 )

 $

 1,585

 $

 197

 Intangible assets:

 Purchased technology

 $

 2,888

 $

 75

 Capitalized patent costs

 25

 25

 2,913

 100

 Less: accumulated amortization

 (95

 )

 (23

 )

 $

 2,818

 $

 77

 Inventories as of September 30, 2007 consist of $1,593
 (unaudited) of raw material and $4,853 (unaudited) of finished
 goods.

 In November 2006, the Company acquired ownership rights of
 technology in exchange for $1,500 in cash and
 175,000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock, with a
 value of $1,313.

 (4) 

 Senior
 Loan 

 In June 2005, the Company signed a Senior Loan and Security
 Agreement (the Line) in an aggregate principal amount of $4,000
 secured by all tangible and intangible assets of the Company.
 The Line bore interest at 10.25% annually with monthly
 installment repayments due starting February 1, 2006 and
 final payment was due December 1, 2008. The Company drew
 the full amount of the Line, all of which was outstanding as of
 December 31, 2005, which is included as a component of
 current liabilities. On February 28, 2006, the Company paid
 the balance drawn on the Line, in full, and terminated the
 governing agreement.

 The Line also included a provision giving the lender a right to
 purchase shares of the Company&#146;s equity securities up to an
 aggregate amount of $500 upon completion of the Company&#146;s
 next round of financing. As discussed in Note 9, the
 Company completed its Series B round of financing, in which
 the lender participated.

 Additionally, the agreement required the Company to issue the
 lender a warrant to purchase 187,693 shares of
 Series A Preferred Stock. The warrants were bifurcated from
 the debt and valued using the Black-Scholes pricing model. The
 value was determined based on a risk-free interest rate of 4%,
 contractual life of seven years; expected volatility of 70% and
 no expected dividends. The resulting value of approximately $194
 was recorded as a discount on the Line, and for the year ended
 December 31, 2006 and 2005 approximately $4 and $31 of the
 discount was accreted into interest expense. Upon the payoff of
 the Line, the remaining discount of $161 was recorded to
 interest expense in 2006.

 (5) 

 Convertible
 Notes Payable 

 On November 18, 2005, the Company entered into a Note and
 Warrant Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which the Company issued
 Convertible Notes (&#147;the Notes&#148;) payable to a lender in
 the aggregate principal amount of $4,000. A Director of the
 Company is a General Partner of the lender. The Notes bore
 interest at

 F-55

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 6% with a stated maturity of one year, and also required the
 Company to issue the lender a warrant to purchase shares of the
 Company&#146;s preferred stock with a value equal to 6% of the
 principal balance of the Notes. The Notes were automatically
 convertible into equity securities issued in the Company&#146;s
 next financing, defined as the sale by the Company of its equity
 securities for gross proceeds of not less than $10,000
 (including the $4,000 aggregate principal and interest
 outstanding under the Notes). If said financing were not to
 occur by November 18, 2006, then, at the option of the
 lender, the notes were convertible into Series A Preferred
 Stock at $1.49 per share subject to anti-dilution adjustments.

 The Company determined that an initial conversion feature
 existed at the commitment date under the guidance of
 EITF 00-27, 
 Application of Issues
 No. 98-5 
 to Certain Convertible Instruments which should be recorded
 based on the best conversion option available to the lender if
 the only circumstances to change were the passage of time. Due
 to the initial conversion price ($1.49) being less than the fair
 value of the Series A Preferred Stock (the stock into which
 the note would convert) at the commitment date, the Company
 recorded a beneficial conversion feature. The value of the
 feature was determined to be in excess of the carrying value of
 the debt and, as such, a debt discount equal to the carrying
 value of the $4,000 principal was recorded, which reduced the
 carrying value of the debt to zero, with a corresponding
 increase to additional paid-in capital. This discount was
 accreted into interest expense in the accompanying consolidated
 statements of operations over the life of the Notes, and for the
 years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, totaled $250 and
 $471, respectively.

 As discussed in Note 9, the Company completed its
 Series B financing round, during which the Company raised
 in excess of the $10,000 trigger in the Notes agreement
 discussed above. Under the terms of the Notes agreement, this
 financing automatically adjusted the conversion price to the
 $6.06 per share price raised in the Series B financing. In
 accordance with the provisions of
 EITF 00-27, 
 the Company recalculated the beneficial conversion feature as a
 result of the change in conversion price, and determined that
 the new value of the beneficial conversion feature was
 de minimus. Accordingly, the remaining un-accreted portion
 of the debt discount was reversed by reducing additional paid-in
 capital and increasing the debt balance to the original $4,000.
 This debt balance and accrued interest thereon were converted
 into 666,727 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. There
 was no impact on the consolidated statement of operations as a
 result of the conversion.

 Additionally, upon conversion, the Company issued 39,400
 warrants to acquire Series B Preferred Stock to the lender,
 valued using the Black-Scholes pricing model. The value was
 determined based on a risk-free interest rate of 4%, contractual
 life of five years, expected volatility of 75%, and no expected
 dividend yield. The resulting value of approximately $153 was
 recorded as a separate component of shareholder&#146;s equity.

 In September 2007, the Company entered into a Revolving Credit
 Agreement pursuant to which the Company issued Convertible Notes
 (&#147;the Notes&#148;) payable to a lender in the aggregate
 principal amount of $5,000. A Director of the Company is a
 General Partner of the lender. The Notes bore interest at 9%
 with a stated maturity of June 2008. The Notes were
 automatically convertible into equity securities issued in the
 Company&#146;s next financing, defined as the sale by the
 Company of its equity securities for gross proceeds of not less
 than $15,000 (including the $5,000 aggregate principal and
 interest outstanding under the Notes). If said financing were
 not to occur by June 7, 2008, then, at the option of the
 lender, the notes were convertible into Series B Preferred
 Stock at $6.06 per share subject to anti-dilution adjustments.
 Due to the initial conversion price ($6.06) being less than the
 fair value of the Series B Preferred Stock (the stock into
 which the note would convert) at the commitment date, the
 Company recorded a beneficial conversion feature. The value of
 the feature was determined to be in excess of the carrying value
 of the debt and, as such, a debt discount equal to the carrying
 value of the $5,000 principal was recorded, which reduced the
 carrying value of the debt to zero, with a corresponding
 increase to additional paid-in capital. This discount is being
 accreted into interest expense in the accompanying consolidated
 statements of operations over the life of the Notes, and for the
 nine month period ended September 30, 2007, totaled $367
 (unaudited). The aggregate principal and

 F-56

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 interest outstanding under the Notes was repaid by EchoStar
 Communications Corporation in connection with its acquisition of
 Sling Media, Inc. as discussed in Note 13.

 (6) 

 Capital
 Lease Obligations 

 The Company has non-cancelable capital lease agreements in place
 for furniture and fixtures, software, and various computer and
 office equipment. As of December 31, 2006, and 2005
 balances of $1,129 and $ &#151; were capitalized as
 components of property, plant and equipment, respectively, in
 the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Related accumulated
 depreciation of $86 and $ &#151; , respectively was also
 recorded in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Short-
 and long-term obligations are shown as components of notes
 payable and long-term liabilities, respectively, in the
 accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The Company recognized
 $86, $ &#151; and $ &#151; of depreciation expense
 related to assets held under capital leases for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and the period from inception
 (June 14, 2004) through December 31, 2004,
 respectively, as a component of operating expenses depending on
 which department to which the asset was assigned, in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of operation.

 Future minimum lease payments under these capital lease
 obligations for the nine months ended September 30, 2007
 and year ended December 31, 2006, respectively are as
 follows:

 Nine Months 

 Ended 

 September 30, 

 Year Ended 

 2007 

 December 31, 

 (unaudited) 

 2006 

 2007

 $

 258

 $

 378

 2008

 1,402

 342

 2009

 1,350

 217

 2010

 510

 112

 2011

 109

 109

 Total minimum lease payments

 3,629

 1,158

 Less: amount representing interest

 (260

 )

 (187

 )

 Present value of net minimum lease payments

 3,369

 971

 Less: current portion

 (1,053

 )

 (297

 )

 Long-term portion of capital lease obligations

 $

 2,316

 $

 674

 During the unaudited nine-month period in 2007, the Company
 issued warrants to purchase 24,753 shares of Series B
 Preferred stock with a determined value of $186 in conjunction
 with the formation of a capital lease agreement. The value was
 determined based on a risk-free interest rate of 4%, contractual
 life of five years; expected volatility of 75% and no expected
 dividends. The value of the warrants was recorded to the
 accompanying consolidated balance sheets as a discount to the
 short and long term portions of capital lease obligations, and
 the discount accreted to interest expense over the life of the
 lease agreement, which is four years. Interest expense related
 to this transaction for the nine-month period ended
 September 30, 2007 was $29.

 F-57

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 (7) 

 Future
 Commitments and Obligations 

 The Company rents facilities under non-cancelable operating
 lease agreements. As of December 31, 2006, future minimum
 payments under these leases are as follows:

 For the year ended December 31,

 2007

 $

 827

 2008

 822

 2009

 817

 2010

 734

 2011 and Thereafter

 821

 The terms of certain of the lease agreements provide for rental
 payments on a graduated basis, and accordingly the Company
 recognizes related rent expense on the straight-line basis over
 the term of the lease.

 Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005
 and the period from inception (June 14, 2004) through
 December 31, 2004 was $443, $129 and $28, respectively.

 In August, 2006, the Company entered into an operating lease
 agreement for its new corporate headquarters. Rather than
 terminate the lease agreement for its previous headquarters, the
 Company entered into a sub-lease agreement with a third party.
 The terms of the sub-lease are such that the Company expects to
 recoup all rent and rent-related expenses through the end of the
 lease period in May 2008. Sublease income is expected to total
 $166 and $69 in 2007 and 2008, respectively. Rental payments for
 both the old and new facility are included in the commitments
 table above.

 In September, 2006, the Company entered into an operating lease
 agreement for its new India operations facilities. Rather than
 terminate the lease agreement for its previous location, the
 Company entered into a
 sub-lease 
 agreement with a third party. The terms of the sub-lease are
 such that the Company expects to recoup all rent and
 rent-related expenses through the end of the lease period in
 January 2009. Sublease income is expected to total $349 in 2007,
 $202 in 2008, and $12 in 2009, respectively. Rental payments for
 both the old and new facility are included in the commitments
 table above.

 The Company purchases materials from many domestic and foreign
 suppliers. The Company has no long-term purchase commitments or
 arrangements with any of its suppliers, and believes it is not
 dependent on any one supplier.

 The Company undertakes indemnification obligations in its
 ordinary course of business. For instance, the Company has
 undertaken to indemnify its underwriters and certain investors
 in connection with the issuance and sale of its securities. The
 Company has also undertaken to indemnify certain customers and
 business partners for, among other things, the licensing of its
 technology, the sale of its products, and the provision of
 engineering and consulting services. Pursuant to these
 agreements, the Company may indemnify the other party for
 certain losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party in
 connection with various types of claims, which may include,
 without limitation, intellectual property infringement,
 advertising and consumer disclosure laws, certain tax
 liabilities, negligence and intentional acts in the performance
 of services and violations of laws. The term of these
 indemnification obligations is generally perpetual. The
 Company&#146;s obligation to provide indemnification generally
 would arise in the event that a third party filed a claim
 against one of the parties that was covered by the
 Company&#146;s indemnification obligation. As an example, if a
 third party sued a customer for intellectual property
 infringement arising from the use of the Company&#146;s product
 and the Company agreed to indemnify that customer against such
 claims, its obligation would be triggered.

 The Company is unable to estimate with any reasonable accuracy
 the liability that may be incurred pursuant to its
 indemnification obligations. A few of the variables affecting
 any such assessment include but are not limited to: the nature
 of the claim asserted; the relative merits of the claim; the
 financial ability of the party

 F-58

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 suing the indemnified party to engage in protracted litigation;
 the number of parties seeking indemnification; the nature and
 amount of damages claimed by the party suing the indemnified
 party; and the willingness of such party to engage in settlement
 negotiations. Due to the nature of the Company&#146;s potential
 indemnity liability, its indemnification obligations could range
 from immaterial to having a material adverse impact on its
 financial position and its ability to continue operation in the
 ordinary course of business

 (8) 

 Income
 Taxes 

 The components of net loss before income taxes are as follows:

 Period From 

 Inception 

 (June 14, 

 2004) 

 Through 

 December 31, 

 December 31, 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 United States

 $

 (21,028

 )

 $

 (3,649

 )

 $

 (1,121

 )

 Foreign

 170

 62

 &#151;

 Total net loss before income taxes

 $

 (20,858

 )

 $

 (3,587

 )

 $

 (1,121

 )

 The provision for income taxes consisted of the following:

 Period from 

 Inception 

 (June 14, 

 2004) 

 Through 

 December 31, 

 December 31, 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 Current:

 Federal

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 State and local

 14

 3

 &#151;

 Foreign

 60

 22

 &#151;

 Total

 74

 25

 &#151;

 Deferred:

 Federal

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 State and local

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Foreign

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Total

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Provision for income taxes

 $

 74

 $

 25

 $

 &#151;

 The reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate to
 the Company&#146;s effective income tax rate is as follows.

 F-59

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 Period from 

 Inception 

 (June 14, 2004) 

 December 31, 

 Through 

 2006 

 2005 

 December 31, 2004 

 Loss before income taxes

 $

 (20,858

 )

 $

 (3,587

 )

 $

 (1,121

 )

 U.S. statutory rate

 (7,092

 )

 34.0

 %

 (1,220

 )

 34.0

 %

 (381

 )

 34.0

 %

 State taxes

 (1,604

 )

 7.7

 2

 (0.1

 )

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Foreign rate differential

 (10

 )

 0.1

 1

 0.0

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Permanent items

 (1,812

 )

 8.7

 47

 (1.3

 )

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Other

 23

 (0.1

 )

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Valuation allowance

 10,569

 (50.8

 )

 1,195

 (33.3

 )

 381

 (34.0

 )

 $

 74

 (0.4

 )%

 $

 25

 (0.7

 )%

 $

 &#151;

 &#151;

 %

 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary
 differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
 liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts
 used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the
 Company&#146;s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as
 follows:

 December 31, 

 2006 

 2005 

 Deferred tax assets 

 Fixed assets

 $

 434

 $

 6

 Accruals and reserves

 446

 294

 State taxes

 0

 1

 Net operating losses

 11,388

 1,234

 Credits

 481

 247

 Stock compensation

 137

 &#151;

 Net deferred tax assets

 $

 12,886

 $

 1,782

 Deferred tax liabilities 

 Intangible assets

 (556

 )

 (21

 )

 Total deferred tax liabilities

 $

 (556

 )

 $

 (21

 )

 Subtotal

 12,330

 1,761

 Valuation allowance

 (12,330

 )

 (1,761

 )

 Total net deferred tax assets/liabilities 

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 As of December 31, 2006, the deferred tax assets were fully
 offset by a valuation allowance. The total valuation allowance
 for the year ended December 31, 2006 was $12,330.

 SFAS No. 109 Accounting for Income Taxes
 provides for the recognition of deferred tax assets if
 realization of such assets is more likely than not to occur.
 Based upon the weight of available evidence, which includes its
 historical operating performance, reported cumulative net losses
 since inception and difficulty in accurately forecasting its
 results, the Company provided a full valuation allowance against
 its net deferred tax assets. The Company reassesses the need for
 its valuation allowance on a quarterly basis.

 As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Company has net
 operating loss carryforwards for federal and state income tax
 purposes of approximately $29,051 and $24,027 and $3,084 and
 $3,123, respectively. The federal

 F-60

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 net operating loss carryforwards expire, if not utilized,
 beginning in the year 2024. The California net operating loss
 carryforwards expire, if not utilized, beginning in the year
 2014.

 As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, unused research and
 development tax credits of approximately $322 and $159 and $141
 and $106 are available to reduce future federal and California
 income taxes, respectively. The federal credit carryforward
 expires, if not utilized, beginning in the year, 2024. The
 California credit will carry forward indefinitely.

 Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards and credits
 may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to the
 ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue
 Code of 1986, as amended, and similar state provisions. The
 annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating
 losses and credits before utilization.

 (9) 

 Shareholders&#146;
 Equity 

 (a) 

 Convertible
 Preferred Stock 

 Convertible Preferred Stock as of December 31, 2006 and
 2005 was comprised of the following:

 Shares 

 Net Proceeds 

 Shares 

 Issued and 

 Liquidation 

 After 

 Authorized 

 Outstanding 

 Preference 

 Issuance Costs 

 2006:

 Series A

 8,400,000

 7,759,082

 $

 11,575

 $

 11,497

 Series B

 7,930,000

 7,695,271

 46,633

 42,528

 Total

 16,330,000

 15,454,353

 $

 58,208

 $

 54,025

 2005:

 Series A

 8,400,000

 7,759,082

 $

 11,575

 $

 11,497

 Series B

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Total

 8,400,000

 7,759,082

 $

 11,575

 $

 11,497

 On January 23, January 31 and February 13, 2006, the
 Company sold 7,695,271 shares of Series B Preferred
 Stock for proceeds of approximately $46,528 net of $107 in
 issuance costs. Shares issued include conversion of debt and
 accrued interest related to notes payable to 666,727 shares
 of Series B Preferred Stock. See Note 5 for further
 discussion. Proceeds from the issuance were used to fund ongoing
 operations and research and development efforts.

 As of December 31, 2006 and 2005 there were 227,293 and
 187,693 warrants outstanding for the right to purchase Preferred
 Series stock, respectively. At September 30, 2007 and 2006
 there were 251,846 and 227,293 warrants outstanding for the
 right to purchase Preferred Series stock, respectively.

 The holders of convertible preferred stock have various rights
 and preferences as follows:

 Voting 

 Each share of both Series A Preferred Stock and
 Series B Preferred Stock has voting rights equal to an
 equivalent number of shares of common stock into which it is
 convertible.

 Dividends 

 Holders of both Series A Preferred Stock and Series B
 Preferred Stock are entitled to receive noncumulative dividends
 out of any assets legally available, prior and in preference to
 any declaration or payment of any

 F-61

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 dividend on the Common Stock of the Company. For holders of
 Series A Preferred Stock the per annum dividend rate is
 $0.1193 per share and for holders of Series B Preferred
 Stock the per annum dividend rate is $0.4848 per share, when and
 if declared by the board of directors (the Board). No dividends
 on convertible preferred stock or common stock were declared by
 the Board for any period presented.

 Liquidation 

 Upon any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company,
 whether voluntary or involuntary, owners of Series B
 Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, prior and in
 preference to owners of Series A Preferred Stock and Common
 Stock, an amount per share equal to the sum of the original
 issue price of $6.06 for the Series B Preferred Stock (as
 adjusted for any stock dividends, splits, combinations,
 recapitalizations, and the like) plus any declared and unpaid
 dividends. If upon occurrence of any such event, the assets and
 funds of the Company legally available for distribution are
 insufficient to permit payment of the aforesaid preferential
 amounts, then the assets and funds of the Company legally
 available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among
 the owners of Series B Preferred Stock in accordance with the
 preferences noted above.

 On completion of the distribution to owners of Series B
 Preferred Stock, the owners of Series A Preferred Stock
 will be entitled to receive, prior to and in preference to the
 owners of Common Stock, an amount per share equal to the sum of
 the original issue price of $1.4918 for the Series A
 Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock dividends, splits,
 combinations, recapitalizations, and the like) plus any declared
 and unpaid dividends. If upon occurrence of any such event, and
 on completion of the distribution to owners of Series B
 Preferred Stock, the remaining assets and funds of the Company
 legally available for distribution are insufficient to permit
 payment of the preferential amounts to owners of Series A
 Preferred Stock, then the assets and funds of the Company
 legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably
 among the owners of Series A Preferred Stock in accordance with
 the preferences noted above.

 After fulfillment of the aforesaid preferences, any remaining
 assets of the Company legally available for distribution shall
 be distributed ratably to the holders of Common Stock.

 The following shall be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution
 or winding up of the Company:

 (A) The closing of the sale, transfer, exclusive license or
 other disposition of all or substantially all of the
 Company&#146;s assets,

 (B) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the
 Company with or into another entity (except a merger or
 consolidation in which the holders of capital stock of the
 Company, immediately prior to such merger or consolidation,
 continue to hold at least 50% of the voting power of the capital
 stock of the Company or the surviving or acquiring entity),

 (C) the closing of the transfer (whether by merger,
 consolidation or otherwise), in one transaction or a series of
 related transactions, to a person or group of affiliated persons
 (other than an underwriter of the Company&#146;s securities), of
 the Company&#146;s securities if, after such closing, such
 person or group of affiliated persons would hold 50% or more of
 the outstanding voting stock of the Company (or surviving or
 acquiring entity), or

 (D) a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company.

 Conversion 

 Each share of both Series B Preferred Stock and
 Series A Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of
 the holder, according to a conversion ratio calculated by
 dividing the applicable original issue price by the applicable
 conversion price. Each share of Preferred Stock automatically
 converts into the number of shares of Common Stock in to which
 such shares are convertible at the then effective conversion
 ratio upon: (1) the closing of a public offering of Common
 stock in which the aggregate public offering price equals or
 exceeds

 F-62

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 $18.18 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, splits,
 combinations, recapitalizations, and the like) and $30,000 in
 the aggregate, or (2) the written consent or agreement of
 the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Preferred
 stock provided, however, that the conversion of the shares of
 Series B Preferred Stock requires the written consent of
 the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of
 Series B Preferred Stock. The per share effective purchase
 price of the Series A Preferred Stock is $1.49 and the
 Series B Preferred Stock is $6.06. The per share conversion
 prices of the Series A Preferred Stock is $1.49 and the
 Series B Preferred Stock is $6.06.

 (b) 

 Common
 Stock 

 The Company&#146;s Articles of Incorporation authorize the
 Company to issue 30,670,000 shares of Common Stock at a par
 value of $0.0001. The Company issued 7,500,000 shares of
 its Common stock to the founders and employees under its stock
 purchase agreement, some of which are subject to certain
 repurchase provisions. As of December 31, 2006 and 2005,
 1,210,286 and 3,083,973 shares, respectively, are subject
 to repurchase. For the majority of such shares of Common Stock
 subject to such repurchase rights, the right of repurchase
 lapses with respect to the first 25% of the shares subject to
 repurchase when the stockholder completes 12 months of
 continuous service after the vesting commencement date. The
 right of repurchase after the first 12 months lapses at a
 rate of 1/48 per month as the stockholder completes each month
 of continuous service.

 As discussed in footnote 2(m), the Company&#146;s stock option
 plan allows certain employees to exercise options prior to their
 having vested. Upon the exercise of an option prior to its
 vesting, the Company has a right to repurchase the shares at the
 option&#146;s original exercise price. For shares that have been
 exercised prior to vesting, the Company has recorded a liability
 for an amount equal to the consideration received. As of
 December 31, 2006 and 2005, 1,207,062 and
 878,267 shares were exercised but not yet vested, and the
 related liability was $576 and $111, respectively, which is
 reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

 In November, 2006 the Company issued 175,000 shares of
 Common Stock valued at $7.50 per share as part of an agreement
 to purchase technology.

 (10) 

 Stock
 Options and Stock-Based Compensation 

 In September 2004, the Company adopted the 2004 Stock Option
 Plan (&#147;the Plan&#148;), which authorizes
 2,490,000 shares of common stock for the granting of stock
 options. The Plan was amended by the board in October 2004 to
 authorize an additional 727,500 shares, and in January and
 August 2006 to authorize an additional 799,580 and
 1,500,000 shares respectively, bringing the total number of
 authorized shares to 5,517,080 (2005 and 2004: 3,217,500). The
 Plan provides for the granting of stock options to employees,
 consultants, and directors of the Company. Options granted under
 the Plan may be either incentive stock options or non-statutory
 stock options. Incentive stock options (ISO) may be granted only
 to Company employees (including officers and directors who are
 also employees). Non-statutory stock options (NSO) may be
 granted to Company employees, consultants and directors.

 Options under the Plan may be granted for periods up to
 10 years and at prices no less than 85% of the estimated
 fair value of the shares on the date of grant as determined by
 the board of directors, provided; however, that (i) the
 exercise price of an ISO and NSO shall not be less than 100% and
 85% of estimated fair value of the shares on the date of grant,
 respectively; and (ii) the exercise price of an ISO and NSO
 granted to a 10% stockholder shall not be less than 110% of the
 estimated fair value of the shares on the date of grant. Options
 generally become exercisable in monthly equal increments over a
 four-year vesting period subject to a first year vesting of 25%
 upon the first year vesting anniversary and expire at the end of
 10 years from the date of grant or sooner if the
 optionee&#146;s service is terminated by the Company.

 F-63

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 Effective January 1, 2006 the Company adopted
 SFAS No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment requiring
 that all stock-based compensation be recognized as an expense in
 the financial statements and that such cost be measured at the
 fair value of the award. This statement was adopted using the
 Prospective method of application, which requires the Company to
 recognize compensation cost on a prospective basis. Therefore,
 prior years&#146; financial statements have not been restated.
 Total non-cash, stock based compensation expense net of related
 tax effect was $4,096 (unaudited), $271 (unaudited) and $1,014
 for the nine months ended September 30, 2007 and 2006 and
 year ended December 31, 2006, respectively, and is
 reflected in the accompanying consolidated statement of
 operations in the same expense categories as the base
 compensation for key employees as follows:

 Nine Months 

 Nine Months 

 Ended 

 Ended 

 Year Ended 

 September 30, 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 2006 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Unaudited) 

 Research and development

 $

 965

 $

 71

 $

 197

 Sales and marketing

 2,126

 123

 482

 General and administrative

 1,005

 77

 335

 Total compensation expense

 $

 4,096

 $

 271

 $

 1,014

 As of September 30, 2007 and 2006 and December 31,
 2006 the Company had $17,361 (unaudited), $4,288 (unaudited) and
 $16,757, respectively, of unrecognized compensation expense
 related to unvested options, based upon an assumed average
 future forfeiture rate of 12% per year, which will be recognized
 over a weighted-average period of approximately 4 years.

 No compensation cost was recognized in the accompanying
 consolidated financial statements of operations prior to 2006 on
 stock options granted to employees, since all options granted
 under the Company&#146;s stock option plan had an exercise price
 equal to the market value of the underlying common stock on the
 date of grant.

 The fair value of each stock option grant is estimated on the
 date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using
 the following weighted-average assumptions:

 September 30, 

 September 30, 

 December 31, 

 2007 

 2006 

 2006 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Unaudited) 

 Fair value of common stock

 $10.25 - $11.00

 $0.35 - 7.50

 $0.35 - 9.84

 Risk free interest rate

 4.37%

 4.71%

 4.71%

 Expected term (in years)

 7 yrs

 7 yrs

 7 yrs

 Dividend yield

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Volatility

 70%

 70%

 70%

 Weighted average grant date fair value

 9.79

 $4.85

 7.36

 F-64

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 A summary of stock option activity for the years ended
 December 31, 2006 2005 and 2004 under the Plan is as
 follows:

 Weighted- 

 Average 

 Available 

 Options 

 Exercise 

 for Grant 

 Outstanding 

 Price 

 Balance as of company inception

 &#151;

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Shares reserved

 3,217,500

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Granted

 (1,563,389

 )

 1,563,389

 0.07

 Exercised

 &#151;

 (398,263

 )

 0.04

 Balance as of December 31, 2004

 1,654,111

 1,165,126

 $

 0.08

 Additional shares reserved

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Granted

 (1,428,000

 )

 1,428,000

 0.15

 Exercised

 &#151;

 (850,000

 )

 0.13

 Forfeited

 92,500

 (92,500

 )

 0.12

 Balance as of December 31, 2005

 318,611

 1,650,626

 $

 0.11

 Additional shares reserved

 2,299,580

 &#151;

 1.52

 Granted

 (2,428,562

 )

 2,428,562

 0.66

 Exercised

 &#151;

 (979,918

 )

 0.55

 Repurchased

 20,017

 (20,017

 )

 0.15

 Forfeited

 346,096

 (346,096

 )

 0.16

 Balance as of December 31, 2006

 555,742

 2,733,157

 $

 0.43

 Granted

 (542,500

 )

 542,500

 1.50

 Exercised

 &#151;

 (129,803

 )

 0.96

 Forfeited

 248,656

 (248,656

 )

 0.58

 Balance at September 30, 2007 (unaudited)

 261,898

 2,897,198

 $

 0.60

 Options exercised during the nine-month period ended
 September 30, 2007 and 2006 and the year ended
 December 31, 2006 had an aggregate intrinsic value of
 $1,371 (unaudited), $923 (unaudited) and $8,351, respectively.

 During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2007 and
 2006 and the year ended December 31, 2006, shares with an
 aggregate fair value of $292 (unaudited), $262 (unaudited) and
 $362, respectively vested. Payments under share-based
 liabilities were not material during the year or for either of
 the nine-month periods.

 As of December 31, 2006 there were 418,638 shares
 vested and outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of
 $0.16, a weighted-average remaining contractual life of
 8.16 years, and aggregate intrinsic value of $4,052. As of
 September 30, 2007, there were 1,006,557 (unaudited) shares
 vested and outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of
 $0.25 (unaudited), a weighted average remaining contractual life
 of 7.64 (unaudited) and aggregate intrinsic value of $11,341
 (unaudited). Aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding
 and options exercisable was $25,715 and $15,134, respectively,
 as of December 31, 2006. Aggregate intrinsic value of
 options outstanding and options exercisable was $33,030
 (unaudited) and $24,201 (unaudited), respectively, as of
 September 30, 2007.

 F-65

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 The Plan provides the right to early exercise options granted
 which may not have vested, however this feature excludes non-US
 employees. The Plan also provides that the Company can
 repurchase those unvested options that were not exercised as of
 an employee&#146;s termination date at the original exercise
 price. The table below reflects those options that are
 exercisable as of December 31, 2006 taking these factors
 into account, and also reflects those shares not exercisable and
 unvested. As of September 30, 2007, exercisable shares
 totaled 2,150,774 (unaudited), less shares exercisable, but
 unvested of 1,144,217 (unaudited), and vested shares were
 1,006,557 (unaudited). The Company expects an additional
 1,438,000 (unaudited) shares to vest during the twelve month
 period ending December 31, 2007.

 Options Outstanding 

 Weighted 

 Average 

 Remaining 

 Options 

 Contractual 

 Exercisable 

 Exercise Price 

 Shares 

 Life (Years) 

 Shares 

 $0.02

 147,750

 7.67

 17,484

 0.08

 202,188

 7.75

 17,851

 0.15

 808,688

 8.19

 358,774

 0.35

 38,000

 9.03

 7,728

 0.43

 393,000

 9.31

 315,832

 0.73

 422,031

 9.67

 383,031

 0.76

 721,500

 9.89

 525,000

 2,733,157

 1,625,700

 Less shares exercisable but unvested

 (1,207,062

 )

 Shares vested

 418,638

 (11) 

 Employee
 Benefit Plans 

 The Company sponsors a 401(k) Employee Savings Plan (&#147;the
 401(k) Plan&#148;) for eligible employees. Employees may make
 voluntary contributions to the 401(k) Plan, however the Company
 does not match contributions of the employees, nor are there any
 discretionary contributions on behalf of the Company to the plan.

 (12) 

 Deferred
 Revenue 

 In August 2007 the Company entered into a Supply, Development,
 and Licensing Agreement with an independent third party,
 pursuant to which the Company agreed to develop and provide
 certain products to the third party. In connection with the
 agreement, the Company received a $4,000 (unaudited) deposit
 from the third party which is classified as long term deferred
 revenue at September 30, 2007. The revenue has been
 deferred due to certain acceptance provisions having not yet
 been met. Due to the uncertainty of the timing of this
 acceptance, the Company has classified the deferred revenue as
 long-term. The revenue is expected to be recognized over the
 remaining term of the arrangement subsequent to acceptance.

 Pursuant to the Supply, Development, and Licensing Agreement,
 the Company issued warrants to the third party to purchase
 75,000 shares of common stock. The warrants vest upon the
 earlier of the delivery of a specified number of products, a
 liquidation event as defined by the Company&#146;s Certificate
 of Incorporation, or the consummation by the Company to sell its
 common stock or other securities under the Securities Act of
 1933, or the termination date of August 2017. As such, the
 warrants were exercised pursuant to the terms of the Warrant
 Agreement in connection with its acquisition of Sling Media,
 Inc. by EchoStar Communications

 F-66

 Table of Contents 

 SLING
 MEDIA, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#151;
 (Continued) 

 Corporation as noted below. The value of the warrants was
 determined to be $797 based on a risk-free interest rate of 4%,
 contractual life of ten years; expected volatility of 75% and no
 expected dividends. These warrants will be accounted for using
 the guidance in
 EITF 01-09, 
 Accounting for Consideration Given by a Vendor to a Customer
 (Including a Reseller of the Vendor&#146;s Products) . This
 guidance will require the value to be recorded once the warrants
 are probable of vesting. This value will then be netted against
 the proceeds from the arrangement and recognized as a revenue
 reduction over the life of the arrangement. As the acquisition
 of the Company was not consummated until October 15, 2007,
 the warrants were not probable of vesting as of
 September 30, 2007.

 (13) 

 Subsequent
 Events 

 On October 15, 2007, EchoStar Communications Corporation
 acquired Sling Media, Inc. for $380,000 in cash and stock
 options.

 F-67

