 
 EX-99.1
 24
 y34577a1exv99w1.htm
 INFORMATION STATEMENT

 exv99w1 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit
 99.1 

 Peabody Energy Corporation 
 701 Market Street 
 St. Louis, Missouri
 63101-1826 

 ,
 2007

 Dear Peabody Energy Corporation Stockholder:

 We are pleased to inform you that
 on ,
 2007, the Board of Directors of Peabody Energy Corporation
 (Peabody) approved the spin-off of Patriot Coal Corporation
 (Patriot), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Peabody. Following the
 spin-off, Patriot&#146;s assets and business will consist of
 coal operations and reserves in Central Appalachia, Northern
 Appalachia and the Illinois Basin.

 The spin-off of Patriot will occur
 on ,
 2007 by way of a pro rata distribution of Patriot&#146;s common
 shares to Peabody&#146;s stockholders. In the distribution, each
 Peabody stockholder will receive one share of Patriot common
 stock for every ten shares of Peabody common stock held at
 5:00 p.m., New York City time,
 on ,
 2007, which is the record date of the spin-off. The dividend
 will be paid in book-entry form and physical stock certificates
 will be issued only upon request. Stockholder approval of the
 spin-off is not required, and you are not required to take any
 action to receive your Patriot common stock.

 We believe that the separation of Patriot from Peabody will
 provide a better structure for each company to pursue the most
 appropriate long-term growth opportunities and business
 strategies by allowing them to focus on their own distinct
 businesses, opportunities and markets. In addition, we believe
 that the two companies, each with unique financial
 characteristics, may appeal to different investor bases.

 Following the spin-off, you will own shares in both Peabody and
 Patriot. Peabody common stock will continue to trade on the New
 York Stock Exchange under the symbol &#147;BTU&#148;. We intend
 to apply to have Patriot common stock authorized for listing on
 the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol &#147;PCX&#148;.

 We intend for the spin-off to be tax-free for stockholders. To
 that end, we have requested a favorable ruling from the Internal
 Revenue Service with respect to the spin-off, and intend to
 complete the spin-off only if we receive the favorable ruling
 and a favorable opinion of Ernst &#038; Young LLP
 confirming the spin-off&#146;s tax-free status, but any cash you
 receive instead of fractional shares will be taxable to you. The
 spin-off is also subject to other conditions, including
 necessary regulatory approvals. We recommend, of course, that
 you consult your own tax advisor as to the particular
 consequences of the spin-off to you.

 The enclosed information statement, which is being mailed to all
 Peabody stockholders, describes the spin-off in detail and
 contains important information about Patriot, including its
 financial statements.

 We look forward to your continued support as a stockholder of
 Peabody. We remain committed to working on your behalf to build
 long-term stockholder value.

 Sincerely,

 Gregory H. Boyce

 President and Chief Executive Officer

 Table of Contents 

 Patriot Coal Corporation 
 12312 Olive Boulevard 
 Suite 400 
 St. Louis, Missouri 63141

 ,
 2007

 Dear Patriot Coal Corporation Stockholder:

 With great pleasure, we welcome you as a stockholder of Patriot
 Coal Corporation.

 Patriot is a leading producer of coal in the eastern United
 States and a leading U.S. producer of metallurgical quality
 coal. In 2006, we sold 24.3 million tons of coal, including
 77% for electricity generation and 23% for steel production. We
 control 1.2 billion tons of proven and probable coal
 reserves for use in existing and future operations. Our
 operations and reserve holdings are located in Central
 Appalachia, Northern Appalachia and the Illinois Basin.

 We believe our diversified product line and sourcing
 capabilities, coupled with our well-trained, experienced and
 dedicated work force, position us to excel as a stand-alone
 entity. Our three core strategies are to:

 &#149; 

 maintain and enhance our operational performance through a
 continued emphasis on safety, productivity, cost control and
 environmental stewardship;

 &#149; 

 maximize customer satisfaction, while also optimizing
 profitability; and

 &#149; 

 pursue value-enhancing growth opportunities within our areas of
 expertise through organic growth, acquisitions and joint
 ventures.

 Our management team will bring the experience and capability to
 execute these strategies, based upon our operational, commercial
 and transactional background with Peabody Energy Corporation.

 We intend to apply to have Patriot Coal Corporation common stock
 authorized for listing on the New York Stock Exchange under
 the symbol &#147;PCX&#148;. We invite you to learn more about
 Patriot by reviewing the enclosed information statement. We look
 forward to our future as a separate publicly-traded company and
 to your support as a holder of Patriot common stock.

 Sincerely,

 Richard M. Whiting

 President and Chief Executive Officer

 Table of Contents 

 SUBJECT
 TO COMPLETION, DATED AUGUST 20, 2007 

 PRELIMINARY
 INFORMATION STATEMENT 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 Common
 Stock 

 (par
 value $0.01 per share) 

 This information statement is being furnished in connection with
 the distribution to holders of common stock, par value
 $0.01 per share, of Peabody Energy Corporation (Peabody) of
 all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value
 $0.01 per share, of Patriot Coal Corporation (Patriot).

 We are currently a subsidiary of Peabody. Following the
 spin-off, our assets and business will consist of coal
 operations and reserves in Appalachia and the Illinois Basin.

 Shares of our common stock will be distributed to holders of
 Peabody common stock of record as of the close of business
 on ,
 2007, which will be the record date. These stockholders will
 receive one share of our common stock for every ten shares of
 Peabody common stock held on the record date. The spin-off of
 the Patriot shares will be made in book-entry form, and physical
 stock certificates will be issued only upon request. The
 spin-off will be effective at 11:59 p.m., New York City
 time
 on ,
 2007. Peabody expects to receive a letter ruling from the
 U.S. Internal Revenue Service to the effect that the
 spin-off will be tax-free to Peabody and its stockholders for
 U.S. federal income tax purposes, except for any cash
 received in lieu of fractional shares.

 No stockholder approval of the spin-off is required or
 sought. We are not asking you for a proxy and you are requested
 not to send us a proxy. Peabody stockholders will not be
 required to pay for the shares of our common stock to be
 received by them in the spin-off or to surrender or exchange
 shares of Peabody common stock in order to receive our common
 stock or to take any other action in connection with the
 spin-off.

 Currently, there is no trading market for our common stock.
 However, we expect that a limited market, commonly known as a
 &#147;when-issued&#148; trading market, for our common stock
 will develop on or shortly before the record date for the
 spin-off, and we expect that &#147;regular way&#148; trading of
 our common stock will begin the first trading day after the
 spin-off. We intend to apply to have our common stock authorized
 for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, under the symbol
 &#147;PCX&#148;.

 In reviewing this information statement, you should carefully
 consider the matters described under &#147;Risk Factors&#148;
 beginning on page 12 for a discussion of certain factors
 that should be considered by recipients of our common stock. 

 Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state
 securities commission has approved or disapproved of these
 securities or determined if this information statement is
 truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a
 criminal offense. 

 This information statement does not constitute an offer to
 sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. 

 The date of this information statement
 is ,
 2007.

 This
 information statement was first mailed to Peabody stockholders
 on or
 about ,
 2007.

 TABLE OF
 CONTENTS 

 Page 

 Questions and
 Answers About the Spin-Off 

 iii

 Executive
 Summary 

 1

 Risk
 Factors 

 12

 Special
 Note About Forward-Looking Statements 

 24

 The
 Spin-Off 

 26

 Dividend
 Policy 

 31

 Capitalization 

 32

 Unaudited Pro Forma
 Combined Financial Data 

 33

 Selected Combined
 Financial Data 

 39

 Management&#146;s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations 

 42

 Coal Industry
 Overview 

 59

 Business 

 66

 Management 

 86

 Corporate
 Governance 

 90

 Director
 Compensation 

 91

 Executive
 Compensation 

 92

 Security Ownership
 by Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

 102

 Our Relationship
 with Peabody After the Spin-Off 

 103

 Description of Our
 Capital Stock 

 113

 Indemnification and
 Limitation of Liability of Directors and Officers 

 118

 2008 Annual Meeting
 of Stockholders 

 119

 Description of
 Indebtedness 

 119

 Where You Can Find
 More Information 

 121

 Index to Combined
 Financial Statements 

 F-1

 Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 F-2

 Combined Statements
 of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2004, 2005
 and 2006 

 F-3

 Combined Balance
 Sheets as of December 31, 2005 and 2006 

 F-4

 Combined Statements
 of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2004, 2005
 and 2006 

 F-5

 Combined Statements
 of Changes to Invested Capital (Deficit) for the Years Ended
 December 31, 2004, 2005 and 2006 

 F-6

 Notes to Combined
 Financial Statements 

 F-7

 Unaudited Condensed
 Combined Statements of Operations for the Six Months Ended
 June 30, 2006 and 2007 

 F-32

 Condensed Combined
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2006 and June 30,
 2007 (unaudited) 

 F-33

 Unaudited Condensed
 Combined Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended
 June 30, 2006 and 2007 

 F-34

 Notes to Unaudited
 Condensed Combined Financial Statements 

 F-35

 This information statement is being furnished solely to
 provide information to Peabody stockholders who will receive
 shares of our common stock in the distribution. It is not, and
 is not to be construed as, an inducement or encouragement to buy
 or sell any of our securities or any securities of Peabody. This
 information statement describes our business, the relationship
 between Peabody and us, and how the spin-off affects Peabody and
 its stockholders, and provides other information to assist you
 in evaluating the benefits and risks of holding or disposing of
 our common stock that you will receive in the distribution. You
 should be 

 i

 Table of Contents 

 aware of certain risks relating to the spin-off, our business
 and ownership of our common stock, which are described under the
 heading &#147;Risk Factors.&#148;

 You should not assume that the information contained in this
 information statement is accurate as of any date other than the
 date set forth on the cover. Changes to the information
 contained in this information statement may occur after that
 date, and we undertake no obligation to update the information,
 except in the normal course of our public disclosure obligations
 and practices. 

 Unless the context indicates otherwise, all references in
 this information statement: 

 &#149; 

 to Patriot, us, we or our include Patriot Coal Corporation
 and its subsidiaries; and 

 &#149; 

 to Peabody are to Peabody Energy Corporation and its
 subsidiaries, other than Patriot and its subsidiaries. 

 The transaction in which Patriot will be separated from
 Peabody and become a separately-traded, public company is
 referred to in this information statement as the
 &#147;distribution&#148; or the &#147;spin-off.&#148; 

 ii

 Table of Contents 

 QUESTIONS
 AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE SPIN-OFF 

 Q: 

 Why am I receiving this document? 

 A: 

 Peabody is delivering this document to you because you were a
 holder of Peabody common stock on the record date for the
 distribution of our shares of common stock. Accordingly, you are
 entitled to receive one share of our common stock for every ten
 shares of Peabody common stock that you held on the record date.
 No action is required for you to participate in the distribution. 

 Q: 

 What is the spin-off? 

 A: 

 The spin-off is the overall transaction of separating our
 company from Peabody, which will be accomplished through a
 series of transactions which will result in us owning coal
 operations and reserves in Appalachia and the Illinois Basin.
 The final step of the transactions will be the pro rata
 distribution of our common stock by Peabody to holders of
 Peabody&#146;s common stock. We refer to this last step as the
 &#147;distribution.&#148; For additional information regarding
 these transactions, see &#147;The Spin-Off &#151; Manner of
 Effecting the Spin-Off&#148; beginning on page 27. 

 Q: 

 Who is Patriot Coal Corporation? 

 A: 

 We are an existing, wholly-owned subsidiary of Peabody.
 Following the spin-off, we will be a separate, publicly-traded
 company. We are a leading producer of coal in the eastern United
 States, with operations and coal reserves in Appalachia and the
 Illinois Basin. We are also a leading U.S. producer of
 metallurgical quality coal. 

 Q: 

 Why is Peabody separating Patriot&#146;s coal mining business
 and distributing its stock? 

 A: 

 Peabody&#146;s Board of Directors believes that the spin-off
 will separate businesses with fundamentally different
 characteristics that require management to pursue distinct
 operating and business strategies. The separation is intended to
 benefit stockholders by allowing Patriot to maximize the
 performance of its assets through undivided senior management
 focus on, and capital allocation to, these businesses. 

 The Board of Directors of Peabody considered the following
 potential benefits in making the determination to effect the
 spin-off: 

 &#149; Patriot&#146;s operations represent a unique set of
 commercial and operational profiles. 

 &#149; Through separation, each company will be able to
 more narrowly focus on core business priorities to drive
 stockholder value. 

 &#149; With its strong presence in Appalachia, Patriot will
 be positioned to be a consolidator in that highly fragmented
 region. 

 For a further explanation of the reasons for the spin-off and
 more information about our business, see &#147;The
 Spin-Off &#151; Reasons for the Spin-Off&#148; and
 &#147;Business&#148; beginning on pages 26 and 66,
 respectively. 

 Q: 

 Why is the separation of the two companies structured as a
 spin-off? 

 A: 

 Peabody&#146;s Board of Directors believes that a tax-free
 spin-off of our shares is a cost-effective and
 tax-efficient way to separate the companies. 

 Q: 

 What is the record date for the distribution? 

 A: 

 The record date
 is ,
 2007, and ownership will be determined as of 5:00 p.m., New
 York City time, on that date. When we refer to the &#147;record
 date,&#148; we are referring to that time and date. 

 iii

 Table of Contents 

 Q: 

 What will be our relationship with Peabody after the
 spin-off? 

 A: 

 Peabody and Patriot each will be independent, publicly-traded
 companies. However, we will enter into agreements with Peabody
 that will ease our transition into an independent,
 publicly-traded company following the spin-off. For example,
 Peabody will continue to provide certain administrative services
 for an agreed period following the spin-off. We will continue to
 supply coal to Peabody and its affiliates on a contract basis so
 they can meet their commitments under pre-existing customer
 agreements sourced from our operations. In addition, Peabody
 will assume certain retiree healthcare liabilities pursuant to
 liability assumption agreements and we will administer the
 retiree healthcare benefits assumed by Peabody pursuant to an
 administrative services agreement. We will sublease from Peabody
 certain mining equipment currently used in our operations. For
 additional information regarding our relationship with Peabody
 after the spin-off, see &#147;Our Relationship with Peabody
 After the Spin-Off&#148; beginning on page 103. 

 Q: 

 When will the spin-off be completed? 

 A: 

 Shares of our common stock will be distributed on or
 about ,
 2007. We refer to this date as the &#147;distribution date.&#148; 

 Q: 

 Can Peabody decide to cancel the distribution of Patriot
 common stock even if all the conditions have been met? 

 A: 

 Yes. The distribution is conditioned upon satisfaction of
 certain conditions, any or all of which may be waived by
 Peabody. See &#147;The Spin-Off &#151; Spin-Off Conditions
 and Termination&#148; beginning on page 30. Peabody has the
 right to terminate the stock distribution, even if all of these
 conditions are met, if at any time Peabody&#146;s Board of
 Directors determines, in its sole discretion, that Peabody and
 Patriot are better served being a combined company, or that
 business conditions are such that it is not advisable to
 complete the spin-off. 

 Q: 

 What will happen to the listing of Peabody common stock? 

 A: 

 Nothing. Peabody common stock will continue to be traded on the
 New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol &#147;BTU.&#148; 

 Q: 

 Will the spin-off affect the market price of my Peabody
 shares? 

 A: 

 Yes. As a result of the spin-off, we expect the trading price of
 Peabody shares immediately following the distribution to be
 lower than immediately prior to the distribution because the
 trading price will no longer reflect the value of the Patriot
 business. In addition, until the market has fully analyzed the
 operations of Peabody without these businesses, the price of
 Peabody shares may fluctuate significantly. Furthermore, the
 combined trading prices of Peabody common stock and Patriot
 common stock after the distribution may be less than the trading
 price of Peabody common stock prior to the distribution. 

 Q: 

 What will Peabody stockholders receive in the spin-off? 

 A: 

 In the spin-off, Peabody stockholders will receive one share of
 Patriot common stock for every ten shares of Peabody common
 stock they own as of the record date of the spin-off. No
 fractional shares will be issued. Those stockholders who would
 otherwise be entitled to receive fractional shares will receive
 cash in lieu of fractional shares. For example, a Peabody
 stockholder that holds 333 shares of Peabody common stock
 as of the record date will, after the spin-off, (i) continue to
 hold 333 shares of Peabody common stock and (ii) receive
 33 shares of our common stock and cash in lieu of
 fractional shares. Immediately after the spin-off, Peabody
 stockholders will still own all of Peabody&#146;s current
 businesses, but they will own them as two separate investments
 rather than as a single investment. 

 After the spin-off, the certificates and book-entry interests
 representing the &#147;old&#148; Peabody common stock will
 represent such stockholders&#146; interests in the Peabody
 businesses (other than our business) following the spin-off, and
 the certificates and book-entry interests representing Patriot
 common stock that stockholders receive in the spin-off will
 represent their interest in our business only. 

 iv

 Table of Contents 

 Q: 

 What does a Peabody stockholder need to do now? 

 A: 

 Peabody stockholders do not need to take any action, although we
 urge you to read this entire document carefully. The approval of
 the Peabody stockholders is not required or sought to effect the
 spin-off, and Peabody stockholders have no appraisal rights in
 connection with the spin-off. Peabody is not seeking a proxy
 from any stockholders and you are requested not to send us a
 proxy. 

 Peabody stockholders will not be required to pay anything for
 the Patriot shares distributed in the spin-off or to surrender
 any shares of Peabody common stock. Peabody stockholders should
 not send in their Peabody share certificates. Peabody
 stockholders will automatically receive their shares of Patriot
 common stock when the spin-off is effected and will receive cash
 for any fractional shares. 

 Q: 

 Are there risks to owning Patriot common stock? 

 A: 

 Yes. Our business is subject to both general and specific risks
 relating to our operations. In addition, our spin-off from
 Peabody presents risks relating to our becoming a
 separately-traded public company as well as risks relating to
 the nature of the spin-off transaction itself. See &#147;Risk
 Factors&#148; beginning on page 12. 

 Q: 

 What are the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the
 spin-off to Peabody stockholders? 

 A: 

 Based on the letter ruling that Peabody has requested from the
 Internal Revenue Service (IRS), Peabody stockholders will, in
 general, not recognize gain or loss on the receipt of shares of
 Patriot common stock in the spin-off, except to the extent that
 such stockholders receive cash in lieu of fractional shares.
 Peabody stockholders will apportion their tax basis in Peabody
 common stock between such Peabody common stock and Patriot
 common stock received in the spin-off in proportion to the
 relative fair market values of such stock at the time of the
 spin-off. A Peabody stockholder&#146;s holding period for
 Patriot common stock received in the spin-off will include the
 period for which that stockholder&#146;s Peabody common stock
 was held. See &#147;The Spin-Off &#151; Material
 U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off&#148;
 beginning on page 28. We recommend that you consult your
 own tax advisor as to the particular consequences of the
 spin-off to you. 

 Q: 

 What if I want to sell my Peabody common stock or my Patriot
 common stock? 

 A: 

 We recommend that you consult with your own financial advisors,
 such as your stockbroker, bank or tax advisor. Peabody does not
 make any recommendations on the purchase, retention or sale of
 shares of Peabody common stock or Patriot common stock to be
 distributed. 

 If you do decide to sell any shares, you should make sure your
 stockbroker, bank or other nominee understands whether you want
 to sell your Peabody common stock or your Patriot common stock
 after it is distributed, or both. 

 Q: 

 Where will I be able to trade shares of Patriot common
 stock? 

 A: 

 There is not currently a public market for our common stock. We
 intend to apply to have our common stock authorized for listing
 on the NYSE under the symbol &#147;PCX&#148;. We anticipate that
 trading in shares of our common stock will begin on a
 &#147;when-issued&#148; basis on or shortly before the record
 date and before the distribution date, and &#147;regular
 way&#148; trading will begin on the first trading day following
 the distribution date. If trading does begin on a &#147;when
 issued&#148; basis, you may purchase or sell our common stock
 after that time, but your transaction will not settle until
 after the distribution date. On the first trading day following
 the distribution date, when-issued trading in respect of our
 common stock will end and regular way trading will begin. We
 cannot predict the trading prices for our common stock before or
 after the distribution date. 

 Q: 

 Do you intend to pay dividends on your common stock? 

 A: 

 We do not anticipate that we will pay cash dividends on our
 common stock in the near term following the spin-off. The
 declaration and amount of future dividends, if any, will be
 determined by our Board of Directors and will depend on our
 financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, financial
 covenants, 

 v

 Table of Contents 

 regulatory constraints, industry practice and other factors our
 Board deems relevant. See &#147;Dividend Policy&#148; on
 page 31 for additional information on our dividend policy
 following the spin-off. 

 Q: 

 Where can Peabody stockholders get more information? 

 A: 

 Before the distribution, if you have any questions relating to
 the distribution, you should contact: 

 Peabody Energy Corporation 
 Investor Relations 
 701 Market Street 
 St. Louis, Missouri 63101 
 (314) 342-7900 

 After the distribution, if you have any questions relating to
 our common stock, you should contact: 

 Patriot Coal Corporation 
 Investor Relations 
 12312 Olive Boulevard 
 Suite 400 
 St. Louis, Missouri 63141 
 (314) 342-7900 

 Q: 

 Who will be the distribution agent for the spin-off? 

 A: 

 The American Stock Transfer &#038; Trust Company will be
 the distribution agent for the spin-off. The distribution agent
 can be contacted at: 

 59 Maiden Lane 
 New York, New York 10038 
 Telephone: 1-866-621-2789 for residents of the U.S. or
 Canada 
 1-718-921-8346 for residents outside the U.S. and Canada 

 vi

 Table of Contents 

 EXECUTIVE
 SUMMARY 

 We are a leading producer of coal in the eastern United States,
 with operations and coal reserves in Appalachia and the Illinois
 Basin. We are also a leading U.S. producer of metallurgical
 quality coal. We and our predecessor companies have operated in
 these regions for more than 50 years. In 2006, we sold
 24.3 million tons of coal, of which 77% was sold to
 domestic electric utilities and 23% was sold to domestic and
 global steel producers. In the first six months of 2007, we sold
 11.1 million tons of coal, of which 79% was sold to
 domestic electric utilities and 21% was sold to domestic and
 global steel producers. We control approximately
 1.2 billion tons of proven and probable coal reserves. Our
 proven and probable coal reserves include premium coking coal
 and medium and
 high-Btu 
 steam coal, with low, medium and high sulfur content. We believe
 we are well-positioned to meet customers&#146; increasing demand
 for various products, given the diverse coal qualities available
 in our proven and probable coal reserves.

 Our operations consist of eight company-operated mines, two
 joint venture mines and numerous contractor-operated mines
 serviced by eight coal preparation facilities, with one in
 northern West Virginia, four in southern West Virginia and three
 in western Kentucky. We ship coal to electric utilities,
 industrial users and metallurgical coal customers via
 Patriot-controlled loading facilities and multiple rail and
 river transportation routes.

 Our mining operations and coal reserves are as follows:

 &#149; 

 Appalachia. In southern West Virginia, we have
 three company-operated mines, two joint venture mines and
 numerous contractor-operated mines, serviced by four coal
 preparation plants. These operations and related infrastructure
 are located in Boone and Kanawha counties. In northern West
 Virginia, we have one company-operated mine, serviced by a
 preparation plant and related infrastructure. These operations
 are located in Monongalia County. We sold 15.3 million tons
 of coal and 7.2 million tons of coal in the year ended
 December 31, 2006 and the six months ended June 30, 2007,
 respectively. As of December 31, 2006, we controlled
 502 million tons of proven and probable coal reserves in
 Appalachia, of which 188 million tons were assigned to
 current operations.

 &#149; 

 Illinois Basin. In the Illinois Basin, we have
 four company-operated mines, serviced by three preparation
 plants. These operations and related infrastructure are located
 in Union and Henderson counties in western Kentucky. We sold
 9.0 million tons of coal and 3.9 million tons of coal in
 the year ended December 31, 2006 and the six months ended June
 30, 2007, respectively. As of December 31, 2006, we controlled
 741 million tons of proven and probable coal reserves in
 the Illinois Basin, of which 137 million tons were assigned
 to current operations.

 For the year ended December 31, 2006, we generated
 $1.15 billion of revenues, incurred a net loss of
 $13.5 million and generated $126.8 million of Adjusted
 EBITDA (as defined below). In the first six months of 2007, we
 generated $525.9 million of revenues, incurred a net loss of
 $17.8 million and generated

 1

 Table of Contents 

 $35.1 million of Adjusted EBITDA. In connection with the
 spin-off, Peabody has agreed to pay certain of our retiree
 healthcare liabilities. Peabody has also agreed to increase the
 price paid to us under a major existing coal sales agreement to
 be more reflective of anticipated long-term market pricing for
 similar quality coal. On a pro forma basis, after giving effect
 to the spin-off and these and other related transactions as if
 they had occurred on January 1, 2006, we generated
 $1.18 billion of revenues, $75.0 million of net income
 and $222.7 million of Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended
 December 31, 2006 and $539.5 million of revenues,
 $32.0 million of net income and $85.5 million of
 Adjusted EBITDA for the first six months of 2007. Our results
 for the year ended December 31, 2006 and for the six months
 ended June 30, 2007 reflect $78.6 million and $81.0
 million, respectively, of net gain on disposal of assets. For a
 reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA, see
 page 11.

 Our
 Strengths 

 We believe the following competitive strengths position us for
 continued operating success and profitability:

 &#149; 

 We have a large and attractively located base of proven and
 probable coal reserves. We control approximately
 1.2 billion tons of proven and probable coal reserves,
 making us one of the largest reserve holders in Appalachia and a
 major reserve holder in the Illinois Basin, based on publicly
 available information. Our proven and probable coal reserves
 are located within a 500 mile radius of the majority of
 U.S. electricity generating plants and steel producers. We
 believe our location and scale position us as an attractive
 supplier to existing and new coal-fueled power plants.

 &#149; 

 We are a leading U.S. producer of metallurgical
 coal. For the year ended December 31, 2006 and
 the first six months of 2007, we sold 5.6 million tons and
 2.3 million tons of metallurgical coal, respectively, or 23% and
 21% of our total coal sales volume, respectively, to steel mills
 and independent coke producers. Approximately 30% of our
 metallurgical coal volume was sold to international customers,
 primarily in Europe and Brazil. In recent years, metallurgical
 coal has commanded a premium price to steam coal. This premium
 is principally due to (i) metallurgical coal&#146;s value
 as a raw material in the steelmaking process and (ii) the
 limited availability of coal reserves and production with the
 specifications needed to produce steelmaking coke.

 &#149; 

 We believe our diversified product line and sourcing
 capabilities make us an attractive supplier to utility
 customers. We produce medium and
 high-Btu 
 coal, with low, medium and high sulfur content, from our
 operations in Appalachia and the Illinois Basin. We believe this
 product diversification positions us as an attractive supplier
 to utility customers with installed sulfur dioxide emissions
 control devices (scrubbers), as well as utilities that will
 continue to use lower sulfur coal as part of their means to meet
 emission standards. We utilize our large scale preparation
 plants to blend coal produced at our mines, as well as coal
 produced at contractor-operated mines and coal purchased from
 third parties. We have the ability to ship coal to our customers
 by rail, barge or truck as they require. Through our diverse
 sourcing alternatives, blending capabilities and transportation
 options, we are able to offer multiple delivered cost
 alternatives to our customers.

 &#149; 

 We are well-positioned to be a consolidator in Central
 Appalachia. Our proven and probable coal reserves
 and operations in Central Appalachia are contiguous or in close
 proximity to numerous small- and medium-sized operators. The
 breadth of our proven and probable coal reserves creates
 opportunities for growth through acquisitions, reserve
 transactions and joint ventures involving those operators who
 seek to monetize their holdings. We believe our ability to take
 advantage of these opportunities is supported by: (i) our
 scale and our ability as a public company to access the capital
 markets; (ii) the location of our current proven and
 probable reserve holdings; (iii) our long history of
 operations in all coal market conditions; and (iv) our
 strong management team and its extensive acquisition and joint
 venture experience obtained with Peabody.

 &#149; 

 We have a well-trained, experienced and dedicated work
 force. We employ well-trained, experienced miners
 whose tenure averages 18 years with our company.
 Approximately 61% of our employees as of December 31, 2006
 at company operations were members of the United Mine Workers of
 America

 2

 Table of Contents 

 (UMWA), most of whom are employed under a five-year labor
 contract that became effective January 1, 2007. As a
 critical component to recruit and retain a talented workforce,
 we operate a dedicated training center to educate new employees
 and our existing workforce in safety, current mining techniques,
 equipment operation and maintenance. We operate both union and
 non-union mines and we have a track record of good cooperation
 with our employees.

 &#149; 

 Our management team has a proven track record of success with
 Peabody. The seven members of our executive
 management team have a combined 134 years of experience in
 the mining industry. All key members of management originated
 from our previous parent company, Peabody, and inherited
 Peabody&#146;s best practices in the areas of safety,
 operations, reclamation and sales. Members of our management
 team have completed numerous value-enhancing acquisition, joint
 venture and divestiture transactions during their tenure with
 Peabody. We will endeavor to build on our management team&#146;s
 strong track record in these areas to create value for our
 stockholders.

 Our
 Strategy 

 Our principal objective is to enhance stockholder value. Our
 management team will make sound and timely decisions on
 operational and commercial matters consistent with our short and
 long-term strategies to create value. Our three core strategies
 are to:

 Maintain and enhance operational
 performance. We intend to maintain and
 enhance our operational performance through a continued emphasis
 on safety, productivity, cost management and environmental
 stewardship.

 &#149; 

 Safety. Safety is our highest operational
 priority and the cornerstone of our relationship with all of our
 employees. Our average incidence rate has improved nearly 40% in
 the last five years, and we intend to continue employing best
 practices in emergency preparedness, communications, training,
 and behavior to drive world-class safety performance. We have
 received 16 awards for safety since 2000, five of them in 2006.
 Our focus on safety has resulted in 2005 and 2006 being the
 safest years on record for our operations.

 &#149; 

 Productivity and cost management. We intend to
 develop strong and focused underground and surface engineering
 capabilities to optimize planning and capital deployment,
 proactively driving sustainable cost control and continuous
 improvements in all aspects of the production process. We plan
 to meet production and cost targets by utilizing a combination
 of our experienced, productive workforce, process improvement
 initiatives and
 state-of-the-art 
 equipment. We also will seek to enhance productivity and lower
 costs by working closely with suppliers and equipment
 manufacturers to develop new technologies to extract and process
 coal.

 &#149; 

 Environmental stewardship. We will continue to
 be good stewards of the land on which we operate. We believe our
 operations and their surrounding communities will benefit from
 our responsible, effective environmental practices. We intend to
 build on our track record of success that has resulted in 14
 awards for reclamation excellence and outstanding stewardship
 received since 2000.

 Maximize customer satisfaction. We will
 seek to maximize customer satisfaction by taking advantage of
 our diverse production and sourcing capabilities.

 &#149; 

 Sourcing flexibility. We intend to utilize our
 production capabilities and efficient preparation facilities to
 process a diverse range of steam and metallurgical coal products
 to satisfy our customers&#146; needs. Our multiple coal
 qualities, blending capabilities and transportation alternatives
 enhance our ability to reliably deliver product on time, within
 specifications and at competitive delivered costs.

 &#149; 

 Innovative contracting techniques. We will
 work closely with our customers to employ innovative coal supply
 arrangements to address physical, financial and commercial needs
 of both parties.

 &#149; 

 Coal brokerage. As another means to meet
 certain customer requirements, we intend to use our sales
 contract portfolio, market presence, coal handling facilities
 and transportation flexibility to expand purchase and resale of
 third-party coal.

 3

 Table of Contents 

 Pursue value-enhancing growth
 opportunities. We intend to pursue growth
 opportunities through an opportunistic acquisition strategy, as
 well as through organic growth.

 &#149; 

 Acquisitions, reserve transactions and joint
 ventures. We intend to pursue value-enhancing
 acquisition, reserve transaction and joint venture
 opportunities. Coal production in Central Appalachia is highly
 fragmented. Our proven and probable coal reserves and
 operations are contiguous or in close proximity to numerous
 small- and medium-sized operators, potentially creating
 acquisition and joint venture opportunities for us.

 &#149; 

 Organic growth. We will evaluate opportunities
 to exploit previously untapped reserves through increased
 production from our large and diverse base of proven and
 probable coal reserves in Appalachia and the Illinois Basin. We
 will target surface and underground opportunities in close
 proximity to our existing preparation facilities where we
 believe we can generate appropriate profitability and return on
 capital to add stockholder value.

 Risks
 Related to Our Business and Strategy 

 Our business and our ability to execute our strategy is subject
 to numerous risks. We have not previously operated as an
 independent company. Our profitability could decline due to
 changes in coal prices or coal consumption patterns, as well as
 unanticipated mine operating conditions, loss of customers,
 changes in the ability to access our coal reserves and other
 factors not within our control. We operate in a heavily
 regulated industry, which imposes significant actual and
 potential costs on us. Future regulations applicable to us could
 increase our costs or limit our ability to produce coal. Future
 regulations applicable to our customers could adversely affect
 the demand for coal. For additional risks relating to our
 business or this offering, see &#147;Risk Factors&#148;
 beginning on page 12.

 The
 Industry 

 Coal is one of the world&#146;s most abundant, efficient and
 affordable natural resources whose primary use is fuel for
 electricity generation. In the United States, coal has
 consistently comprised 50% or more of the electricity generation
 fuel mix since 1980. Between 1990 and 2005, U.S. coal
 consumption increased 25% to 1.1 billion tons, driven by
 increased electricity demand. The Energy Information
 Administration (EIA) projects that annual coal consumption will
 increase by 57% between 2005 and 2030, to 1.8 billion tons
 per year, even as electricity generators are required to reduce
 their levels of emissions under current regulations.

 Coal is the dominant fuel for electricity generation because of
 its relative low cost and availability throughout the United
 States. Fuel is the largest variable cost component involved in
 electricity generation. EIA estimates relative delivered cost of
 oil, natural gas and coal as $7.85 per million Btu,
 $6.97 per million Btu and $1.67 per million Btu,
 respectively, during 2006.

 Growth Outlook. We believe growth in the
 demand for coal will be driven by several factors:

 &#149; 

 Near-term growth through increased utilization of existing
 coal-fueled electricity generating facilities and increased
 global steel production;

 &#149; 

 Mid-term growth via construction of new coal-fueled generating
 facilities; and

 &#149; 

 Long-term growth through the commercialization of coal
 conversion technologies.

 Market Prices. Steam coal prices were
 essentially flat between 1995 and 2000. As long-term contracts
 for many producers began to expire in 2000 and beyond, new
 contracts reflecting then-current market demand and operating
 conditions were put in their place. Coal prices increased
 significantly between 2000 and 2006 in the regions where we
 operate. Concurrent with the improving fundamentals for steam
 coal, demand for metallurgical coal also grew, drawing coal with
 metallurgical qualities away from steam coal markets and back to
 metallurgical markets. During 2006, mild weather conditions
 experienced across the United States led to reduced electricity
 demand and higher coal inventory levels, resulting in a decline
 in spot steam coal prices. U.S. electricity generation
 through June 2007 has increased 3% versus the same period
 in 2006. During the first six months of 2007, coal production in
 Appalachia declined by 5% versus the same period in 2006. Price

 4

 Table of Contents 

 increases early in 2007 have moderated in recent weeks,
 resulting in current prices relatively consistent with beginning
 of year prices.

 Historical Steam Coal Prices for Selected
 Regions. The following table shows the price (in
 dollars) per ton for selected steam coal traded products in the
 eastern United States between January 2, 2002 and
 August 10, 2007.

 Historical
 Steam Coal Prices for Selected Products 
 Over-the-Counter Prices for Future Year Delivery 
 January 2, 2002 through August 10, 2007 

 Production Costs. In recent years, coal
 producers have faced increasingly difficult geological
 conditions, particularly in Appalachia, where underground
 operations are in many cases mining thinner coal seams than in
 the past. Surface operations are typically mining reserves with
 higher
 overburden-to-coal 
 ratios than in the past, similarly adding to production costs.
 These geological factors, coupled with increased costs of labor,
 materials and supplies, capital equipment and compliance with
 safety and environmental regulations, have led to a major rise
 in production costs for many eastern U.S. producers. These
 rising costs contributed to recent decisions by certain
 producers to suspend or close marginal operations.

 Air Quality Standards. Between 1990 and 2005,
 permitted levels of emissions of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen
 oxide were reduced 32% and 53%, respectively. Coal-fueled
 electric power generators are currently required to comply with
 emissions requirements through the use of lower sulfur coal,
 either exclusively or by blending with higher sulfur coal, the
 installation of pollution control devices to reduce emissions
 from higher sulfur coal, the purchase or trade of emission
 credits or the reduction of electricity generating levels. The
 2005 Clean Air Interstate Rule (CAIR) will further lower sulfur
 dioxide emission levels in 2010, and again in 2015. Nitrogen
 oxide emission levels will be reduced in 2009 and 2015. The
 Clean Air Mercury Rule (CAMR), issued by the
 U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in March 2005,
 imposes requirements to reduce

 5

 Table of Contents 

 mercury emission levels by 2010 and 2018. These new standards
 are expected to result in broader installation of pollution
 control devices, which will further expand markets for higher
 sulfur coal products.

 Summary
 of the Spin-Off 

 The following is a summary of the terms of the spin-off. Please
 see &#147;The Spin-Off&#148; beginning on page 26 for a
 more detailed description of the matters described below.

 Distributing company 

 Peabody Energy Corporation, a Delaware corporation 

 Distributed company 

 Patriot Coal Corporation, a Delaware corporation and an existing
 subsidiary of Peabody with principal executive offices at 12312
 Olive Boulevard, St. Louis, Missouri, 63141. 

 Distribution ratio 

 Each holder of Peabody common stock will receive a dividend of
 one share of Patriot common stock for every ten shares of
 Peabody common stock held on the record date. 

 Securities to be distributed 

 Approximately 26,500,000 shares of Patriot common stock and
 accompanying preferred share purchase rights, which will
 constitute all of the outstanding shares of Patriot common stock
 immediately after the spin-off. The number of shares that
 Peabody will distribute to its stockholders will be reduced to
 the extent that cash payments are to be made in lieu of the
 issuance of fractional shares of Patriot common stock, as
 described below. 

 Fractional Shares 

 Fractional shares of Patriot common stock will not be
 distributed. Fractional shares held by owners of record will be
 aggregated and sold in the public market by the distribution
 agent. The aggregate net cash proceeds of these sales will be
 distributed ratably to those stockholders who would otherwise
 have received fractional interests. These proceeds may be
 taxable to those stockholders. 

 Record date 

 The record date is the close of business
 on ,
 2007. In order to be entitled to receive shares of Patriot
 common stock in the spin-off, holders of shares of Peabody
 common stock must be stockholders as of the close of business on
 the record date. 

 Distribution date 

 The distribution date will be on or
 about ,
 2007. 

 Relationship between Patriot and Peabody after the
 spin-off 

 Following the spin-off, Peabody and Patriot each will be an
 independent, publicly-traded company. However, we will enter
 into agreements with Peabody that will facilitate our transition
 into an independent, publicly-traded company. For example,
 Peabody will continue to provide certain administrative services
 for an agreed number of months following the spin-off. We will
 continue to supply coal to Peabody and its affiliates on a
 contract basis, so they can meet their commitments under
 pre-existing customer agreements sourced from our operations. We
 will sublease from Peabody certain mining equipment currently
 used in our operations. Peabody will assume certain retiree
 healthcare liabilities pursuant to liability assumption
 agreements. Patriot will administer the retiree healthcare
 benefits assumed by Peabody pursuant to an administrative
 services agreement. We will enter into a throughput agreement
 with Peabody providing us with access to a coal transloading
 facility. For additional information regarding our relationship
 with Peabody after the spin-off, see &#147;Our Relationship with
 Peabody After the Spin-Off&#148; beginning on page 103. 

 6

 Table of Contents 

 Description of our credit facility 

 We anticipate entering into a $500 million, 5-year revolving
 credit facility, in order to provide for our working capital
 requirements, to support letters of credit and for other general
 corporate requirements, including the financing of acquisitions.
 We expect that our credit facility will be utilized to replace
 certain Peabody letters of credit and surety bonds currently in
 place with respect to Patriot obligations. We currently estimate
 that this initial usage will be approximately $250 million. 

 We expect that borrowings under our credit facility will be
 secured by a first lien on our assets, including, but not
 limited to, coal reserves, property, plant, equipment and mine
 development, and accounts receivables. We expect that the terms
 of the credit facility will contain certain customary financial
 covenants and events of default which generally give the banks
 the right to accelerate payments of outstanding debt. 

 Please see &#147;Description of Indebtedness&#148; beginning on
 page 119 for a more detailed description of the expected
 terms of our credit facility. 

 Dividend policy 

 We do not anticipate that we will pay cash dividends on our
 common stock in the near term following the spin-off. The
 declaration and amount of future dividends, if any, will be
 determined by our Board of Directors and will depend on our
 financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, financial
 covenants, regulatory constraints, industry practice and other
 factors our Board deems relevant. 

 Payment of intercompany indebtedness 

 Substantially all intercompany debt between Peabody and Patriot
 will be settled prior to the completion of the spin-off, subject
 to limited exceptions, as described under &#147;Our Relationship
 with Peabody after the
 Spin-Off&#148; 
 beginning on page 103. 

 Anti-takeover provisions 

 Provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and certain
 provisions of our certificate of incorporation and by-laws,
 including our staggered Board of Directors composed of three
 classes, may have the effect of discouraging, delaying or
 preventing a change of control of Patriot not approved by our
 Board. Such provisions may also have the effect of discouraging
 third parties from making proposals involving an acquisition or
 change of control of Patriot, although such proposals, if made,
 might be considered desirable by a majority of our stockholders.
 Such provisions could further have the effect of making it more
 difficult for third parties to cause the replacement of our
 Board. 

 In connection with the spin-off, we will adopt a stockholder
 rights plan which also could have the effect of discouraging,
 delaying or preventing a change of control of Patriot not
 approved by our Board. Certain provisions of the tax separation
 agreement to be entered into between Peabody and Patriot that
 are intended to preserve the tax-free nature of the spin-off may
 also have the effect of discouraging third parties from making
 proposals involving an acquisition or change of control of
 Patriot. See &#147;Our Relationship with Peabody After the
 Spin-Off &#151; Tax Separation Agreement&#148; and
 &#147;Description of Our Capital Stock&#148; beginning on
 pages 106 and 113, respectively. 

 7

 Table of Contents 

 Corporate
 Information and Structure 

 Pursuant to the spin-off, we will be separated from Peabody and
 become a separate publicly-traded company. The spin-off and our
 resulting separation from Peabody involve the following steps:

 &#149; 

 Before our separation from Peabody, we will enter into a
 Separation Agreement, Plan of Reorganization and Distribution
 (Separation Agreement) and several ancillary agreements with
 Peabody to effect the separation and provide a framework for our
 relationship with Peabody after the spin-off. These agreements
 will provide for the allocation between us and Peabody of the
 assets, liabilities and obligations currently owned by Peabody
 (including retiree healthcare, pension obligations,
 workers&#146; compensation and tax-related assets and
 liabilities) attributable to periods prior to, at and after our
 separation from Peabody. Other ancillary agreements will provide
 for, among other things, the sale of our coal to Peabody, the
 sublease from Peabody of certain mining equipment currently used
 in our operations, the granting of a software license to us,
 access to a coal transloading facility pursuant to a throughput
 agreement with Peabody, and cooperation on certain litigation
 matters. For more information on these agreements, see &#147;Our
 Relationship with Peabody After the Spin-Off&#148; beginning on
 page 103.

 &#149; 

 In addition, before the separation, our Board of Directors and
 Peabody, as our sole stockholder, will adopt certain benefit
 plans and approve various actions related to the spin-off as
 described in this information statement. We will not assume
 Peabody&#146;s obligations under its current defined benefit
 pension plan applicable to our employees.

 &#149; 

 The Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, will declare
 effective under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
 (Exchange Act), the registration statement of which this
 information statement is a part, and Peabody will mail this
 information statement to its stockholders.

 &#149; 

 On or prior to the distribution date, Peabody will have received
 a ruling from the IRS to the effect that the spin-off will
 qualify as a tax-free transaction under Section 355 of the
 Internal Revenue Code (Code). Peabody has requested that
 Ernst &#038; Young LLP deliver an opinion, on or prior to
 the distribution date, as to the satisfaction of certain
 required qualifying conditions for the application of
 Section 355 to the spin-off. Also on or prior to the
 distribution date, certain assets related to our business will
 be transferred from Peabody to us or our relevant subsidiaries
 via a series of distributions among various Peabody
 subsidiaries, Peabody will assume certain retiree healthcare
 liabilities related to our business and Peabody will distribute
 100% of the shares of our common stock pro rata to all of its
 stockholders of record as of the record date.

 &#149; 

 Following the separation, we will operate as a separate
 publicly-traded company and we expect that our common stock will
 begin trading on the NYSE on a regular way basis under the
 symbol &#147;PCX&#148; on the first trading day following the
 distribution date.

 For a further explanation of the spin-off, see &#147;The
 Spin-Off&#148; beginning on page 26.

 Summary
 Combined Financial Data 

 The following tables set forth our summary combined financial
 data. The summary income statement and statement of cash flow
 data for each of the three years in the period ended
 December 31, 2006 and the balance sheet data as of
 December 31, 2006 and 2005 are derived from our audited
 combined financial statements included elsewhere in this
 information statement, which have been prepared in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
 States. The summary income statement and statement of cash flow
 data for the six month period ended June 30, 2007 and the
 balance sheet data as of June 30, 2007 are derived from our
 unaudited condensed combined financial statements included
 elsewhere in this information statement, which have been
 prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles in the United States.

 The following table also presents our summary unaudited pro
 forma combined financial information, which has been derived
 from our unaudited pro forma combined financial information
 included elsewhere in this information statement. Our unaudited
 pro forma combined financial statements have been prepared to

 8

 Table of Contents 

 reflect adjustments to our historical financial information to
 give effect to the following transactions, as if those
 transactions had been completed at earlier dates:

 &#149; 

 the distribution of our common stock to the stockholders of
 Peabody;

 &#149; 

 the transfer of certain assets related to our business from
 Peabody to us;

 &#149; 

 the entry by Peabody and us into certain coal supply
 arrangements, including the adjustment of a major existing coal
 sales agreement to increase the price paid to us thereunder to
 be more reflective of anticipated long-term market pricing for
 similar quality coal;

 &#149; 

 the estimated impact of the spin-off on selling and
 administrative expenses related to our business; and

 &#149; 

 the agreement by Peabody to pay certain retiree healthcare
 liabilities related to our business, estimated at
 $636.0 million as of December 31, 2006 and
 $614.5 million as of June 30, 2007.

 The adjustments to record retiree healthcare liabilities to be
 paid by Peabody are reflected in the Unaudited Pro Forma
 Combined Balance Sheet as of June 30, 2007 as a decrease in
 accumulated postretirement benefit obligations of
 $614.5 million.

 The unaudited pro forma combined financial data presented for
 the year ended December 31, 2006 are derived from our
 audited combined financial statements for the year ended
 December 31, 2006 and the unaudited pro forma combined
 financial data presented as of and for the six months ended
 June 30, 2007 are derived from our unaudited condensed
 combined financial statements as of and for the six months ended
 June 30, 2007. The unaudited pro forma income statement
 data for the year ended December 31, 2006 and for the six
 months ended June 30, 2007 assume the items listed above
 occurred as of January 1, 2006. The unaudited pro forma
 balance sheet data as of June 30, 2007 assumes the items
 listed above occurred on June 30, 2007. A more complete
 explanation can be found in our unaudited pro forma combined
 financial statements included elsewhere in this information
 statement.

 You should read the summary and unaudited pro forma combined
 financial information in conjunction with our audited combined
 financial statements and the notes to the audited combined
 financial statements. You should also read the sections
 &#147;Selected Combined Financial Data,&#148; &#147;Unaudited
 Pro Forma Combined Financial Data&#148; and
 &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations.&#148; The summary unaudited
 pro forma combined financial information is qualified by
 reference to these sections, the audited combined financial
 statements and the notes to the audited combined financial
 statements that are included elsewhere in this information
 statement.

 The combined financial information and unaudited pro forma
 combined financial information are for illustrative and
 informational purposes only and are not necessarily indicative
 of results to be expected from any future period and do not
 reflect what our financial position and results of operations
 would have been had we operated as a separate company during the
 periods presented.

 Six Months Ended 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 June 30, 

 2006 

 2007 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 Pro Forma 

 2007 

 Pro Forma 

 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Unaudited) 

 Results of
 Operations: 

 Total revenues

 $

 816,424

 $

 978,277

 $

 1,147,919

 $

 1,179,250

 $

 525,884

 $

 539,476

 Net operating 
 expenses (1) 

 871,050

 935,210

 1,131,890

 1,067,317

 540,974

 504,185

 Operating profit
 (loss) (2) 

 (54,626

 )

 43,067

 16,029

 111,933

 (15,090

 )

 35,291

 Net income
 (loss) (2) 

 (66,684

 )

 34,787

 (13,492

 )

 74,973

 (17,765

 )

 32,049

 9

 Table of Contents 

 Six Months Ended 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 June 30, 

 2006 

 2007 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 Pro Forma 

 2007 

 Pro Forma 

 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Unaudited) 

 Unaudited net income (loss) per
 common share:

 Basic

 $

 (2.68

 )

 $

 1.33

 $

 (0.51

 )

 $

 2.83

 $

 (0.67

 )

 $

 1.21

 Diluted

 $

 (2.68

 )

 $

 1.33

 $

 (0.51

 )

 $

 2.82

 $

 (0.67

 )

 $

 1.21

 Weighted average shares
 outstanding:

 Basic

 24,873,274

 26,151,942

 26,341,934

 26,500,000

 26,325,669

 26,500,000

 Diluted

 24,873,274

 26,151,942

 26,341,934

 26,549,714

 26,325,669

 26,527,076

 Six Months 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Ended June 30, 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 2007 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

 Cash Flow Data: 

 Net cash provided by (used in):

 Operating activities

 $

 (62,205

 )

 $

 17,823

 $

 (20,741

 )

 $

 (61,465

 )

 Investing activities

 55,850

 (29,529

 )

 1,993

 71,600

 Financing activities

 6,985

 11,459

 18,627

 (631

 )

 Additions to property, plant,
 equipment and mine development

 36,780

 75,151

 80,224

 26,486

 Acquisitions, net

 2,490

 &#151;

 44,538

 &#151;

 Past mining obligation payments

 179,299

 154,479

 150,672

 59,319

 As of June 30, 

 As of December 31, 

 2007 

 2005 

 2006 

 2007 

 Pro Forma 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Unaudited) 

 Balance Sheet Data: 

 Cash and cash equivalents

 $

 519

 $

 398

 $

 9,902

 $

 58,949

 Total current assets

 256,373

 214,698

 125,703

 206,674

 Property, plant, equipment and
 mine development, net

 720,722

 842,687

 856,702

 855,506

 Total assets

 1,113,058

 1,178,181

 1,167,919

 1,242,294

 Total current liabilities

 202,749

 216,444

 209,077

 153,774

 Long-term debt

 11,459

 20,722

 19,796

 19,796

 Total liabilities

 1,511,810

 1,851,855

 1,838,302

 1,157,262

 Total invested capital (deficit)

 (398,752

 )

 (689,827

 )

 (688,558

 )

 66,857

 Total liabilities and invested
 capital (deficit)

 1,113,058

 1,178,181

 1,167,919

 1,242,294

 10

 Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Six Months Ended June 30, 

 2006 

 2007 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 Pro Forma 

 2007 

 Pro Forma 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Other Financial and Operating
 Data (unaudited): 

 Adjusted
 EBITDA (2)(3) 

 $

 35,216

 $

 124,611

 $

 126,769

 $

 222,673

 $

 35,123

 $

 85,504

 Tons sold

 24.6

 23.8

 24.3

 24.3

 11.1

 11.1

 (1) 

 Includes operating costs and expenses, depreciation, depletion
 and amortization, asset retirement obligation expense, selling
 and administrative expenses, income(loss) from equity affiliates
 and net gain on disposal or exchange of assets. 

 (2) 

 Results for the year ended December 31, 2006 and for the
 six months ended June 30, 2007 reflect $78.6 million
 and $81.0 million, respectively, of net gain on the
 disposal of assets. 

 (3) 

 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) before deducting
 net interest expense, income taxes, minority interests, asset
 retirement obligation expense, depreciation, depletion and
 amortization and cumulative effect of accounting changes.
 Adjusted EBITDA is used by management to measure operating
 performance, and management also believes it is a useful
 indicator of our ability to meet debt service and capital
 expenditure requirements. We believe that the amounts shown for
 Adjusted EBITDA as presented in this Information Statement are
 not materially different from the amounts in calculating
 Consolidated EBITDA under our anticipated revolving credit
 facility, which we expect to be necessary to calculate our Fixed
 Charge Coverage Ratio and Consolidated Leverage Ratio. The term
 Adjusted EBITDA does not purport to be an alternative to
 operating income, net income or cash flows from operating
 activities as determined in accordance with U.S. generally
 accepted accounting principles (GAAP) as a measure of
 profitability or liquidity. Because Adjusted EBITDA is not
 calculated identically by all companies, our calculation may not
 be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Six Months Ended June 30, 

 2006 

 2007 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 Pro Forma 

 2007 

 Pro Forma 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as
 follows (unaudited):

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (66,684

 )

 $

 34,787

 $

 (13,492

 )

 $

 74,973

 $

 (17,765

 )

 $

 32,049

 Depreciation, depletion and
 amortization

 62,580

 65,972

 86,458

 86,458

 40,918

 40,918

 Asset retirement obligation expense

 27,262

 15,572

 24,282

 24,282

 9,295

 9,295

 Interest expense

 12,701

 9,833

 11,419

 11,557

 4,788

 5,355

 Interest income

 (918

 )

 (1,553

 )

 (1,417

 )

 (1,417

 )

 (4,766

 )

 (4,766

 )

 Income tax provision

 &#151;

 &#151;

 8,350

 15,651

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Minority interests

 275

 &#151;

 11,169

 11,169

 2,653

 2,653

 Adjusted EBITDA

 $

 35,216

 $

 124,611

 $

 126,769

 $

 222,673

 $

 35,123

 $

 85,504

 11

 Table of Contents 

 RISK
 FACTORS 

 You should carefully consider the risks described below,
 together with all of the other information included in this
 information statement, in evaluating our company and our common
 stock. If any of the risks described below actually occurs, our
 business, financial results, financial condition and stock price
 could be materially adversely affected. 

 Risk
 Factors Relating to the Spin-Off 

 Our
 historical and pro forma financial information may not be
 indicative of our future results as an independent
 company. 

 The historical and pro forma financial information we have
 included in this information statement may not reflect what our
 results of operations, financial position and cash flows would
 have been had we been an independent company during the periods
 presented or be indicative of what our results of operations,
 financial position and cash flows may be in the future when we
 are an independent company. We have made adjustments based upon
 available information and assumptions that we believe are
 reasonable to reflect these factors, among others, in our pro
 forma financial information included in this information
 statement. Our assumptions may not prove to be accurate and,
 accordingly, our pro forma information may not be indicative of
 what our results of operations, cash flows or financial
 condition actually would have been as a stand-alone public
 company nor be a reliable indicator of what our results of
 operations, cash flows and financial condition actually may be
 in the future.

 For additional information about the past financial performance
 of our business and the basis of the presentation of the
 historical combined financial statements, see &#147;Selected
 Combined Financial Data,&#148; &#147;Management&#146;s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations&#148; and the historical financial statements and the
 accompanying notes included elsewhere in this information
 statement.

 You
 and Peabody could be subject to material amounts of taxes if the
 spin-off is determined to be a taxable
 transaction. 

 Peabody expects to receive a ruling from the IRS to the effect
 that the spin-off will qualify as a tax-free transaction under
 Section 355 of the Code. The IRS will not rule on whether a
 distribution satisfies certain requirements necessary to obtain
 tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code.
 Therefore, in addition to obtaining the ruling from the IRS,
 Peabody has requested an opinion from Ernst &#038; Young
 LLP as to the satisfaction of these required qualifying
 conditions for the application of Section 355 to the
 spin-off. Ernst &#038; Young LLP&#146;s tax opinion would
 not be binding on the IRS or the courts.

 The letter ruling and the requested Ernst &#038; Young LLP
 opinion will rely on certain representations, assumptions and
 undertakings, including those relating to the past and future
 conduct of our business, and neither the letter ruling nor the
 requested Ernst &#038; Young LLP opinion would be valid if such
 representations, assumptions and undertakings were incorrect.
 Moreover, the letter ruling does not address all of the issues
 that are relevant to determining whether the distribution will
 qualify for tax-free treatment. Notwithstanding the letter
 ruling and the requested Ernst &#038; Young LLP opinion, the IRS
 could determine that the distribution should be treated as a
 taxable transaction if it determines that any of the
 representations, assumptions or undertakings that were included
 in the request for the letter ruling are false or have been
 violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the
 requested Ernst &#038; Young LLP opinion that are not covered by
 the letter ruling. If, notwithstanding the letter ruling and
 opinion, the spin-off is determined to be a taxable transaction,
 you and Peabody could be subject to material amounts of taxes.
 See &#147;The Spin-Off &#151; Material U.S. Federal
 Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off&#148; beginning on
 page 28.

 Patriot
 could be liable to Peabody for adverse tax consequences
 resulting from certain change in control transactions and
 therefore could be prevented from engaging in strategic or
 capital raising transactions. 

 Peabody could recognize taxable gain if the spin-off is
 determined to be part of a plan or series of related
 transactions pursuant to which one or more persons acquire,
 directly or indirectly, stock representing a 50% or

 12

 Table of Contents 

 greater interest in either Peabody or Patriot. Under the Code,
 any acquisitions of Peabody or Patriot within the four-year
 period beginning two years before the date of the spin-off are
 presumed to be part of such a plan unless they are covered by
 at least one of several mitigating rules established by IRS
 regulations. Nonetheless, a merger, recapitalization or
 acquisition, or issuance or redemption of Patriot common stock
 after the spin-off could, in some circumstances, be counted
 toward the 50% change of ownership threshold. The tax separation
 agreement precludes Patriot from engaging in some of these
 transactions unless Patriot first obtains a tax opinion
 acceptable to Peabody or an IRS ruling to the effect that such
 transactions will not result in additional taxes. The tax
 separation agreement further requires Patriot to indemnify
 Peabody for any resulting taxes regardless of whether Patriot
 first obtains such opinion or ruling. As a result, Patriot may
 be unable to engage in strategic or capital raising transactions
 that stockholders might consider favorable, or to structure
 potential transactions in the manner most favorable to Patriot.

 The
 agreements that we have entered into or will enter into with
 Peabody involve conflicts of interest. 

 Because the spin-off involves the separation of Peabody&#146;s
 existing businesses into two independent companies, we are
 entering into certain agreements with Peabody to provide a
 framework for our initial relationship with Peabody following
 the spin-off. The terms of the spin-off, including the financial
 terms of the arrangements between Peabody and us that will
 continue after the spin-off, were determined by persons who were
 at the time employees, officers or directors of Peabody or its
 subsidiaries and, accordingly, had a conflict of interest.

 Our
 operations may depend on the availability of additional
 financing and, after the spin-off, we will not be able to obtain
 financing from Peabody. We may not have access to funds under
 our credit facility. 

 Following the spin-off, we expect to have sufficient liquidity
 to support the development of our business. In the future,
 however, we may require additional financing for liquidity,
 capital requirements and growth initiatives. After the spin-off,
 Peabody will not provide funds to us. Accordingly, we will
 depend on our ability to generate cash flows from operations and
 to borrow funds and issue securities in the capital markets to
 maintain and expand our business. We may need to incur debt on
 terms and at interest rates that may not be as favorable as
 those historically enjoyed by Peabody. In addition, future
 events may prevent us from borrowing funds under our new
 revolving credit facility. Any inability by us to obtain
 financing in the future on favorable terms could have a negative
 effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial
 condition.

 We
 have not operated as an independent company, and we may
 experience increased costs after the spin-off or as a result of
 the spin-off which could decrease our overall
 profitability. 

 Our business has been operated as a part of Peabody&#146;s
 eastern business segment, and Peabody performed a number of
 corporate functions for our operations. We will incur capital
 and other costs associated with developing and implementing our
 own support functions in these areas. Following the spin-off,
 Peabody will provide support to us, including services related
 to information technology, purchasing and materials management,
 accounting services, payroll, human resources, engineering,
 geology, land management and environmental services. We will
 need to replicate such services as soon as practical, but in no
 event later than twelve months following our spin-off from
 Peabody. In addition, there may be an operational impact on our
 business as a result of the time of our management and other
 employees and internal resources that will need to be dedicated
 to building these capabilities following the spin-off that
 otherwise would be available for other business initiatives and
 opportunities. When we begin to operate these functions
 independently, if we have not developed adequate systems and
 business functions of our own, or have not obtained them from
 other providers, we may not be able to operate our company
 effectively and our profitability may decline.

 13

 Table of Contents 

 Risk
 Factors Relating to Our Business 

 A
 decline in coal prices could reduce our revenues and the value
 of our coal reserves. 

 Our results of operations are dependent upon the prices we
 charge for our coal as well as our ability to maximize
 productivity and control costs. Any material decrease in demand
 would cause coal prices to decline and require us to decrease
 costs in order to maintain our margins or both. Declines in the
 prices we receive for our coal could adversely affect our
 operating results and our ability to generate the cash flows we
 require to fund our existing operations and obligations, improve
 our productivity and reinvest in our business. The prices we
 receive for coal depend upon numerous factors beyond our
 control, including coal and power market conditions, weather
 patterns affecting energy demand, competition in our industry,
 availability and costs of competing energy resources, worldwide
 economic and political conditions, economic strength and
 political stability of countries in which we have operations or
 serve customers, the outcome of commercial negotiations
 involving sales contracts or other transactions, customer
 performance and credit risk, availability and costs of
 transportation, our ability to respond to changing customer
 preferences, reductions of purchases by major customers and
 legislative and regulatory developments, including new
 environmental regulations affecting the use of coal, including
 mercury and carbon dioxide-related limitations.

 As our
 coal supply agreements expire, our revenues and operating
 profits could suffer if we are unable to renew our agreements or
 find alternate buyers willing to purchase our coal on comparable
 terms to those in our contracts. 

 Most of our sales are made under coal supply agreements through
 pre-existing customer relationships held by various Peabody
 subsidiaries, which are important to the stability and
 profitability of our operations. Commitments under coal supply
 agreements are detailed in the following table:

 Commitments as of June 30, 2007 

 Remainder 

 2010 and 

 Fiscal Year: 

 of 2007 

 2008 

 2009 

 Later 

 Total 

 Tons (thousands):

 11,402

 15,602

 9,753

 30,743 (1 

 ) 

 67,500 (1 

 ) 

 (1) 

 Includes 14.8 million tons that would become committed in
 the event the Coal Supply Agreement I with
 COALSALES II, LLC (as described on page 110) is extended
 for the maximum term. 

 These commitments represent approximately 94%, 63% and 37% of
 our estimated production for the remainder of 2007, 2008 and
 2009, respectively.

 Coal produced by our operations is principally sold to various
 Peabody subsidiaries pursuant to intercompany agreements. These
 subsidiaries then market and sell the coal to utilities and
 other customers pursuant to their own coal supply agreements.
 Following the spin-off, we will continue to supply coal to such
 Peabody subsidiaries on a contract basis, so they can meet their
 commitments under pre-existing customer agreements sourced from
 our operations. As these coal supply agreements expire, we may
 compete with Peabody and other coal suppliers to obtain the
 business of the customers who were previously obtaining their
 coal from Peabody affiliates. If we cannot renew such coal
 supply agreements directly with customers or find alternate
 customers willing to purchase our coal on comparable terms to
 those in the expired contracts, our revenues and operating
 profits could suffer.

 In a limited number of contracts, failure of the parties to
 agree on price adjustments may allow either party to terminate
 the contract. Coal supply agreements typically contain force
 majeure provisions allowing temporary suspension of performance
 by us or the customer during the duration of specified events
 beyond the control of the affected party. Most coal supply
 agreements contain provisions requiring us to deliver coal
 meeting quality thresholds for certain characteristics such as
 Btu, sulfur content, ash content, grindability and ash fusion
 temperature in the case of steam coal. Failure to meet these
 specifications could result in economic penalties, including
 price adjustments, the rejection of deliveries or termination of
 the contracts. In addition, some of these contracts allow our
 customers to terminate their contracts in the event of changes
 in regulations affecting our industry that increase the price of
 coal beyond specified limits.

 14

 Table of Contents 

 Following
 the spin-off, we will derive a substantial portion of our
 revenues from Peabody subsidiaries, and any material failure by
 these subsidiaries to make payments for coal sales would
 adversely affect our revenues. 

 Immediately after the spin-off, we will derive most of our
 revenues from the sale of coal to certain Peabody subsidiaries,
 who will then sell the coal to our ultimate customers.
 Furthermore, sales to Peabody are expected to constitute the
 majority of our revenues through 2008, before a majority of our
 current coal supply agreements expire. Any material failure by
 Peabody subsidiaries to make payments for coal sales would
 adversely affect our revenues and our ability to service any
 debt obligations that we incur in the future.

 The
 loss of, or significant reduction in, purchases by parties to
 existing coal supply agreements sourced from our operations
 could adversely affect our revenues. 

 For the year ended December 31, 2006 and the first six
 months of 2007, we derived 47% and 48%, respectively, of our
 total coal revenues from sales to our five largest ultimate
 customers pursuant to coal supply agreements expiring at various
 times through 2017. Although these customers currently have
 contracts with Peabody to purchase coal sourced from our
 operations, we will attempt to renew these agreements directly
 with the end customers when they expire. Our negotiations may
 not be successful and those customers may not continue to
 purchase coal from us. If a number of these customers
 significantly reduce their purchases of coal from us, or if we
 are unable to sell coal to them on terms as favorable to us as
 the terms under our current agreements, our results of
 operations, cash flows and financial condition could suffer
 materially.

 Any
 change in coal consumption patterns by steel producers or North
 American electric power generators resulting in a decrease in
 the use of coal by those consumers could result in lower prices
 for our coal, which would reduce our revenues and adversely
 impact our earnings and the value of our coal
 reserves. 

 Steam coal accounted for approximately 78%, 77% and 79% of our
 coal sales volume during 2005, 2006, and the first six months of
 2007, respectively. Substantially all of our sales of steam coal
 were to U.S. electric power generators. The amount of coal
 consumed for U.S. electric power generation is affected
 primarily by the overall demand for electricity, the location,
 availability, quality and price of competing fuels for power
 such as natural gas, nuclear, fuel oil and alternative energy
 sources such as hydroelectric power, technological developments,
 and environmental and other governmental regulations. In
 addition, the increasingly stringent requirements of the Clean
 Air Act may result in more electric power generators shifting
 from coal-fueled generation, and building more non-coal power
 sources in the future. Weather patterns can greatly affect
 electricity generation. Overall economic activity and the
 associated demands for power by industrial users also can have
 significant effects on overall electricity demand. In the past,
 economic slowdowns have significantly reduced the growth of
 electrical demand and, in some locations, resulted in
 contraction of demand. Any downward pressure on coal prices,
 whether due to increased use of alternative energy sources,
 changes in weather patterns, decreases in overall demand or
 otherwise, would likely cause our profitability to decline.

 Metallurgical coal accounted for approximately 22%, 23% and 21%
 of our coal sales volume during 2005, 2006, and the first six
 months of 2007, respectively. Any deterioration in global steel
 demand or in the steel industry would reduce the demand for our
 metallurgical coal and could impact the collectibility of our
 accounts receivable from steel industry customers. In addition,
 the steel industry increasingly relies on electric arc furnaces
 or pulverized coal processes to make steel. These processes do
 not use furnace coke, an intermediate product produced from
 metallurgical coal. Therefore, all growth in future steel
 production may not represent increased demand for metallurgical
 coal. If the demand or pricing for metallurgical coal decreases
 in the future, the amount of metallurgical coal we sell and
 prices that we receive for it could decrease, thereby reducing
 our revenues and adversely impacting our earnings and the value
 of our coal reserves.

 A
 decrease in our production of metallurgical coal could decrease
 our anticipated profitability. 

 We have annual capacity to produce approximately five to seven
 million tons of metallurgical coal. Our margins from these sales
 have increased significantly since 2004 and represent a large
 percentage of our

 15

 Table of Contents 

 overall revenues and profits. To the extent we experience either
 production or transportation difficulties that impair our
 ability to ship metallurgical coal at anticipated levels, our
 profitability will be reduced.

 The majority of our metallurgical coal production is priced
 annually. As a result, a decrease in near term metallurgical
 coal prices could decrease our profitability.

 Failures
 of contractor-operated sources to fulfill the delivery terms of
 their contracts with us could reduce our
 profitability. 

 Within our normal mining operations, we utilize third party
 sources for some coal production, including contract miners, to
 fulfill deliveries under our coal supply agreements.
 Approximately 19% and 23% of our total sales volume for 2006 and
 the first six months of 2007, respectively, were attributable to
 contractor-operated mines. Certain of our contractor-operated
 mines have experienced adverse geologic conditions, escalated
 operating costs
 and/or 
 financial difficulties that have made their delivery of coal to
 us at the contracted price difficult or uncertain. Our
 profitability or exposure to loss on transactions or
 relationships such as these is dependent upon a variety of
 factors, including the availability and reliability of the
 third-party supply; the price and financial viability of the
 third-party supply; our obligation to supply coal to customers
 in the event that adverse geologic conditions restrict
 deliveries from our suppliers; our willingness to participate in
 temporary cost increases experienced by third-party coal
 suppliers; our ability to pass on temporary cost increases to
 customers; and our ability to substitute, when economical,
 third-party coal sources with internal production or coal
 purchased in the market, and other factors.

 Inaccuracies
 in our estimates of economically recoverable coal reserves could
 result in lower than expected revenues, higher than expected
 costs or decreased profitability. 

 We base our proven and probable coal reserve information on
 engineering, economic and geological data previously assembled
 and analyzed by Peabody&#146;s staff, which includes various
 engineers and geologists, and which is periodically reviewed by
 an outside firm. The reserve estimates as to both quantity and
 quality are annually updated to reflect production of coal from
 the reserves and new drilling or other data received. There are
 numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities and
 qualities of and costs to mine recoverable reserves, including
 many factors beyond our control. Estimates of economically
 recoverable coal reserves and net cash flows necessarily depend
 upon a number of variable factors and assumptions relating to
 geological and mining conditions, relevant historical production
 statistics, the assumed effects of regulation and taxes, future
 coal prices, operating costs, mining technology improvements,
 severance and excise taxes, development costs and reclamation
 costs.

 For these reasons, estimates of the economically recoverable
 quantities and qualities attributable to any particular group of
 properties, classifications of coal reserves based on risk of
 recovery and estimates of net cash flows expected from
 particular reserves prepared by different engineers or by the
 same engineers at different times may vary substantially. Actual
 coal tonnage recovered from identified reserve areas or
 properties and revenues and expenditures with respect to our
 proven and probable coal reserves may vary materially from
 estimates. These estimates, thus, may not accurately reflect our
 actual coal reserves. Any inaccuracy in our estimates related to
 our proven and probable coal reserves could result in lower than
 expected revenues, higher than expected costs or decreased
 profitability.

 If the
 coal industry experiences overcapacity in the future, our
 profitability could be impaired. 

 During the mid-1970s and early 1980s, a growing coal market and
 increased demand for coal attracted new investors to the coal
 industry, spurred the development of new mines and resulted in
 production capacity in excess of market demand throughout the
 industry. Similarly, increases in future coal prices could
 encourage the development of expanded capacity by new or
 existing coal producers. Recently, the coal industry experienced
 lower demand as electricity usage was at lower than historic
 growth levels, primarily driven by weather patterns. According
 to EIA, as of December 2006 total coal inventories of utilities
 were approximately 140 million tons, 15% above the average
 for the five years then ended.

 16

 Table of Contents 

 Coal with lower delivered production costs shipped east from
 western coal mines and from offshore sources has resulted in
 increased competition for coal sales in regions historically
 sourced from Appalachian producers. In addition, coal companies
 with larger mines that utilize the longwall mining method
 typically have lower mine operating costs than certain of our
 mines that do not use the longwall mining method. As a result,
 such coal companies may be able to compete more effectively on
 price. This competition could result in a decrease in our market
 share in this region and a decrease in our revenues.

 We
 could be negatively affected if we fail to maintain satisfactory
 labor relations. 

 As of December 31, 2006, we had approximately
 2,500 employees. Approximately 61% of our employees as of
 December 31, 2006 at company operations were represented by
 the UMWA, and these operations generated approximately 47% of
 our 2006 sales volume. Relations with our employees and, where
 applicable, organized labor are important to our success. The
 current labor contract for most of our represented employees
 became effective January 1, 2007 and will expire on
 December 31, 2011. We operate a mine in western Kentucky
 with a separate UMWA contract covering approximately 350
 employees that expires on December 31, 2007.

 Due to the higher labor costs and the increased risk of strikes
 and other work-related stoppages that may be associated with
 union operations in the coal industry, our competitors who
 operate without union labor may have a competitive advantage in
 areas where they compete with our unionized operations. If some
 or all of our current non-union operations or those of third
 party contract miners were to become organized, we could incur
 an increased risk of work stoppages, reduced productivity and
 higher labor costs.

 A
 shortage of skilled labor and qualified managers in our
 operating regions could pose a risk to achieving improved labor
 productivity and competitive costs and could adversely affect
 our profitability. 

 Efficient coal mining using modern techniques and equipment
 requires skilled laborers with mining experience and proficiency
 as well as qualified managers and supervisors. In recent years,
 a shortage of experienced coal miners and managers in Appalachia
 and the Illinois Basin has at times negatively impacted our
 production levels and increased our costs. If the shortage of
 experienced labor continues or worsens, it could have an adverse
 impact on our productivity and costs and our ability to expand
 production in the event there is an increase in the demand for
 our coal, which could adversely affect our profitability.

 A
 decrease in the availability or increase in costs of key
 supplies, capital equipment or commodities could decrease our
 anticipated profitability. 

 Our purchases of some items of underground mining equipment are
 concentrated with one principal supplier. Further, our mining
 operations require a reliable supply of steel-related products
 (including roof control), replacement parts, belting products,
 and lubricants. If the cost of any of these inputs increased
 significantly, or if a source for such mining equipment or
 supplies were unavailable to meet our replacement demands, our
 profitability could be reduced from our current expectations.
 Industry-wide demand growth has exceeded supply growth for
 certain underground mining equipment, surface and other capital
 equipment. As a result, lead times for some items have increased
 significantly.

 Our
 coal mining production and delivery are subject to conditions
 and events beyond our control, which could result in higher
 operating expenses
 and/or 
 decreased production and sales and adversely affect our
 operating results. 

 Our coal mining operations are conducted, in large part, in
 underground mines and, to a lesser extent, at surface mines. The
 level of our production at these mines is subject to operating
 conditions and events beyond our control that could disrupt
 operations, affect production and the cost of mining at
 particular mines for varying lengths of time and have a
 significant impact on our operating results. Adverse operating
 conditions and events that coal producers have experienced in
 the past include changes or variations in geologic conditions,
 such as the thickness of the coal deposits and the amount of
 rock embedded in or overlying the coal deposit, mining and
 processing equipment failures and unexpected maintenance
 problems, adverse

 17

 Table of Contents 

 weather and natural disasters, such as snowstorms, heavy rains
 and flooding, accidental mine water inflows and unexpected mine
 safety accidents, including fires and explosions from methane
 and other sources.

 If any of these conditions or events occur in the future at any
 of our mines or affect deliveries of our coal to customers, they
 may increase our cost of mining and delay or halt production at
 particular mines or sales to our customers either permanently or
 for varying lengths of time, which could adversely affect our
 results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. We
 cannot assure you that these risks would be fully covered by our
 insurance policies.

 In addition, the geological characteristics of underground coal
 reserves in Appalachia and the Illinois Basin, such as rock
 intrusions, overmining, undermining and coal seam thickness,
 make them complex and costly to mine. As mines become depleted,
 replacement reserves may not be mineable at costs comparable to
 those characteristic of the depleting mines. These factors could
 materially adversely affect the mining operations and the cost
 structures of, and customers&#146; willingness to purchase coal
 produced by, our mines in Appalachia and the Illinois Basin.

 Defects
 in title of any leasehold interests in our properties could
 limit our ability to mine these properties or result in
 significant unanticipated costs. 

 We conduct a significant part of our mining operations on
 properties that we lease. Title to most of our leased properties
 and mineral rights is not thoroughly verified until a permit to
 mine the property is obtained. Our right to mine some of our
 proven and probable coal reserves may be materially adversely
 affected by defects in title or boundaries. In order to obtain
 leases or mining contracts to conduct our mining operations on
 property where these defects exist, we may in the future have to
 incur unanticipated costs, which could adversely affect our
 profitability.

 Our
 future success depends upon our ability to develop our existing
 coal reserves and to acquire additional reserves that are
 economically recoverable. 

 Our recoverable reserves decline as we produce coal. We have not
 yet applied for the permits required or developed the mines
 necessary to use all of our proven and probable coal reserves
 that are economically recoverable. Furthermore, we may not be
 able to mine all of our proven and probable coal reserves as
 profitably as we do at our current operations. Our future
 success depends upon our conducting successful exploration and
 development activities and acquiring properties containing
 economically recoverable proven and probable coal reserves. Our
 current strategy includes increasing our proven and probable
 coal reserves through acquisitions of leases and producing
 properties and continuing to use our existing properties.

 Our planned mine development projects and acquisition activities
 may not result in significant additional proven and probable
 coal reserves and we may not have continuing success developing
 additional mines. A substantial portion of our proven and
 probable coal reserves are not located adjacent to current
 operations and will require significant capital expenditures to
 develop. In order to develop our proven and probable coal
 reserves, we must receive various governmental permits. We
 cannot assure you that we will be able to receive the
 governmental permits that we would need to continue developing
 our proven and probable coal reserves.

 Most of our mining operations are conducted on properties owned
 or leased by us. We may not be able to negotiate new leases from
 private parties or obtain mining contracts for properties
 containing additional proven and probable coal reserves or
 maintain our leasehold interest in properties on which mining
 operations are not commenced during the term of the lease.

 If
 transportation for our coal becomes unavailable or uneconomic
 for our customers, our ability to sell coal could
 suffer. 

 Coal producers depend upon rail, barge, trucking, overland
 conveyor and ocean-going vessels to deliver coal to markets.
 While our coal customers typically arrange and pay for
 transportation of coal from the mine or port to the point of
 use, disruption of these transportation services because of
 weather-related problems, infrastructure damage, strikes,
 lock-outs, lack of fuel or maintenance items, transportation
 delays or other

 18

 Table of Contents 

 events could temporarily impair our ability to supply coal to
 customers and thus could adversely affect our results of
 operations, cash flows and financial condition.

 Transportation costs represent a significant portion of the
 total cost of coal for our customers and the cost of
 transportation is an important factor in a customer&#146;s
 purchasing decision. Increases in transportation costs could
 adversely impact our sales. One of our coal supply agreements,
 covering approximately 3.5 million tons per year, permits
 the customer to terminate such agreement if the barge
 transportation rates applicable to our shipments increase by
 more than a specified amount and we do not agree to reduce our
 selling price by the excess over such amount.

 Failure
 to obtain or renew surety bonds in a timely manner and on
 acceptable terms could affect our ability to secure reclamation
 and employee-related obligations, which could adversely affect
 our ability to mine coal. 

 U.S. federal and state laws require us to secure certain of
 our obligations to reclaim lands used for mining, to pay federal
 and state workers&#146; compensation, and to satisfy other
 miscellaneous obligations. The primary method for us to meet
 those obligations is to post a corporate guarantee ( i.e. ,
 self-bond) or to provide a third-party surety bond. As of
 December 31, 2006, Peabody had $51.2 million of self
 bonds in place primarily for our reclamation obligations. We do
 not expect that Patriot will be able to self bond immediately
 following the spin-off. Peabody also had outstanding surety
 bonds with third parties and letters of credit aggregating
 $395.9 million relating to our operations, of which
 $86.9 million was for post-mining reclamation,
 $146.2 million related to workers&#146; compensation
 obligations, $119.4 million was for retiree healthcare
 obligations, $20.3 million was for coal lease obligations,
 and $23.1 million was for other obligations (including
 collateral for surety companies and bank guarantees, road
 maintenance, and performance guarantees). These bonds are
 typically renewable on a yearly basis. The transition from
 Peabody backed surety bonds and self-bonding to Patriot backed
 surety bonds may require us to post a letter of credit or cash
 collateral. Surety bond issuers and holders may not continue to
 renew the bonds or may demand additional collateral upon those
 renewals. Our failure to maintain, or inability to acquire,
 surety bonds or to provide a suitable alternative would have a
 material adverse effect on us. That failure could result from a
 variety of factors including lack of availability, higher
 expense or unfavorable market terms of new surety bonds,
 restrictions on the availability of collateral for current and
 future third-party surety bond issuers under the terms of our
 credit facility and the exercise by third-party surety bond
 issuers of their right to refuse to renew the surety.

 If our
 business does not generate sufficient cash for operations, we
 may not be able to repay borrowings under our credit facility or
 fund other liquidity needs. 

 We currently have minimal outstanding debt, but to the extent we
 incur debt in the future, our ability to pay principal and
 interest on and to refinance our debt will depend upon the
 operating performance of our subsidiaries. Our business may not
 generate sufficient cash flows from operations and future
 borrowings may not be available to us under our credit facility
 or otherwise in an amount sufficient to enable us to repay any
 borrowings under our credit facility or to fund our other
 liquidity needs. We may not be able to refinance the revolver
 under our credit facility on commercially reasonable terms, on
 terms acceptable to us or at all.

 Our
 expenditures for postretirement benefit obligations could be
 materially higher than we have predicted if our actual
 experience differs from the underlying
 assumptions. 

 We provide postretirement health and life insurance benefits to
 eligible union and non-union employees. We calculated the total
 accumulated postretirement benefit obligation according to the
 guidance provided by Statement of Financial Accounting Standard
 (SFAS) No. 106, &#147;Employers&#146; Accounting for
 Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions&#148;
 (SFAS No. 106). We estimated the present value of the
 obligation to be $1.21 billion as of December 31, 2006
 and $1.21 billion as of June 30, 2007, of which a Peabody
 subsidiary will assume primary responsibility for
 $636.0 million and $614.5 million, respectively. We
 have estimated these unfunded obligations based on assumptions
 described in the notes to our combined financial statements. If
 our assumptions do not materialize as expected, cash
 expenditures and costs that we incur could be materially higher.

 19

 Table of Contents 

 We
 could be liable for certain retiree healthcare obligations to be
 assumed by Peabody in connection with the
 spin-off. 

 In connection with the spin-off, a Peabody subsidiary will
 assume primary responsibility for certain retiree healthcare
 obligations of Patriot and its subsidiaries having a present
 value of $636.0 million as of December 31, 2006 and
 $614.5 million as of June 30, 2007. These obligations arise
 under the Coal Industry Retiree Health Benefit Act of 1992 (Coal
 Act), the 2007 National Bituminous Coal Wage Agreement (2007
 NBCWA) and predecessor agreements and a subsidiary&#146;s
 salaried retiree healthcare plan. For further information
 regarding the terms of the governing liability assumption
 agreements and related administrative services agreement, see
 &#147;Our Relationship with Peabody after the
 Spin-Off &#151; Liability Assumption Agreements and
 Administrative Services Agreement&#148; beginning on
 page 107.

 Although the Peabody subsidiary will be obligated to pay such
 obligations, certain Patriot subsidiaries will also remain
 jointly and severally liable for the Coal Act obligations, and
 secondarily liable for the assumed 2007 NBCWA obligations and
 retiree healthcare obligations for certain participants under a
 subsidiary&#146;s retiree healthcare plan. As a consequence,
 Patriot&#146;s recorded retiree healthcare obligations and
 related cash costs could increase substantially if the Peabody
 subsidiary fails to perform its obligations under the liability
 assumption agreements. These additional liabilities and costs,
 if incurred, could have a material adverse effect on our results
 of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

 Due to
 our participation in multi-employer pension plans, we may have
 exposure that extends beyond what our obligations would be with
 respect to our employees. 

 Certain of our subsidiaries participate in two defined benefit
 multi-employer pension funds that were established as a result
 of collective bargaining with the UMWA pursuant to the 2007
 NBCWA as periodically negotiated. These plans provide pension
 and disability pension benefits to qualifying represented
 employees retiring from a participating employer where the
 employee last worked prior to January 1, 1976, in the case
 of the UMWA 1950 Pension Plan, or after December 31, 1975,
 in the case of the UMWA 1974 Pension Plan. In December 2006, the
 2007 NBCWA was signed, which required funding of the 1974
 Pension Plan through 2011 under a phased funding schedule. The
 funding is based on an hourly rate for active UMWA workers.
 Under the labor contract, the per hour funding rate increased
 from zero to $2.00 in 2007 and will increase each year
 thereafter until reaching $5.50 in 2011. Our subsidiaries with
 UMWA-represented employees are required to contribute to the
 1974 Pension Plan at the new hourly rates. During 2006, our
 represented employees subject to the new rate worked a total of
 approximately four million hours.

 Contributions to these funds could increase as a result of
 future collective bargaining with the UMWA, a shrinking
 contribution base as a result of the insolvency of other coal
 companies who currently contribute to these funds, lower than
 expected returns on pension fund assets or other funding
 deficiencies.

 Our
 exposure to statutory retiree healthcare costs could be
 significantly higher than we have estimated. 

 The Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act Amendment of 2006
 (2006 Act) authorized $490 million in general fund revenues
 to pay for certain benefits, including the healthcare costs
 under the Combined Fund, 1992 Benefit Plan and 1993 Benefit Plan
 (each as described below under &#147;Business &#151;
 Certain Liabilities &#151; Retiree Healthcare&#148;) for
 &#147;orphans&#148; who are retirees and their dependents. Under
 the 2006 Act, these orphan benefits will be the responsibility
 of the federal government on a phased-in basis through 2012. If
 Congress were to amend or repeal the 2006 Act or if the
 $490 million authorization were insufficient to pay for
 these healthcare costs, certain of our subsidiaries, along with
 other contributing employers and their affiliates, would be
 responsible for the excess costs. Our aggregate cash payments to
 the Combined Fund, 1992 Benefit Plan and 1993 Benefit Plan were
 $14.0 million and $10.0 million during 2006 and the
 first six months of 2007, respectively.

 20

 Table of Contents 

 Our
 mining operations are extensively regulated, which imposes
 significant costs on us, and future regulations and developments
 could increase those costs or limit our ability to produce
 coal. 

 Federal and state authorities regulate the coal mining industry
 with respect to matters such as employee health and safety,
 permitting and licensing requirements, air quality standards,
 water pollution, plant and wildlife protection, reclamation and
 restoration of mining properties after mining is completed, the
 discharge of materials into the environment, surface subsidence
 from underground mining and the effects that mining has on
 groundwater quality and availability. In addition, significant
 legislation mandating specified benefits for retired coal miners
 affects our industry. Numerous governmental permits and
 approvals are required for mining operations. We are required to
 prepare and present to federal, state or local authorities data
 pertaining to the effect or impact that any proposed exploration
 for or production of coal may have upon the environment. The
 costs, liabilities and requirements associated with these
 regulations may be costly and time-consuming and may delay
 commencement or continuation of exploration or production. New
 legislation
 and/or 
 regulations and orders related to the environment or employee
 health and safety may be adopted and may materially adversely
 affect our mining operations, our cost structure
 and/or our
 customers&#146; ability to use coal. New legislation or
 administrative regulations (or judicial or administrative
 interpretations of existing laws and regulations), including
 proposals related to the protection of the environment that
 would further regulate and tax the coal industry, may also
 require us or our customers to change operations significantly
 or incur increased costs. The majority of our coal supply
 agreements contain provisions that allow a purchaser to
 terminate its contract if legislation is passed that either
 restricts the use or type of coal permissible at the
 purchaser&#146;s plant or results in specified increases in the
 cost of coal or its use. These factors and legislation, if
 enacted, could have a material adverse effect on our results of
 operations, cash flows and financial condition.

 Furthermore, in the event of certain violations of safety rules,
 the Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA), may order the
 temporary closure of mines. In addition, our customers may
 challenge our issuance of force majeure notices in connection
 with such closures. If these challenges are successful, we could
 be obligated to make up lost shipments, to reimburse customers
 for the additional costs to purchase replacement coal, or, in
 some cases, to terminate certain sales contracts.

 Concerns
 about the environmental impacts of coal combustion, including
 perceived impacts on global climate change, are resulting in
 increased regulation of coal combustion in many jurisdictions,
 and interest in further regulation, which could significantly
 affect demand for our products. 

 Global climate change continues to attract considerable public
 and scientific attention. Widely publicized scientific reports
 in 2007, such as the Fourth Assessment Report of the
 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, have also engendered
 widespread concern about the impacts of human activity,
 especially fossil fuel combustion, on global climate change. In
 turn, considerable and increasing government attention in the
 United States is being paid to global climate change and to
 reducing greenhouse gas emissions, particularly from coal
 combustion by power plants. Legislation was introduced in
 Congress in 2006 and 2007 to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in
 the United States and additional legislation is likely to be
 introduced in the future. In addition, a growing number of
 states in the United States are taking steps to reduce
 greenhouse gas emissions from coal-fired power plants. The
 U.S. Supreme Court&#146;s recent decision in
 Massachusetts v. Environmental Protection Agency
 ruled that the EPA improperly declined to address carbon
 dioxide impacts on climate change in a recent rulemaking.
 Although the specific rulemaking related to new motor vehicles,
 the reasoning of the decision could affect other federal
 regulatory programs, including those that directly relate to
 coal use. Enactment of laws and passage of regulations regarding
 greenhouse gas emissions by the United States or some of its
 states, or other actions to limit carbon dioxide emissions,
 could result in electric generators switching from coal to other
 fuel sources.

 Concerns about other adverse environmental effects from coal
 combustion have also led to increased regulation. For example,
 in the United States, CAIR and CAMR, both issued by the EPA in
 March 2005, impose increasingly stringent requirements on
 coal-fired power plants in order to reduce emissions of sulfur
 dioxide, nitrogen oxide, and mercury. Each of the regulations
 takes effect in two phases, the first phase requiring certain
 reductions in overall emissions by
 2009-10, the
 second requiring additional reductions in overall emissions by
 2015 under CAIR and 2018 under CAMR. Both rules have been the
 subject of legal

 21

 Table of Contents 

 challenges by environmental advocacy groups that seek larger
 cuts sooner. Some states have independently established
 requirements imposing larger cuts sooner. Such requirements, in
 varying degrees, increase the costs of coal utilization for our
 customers and our prospective customers.

 Further developments in connection with legislation, regulations
 or other limits on greenhouse gas emissions and other
 environmental impacts from coal combustion, both in the United
 States and in other countries where we sell coal, could have a
 material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows
 and financial condition.

 We may
 be unable to obtain and renew permits necessary for our
 operations, which would reduce our production, cash flows and
 profitability. 

 Mining companies must obtain numerous permits and approvals that
 impose strict regulations on various environmental and safety
 matters in connection with coal mining. These include permits
 issued by various federal and state agencies and regulatory
 bodies. The permitting rules are complex and may change over
 time, making our ability to comply with the applicable
 requirements more difficult or even unachievable, thereby
 precluding continuing or future mining operations. Private
 individuals and the public have certain rights to comment upon,
 submit objections to, and otherwise engage in the permitting
 process, including through court intervention. Accordingly, the
 permits we need may not be issued, maintained or renewed, or may
 not be issued or renewed in a timely fashion, or may involve
 requirements that restrict our ability to conduct our mining
 operations. An inability to conduct our mining operations
 pursuant to applicable permits and approvals could adversely
 affect our production, results of operations, cash flows and
 financial condition.

 Section 404 under the Clean Water Act of 1972 (Clean Water
 Act) requires mining companies to obtain U.S. Army Corps of
 Engineers permits to place material in streams for the purpose
 of creating slurry ponds, water impoundments, refuse areas,
 valley fills or other mining activities. These permits have been
 the subject of multiple recent court cases, the results of which
 may affect permitting costs or result in permitting delays.

 Our
 operations may impact the environment or cause exposure to
 hazardous substances, and our properties may have environmental
 contamination, which could result in material liabilities to
 us. 

 Certain of our coal mining operations use, from time to time,
 hazardous materials and, to the extent that such material are
 not recycled, they will become hazardous waste. We and companies
 we have acquired have utilized certain hazardous materials and
 generated similar wastes. We may be subject to claims under
 federal and state statutes
 and/or 
 common law doctrines for toxic torts and other damages as well
 as for natural resource damages and the investigation and clean
 up of soil, surface water, groundwater, and other media under
 laws such as the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response,
 Compensation and Liabilities Act (CERCLA, commonly known as
 Superfund). Such claims may arise, for example, out of current
 or former conditions at sites that we own or operate currently,
 as well as at sites that we and companies we acquired owned or
 operated in the past, and at contaminated sites that have always
 been owned or operated by third parties. Liability may be
 without regard to fault and may be joint and several, so that we
 may be held responsible for more than our share of the
 contamination or other damages, or even for the entire share.

 We maintain coal slurry impoundments at a number of our mines.
 Such impoundments are subject to extensive regulation.
 Structural failure of an impoundment can result in extensive
 damage to the environment and natural resources, such as streams
 or bodies of water that the coal slurry reaches, as well as
 related personal injuries and property damages, and injuries to
 wildlife which in turn can give rise to extensive liability.
 Some of our impoundments overlie areas where some mining has
 occurred, which can pose a heightened risk of failure and of
 damages arising out of failure. If one of our impoundments were
 to fail, we could be subject to substantial claims for the
 resulting environmental contamination and associated liability,
 as well as for fines and penalties.

 These and other similar unforeseen impacts that our operations
 may have on the environment, as well as exposures to hazardous
 substances or wastes associated with our operations, could
 result in costs and liabilities that could materially and
 adversely affect us.

 22

 Table of Contents 

 Our
 ability to operate our company effectively could be impaired if
 we lose key personnel or fail to attract qualified
 personnel. 

 We manage our business with a number of key personnel, the loss
 of a number of whom could have a material adverse effect on us.
 In addition, as our business develops and expands, we believe
 that our future success will depend greatly on our continued
 ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified
 personnel. We cannot be certain that key personnel will continue
 to be employed by us or that we will be able to attract and
 retain qualified personnel in the future. We do not have
 &#147;key person&#148; life insurance to cover our executive
 officers. Failure to retain or attract key personnel could have
 a material adverse effect on us.

 Terrorist
 attacks and threats, escalation of military activity in response
 to such attacks or acts of war may negatively affect our
 business, financial condition and results of
 operations. 

 Terrorist attacks and threats, escalation of military activity
 in response to such attacks or acts of war may negatively affect
 our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
 Future terrorist attacks against U.S. targets, rumors or
 threats of war, actual conflicts involving the United States or
 its allies, or military or trade disruptions affecting our
 customers or the economy as a whole may materially adversely
 affect our operations or those of our customers. As a result,
 there could be delays or losses in transportation and deliveries
 of coal to our customers, decreased sales of our coal and
 extension of time for payment of accounts receivable from our
 customers. Strategic targets such as energy-related assets may
 be at greater risk of future terrorist attacks than other
 targets in the United States. In addition, disruption or
 significant increases in energy prices could result in
 government-imposed price controls. It is possible that any of
 these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
 results of operations.

 Risk
 Factors Relating to Our Common Stock 

 Our
 corporate governance documents, our rights plan and Delaware law
 may discourage takeovers and business combinations that our
 stockholders might consider in their best
 interests. 

 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation and bylaws may make it difficult and expensive for
 a third-party to pursue a tender offer, change in control or
 takeover attempt that is opposed by our management and Board of
 Directors. These provisions include a Board that is divided into
 three classes with staggered terms, limitations on the right of
 stockholders to remove directors, the right of our Board to
 issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, the
 inability of our stockholders to act by written consent and
 rules regarding how stockholders may present proposals or
 nominate directors at stockholders meetings.

 Public stockholders who might desire to participate in this type
 of transaction may not have an opportunity to do so. These
 anti-takeover provisions could substantially impede the ability
 of public stockholders to benefit from a change in control or
 change our management and Board and, as a result, may adversely
 affect the marketability and market price of our common stock.

 In addition, we expect that our Board will adopt a stockholder
 rights plan intended to deter hostile or coercive attempts to
 acquire us. Under the plan, if any person or group acquires, or
 begins a tender or exchange offer that could result in such
 person acquiring, 15% or more of our common stock, without
 approval of our Board under specified circumstances, our other
 stockholders will have the right to purchase shares of our
 common stock, or shares of the acquiring company, at a
 substantial discount to the public market price. See
 &#147;Description of Our Capital Stock &#151; Rights
 Agreement&#148; beginning on page 116.

 Patriot will also be subject to the provisions of Delaware law
 regarding business combinations with interested stockholders.
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
 prohibits, in certain circumstances, a corporation from engaging
 in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a
 period of three years following the date on which the
 stockholder became an interested stockholder.

 23

 Table of Contents 

 There
 may not be an active trading market for shares of our common
 stock. 

 Prior to the spin-off, there has been no public trading market
 for shares of our common stock. We intend to apply to have our
 common stock authorized for listing on the NYSE under the symbol
 &#147;PCX&#148;. We cannot predict the extent to which investor
 interest in our company will lead to the development of an
 active trading market in our common stock or how liquid such a
 market might become. It is possible that, after the spin-off, an
 active trading market will not develop or continue and we cannot
 assure you as to the price at which our common stock will trade.
 The initial price of shares of our common stock may not be
 indicative of prices that will prevail in any future trading
 market.

 In addition, because of the significant changes that will take
 place as a result of the spin-off, the trading market for each
 of our common stock and Peabody common stock after the spin-off
 may be significantly different from that for Peabody common
 stock prior to the spin-off. The market may view Patriot as a
 &#147;new&#148; company after the spin-off and it is possible
 that we will not be the subject of significant research analyst
 coverage. The absence of significant research analyst coverage
 of our company can adversely affect the market value and
 liquidity of an equity security.

 We
 cannot predict the price range or volatility of our common stock
 after the spin-off, and sales of a substantial number of shares
 of our common stock may adversely affect the market price of our
 common stock. 

 From time to time, the market price and volume of shares traded
 of companies in the coal mining industry experience periods of
 significant volatility. Company-specific issues and developments
 generally in the coal mining industry or the economy may cause
 this volatility. The market price of our common stock may
 fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors,
 including general economic, market and political conditions,
 quarterly variations in results of operations or results of
 operations that could be below the expectations of the public
 market analysts and investors changes in financial estimates and
 recommendations by securities analysts, operating and market
 price performance of other companies that investors may deem
 comparable, press releases or publicity relating to us or our
 competitors or relating to trends in our markets and sales
 of common stock or other securities by insiders.

 In addition, broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as
 investor perception and the depth and liquidity of the market
 for our common stock, may adversely affect the trading price of
 our common stock, regardless of actual operating performance.

 Sales or distributions of a substantial number of shares of our
 common stock in the public market or otherwise following the
 spin-off, or the perception that such sales could occur, could
 adversely affect the market price of our common stock. After the
 spin-off, all of the shares of our common stock, other than the
 shares held by executive officers and directors, will be
 eligible for immediate resale in the public market. Investment
 criteria of certain investment funds and other holders of our
 common stock may result in the immediate sale of our common
 stock after the spin-off to the extent such stock no longer
 meets these criteria. Substantial selling of our common stock,
 whether as a result of the spin-off or otherwise, could
 adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

 We cannot assure you as to the price at which our common stock
 will trade after the distribution date. Until our common stock
 is fully distributed and an orderly market develops in our
 common stock, the price at which our common stock trades may
 fluctuate significantly and may be lower or higher than the
 price that would be expected for a fully distributed issue.

 SPECIAL
 NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 This information statement and other materials filed or to be
 filed by Peabody and Patriot, as well as information in oral
 statements or other written statements made or to be made by
 Peabody and Patriot, contain statements, including in this
 document under the captions &#147;Summary,&#148; &#147;Risk
 Factors,&#148; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; and
 &#147;Business,&#148; that are, or may be considered to be,
 forward-looking statements. All statements that are not
 historical facts, including

 24

 Table of Contents 

 statements about our beliefs or expectations, are
 forward-looking statements. You can identify these
 forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking words
 such as &#147;outlook,&#148; &#147;believes,&#148;
 &#147;expects,&#148; &#147;potential,&#148;
 &#147;continues,&#148; &#147;may,&#148; &#147;will,&#148;
 &#147;should,&#148; &#147;seeks,&#148;
 &#147;approximately,&#148; &#147;predicts,&#148;
 &#147;intends,&#148; &#147;plans,&#148; &#147;estimates,&#148;
 &#147;anticipates,&#148; &#147;foresees&#148; or the negative
 version of those words or other comparable words and phrases.
 Any forward-looking statements contained in this information
 statement are based upon our historical performance and on
 current plans, estimates and expectations. The inclusion of this
 forward-looking information should not be regarded as a
 representation by us or any other person that the future plans,
 estimates or expectations contemplated by us will be achieved.

 We believe that the factors that could cause our actual results
 to differ materially include but are not limited to the factors
 we describe in this information statement, including under
 &#147;Risk Factors,&#148; &#147;The Spin-off&#148; and
 &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations.&#148; The following list
 represents some, but not necessarily all, of the factors that
 could cause actual results to differ from historical results or
 those anticipated or predicted by these forward-looking
 statements:

 &#149; 

 Difficulty in implementing our business strategies;

 &#149; 

 The outcome of commercial negotiations involving sales contracts
 or other transactions;

 &#149; 

 Customer performance and credit risk;

 &#149; 

 Supplier performance, and the availability and cost of key
 equipment and commodities;

 &#149; 

 Availability and costs of transportation;

 &#149; 

 Geologic, equipment and operational risks associated with mining;

 &#149; 

 Our ability to replace proven and probable coal reserves;

 &#149; 

 Labor availability and relations;

 &#149; 

 Our ability to respond to changing customer preferences;

 &#149; 

 Availability and costs of credit, surety bonds and letters of
 credit;

 &#149; 

 Price volatility and demand, particularly in higher-margin
 products;

 &#149; 

 Reductions of purchases by major customers;

 &#149; 

 Variations in revenue related to synthetic fuel production;

 &#149; 

 The effects of mergers, acquisitions and divestitures;

 &#149; 

 Legislative and regulatory developments, including new
 environmental laws and regulations affecting the use of coal,
 including mercury and carbon dioxide-related limitations;

 &#149; 

 The outcome of pending or future litigation;

 &#149; 

 Coal and power market conditions;

 &#149; 

 Weather patterns affecting energy demand;

 &#149; 

 Competition in our industry;

 &#149; 

 Changes in postretirement benefit obligations;

 &#149; 

 Changes to contribution requirements to multi-employer benefit
 funds;

 &#149; 

 Availability and costs of competing energy resources;

 &#149; 

 Worldwide economic and political conditions;

 &#149; 

 Interest rate fluctuation;

 &#149; 

 Inflationary trends, including those impacting materials used in
 our business;

 25

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 

 Economic strength and political stability of countries in which
 we serve customers;

 &#149; 

 Wars and acts of terrorism or sabotage; and

 &#149; 

 Impacts of pandemic illness.

 These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should
 be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that
 are included in this information statement. If one or more of
 these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our
 underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may
 vary materially from what we projected. Consequently, actual
 events and results may vary significantly from those included in
 or contemplated or implied by our forward-looking statements.
 The forward-looking statements included in this information
 statement are made only as of the date of this information
 statement, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or
 review any forward-looking statement made by us or on our
 behalf, whether as a result of new information, future
 developments, subsequent events or circumstances or otherwise.

 THE
 SPIN-OFF 

 Peabody announced on April 19, 2007 that it was evaluating
 strategic alternatives for selected subsidiaries in Appalachia
 and the Illinois Basin. After a thorough strategic review of
 Peabody&#146;s global portfolio, Peabody determined that
 separating this group of assets from its other operations would
 allow Patriot to be in a better position to thrive under its own
 management focus and long-term growth plans, and allow the
 separate entities to create more long-term value individually
 than through the combined entity. Peabody, as the Company&#146;s
 sole stockholder prior to the spin-off, and its Board of
 Directors determined the financial terms of the spin-off by
 evaluating information such as: production forecasts; near-term
 and longer-term outlook in the markets in which Patriot
 operates; capital structure, including current and projected
 debt levels, borrowing capacity and existing liabilities; and
 certain other financial studies, analyses and investigations
 that it deemed relevant.

 The transaction, which is intended to be in the form of a
 tax-free dividend to Peabody stockholders, is subject to a
 number of conditions, including the receipt of a favorable
 ruling from the IRS and necessary consents and regulatory
 approvals, any or all of which may be waived by Peabody.
 Peabody&#146;s Board of Directors will establish record and
 payment dates for the spin-off of Patriot shortly before the
 completion of the distribution. Peabody&#146;s current dividend
 will not be affected by the distribution.

 Reasons
 for the Spin-Off 

 Peabody&#146;s Board of Directors believes that the spin-off
 will separate businesses with fundamentally different
 characteristics that require management to pursue distinct
 operating and business strategies. The separation is intended to
 benefit stockholders by allowing Patriot to maximize the
 performance of its assets through undivided senior management
 focus on and capital allocation to these businesses.

 The Board of Directors of Peabody considered the following
 potential benefits in making the determination to effect the
 spin-off. In evaluating these potential benefits, Peabody&#146;s
 Board considered Patriot&#146;s capital structure, debt levels
 and retiree healthcare liabilities and the effect on Patriot of
 the agreements being entered into with Peabody in connection
 with the
 spin-off. 
 See &#147;Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Data.&#148;

 &#149; 

 Patriot&#146;s operations in Appalachia and the Illinois
 Basin represent a unique set of commercial and operational
 profiles. Patriot&#146;s operations in Appalachia
 and the Illinois Basin differ from Peabody&#146;s operations in
 several respects, including: geologic characteristics of the
 coal reserves, mining conditions, workforce management
 approaches, business and regulatory environment, mine size, coal
 qualities and supply/demand dynamics. Peabody&#146;s management
 believes that a management team focused on these unique aspects
 will better position Patriot to maximize its operating
 performance.

 &#149; 

 Through separation, each company will be able to more
 narrowly focus on core business priorities to drive stockholder
 value. Peabody&#146;s asset base continues to
 evolve as a global coal investment, positioned to maximize
 stockholder value from its global reach. Patriot&#146;s asset
 base in Appalachia and the Illinois Basin is positioned to
 maximize stockholder value as a leading eastern
 U.S. producer.

 26

 Table of Contents 

 Peabody&#146;s management believes that a separate focus on
 these distinctive value creation philosophies will allow each
 set of operations to unlock value not currently being realized.

 &#149; 

 With its strong presence in Central Appalachia, Patriot will
 be well-positioned to be a consolidator within that highly
 fragmented region. In recent years,
 Patriot&#146;s access to resources has been limited as
 Peabody&#146;s strategy has focused on international markets and
 the western and midwestern portions of the United States. As an
 independent entity, Patriot will not compete with Peabody&#146;s
 other operations for capital. Instead, Patriot will be in a
 position to pursue strategies its Board and management believe
 will create long-term stockholder value, including acquisition
 and organic growth opportunities in the highly fragmented
 Central Appalachian region.

 Neither we nor Peabody can assure you that, following the
 spin-off, any of these benefits will be realized to the extent
 anticipated or at all. See &#147;Risk Factors.&#148;

 Peabody&#146;s Board of Directors also considered a number of
 other factors in evaluating the spin-off, including:

 &#149; 

 The one-time and on-going costs of the spin-off;

 &#149; 

 The possibility that Patriot may experience disruptions in its
 business as a result of the spin-off;

 &#149; 

 The limitations placed on Patriot as a result of the tax
 separation agreement and other agreements that it is entering
 into with Peabody in connection with the spin-off; and

 &#149; 

 The risk that the combined trading prices of our common stock
 and Peabody common stock after the distribution may be lower
 than the trading price of Peabody common stock before the
 distribution.

 Peabody&#146;s Board of Directors concluded, however, that the
 potential long-term benefits of the spin-off outweigh these
 factors, and that separating Patriot from Peabody in the form of
 a tax-free distribution is appropriate and advisable.

 Manner of
 Effecting the Spin-Off 

 The general terms and conditions relating to the spin-off will
 be set forth in a separation agreement, plan of reorganization
 and distribution between Peabody and Patriot. The spin-off will
 be effective at 11:59 p.m., New York City time on the
 distribution date, which
 is ,
 2007. As a result of the spin-off, each Peabody stockholder will
 receive one share of our common stock for every ten shares of
 Peabody common stock they own. No fractional shares will be
 issued. Those stockholders who would otherwise be entitled to
 receive fractional shares will receive cash in lieu of
 fractional shares. In order to be entitled to receive shares of
 our common stock in the spin-off, Peabody stockholders must be
 stockholders at the close of business of the NYSE on the record
 date, ,
 2007. The spin-off of the Patriot shares will be made in
 book-entry form, and physical stock certificates will be issued
 only upon request. Each share of our common stock that is
 distributed will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
 and free of preemptive rights. See &#147;Description of Our
 Capital Stock&#148; beginning on page 113.

 Peabody stockholders will not be required to pay for shares of
 our common stock received in the spin-off or to surrender or
 exchange shares of Peabody common stock in order to receive our
 common stock or to take any other action in connection with the
 spin-off. No vote of Peabody stockholders is required or sought
 in connection with the spin-off, and Peabody stockholders have
 no appraisal rights in connection with the spin-off.

 IN ORDER TO BE ENTITLED TO RECEIVE SHARES OF OUR COMMON
 STOCK IN THE SPIN-OFF, YOU MUST BE A HOLDER OF PEABODY COMMON
 STOCK AT THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS ON THE RECORD DATE. 

 The distribution agent will not deliver any fractional shares of
 our common stock in connection with the distribution. Instead,
 the distribution agent will aggregate all fractional shares and
 sell them on behalf of those holders who otherwise would be
 entitled to receive a fractional share. Patriot anticipates that
 these sales will occur between the record date and the
 distribution date. Such holders will then receive a cash payment
 in an amount equal to their pro rata share of the total net
 proceeds of those sales. Such cash payments will be made

 27

 Table of Contents 

 to the holders in the same accounts in which the underlying
 shares are held. If a Peabody stockholder physically holds
 Peabody stock certificates, such holder&#146;s check for any
 cash that he or she may be entitled to receive instead of
 fractional shares of our common stock will be included together
 with the account statement in the mailing that the distribution
 agent expects to send out on the distribution date.

 None of Peabody, Patriot or the distribution agent will
 guarantee any minimum sale price for the fractional shares of
 Patriot common stock. Neither Patriot nor Peabody will pay any
 interest on the proceeds from the sale of fractional shares.

 Results
 of the Spin-Off 

 After the spin-off, Patriot will be a separately traded, public
 company. Immediately following the spin-off, Patriot expects to
 have approximately 191,000 beneficial holders and nearly 1,100
 record holders of shares of our common stock, based on the
 number of beneficial and record holders, respectively, of shares
 of Peabody common stock on August 14, 2007. The actual
 number of shares to be distributed will be determined on the
 record date and will reflect any exercise of Peabody options
 between the date the Board of Directors of Peabody declares the
 dividend for the spin-off and the record date for the spin-off.

 Peabody and Patriot will be parties to a number of agreements
 that govern the spin-off and the future relationship between the
 two companies. For a more detailed description of these
 agreements, please see &#147;Our Relationship with Peabody After
 the Spin-Off&#148; beginning on page 103.

 Material
 U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
 Spin-Off 

 The following is a summary of material U.S. federal income
 tax consequences to Peabody, Patriot and the holders of Peabody
 and our common stock after the spin-off as of the date hereof.
 This summary does not discuss all tax considerations that may be
 relevant to stockholders in light of their particular
 circumstances, nor does it address the consequences to
 stockholders subject to special treatment under the
 U.S. federal income tax laws, such as tax-exempt entities,
 non-resident alien individuals, foreign entities, foreign trusts
 and estates and beneficiaries thereof, stockholders who acquire
 shares as compensation for services (including holders of
 Peabody restricted stock who did not make a Section 83(b)
 election), insurance companies and dealers in securities. In
 addition, this summary does not address any state, local or
 foreign tax consequences. This summary is based upon provisions
 of the Code, and regulations, rulings and judicial decisions, as
 of the date hereof. Those authorities may be changed, perhaps
 retroactively, so as to result in U.S. federal income tax
 consequences different from those summarized below.

 If a partnership holds Peabody or our common stock, the tax
 treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the status of
 the partner and the activities of the partnership. If you are a
 partner of a partnership holding Peabody or our common stock,
 you should consult your tax advisors.

 We recommend that stockholders consult their own tax advisors
 concerning the specific tax consequences of the spin-off of our
 common stock to holders of Peabody common stock in light of
 their particular circumstances. This summary is not intended to
 be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice to any
 particular investor. 

 We recommend that holders who have blocks of Peabody common
 stock with different per share tax bases should consult their
 own advisors regarding the possible tax basis consequences to
 them of the spin-off.

 Peabody expects to receive a ruling from the IRS to the effect
 that the spin-off will qualify as a tax-free transaction under
 Section 355 of the Code. Although letter rulings are
 generally binding on the IRS, the continuing validity of a
 ruling is subject to factual representations and assumptions
 contained in the letter. Peabody and Patriot are not aware of
 any facts or circumstances that would cause the representations
 and assumptions on which we expect the ruling to be based to be
 incorrect.

 In connection with obtaining the ruling, Peabody has requested
 an opinion from Ernst &#038; Young LLP as to the
 satisfaction of certain required qualifying conditions for the
 application of Section 355 to the spin-off. An opinion of
 independent tax accountants is not binding on the IRS or the
 courts. The requested opinion of

 28

 Table of Contents 

 Ernst &#038; Young LLP will be based on, among other
 things, current tax law and assumptions and representations as
 to factual matters made by Peabody, which if incorrect in
 certain material respects, would jeopardize the conclusions
 reached by Ernst &#038; Young LLP in its opinion. Peabody
 and Patriot are not currently aware of any facts or
 circumstances that would cause these assumptions and
 representations to be untrue or incorrect in any material
 respect or that would jeopardize the conclusions reached by
 Ernst &#038; Young LLP in its opinion.

 On the basis of the expected receipt of the ruling and the
 opinion Peabody expects to receive in connection therewith, and
 assuming that Peabody common stock is a capital asset in the
 hands of a Peabody stockholder on the distribution date:

 &#149; 

 holders of Peabody common stock will not recognize any income,
 gain or loss as a result of the spin-off, except that holders
 that receive cash in lieu of fractional shares of our common
 stock will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference
 between such cash and the tax basis allocated to such fractional
 shares;

 &#149; 

 holders of Peabody common stock will apportion the tax basis of
 their Peabody common stock between such Peabody common stock and
 our common stock received by such holders in the spin-off in
 proportion to the relative fair market values of such stock at
 the time of the spin-off;

 &#149; 

 the holding period for the common stock received in the spin-off
 by holders of Peabody common stock will include the period
 during which such holders held the Peabody common stock with
 respect to which the spin-off was made; and

 &#149; 

 neither Peabody nor Patriot will recognize a gain or loss as a
 result of the spin-off.

 If the distribution were not to qualify as a tax-free spin-off,
 each Peabody stockholder receiving shares of our common stock in
 the spin-off would be treated as if such stockholder had
 received a taxable distribution in an amount equal to the fair
 market value of our common stock received, which would result in
 (1) a dividend to the extent of such stockholder&#146;s pro
 rata share of Peabody&#146;s current and accumulated earnings
 and profits, (2) a reduction in such stockholder&#146;s
 basis in Peabody common stock to the extent the amount received
 exceeds such stockholder&#146;s share of earnings and profits
 and (3) a gain to the extent the amount received exceeds
 the sum of the amount treated as a dividend and the
 stockholder&#146;s basis in the Peabody common stock. Any such
 gain will generally be a capital gain if the Peabody common
 stock is held as a capital asset on the distribution date. In
 addition, Peabody would recognize a taxable gain to the extent
 the fair market value of the common stock of Patriot exceeded
 its tax basis in such common stock.

 Even if the spin-off otherwise qualifies for tax-free treatment
 under Section 355 of the Code, Peabody could recognize
 taxable gain if the spin-off is determined to be part of a plan
 or series of related transactions pursuant to which one or more
 persons acquire, directly or indirectly, stock representing a
 50% or greater interest in either Peabody or Patriot. Under the
 Code, any acquisitions of Peabody or Patriot within the
 four-year period beginning two years before the date of the
 spin-off are presumed to be part of such a plan. Regulations
 issued by the IRS, however, provide mitigating rules in many
 circumstances. Nonetheless, a merger, recapitalization or
 acquisition, or issuance or redemption of Patriot common stock
 after the spin-off could, in some circumstances, be counted
 toward the 50% change of ownership threshold. The tax separation
 agreement precludes Patriot from engaging in some of these
 transactions unless Patriot first obtains a tax opinion
 acceptable to Peabody or an IRS ruling to the effect that such
 transactions will not result in additional taxes. The tax
 separation agreement further requires Patriot to indemnify
 Peabody for any resulting taxes regardless of whether Patriot
 first obtains such opinion or ruling. As a result, Patriot may
 be unable to engage in strategic or capital raising transactions
 that stockholders might consider favorable, or to structure
 potential transactions in the manner most favorable to Patriot.
 See &#147;Our Relationship with Peabody After the
 Spin-Off &#151; Tax Separation Agreement&#148; beginning on
 page 106.

 Current temporary Treasury regulations require certain
 &#147;significant&#148; holders of Peabody common stock who
 receive our common stock pursuant to the spin-off to attach to
 their federal income tax returns for the year in which the
 distribution occurs a detailed statement setting forth such data
 as may be appropriate in order to show the applicability of
 Section 355 of the Code to the spin-off. Peabody will
 provide the appropriate information to each stockholder of
 record as of the close of business on the record date. We

 29

 Table of Contents 

 recommend that you consult your own tax advisor concerning the
 application of the reporting requirements in light of your
 particular circumstances.

 Listing
 and Trading of Our Common Stock 

 There is currently no public market for our common stock. We
 intend to apply to have our common stock authorized for listing
 on the NYSE under the symbol &#147;PCX&#148;. We anticipate that
 trading of our common stock will commence on a when-issued basis
 on or shortly before the record date. When-issued trading refers
 to a sale or purchase made conditionally because the security
 has been authorized but not yet issued. On the first trading day
 following the distribution date, when-issued trading with
 respect to our common stock will end and regular way trading
 will begin. Regular way trading refers to trading after a
 security has been issued and typically involves a transaction
 that settles on the third full business day following the date
 of the transaction.

 We cannot predict what the trading prices for our common stock
 will be before or after the distribution date. We also cannot
 predict any change that may occur in the trading price of
 Peabody common stock as a result of the spin-off. Until our
 common stock is fully distributed and an orderly market develops
 in our common stock, the price at which it trades may fluctuate
 significantly and may be lower or higher than the price that
 would be expected for a fully distributed issue. See &#147;Risk
 Factors &#151; Risks Relating to Our Common Stock.&#148;

 The shares of our common stock distributed to Peabody
 stockholders will be freely transferable except for shares
 received by persons who may be deemed to be
 &#147;affiliates&#148; of Patriot under the Securities Act of
 1933, as amended. Persons that may be considered affiliates of
 Patriot after the spin-off generally include individuals or
 entities that control, are controlled by or are under common
 control with Patriot. This may include some or all of our
 officers and directors as well as principal stockholders of
 Patriot. Persons that are affiliates of Patriot will be
 permitted to sell their shares only pursuant to an effective
 registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as
 amended, or an exemption from the registration requirements of
 the Securities Act, such as the exemptions afforded by
 Section 4(1) of the Securities Act or Rule 144
 thereunder.

 Spin-off
 Conditions and Termination 

 We expect that the spin-off will be effective on the
 distribution
 date, ,
 2007, provided that, among other things:

 &#149; 

 the SEC has declared effective our registration statement on
 Form 10, of which this information statement is a part,
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and no
 stop order relating to the registration statement is in effect;

 &#149; 

 we and Peabody have received all material licenses, permits,
 estoppels, consents, approvals, authorizations, qualifications
 and orders of governmental authorities and third parties as are
 necessary for consummation of the spin-off;

 &#149; 

 we have entered into the new credit facility described under
 &#147;Description of Indebtedness&#148;;

 &#149; 

 the letter ruling has been received from the IRS substantially
 to the effect that no income, gain or loss will be recognized by
 Peabody or its stockholders as a result of the spin-off; and

 &#149; 

 no action, proceeding or investigation shall have been
 instituted or threatened before any court or administrative body
 to restrain, enjoin or otherwise prevent the consummation of the
 spin-off, and no restraining order or injunction issued by any
 court of competent jurisdiction shall be in effect restraining
 the consummation of the spin-off.

 The fulfillment of the foregoing conditions will not create any
 obligation on Peabody&#146;s part to effect the spin-off, and
 the Board of Directors of Peabody has reserved the right to
 amend, modify or abandon the spin-off and the related
 transactions at any time prior to the distribution date. The
 Board of Directors of Peabody may also waive any or all of these
 conditions.

 30

 Table of Contents 

 In addition, Peabody has the right not to complete the spin-off
 and related transactions if, at any time, Peabody&#146;s Board
 of Directors determines, in its sole discretion, that the
 distribution is not in the best interests of Peabody and its
 stockholders or that business conditions are such that it is not
 advisable to spin-off the Patriot business.

 Reason
 for Furnishing this Information Statement 

 This information statement is being furnished solely to provide
 information to Peabody stockholders who will receive shares of
 our common stock in the spin-off. It is not and is not to be
 construed as an inducement or encouragement to buy or sell any
 securities. We believe that the information contained in this
 information statement is accurate as of the date set forth on
 the cover. Changes may occur after that date and neither Peabody
 nor Patriot undertakes any obligation to update the information
 except in the normal course of our respective public disclosure
 obligations.

 DIVIDEND
 POLICY 

 We do not anticipate that we will pay cash dividends on our
 common stock in the near term following the spin-off. The
 declaration and amount of future dividends, if any, will be
 determined by our Board of Directors and will depend on our
 financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, financial
 covenants, regulatory constraints, industry practice and other
 factors our Board deems relevant.

 31

 Table of Contents 

 CAPITALIZATION 

 The following table sets forth the combined capitalization of
 Patriot on an actual basis and a pro forma basis as of
 June 30, 2007 as adjusted to give effect to the
 distribution of our common stock to the stockholders of Peabody.

 You should read this table in conjunction with &#147;Selected
 Combined Financial Information,&#148; &#147;Unaudited Pro Forma
 Combined Financial Data&#148; and &#147;Management&#146;s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations&#148; and the combined financial statements and
 related notes that are included elsewhere in this information
 statement.

 As of June 30, 2007 

 Actual 

 Adjustments 

 Pro Forma 

 (Unaudited) 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Cash (1) 

 $

 9,902

 $

 49,047

 $

 58,949

 Debt Outstanding (including
 current portion) 

 $

 82,722

 $

 (62,000

 )

 $

 20,722

 Invested
 Capital/Stockholders&#146; Equity (Deficit) 

 Invested
 capital/stockholders&#146; equity
 (deficit) (1)(2)(3)(4) 

 $

 (385,471

 )

 $

 635,579

 $

 250,108

 Accumulated other comprehensive
 loss (2) 

 (303,087

 )

 119,836

 (183,251

 )

 Total invested
 capital/stockholders&#146; equity (deficit)

 $

 (688,558

 )

 $

 755,415

 $

 66,857

 Total Capitalization (debt plus
 invested capital/stockholders&#146; equity (deficit)) 

 $

 (605,836

 )

 $

 693,415

 $

 87,579

 Note: 
 
 Peabody stockholders will receive one share of Patriot common
 stock for every ten shares of Peabody common stock they own as
 of the spin-off record date. The number of initial Patriot
 shares will not be known until the record date.

 (1) 

 Pro forma reflects adjustment to give effect to the contribution
 of approximately $49 million in cash from Peabody to
 Patriot for working capital purposes, including monetization of
 a $19.0 million long-term receivable. 

 (2) 

 Pro forma reflects adjustment to give effect to Peabody&#146;s
 agreement to pay certain retiree healthcare liabilities related
 to Patriot&#146;s business, estimated to have a present value of
 $614.5 million as of June 30, 2007. 

 (3) 

 Pro forma reflects adjustment to give effect to a requirement
 for Peabody to fund $13.6 million related to a future
 capital obligation. 

 (4) 

 Pro forma reflects adjustment to give effect to the contribution
 by Peabody to Patriot&#146;s capital of the net intercompany
 debt owed by Patriot to Peabody of $93.9 million. 

 32

 Table of Contents 

 UNAUDITED
 PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA 

 The unaudited pro forma combined financial information presented
 below has been derived from our audited historical combined
 financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2006
 and the unaudited historical combined financial statements as of
 and for the six months ended June 30, 2007. This unaudited
 pro forma combined financial information should be read in
 conjunction with &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; and our
 audited combined financial statements and notes related to those
 combined financial statements included elsewhere in this
 information statement.

 The pro forma adjustments are based on assumptions that
 management believes are reasonable. The unaudited pro forma
 combined financial information is for illustrative and
 informational purposes only and is not intended to represent or
 be indicative of what our results of operations or financial
 position would have been had the transactions contemplated by
 the separation and distribution and related transactions
 occurred on the dates indicated. The unaudited pro forma
 combined financial information also should not be considered
 representative of our future results of operations or financial
 position.

 Our unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet as of
 June 30, 2007 has been prepared to reflect adjustments to
 our historical financial information to give effect to the
 following transactions, as if those transactions had been
 completed at June 30, 2007, respectively:

 &#149; 

 the distribution of our common stock to the stockholders of
 Peabody;

 &#149; 

 the transfer of certain assets related to our business from
 Peabody to us;

 &#149; 

 the capital contribution by Peabody related to settlement of the
 intercompany debt owed by us to Peabody of $93.9 million;

 &#149; 

 the agreement by Peabody to pay certain retiree healthcare
 liabilities related to our business, which we estimate had a
 present value of $614.5 million as of June 30, 2007;

 &#149; 

 the contribution of approximately $49 million in cash from
 Peabody to us for working capital purposes, including
 monetization of a $19.0 million long-term receivable;

 &#149; 

 the required contribution from Peabody to fund
 $13.6 million related to a future capital obligation.

 The unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations for the
 year ended December 31, 2006 and the six months ended
 June 30, 2007 reflect adjustments to our historical
 financial statements to present our results as if the spin-off
 occurred on January 1, 2006. These adjustments include, among
 other things, an increase to revenue (and related royalties and
 taxes) from repricing of a coal supply agreement to reflect
 anticipated long-term market pricing for similar quality coal
 and a reduction to our costs associated with the assumption by
 Peabody of certain of our retiree healthcare liabilities.

 The unaudited pro forma combined financial information has been
 prepared on a combined basis from Peabody&#146;s combined
 financial statements using the historical results of operations
 and bases of the assets and liabilities of Peabody&#146;s
 businesses and gives effect to allocations of expenses from
 Peabody. The unaudited pro forma combined financial information
 is not indicative of our future performance or what our results
 of operations and financial position would have been if we had
 operated as a separate company during the period presented or if
 the transactions reflected therein had actually occurred as of
 January 1, 2006. Peabody allocated to us, among other
 things, $58.5 million in 2004, $57.1 million in 2005,
 $47.9 million in 2006 and $21.8 million in the first
 six months of 2007 of expenses incurred by it for providing us
 with the following services: legal, insurance, tax, general
 accounting, corporate development, benefits and human resources,
 environmental engineering, information systems, payroll services
 and web hosting services. By no later than 12 months
 following the spin-off, we expect to have assumed responsibility
 for these services and their related expenses. We currently
 believe the estimate for the costs of these services could be
 approximately $30 million to $35 million in 2008, our
 first full year as a separate publicly-traded company. However,
 the actual total costs of these services associated with our
 transition to, and operating as, a separate publicly-traded
 company could be significantly greater than our estimates.

 See the Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial
 Statements.

 33

 Table of Contents 

 Unaudited
 Pro Forma Combined Statement of Operations 

 Year Ended December 31, 2006 

 Historical 

 Adjustments 

 Pro Forma 

 (Dollars in thousands, 

 except share and per share data) 

 Sales

 $

 1,142,521

 $

 31,331

 (a) 

 $

 1,173,852

 Other revenue

 5,398

 &#151;

 5,398

 Total revenues

 1,147,919

 31,331

 1,179,250

 Operating costs and expenses

 1,051,932

 (46,100

 ) (b) 

 1,005,268

 (3,697

 ) (c) 

 3,133

 (a) 

 Depreciation, depletion and
 amortization

 86,458

 &#151;

 86,458

 Asset retirement obligation expense

 24,282

 &#151;

 24,282

 Selling and administrative expenses

 47,909

 (17,909

 ) (d) 

 30,000

 Net gain on disposal of assets

 (78,631

 )

 &#151;

 (78,631

 )

 Income from equity affiliates

 (60

 )

 &#151;

 (60

 )

 Operating profit

 16,029

 95,904

 111,933

 Interest expense

 5,641

 5,916

 (e) 

 11,557

 Interest expense related to Peabody

 5,778

 (5,778

 ) (f) 

 &#151;

 Interest income

 (1,417

 )

 &#151;

 (1,417

 )

 Income before income taxes and
 minority interest

 6,027

 95,766

 101,793

 Income tax provision

 8,350

 7,301

 (g) 

 15,651

 Minority interest

 11,169

 &#151;

 11,169

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (13,492

 )

 $

 88,465

 $

 74,973

 Earnings (loss) per
 share (h) 

 Basic

 $

 (0.51

 )

 $

 2.83

 Diluted

 $

 (0.51

 )

 $

 2.82

 Weighted average shares outstanding

 Basic

 26,500,000

 26,500,000

 Effect of dilutive securities

 &#151;

 49,714

 Diluted

 26,500,000

 26,549,714

 See the Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial
 Statements.

 34

 Table of Contents 

 Unaudited
 Pro Form Combined Statement of Operations 

 Six Months Ended June 30, 2007 

 Historical 

 Adjustments 

 Pro forma 

 (Dollars in thousands, except 

 share and per share data) 

 Sales

 $

 524,507

 $

 13,592

 (a) 

 $

 538,099

 Other revenue

 1,377

 &#151;

 1,377

 Total revenues

 525,884

 13,592

 539,476

 Operating costs and expenses

 550,004

 (31,125

 ) (b) 

 519,563

 (675

 ) (c) 

 1,359

 (a) 

 Depreciation, depletion and
 amortization

 40,918

 &#151;

 40,918

 Asset retirement obligation expense

 9,295

 &#151;

 9,295

 Selling and administrative expenses

 21,798

 (6,348

 ) (d) 

 15,450

 Income from equity affiliates

 (15

 )

 &#151;

 (15

 )

 Net gain on disposal of assets

 (81,026

 )

 &#151;

 (81,026

 )

 Operating profit (loss)

 (15,090

 )

 50,381

 35,291

 Interest expense

 1,743

 3,612

 (e) 

 5,355

 Interest expense related to Peabody

 3,045

 (3,045

 ) (f) 

 &#151;

 Interest income

 (4,766

 )

 &#151;

 (4,766

 )

 Income (loss) before income taxes
 and minority interest

 (15,112

 )

 49,814

 34,702

 Income tax provision

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Minority interest

 2,653

 &#151;

 2,653

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (17,765

 )

 $

 49,814

 $

 32,049

 Earnings (loss) per
 share (h) 

 Basic

 $

 (0.67

 )

 $

 1.21

 Diluted

 $

 (0.67

 )

 $

 1.20

 Weighted average shares outstanding

 Basic

 26,500,000

 26,548,236

 Effect of dilutive securities

 &#151;

 76,125

 Diluted

 26,500,000

 26,624,361

 See the Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial
 Statements.

 35

 Table of Contents 

 Unaudited
 Pro Forma Combined Balance Sheet 

 As of June 30, 2007 

 Historical 

 Adjustments 

 Pro Forma 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 ASSETS 

 Current assets

 Cash and cash equivalents

 $

 9,902

 $

 19,047

 (i) 

 $

 58,949

 30,000

 (j) 

 Accounts receivable

 24,919

 61,537

 (k) 

 86,456

 Net receivables from affiliates

 29,613

 (61,537

 ) (k) 

 &#151;

 31,924

 (f) 

 Inventories

 50,781

 &#151;

 50,781

 Other current assets

 10,488

 &#151;

 10,488

 Total current assets

 125,703

 80,971

 206,674

 Property, plant, equipment and
 mine development, net

 856,702

 (1,196

 ) (l) 

 855,506

 Notes receivable

 119,876

 &#151;

 119,876

 Investments and other assets

 65,638

 (19,047

 ) (i) 

 60,238

 13,647

 (m) 

 Total assets

 $

 1,167,919

 $

 74,375

 $

 1,242,294

 LIABILITIES AND INVESTED
 CAPITAL (DEFICIT) 

 Current liabilities

 Trade accounts payable

 $

 50,587

 $

 &#151;

 $

 50,587

 Accrued liabilities

 158,490

 (55,303

 ) (b) 

 103,187

 Total current liabilities

 209,077

 (55,303

 )

 153,774

 Long-term debt

 19,796

 &#151;

 19,796

 Notes payable to affiliates

 62,000

 (62,000

 ) (f) 

 &#151;

 Asset retirement obligations

 134,273

 (4,564

 ) (l) 

 129,709

 Workers&#146; compensation
 obligations

 211,465

 &#151;

 211,465

 Accumulated postretirement benefit
 obligations

 1,133,834

 (559,173

 ) (b) 

 574,661

 Obligation to industry fund

 33,602

 &#151;

 33,602

 Other noncurrent liabilities

 34,255

 &#151;

 34,255

 Total liabilities

 1,838,302

 (681,040

 )

 1,157,262

 Minority interests

 18,175

 &#151;

 18,175

 Invested capital (deficit)

 Invested interest (deficit)

 (385,471

 )

 30,000

 (j) 

 250,108

 3,368

 (l) 

 13,647

 (m) 

 494,640

 (b) 

 93,924

 (f) 

 Accumulated other comprehensive
 loss

 (303,087

 )

 119,836

 (b) 

 (183,251

 )

 Total invested capital (deficit)

 (688,558

 )

 755,415

 66,857

 Total liabilities and invested
 capital (deficit)

 $

 1,167,919

 $

 74,375

 $

 1,242,294

 See the Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial
 Statements.

 36

 Table of Contents 

 Notes to
 Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements 

 (a) 

 Reflects an increase to revenues (and related royalties and
 taxes) related to the repricing of a coal supply agreement to
 increase the price paid to Patriot thereunder to reflect
 anticipated long-term market pricing for similar quality coal. 

 (b) 

 Reflects an increase in Invested Capital for the impact of
 Peabody&#146;s agreement to assume primary responsibility for
 certain of Patriot&#146;s retiree healthcare liabilities in the
 aggregate amount of $614.5 million as of June 30,
 2007. These liabilities include certain obligations under the
 Coal Act for which Peabody and Patriot are jointly and severally
 liable, obligations under the 2007 NBCWA for which Patriot is
 secondarily liable, and obligations for certain active, vested
 Patriot employees. If Peabody had agreed to pay these
 obligations as of January 1, 2006, Patriot&#146;s operating
 costs and expenses would have been $46.1 million lower for
 the year ended December 31, 2006 and $31.1 million
 lower for the six months ended June 30, 2007. 

 (c) 

 Reflects reversal of historical expense related to pension
 benefit obligations that will not be assumed by Patriot. 

 (d) 

 Reflects adjustment for estimated general and administrative
 costs for Patriot&#146;s stand-alone management and
 administrative structure and functions. Prior to the spin-off,
 these services were provided by Peabody under various agreements
 between Peabody and its subsidiaries, and the historical amount
 was the result of an allocation of Peabody&#146;s overall
 general and administrative costs. 

 (e) 

 Reflects higher costs for surety bonds and letters of credit
 based on anticipated rates for these instruments and on
 Patriot&#146;s requirements to secure financial obligations for
 reclamation, workers&#146; compensation and postretirement
 benefits. The historical financial statements reflect an
 allocation of Peabody&#146;s fees related to these guarantees. 

 (f) 

 Reflects net distribution of intercompany balances between
 Peabody and Patriot and the reversal of the interest expense
 related to the intercompany note payable to Peabody. 

 (g) 

 Reflects tax impact of pro forma adjustments based on the
 statutory rate as adjusted for tax accounting as follows: 

 Year Ended 

 Six Months Ended 

 December 31, 2006 

 June 30, 2007 

 Expected tax-statutory

 $

 33,518

 $

 17,435

 State income tax

 5,126

 2,130

 Percentage depletion

 (6,152

 )

 (2,522

 )

 Valuation allowance

 (25,191

 )

 (17,043

 )

 Pro forma tax impact

 $

 7,301

 $

 &#151;

 (h) 

 The pro forma basic earnings per share are based on
 26,500,000 shares of common stock outstanding, the
 anticipated number of shares of common stock outstanding at the
 spin-off. The pro forma diluted earnings per share include the
 dilutive impact of restricted stock units expected to be issued
 on the spin-off date and anticipated employee participation in
 an employee stock ownership plan. Stock options were assumed to
 have been issued with a strike price equivalent to the estimated
 closing stock price on the spin-off date with a constant stock
 price throughout the duration of the reporting period and
 therefore, assumed to have no impact on diluted earnings per
 share. If Patriot had issued stock options on January 1,
 2006 and January 1, 2007 according to the plan of grant for
 the spin-off date, an estimated 545,709 options and 546,388
 options for the year ended December 31, 2006 and six months
 ended June 30, 2007, respectively, would have been granted. 

 (i) 

 Reflects monetization by Peabody of a $19.0 million
 long-term receivable to Patriot for an excise tax refund that is
 recorded in &#147;Investments and other assets&#148; in the
 historical financial statements. Peabody will assume the
 receivable. 

 (j) 

 Reflects the required cash contribution from Peabody of
 $30 million for working capital purposes. 

 37

 Table of Contents 

 (k) 

 Reflects reclassification of trade accounts receivables that
 will be retained by Patriot but were reflected in
 &#147;Receivables from affiliates&#148; in the historical
 financial statements based on the intercompany nature of the
 sales transactions. 

 (l) 

 Reflects the required retention of certain equipment related to
 reclamation activity and assumption of certain asset retirement
 obligations by Peabody. 

 (m) 

 Reflects the required contribution due from Peabody for a future
 capital obligation. 

 38

 Table of Contents 

 SELECTED
 COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA 

 The historical financial and other data have been prepared on a
 combined basis derived from Peabody&#146;s combined financial
 statements using the historical results of operations and bases
 of the assets and liabilities of Peabody&#146;s businesses and
 give effect to allocations of expenses from Peabody. The
 historical combined statement of income data set forth below do
 not reflect changes that will occur in the operations and
 funding of our company as a result of our spin-off from Peabody.
 The historical combined balance sheet data set forth below
 reflect the assets and liabilities that existed as of the dates
 and the periods presented.

 The selected combined financial data should be read in
 conjunction with, and are qualified by reference to,
 &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations&#148; and the historical
 financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto of us
 and our combined subsidiaries included elsewhere in this
 information statement. The combined statements of operations and
 cash flow data for each of the three years in the period ended
 December 31, 2006 and the combined balance sheet data as of
 December 31, 2005 and 2006 are derived from the audited
 combined financial statements included elsewhere in this
 information statement, and should be read in conjunction with
 those combined financial statements and the accompanying notes.
 The combined statements of operations set forth below for the
 years ended December 31, 2002 and December 31, 2003
 and the combined balance sheet data as of December 31,
 2002, December 31, 2003 and December 31, 2004 are
 derived from our unaudited financial statements. The combined
 statements of operations and statements of cash flow data for
 the six-month periods ended June 30, 2006 and 2007 and the
 combined balance sheet data as of June 30, 2007 are derived
 from our unaudited condensed combined financial statements. In
 management&#146;s opinion, these unaudited condensed combined
 financial statements have been prepared on substantially the
 same basis as the audited financial statements and include all
 adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments,
 necessary for a fair presentation of the financial data for the
 periods presented.

 39

 Table of Contents 

 The financial information presented below may not reflect what
 our results of operations, cash flows and financial position
 would have been had we operated as a separate, stand-alone
 entity during the periods presented or what our results of
 operations, financial position and cash flows will be in the
 future.

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Six Months Ended June 30, 

 2002 

 2003 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 2006 

 2007 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Results of Operations
 Data: 

 (Unaudited 

 ) 

 (Unaudited 

 ) 

 (Unaudited 

 ) 

 (Unaudited 

 ) 

 Revenues

 Sales

 $

 680,956

 $

 586,556

 $

 812,055

 $

 960,901

 $

 1,142,521

 $

 598,764

 $

 524,507

 Other revenues

 4,036

 3,190

 4,369

 17,376

 5,398

 2,838

 1,377

 Total revenues

 684,992

 589,746

 816,424

 978,277

 1,147,919

 601,602

 525,884

 Costs and expenses

 Operating costs and expenses

 697,178

 640,713

 740,816

 869,163

 1,051,932

 520,815

 550,004

 Depreciation, depletion and
 amortization

 58,041

 57,720

 62,580

 65,972

 86,458

 40,707

 40,918

 Asset retirement obligation expense

 &#151;

 17,930

 27,262

 15,572

 24,282

 11,622

 9,295

 Selling and administrative expenses

 41,056

 41,118

 58,491

 57,123

 47,909

 18,628

 21,798

 Other operating income:

 Net gain on disposal or exchange of
 assets

 (3,803

 )

 (23,390

 )

 (5,764

 )

 (57,042

 ) (1) 

 (78,631

 ) (1) 

 (14,335

 )

 (81,026

 ) (1) 

 (Income) loss from equity
 affiliates (2) 

 2,174

 (3,410

 )

 (12,335

 )

 (15,578

 )

 (60

 )

 (13

 )

 (15

 )

 Operating profit (loss)

 (109,654

 )

 (140,935

 )

 (54,626

 )

 43,067

 16,029

 24,178

 (15,090

 )

 Interest expense

 7,414

 12,746

 12,701

 9,833

 11,419

 6,213

 4,788

 Interest income

 (5,727

 )

 (1,960

 )

 (918

 )

 (1,553

 )

 (1,417

 )

 (248

 )

 (4,766

 )

 Income (loss) before income taxes
 and minority interests

 (111,341

 )

 (151,721

 )

 (66,409

 )

 34,787

 6,027

 18,213

 (15,112

 )

 Income tax provision (benefit)

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 8,350

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Minority interests

 &#151;

 &#151;

 275

 &#151;

 11,169

 6,066

 2,653

 Income (loss) before accounting
 changes

 (111,341

 )

 (151,721

 )

 (66,684

 )

 34,787

 (13,492

 )

 12,147

 (17,765

 )

 Cumulative effect of accounting
 changes

 &#151;

 (4,833

 ) (3) 

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (111,341

 )

 $

 (156,554

 )

 $

 (66,684

 )

 $

 34,787

 $

 (13,492

 )

 $

 12,147

 $

 (17,765

 )

 Balance Sheet Data (at period
 end) (2002-2004 unaudited): 

 Total assets

 $

 821,041

 $

 848,640

 $

 836,608

 $

 1,113,058

 $

 1,178,181

 $

 1,207,216

 $

 1,167,919

 Total liabilities

 1,865,072

 1,989,225

 2,036,892

 1,511,810

 1,851,855

 (4) 

 1,536,594

 1,838,302

 Minority interests

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 16,153

 12,689

 18,175

 Total invested capital (deficit)

 (1,044,031

 )

 (1,140,585

 )

 (1,200,284

 )

 (398,752

 )

 (689,827

 ) (4) 

 (342,067

 )

 (688,558

 )

 Other Data: 

 Tons sold (in millions and
 unaudited)

 24.0

 21.0

 24.6

 23.8

 24.3

 12.8

 11.1

 Net cash provided by (used in):

 Operating activities

 $

 (52,412

 )

 $

 (176,544

 )

 $

 (62,205

 )

 $

 17,823

 $

 (20,741

 )

 $

 10,024

 $

 (61,465

 )

 Investing activities

 33,997

 116,512

 55,850

 (29,529

 )

 1,993

 (34,721

 )

 71,600

 Financing activities

 18,420

 60,000

 6,985

 11,459

 18,627

 24,856

 (631

 )

 Adjusted
 EBITDA (5) 
 (unaudited) 

 (51,613

 )

 (65,285

 )

 35,216

 124,611

 126,769

 76,507

 35,123

 Past mining obligation payments
 (unaudited)

 147,927

 175,597

 179,299

 154,479

 150,672

 71,725

 59,319

 Additions to property, plant,
 equipment and mine development

 72,245

 74,550

 36,780

 75,151

 80,224

 42,440

 26,486

 Acquisitions, net

 17,712

 &#151;

 2,490

 &#151;

 44,538

 44,538

 &#151;

 40

 Table of Contents 

 (1) 

 Net gain on disposal or exchange of assets included a
 $37.4 million gain from an exchange of coal reserves as
 part of a dispute settlement with a third-party supplier in
 2005, gains of $66.6 million from sales of coal reserves
 and surface lands in 2006 and gains of $78.5 million from
 the sales of coal reserves and surface land in the six months
 ended June 30, 2007. 

 (2) 

 In March 2006, we increased our 49% interest in KE Ventures, LLC
 to an effective 73.9% interest and began combining KE Ventures,
 LLC&#146;s results with ours effective January 1, 2006. 

 (3) 

 The charge to cumulative effect of accounting changes related to
 the January 1, 2003 adoption of Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standard (SFAS) No. 143, &#147;Accounting for
 Asset Retirement Obligations&#148; and the change in method of
 amortizing actuarial gain and losses related to net periodic
 postretirement benefit costs. 

 (4) 

 We adopted SFAS No. 158, &#147;Employers&#146;
 Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement
 Plans&#148; on December 31, 2006, and as a result,
 increased noncurrent liabilities and decreased total invested
 capital (accumulated other comprehensive loss) by
 $322.1 million. 

 (5) 

 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) before deducting
 net interest expense, income taxes, minority interests, asset
 retirement obligation expense, depreciation, depletion and
 amortization and cumulative effect of accounting changes.
 Adjusted EBITDA is used by management to measure operating
 performance, and management also believes it is a useful
 indicator of our ability to meet debt service and capital
 expenditure requirements. We believe that the amounts shown for
 Adjusted EBITDA as presented in this Information Statement are
 not materially different from the amounts in calculating
 Consolidated EBITDA under our anticipated revolving credit
 facility, which we expect to be necessary to calculate our Fixed
 Charge Coverage Ratio and Consolidated Leverage Ratio. The term
 Adjusted EBITDA does not purport to be an alternative to
 operating income, net income or cash flows from operating
 activities as determined in accordance with GAAP as a measure of
 profitability or liquidity. Because Adjusted EBITDA is not
 calculated identically by all companies, our calculation may not
 be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 

 Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as follows (unaudited): 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Six Months Ended June 30, 

 2002 

 2003 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 2006 

 2007 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (111,341

 )

 $

 (156,554

 )

 $

 (66,684

 )

 $

 34,787

 $

 (13,492

 )

 $

 12,147

 $

 (17,765

 )

 Cumulative effect of accounting
 changes

 &#151;

 4,833

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Income tax provision

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 8,350

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Depreciation, depletion and
 amortization

 58,041

 57,720

 62,580

 65,972

 86,458

 40,707

 40,918

 Asset retirement obligation expense

 &#151;

 17,930

 27,262

 15,572

 24,282

 11,622

 9,295

 Interest expense

 7,414

 12,746

 12,701

 9,833

 11,419

 6,213

 4,788

 Interest income

 (5,727

 )

 (1,960

 )

 (918

 )

 (1,553

 )

 (1,417

 )

 (248

 )

 (4,766

 )

 Minority interests

 &#151;

 &#151;

 275

 &#151;

 11,169

 6,066

 2,653

 Adjusted EBITDA

 $

 (51,613

 )

 $

 (65,285

 )

 $

 35,216

 $

 124,611

 $

 126,769

 $

 76,507

 $

 35,123

 41

 Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT&#146;S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

 OF
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 We are currently a subsidiary of Peabody, and Peabody has
 determined to spin-off our group by distributing all of our
 common stock to the stockholders of Peabody as a dividend. We
 will enter into a Separation Agreement with Peabody containing
 the key provisions relating to the separation of our business
 from Peabody. The Separation Agreement identifies the assets
 transferred, liabilities assumed and contracts to be assigned to
 us. Our assets and operations consist of a portion of those that
 Peabody attributes to its eastern U.S. mining operations
 and that are reported as its Eastern U.S. Mining Operations
 business segment in its financial statements and SEC reports.

 We are a leading producer of coal in the eastern United States,
 with operations and coal reserves in Appalachia and the Illinois
 Basin. We are also a leading U.S. producer of metallurgical
 quality coal. Our principal business is the mining, preparation
 and sale of steam coal, sold primarily to electric utilities, as
 well as the mining of metallurgical coal, sold to coke producers
 for use in the steelmaking process. Our operations consist of
 eight company-operated mines, two joint venture mines and
 numerous contractor-operated mines, serviced by eight coal
 preparation facilities, with one in northern West Virginia, four
 in southern West Virginia and three in western Kentucky. We ship
 coal to electric utilities, industrial users and metallurgical
 coal customers via Patriot-controlled loading facilities and
 multiple rail and river transportation routes. We utilize
 contract miners, third-party companies engaged to mine our coal
 reserves, to supplement our production. We indirectly own an
 effective 73.9% interest in KE Ventures, LLC, a joint venture
 with coal mining operations in southern West Virginia. In March
 2006, we increased our then 49% interest in KE Ventures, LLC and
 began consolidating KE Ventures, LLC results with ours effective
 January 1, 2006.

 In 2006, we sold 24.3 million tons of coal, of which 77%
 was sold to domestic electric utilities and 23% was sold to
 domestic and global steel producers. In the first six months of
 2007, we sold 11.1 million tons of coal, of which 79% was sold
 to domestic electric utilities and 21% was sold to domestic and
 global steel producers. We typically sell coal to utility and
 steel-making customers under contracts with terms of one year or
 more. Approximately 85% of our sales were under such contracts
 during 2006 and approximately 87% of our sales were under such
 contracts during the first six months of 2007.

 Basis of
 Preparation 

 The information discussed below primarily relates to our
 historical results and may not necessarily reflect what our
 financial position, results of operations and cash flows will be
 in the future or would have been as a stand-alone company during
 the periods presented. Our capital structure will be changed
 significantly at the date of our spin-off from Peabody and we
 will enter into certain on-going operational agreements with
 Peabody, including the agreement by Peabody to pay certain
 retiree healthcare liabilities, which we estimate had a present
 value of $636.0 million as of December 31, 2006 and
 $614.5 million as of June 30, 2007. Additionally, we will
 enter an agreement with Peabody to increase the price paid to us
 under a major existing coal sales agreement to be more
 reflective of anticipated long-term market pricing for similar
 quality coal. We encourage you to read our &#147;Unaudited Pro
 Forma Combined Financial Data&#148; provided within this
 document in addition to this &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations&#148; to better understand how our results would
 potentially be impacted by the separation from Peabody and the
 various Separation Agreements that accompany this spin-off
 transaction. The combined financial statements presented below
 include allocations of Peabody expenses, assets and liabilities
 including the following items:

 Selling
 and Administrative Expenses 

 Our historical selling and administrative expenses are based on
 an allocation of Peabody general corporate expenses to all of
 its mining operations, both foreign and domestic, based on
 activity-based analysis, headcount, tons sold or revenues as
 appropriate. The allocated expenses generally reflect service
 costs for: marketing and sales, general accounting, legal,
 finance and treasury, public relations, human resources,
 environmental engineering and internal audit. The variance in
 our historical selling and administrative expenses relate to
 fluctuations in Peabody&#146;s overall selling and
 administrative expenses. These allocated expenses are not

 42

 Table of Contents 

 necessarily indicative of the costs we would incur as a
 stand-alone company. To better understand the expected impact of
 selling and administrative expenses on our future results, see
 the unaudited pro forma disclosures included in &#147;Unaudited
 Pro Forma Combined Financial Data,&#148; which include estimates
 and assumptions based upon our anticipated cost structure.

 Interest
 Expense 

 Our historical interest expense primarily relates to fees for
 letters of credits and surety bonds used to guarantee our
 reclamation, workers&#146; compensation, retiree healthcare, and
 lease obligations. Our capital structure will change following
 our spin-off from Peabody. To better understand the impact of
 the anticipated changes to our capital structure, see the
 unaudited pro forma disclosures included in &#147;Unaudited Pro
 Forma Combined Financial Data,&#148; and the anticipated debt
 structure disclosed in &#147;Liquidity and Capital
 Resources.&#148;

 Income
 Tax Provision 

 Income taxes are accounted for using a balance sheet approach in
 accordance with SFAS No. 109, &#147;Accounting for
 Income Taxes&#148; (SFAS No. 109). We account for
 deferred income taxes by applying statutory tax rates in effect
 at the date of the balance sheet to differences between the book
 and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance
 is established if it is &#147;more likely than not&#148; that
 the related tax benefits will not be realized. In determining
 the appropriate valuation allowance, we consider projected
 realization of tax benefits based on expected levels of future
 taxable income, available tax planning strategies and the
 overall deferred tax position.

 SFAS No. 109 specifies that the amount of current and
 deferred tax expense for an income tax return group shall be
 allocated among the members of that group when those members
 issue separate financial statements. For purposes of the
 financial statements, our income tax expense has been recorded
 as if we filed a consolidated tax return separate from Peabody,
 notwithstanding that a majority of the operations were
 historically included in the U.S. consolidated income tax return
 filed by Peabody. Our valuation allowance was also determined on
 the separate tax return basis. Additionally, our tax attributes
 (i.e. net operating losses and Alternative Minimum Tax credits)
 have been determined based on U.S. consolidated tax rules
 describing the apportioning of these items upon departure (i.e.
 spin-off) from the Peabody consolidated group.

 Peabody was managing its tax position for the benefit of its
 entire portfolio of businesses. Peabody&#146;s tax strategies
 are not necessarily reflective of the tax strategies that we
 would have followed or will follow as a stand-alone company, nor
 were they necessarily strategies that optimized our stand-alone
 position. As a result, our effective tax rate as a stand-alone
 entity may differ significantly from those prevailing in
 historical periods.

 Results
 of Operations 

 Adjusted
 EBITDA 

 The discussion of our results of operations below includes
 references to and analysis of our segment&#146;s Adjusted EBITDA
 results. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) before
 deducting net interest expense, income taxes, minority
 interests, asset retirement obligation expense, depreciation,
 depletion and amortization and the cumulative effect of
 accounting changes. Adjusted EBITDA is used by Peabody
 management as its primary measure of operating performance and
 therefore is the performance measure utilized for Peabody&#146;s
 Eastern U.S. Mining Operations segment, of which we are a
 part. Because Adjusted EBITDA is not calculated identically by
 all companies, our calculation may not be comparable to
 similarly titled measures of other companies. Adjusted EBITDA is
 reconciled to its most comparable measure, under generally
 accepted accounting principles in our &#147;Selected Combined
 Financial Data.&#148; The following presentation is consistent
 with the methodology and presentation utilized by Peabody for
 reporting its segments. Segment Adjusted EBITDA is reconciled to
 its most comparable measure below under &#147;Net Income
 (Loss).&#148;

 43

 Table of Contents 

 Six
 Months Ended June 30, 2007 Compared to the Six Months Ended
 June 30, 2006 

 Summary 

 Our results for the six months ended June 30, 2007 compared to
 the prior year reflected challenges resulting from adverse
 geologic conditions and lower short-term customer demand due to
 higher customer stockpiles. An increased level of adverse
 geologic conditions, including groundwater from heavy spring
 rains, a split in a coal seam, a roof fall and roof partings,
 were experienced at our operations. Mine plan and production
 modifications were incorporated by management by the end of the
 second quarter to address these adverse geologic conditions.
 Additionally, the carryover of increased stockpiles from the
 winter months contributed to reduced customer demand through the
 first half of the year. Segment Adjusted EBITDA decreased $83.1
 million in the six months ended June 30, 2007 compared to the
 prior year, primarily driven by lower sales volumes due to
 reduced customer demand and production shortfalls. Net income
 decreased $29.9 million in 2007 compared to the prior year
 mainly driven by the lower sales volumes and higher past mining
 obligation costs, partially offset by higher gains on the sale
 of coal reserves.

 Segment
 Adjusted EBITDA 

 Decrease 

 Six Months Ended 

 to Segment Adjusted 

 June 30, 

 EBITDA 

 2006 

 2007 

 $ 

 % 

 Total revenues

 $

 601,602

 $

 525,884

 $

 (75,718

 )

 (12.6

 )%

 Operating costs and expenses

 (465,894

 )

 (473,267

 )

 (7,373

 )

 (1.6

 )%

 Segment Adjusted EBITDA

 $

 135,708

 $

 52,617

 $

 (83,091

 )

 n/a

 Tons
 Sold and Revenues 

 Six Months Ended June 30, 

 Increase (Decrease) 

 2006 

 2007 

 $ 

 % 

 Tons Sold

 12,773

 11,094

 (1,679

 )

 (13.1

 )%

 Sales

 $

 598,764

 $

 524,507

 $

 (74,257

 )

 (12.4

 )%

 Other revenues

 2,838

 1,377

 (1,461

 )

 (51.5

 )%

 Total revenues

 $

 601,602

 $

 525,884

 $

 (75,718

 )

 (12.6

 )%

 Average sales price per ton sold

 $

 46.88

 $

 47.28

 $

 0.40

 0.9

 %

 The decrease in total revenues for the six months ended June 30,
 2007 compared to prior year reflected lower sales volumes driven
 by adverse geologic conditions, planned production reductions
 due to higher customer stockpiles, loss of a coal supplier in
 late 2006, and a mine closure in Kentucky in late 2006,
 partially offset by additional volumes from the Black Stallion
 contract mine (which began production in the third quarter of
 2006). The decrease in sales also reflected lower sales prices
 at one of our operations due to coal quality issues resulting
 from higher than expected sulfur content, partially offset by
 higher average sales prices at another operation where long-term
 contract pricing was significantly increased under the market
 price adjustment provision of a long-term contract. Adverse
 geologic conditions included thick rock intrusions within the
 coal seam at two of our mines as well as additional roof support
 requirements, particularly related to mining under stream beds
 and other difficult areas. On a pro forma basis for the six
 months ended June 30, 2007, our revenues would have been
 $13.6 million higher based on certain coal supply
 agreements with Peabody that would have been in effect had the
 spin-off occurred at January 1, 2007.

 Operating costs were higher in 2007 than the prior year
 primarily due to additional materials and supplies required for
 roof control, equipment repair and maintenance, as well as
 higher labor expenses related to a labor agreement that became
 effective on January 1, 2007, partially offset by lower
 revenue-based taxes and royalties.

 44

 Table of Contents 

 Net
 Income (Loss) 

 Six Months Ended 

 Increase (Decrease) 

 June 30, 

 to Income 

 2006 

 2007 

 $ 

 % 

 Segment Adjusted EBITDA

 $

 135,708

 $

 52,617

 $

 (83,091

 )

 (61.2

 )%

 Past mining obligations

 (54,908

 )

 (76,722

 )

 (21,814

 )

 (39.7

 )%

 Net gain on disposal of assets

 14,335

 81,026

 66,691

 465.2

 %

 Selling and administrative expenses

 (18,628

 )

 (21,798

 )

 (3,170

 )

 (17.0

 )%

 Depreciation, depletion and
 amortization

 (40,707

 )

 (40,918

 )

 (211

 )

 (0.5

 )%

 Asset retirement obligation expense

 (11,622

 )

 (9,295

 )

 2,327

 20.0

 %

 Interest expense

 Intercompany

 (2,606

 )

 (3,045

 )

 (439

 )

 (16.8

 )%

 Third-Party

 (3,607

 )

 (1,743

 )

 1,864

 51.7

 %

 Interest income

 248

 4,766

 4,518

 n/a

 Income (loss) before income taxes
 and minority interest

 18,213

 (15,112

 )

 (33,325

 )

 n/a

 Income tax provision (benefit)

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Minority interests

 (6,066

 )

 (2,653

 )

 3,413

 56.3

 %

 Net income (loss)

 $

 12,147

 $

 (17,765

 )

 $

 (29,912

 )

 n/a

 Past mining obligations were higher in 2007 than the prior year
 primarily due to increased healthcare costs and increased
 multi-employer healthcare and pension plan funding in accordance
 with provisions in the 2007 National Bituminous Coal Wage
 agreement (effective January 1, 2007) and 2006 legislation.
 Our 2007 operating costs included approximately
 $31.1 million for certain retiree healthcare obligations
 that would have been assumed by Peabody had the proposed
 spin-off occurred as of January 1, 2007.

 Higher net gain on disposal of assets of $66.7 million
 resulted from sales of coal reserves and surface lands located
 in Kentucky. In 2007, we sold 88 million tons of coal reserves
 and surface lands in Kentucky for $26.5 million in cash and
 $69.4 million in notes receivable and recognized gains of
 $78.5 million on these transactions, compared to 2006 when
 a coal reserve sale resulted in a gain of $7.9 million.

 Our historical selling and administrative expenses are based on
 an allocation of Peabody general corporate expenses to all of
 its mining operations, both foreign and domestic. The increase
 of $3.2 million in 2007 compared to 2006 reflected changes in
 Peabody&#146;s allocable selling and administrative expenses as
 well as changes to the allocation base. These allocated expenses
 are not necessarily indicative of the costs we would incur as a
 stand-alone company.

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization for the six months
 ended June 30, 2007 increased slightly versus the prior year due
 to increased amortization of mine development costs from the new
 Black Stallion contract mine and the Harris mine.

 Third party interest expense decreased in 2007 as KE Ventures,
 LLC repaid $19.2 million in bank loans in the second half
 of 2006. This debt repayment was funded by Peabody and created
 an intercompany note, which resulted in additional intercompany
 interest for Patriot in 2007.

 Interest income increased in 2007 compared to the prior year due
 to additional interest income on notes receivable that resulted
 from the sale of Kentucky coal reserves in the second half of
 2006 and the first half of 2007.

 45

 Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2006 Compared to Year Ended
 December 31, 2005 and the Year Ended December 31, 2005
 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2004 

 Summary 

 Our revenues increased in both 2006 and 2005 compared to the
 respective prior year primarily driven by increases to average
 per ton sales prices. In 2005 and early 2006, strong demand for
 coal was driven by the growing economy, low customer stockpiles,
 capacity constraints of nuclear generation and high costs for
 competing fuels used for electricity generation. Additionally,
 metallurgical coal was sold at a significant premium to steam
 coal due to global steel production growth during these periods.
 Later in 2006, steam and metallurgical coal prices decreased
 from these highs but still remained above historic levels.

 While revenues grew in 2006 and 2005, our Segment Adjusted
 EBITDA was unfavorably impacted by higher costs in both years
 from adverse geologic conditions and equipment failures at our
 mines as well as higher contract miner costs.

 Segment
 Adjusted EBITDA 

 Increase (Decrease) 

 to Segment 

 Increase (Decrease) to 

 Adjusted 

 Segment Adjusted 

 EBITDA 

 EBITDA 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2005 from 2004 

 2006 from 2005 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 $ 

 % 

 $ 

 % 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Total revenues

 $

 816,424

 $

 978,277

 $

 1,147,919

 $

 161,853

 19.8

 %

 $

 169,642

 17.3

 %

 Operating costs and expenses

 (665,916

 )

 (765,110

 )

 (945,052

 )

 (99,194

 )

 (14.9

 )%

 (179,942

 )

 (23.5

 )%

 Income from equity affiliates

 12,335

 15,578

 60

 3,243

 26.3

 %

 (15,518

 )

 (99.6

 )%

 Segment Adjusted EBITDA

 $

 162,843

 $

 228,745

 $

 202,927

 $

 65,902

 40.5

 %

 $

 (25,818

 )

 (11.3

 )%

 The decrease of $25.8 million in Segment Adjusted EBITDA in
 2006 compared to 2005 was the result of cost increases due to
 higher sales-related production taxes and royalties and higher
 production costs associated with adverse geologic conditions at
 two mines, partially offset by higher sales prices and volumes.
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA was $65.9 million higher in 2005
 than in 2004 due to market-driven price increases that were
 partially offset by lower volumes and costs resulting from
 longwall moves and adverse geologic conditions.

 Tons
 Sold and Revenues 

 Increase (Decrease) 

 Increase (Decrease) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2005 from 2004 

 2006 from 2005 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 $ 

 % 

 $ 

 % 

 (Dollars and tons in thousands) 

 Tons sold

 24,615

 23,785

 24,290

 (830

 )

 (3.4

 )%

 505

 2.1

 %

 Sales

 $

 812,055

 $

 960,901

 $

 1,142,521

 $

 148,846

 18.3

 %

 $

 181,620

 18.9

 %

 Other revenues

 4,369

 17,376

 5,398

 13,007

 297.7

 %

 (11,978

 )

 (68.9

 )%

 Total revenues

 $

 816,424

 $

 978,277

 $

 1,147,919

 $

 161,853

 19.8

 %

 $

 169,642

 17.3

 %

 Average sales price per ton sold

 $

 32.99

 $

 40.40

 $

 47.04

 $

 7.41

 22.5

 %

 $

 6.64

 16.4

 %

 In 2006, the increase in our total revenues of
 $169.6 million over 2005 resulted from sales price
 increases for metallurgical and steam coal and an increase in
 sales volumes. Sales in 2006 of $1.14 billion increased
 $181.6 million from the prior year as average per ton sales
 prices increased $6.64, driven by increases in demand discussed
 above, and improved sulfur premiums for our produced coal. Sales
 volumes increased due to the addition of KE Ventures, LLC
 activity, which was combined in 2006 due to the increase in our
 ownership interest. Sales of KE Ventures, LLC added
 $135.7 million in 2006. Partially offsetting this increase

 46

 Table of Contents 

 was lower production at one of our metallurgical coal mines and
 at contract miner operations, as both experienced adverse
 geologic conditions and equipment failures. Other revenues
 decreased $12.0 million compared to 2005 primarily due to a
 gain from a customer contract buyout in 2005.

 In 2005, the increase in our total revenues of
 $161.9 million compared to 2004 resulted from sales price
 increases due to demand growth for both metallurgical and steam
 coal, partially offset by lower sales volumes. The decrease in
 sales volumes was primarily due to a decrease in production at
 two of our mines. Production at one of these mines decreased
 approximately one million tons as its final longwall panel was
 mined during the second half of the year, and production at the
 other mine decreased 0.8 million tons in 2005 compared to
 2004 due to an additional longwall move in 2005 and adverse
 geology and water conditions that resulted in lost production.

 Operating
 Costs and Expenses 

 The increase of $179.9 million in operating costs and
 expenses for 2006 compared to 2005 included $98.3 million
 resulting from the combining of KE Ventures, LLC, which was not
 combined in the prior year. In 2005 we owned a 49% interest in
 KE Ventures, LLC and reported our $16.9 million interest in
 the joint venture&#146;s net income in &#147;Income from equity
 affiliates.&#148;

 We pay various taxes and royalties that are indexed to our
 sales. The increase in sales during 2006 discussed above
 resulted in an increase in sales-related taxes and royalties of
 $35.0 million. Operating costs and expenses increased
 $28.5 million in 2006 due to production issues at one of
 our metallurgical coal mines as discussed previously. Roof
 control costs increased in 2006 due to an increase in the use of
 roof bolts and an increase in the cost of roof bolts.

 Operating costs increased $99.2 million in 2005 compared to
 2004 primarily due to higher contract miner costs and adverse
 geologic conditions. Costs for water intrusion and moving the
 longwall at one of our mines increased operating costs by
 $25.8 million compared to 2004. Adverse geologic conditions
 at another mine delayed longwall development near the end of
 2005 resulting in reduced volumes and an increase of
 $21.5 million in operating costs compared to 2004. Contract
 miners experienced delays in obtaining permits and some had
 difficulty meeting their employment needs due to a shortage of
 experienced miners in the region. These issues, combined with
 higher materials costs, increased costs at contract mining
 operations by approximately $23 million compared to the
 previous year.

 Income
 from Equity Affiliates 

 In 2006, the reduction in income from equity affiliates
 primarily related to the reporting change for our interest in
 earnings of KE Ventures, LLC from an equity affiliate in prior
 years to combining the entity into our 2006 results, as
 discussed previously. In 2005 and 2004, income from equity
 affiliates included our then 49% interest in KE Ventures, LLC
 results.

 47

 Table of Contents 

 Net
 Income (Loss) 

 Increase 

 Increase 

 (Decrease) 

 (Decrease) 

 to Net Income (Loss) 

 to Net Income (Loss) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2005 from 2004 

 2006 from 2005 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 $ 

 % 

 $ 

 % 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Segment Adjusted EBITDA

 $

 162,843

 $

 228,745

 $

 202,927

 $

 65,902

 40.5

 %

 $

 (25,818

 )

 (11.3

 )%

 Past mining obligations

 (74,900

 )

 (104,053

 )

 (106,880

 )

 (29,153

 )

 (38.9

 )%

 (2,827

 )

 (2.7

 )%

 Net gain on disposal or exchange of
 assets

 5,764

 57,042

 78,631

 51,278

 889.6

 %

 21,589

 37.8

 %

 Selling and administrative expenses

 (58,491

 )

 (57,123

 )

 (47,909

 )

 1,368

 2.3

 %

 9,214

 16.1

 %

 Depreciation, depletion and
 amortization

 (62,580

 )

 (65,972

 )

 (86,458

 )

 (3,392

 )

 (5.4

 )%

 (20,486

 )

 (31.1

 )%

 Asset retirement obligation expense

 (27,262

 )

 (15,572

 )

 (24,282

 )

 11,690

 42.9

 %

 (8,710

 )

 (55.9

 )%

 Interest expense

 Intercompany

 (4,960

 )

 (4,960

 )

 (5,778

 )

 &#151;

 n/a

 (818

 )

 (16.5

 )%

 Third-Party

 (7,741

 )

 (4,873

 )

 (5,641

 )

 2,868

 37.0

 %

 (768

 )

 (15.8

 )%

 Interest income

 918

 1,553

 1,417

 635

 69.2

 %

 (136

 )

 (8.8

 )%

 Income (loss) before income taxes
 and minority interests

 (66,409

 )

 34,787

 6,027

 101,196

 n/a

 (28,760

 )

 n/a

 Income tax provision

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (8,350

 )

 &#151;

 n/a

 (8,350

 )

 n/a

 Minority interests

 (275

 )

 &#151;

 (11,169

 )

 275

 n/a

 (11,169

 )

 n/a

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (66,684

 )

 $

 34,787

 $

 (13,492

 )

 $

 101,471

 n/a

 $

 (48,279

 )

 n/a

 In 2006, our net loss was $13.5 million, a decrease of
 $48.3 million compared to net income of $34.8 million
 in 2005. Net income in 2005 increased $101.5 million
 compared to a net loss of $66.7 million in 2004. The
 decrease of net income in 2006 exceeded the decrease in Segment
 Adjusted EBITDA due to higher depreciation, depletion and
 amortization expense reflecting the acquisition of an additional
 interest in KE Ventures, LLC during the first quarter of 2006.
 The increase in net income in 2005 compared to 2004 exceeded the
 increase in Segment Adjusted EBITDA due to a gain on exchange of
 coal reserves and a decrease in asset retirement obligation
 expense following higher 2004 retirement obligation expenses
 that resulted from accelerated reclamation of certain closed
 mine sites.

 Past
 Mining Obligations 

 The increase in past mining obligations in 2005 compared to
 prior year primarily related to higher retiree healthcare
 expenses resulting from unfavorable claims experience and lower
 interest rates, which ultimately resulted in a higher retiree
 healthcare liability and higher amortization of the actuarial
 loss.

 Our 2006 operating costs included approximately $46 million
 for certain retiree healthcare obligations that would have been
 assumed by Peabody had the proposed spin-off structure been in
 place at the beginning of 2006. For additional information, see
 our &#147;Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Data&#148; and
 the related notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial
 Statements.

 Net
 Gain on Disposal or Exchange of Assets 

 In 2006, net gain on disposal of assets included sales of coal
 reserves and surface lands located in Kentucky and West Virginia
 with a combined gain of $66.6 million. In 2005, net gain on
 disposal or exchange of assets included a $37.4 million net
 gain from an exchange of coal reserves as part of a dispute
 settlement with a third-party supplier and a $6.2 million
 net gain on an asset exchange from which we received Illinois
 Basin coal reserves. In 2004, net gain on disposal of assets
 reflected sales of smaller coal reserve areas, land and
 equipment.

 48

 Table of Contents 

 Selling
 and Administrative Expenses 

 Our historical selling and administrative expenses are based on
 an allocation of Peabody general corporate expenses to all of
 its mining operations, both foreign and domestic, based on
 activity-based analysis, headcount, tons sold or revenues, as
 appropriate. In 2006, the decrease of $9.2 million compared
 to 2005 primarily related to the expansion of Peabody&#146;s
 allocation base as other mining operations within Peabody grew,
 thus reducing our proportional share of the general corporate
 expenses. These allocated expenses are not necessarily
 indicative of the costs we would incur as a stand-alone company.

 Depreciation,
 Depletion and Amortization 

 The increase in 2006 of $20.5 million compared to 2005 was
 primarily due to the combining of KE Ventures, LLC in 2006 and
 higher amortization of royalty rights. The increase in 2005 of
 $3.4 million compared to 2004 reflected increases to
 depletion and amortization primarily related to increased sales
 volume and activity at our Kentucky operations.

 Asset
 Retirement Obligation Expense 

 The increase of $8.7 million in 2006 compared to 2005
 related to accelerated reclamation work at closed mines and
 reclamation plan revisions for certain operating mines. The
 decrease of $11.7 million in 2005 compared to 2004 was due
 to additional expenses incurred in 2004 to accelerate the
 reclamation of certain closed mine sites. Reclamation cost
 estimates have been increasing in recent years due to rising
 costs for commodities and services related to reclamation work.

 Interest
 Expense 

 Third-party interest expense primarily consists of fees related
 to providing surety bonds or letters of credit to guarantee
 workers compensation, reclamation, post-employment benefit, and
 lease obligations. In 2005, interest expense decreased
 $2.9 million compared to 2004 primarily reflecting
 Peabody&#146;s utilization of less costly letters of credit to
 guarantee a major portion of its workers compensation
 obligations. Our capital structure will change following our
 spin-off from Peabody. See &#147;Unaudited Pro Forma Combined
 Financial Data&#148; and our anticipated post-spin-off capital
 structure in &#147;Liquidity and Capital Resources.&#148;

 Income
 Tax Provision 

 In 2006, the Group incurred $8.4 million of tax obligation
 for federal taxes from the disposal of assets and the preference
 limitation on percentage depletion. Alternative minimum tax
 credits generated from cash payments are fully reserved because
 it is unlikely such credits will be realizable in the near
 future.

 Minority
 Interests 

 We acquired an effective controlling interest in KE Ventures,
 LLC during the first quarter of 2006, and began combining KE
 Ventures, LLC in our results in 2006. The portion of earnings
 that represent the interests of the minority owners are deducted
 from our income (loss) before income taxes and minority
 interests to determine net income (loss). The minority interest
 recorded in 2006 represents the share of KE Ventures, LLC
 earnings in which the minority holders are entitled to
 participate. Our proportional share of KE Ventures, LLC earnings
 was included in income from equity affiliates during 2005 and
 2004, therefore no minority interest was recorded for KE
 Ventures, LLC in those years. Minority interests in 2004 were
 associated with a previous joint venture.

 Outlook 

 Events
 Impacting Near-Term Operations 

 As discussed more fully under &#147;Risk Factors,&#148; our
 results of operations in the near-term could be negatively
 impacted by poor weather conditions, by unforeseen adverse
 geologic conditions or equipment problems at mining locations,
 by the unavailability of transportation for coal shipments, and
 by the inability of

 49

 Table of Contents 

 contract miners to fulfill delivery terms of their contracts.
 We do not expect higher contract miner costs or the inability of
 contract miners to fulfill delivery terms to have a material
 impact on our operations in the near term.

 Geologic conditions as it relates to coal mining refer to the
 physical nature of the coal seam and surrounding strata and its
 effect on the mining process. Geologic conditions that can have
 an adverse effect on underground mining include thinning coal
 seam thickness, rock partings within a coal seam, weak roof or
 floor rock, sandstone channel intrusions, groundwater and
 increased stresses within the surrounding rock mass due to over
 mining, under mining and overburden changes. The term
 &#147;adverse geologic conditions&#148; is used in general to
 refer to these and similar situations where the geologic setting
 can negatively affect the normal mining process. Adverse
 geological conditions would be markedly different from those
 that would be considered typical geological conditions for a
 given mine. Since over 90% of our production is sourced from
 underground operations, geologic conditions will have a
 continuing impact on our operations. We plan to aggressively
 control costs and operating performance to mitigate the impact
 of adverse geologic conditions.

 After the spin-off, Patriot will obtain products and services,
 including credit facilities, insurance, materials and supplies,
 and capital assets, as a stand alone public company. Patriot
 will no longer enjoy the benefits of acquiring these products
 and services as a subsidiary of Peabody Energy. We do not expect
 changes in the overall costs of these products and services to
 have a material adverse impact on overall mining costs.

 Global coal markets continue to grow, driven by increased demand
 from the growing economies of China, India and Brazil.
 China&#146;s economy grew 11.5% in the second quarter of 2007
 compared to 2006 as published by the National Bureau of
 Statistics of China. Patriot does not sell coal into China, but
 Chinese demand is important in determining worldwide coal
 prices. We expect prices for our products, predominantly sold in
 the U.S., to improve as worldwide demand for coal continues to
 grow. Domestically, the U.S. economy grew at an annual rate
 of 3.4% based on second quarter 2007 data as reported by the
 U.S. Commerce Department.

 Appalachian prices appear to be strengthening, as overall
 production in Appalachia in the first six months of 2007
 declined 5% compared to the same period in 2006. A recent court
 ruling related to future valley fill permits in the region may
 also negatively impact production of surface-mined coal in the
 region. Further, as prices for emission allowances continue to
 fall, pricing generally strengthens for our medium-sulfur and
 high-sulfur coal. Metallurgical coal continues to sell at a
 significant premium to steam coal and we expect to capitalize on
 the strong global market for metallurgical coal through
 production and sales of metallurgical coal from our operations.

 In the second half of 2007, we expect that our results will be
 impacted by planned outages including a temporary idling of one
 mine in response to a short-term customer shut down and longwall
 moves.

 Our union labor is represented by the UMWA. Our Appalachian
 UMWA-represented workers operate under a recently signed,
 five-year labor agreement expiring December 31, 2011. This
 contract mirrors the 2007 NBCWA and stipulates a $1.50 per
 hour increase to wages effective January 1, 2007 and a
 total wage increase of $4.00 per hour over the life of the
 agreement along with other increases in labor costs. Compliance
 with the new labor agreement is expected to add approximately
 $27.5 million to operating costs in 2007. The approximately
 350 represented workers at our Illinois Basin Highland Mine
 operate under a contract that expires on December 31, 2007.
 We expect to finalize a new labor contract in the near-term, and
 anticipate some increase in operating costs related to this new
 agreement. The actual increase has not yet been determined.

 Long-Term
 Outlook 

 Our outlook for coal markets is positive. We believe strong coal
 markets will continue worldwide, as long as growth continues in
 the U.S., Asia and other industrialized economies that are
 increasing coal demand for electricity generation and
 steelmaking. Approximately 115 gigawatts of new coal-fueled
 electricity generating capacity is scheduled to come on line
 around the world over the next three years, and EIA projects an

 50

 Table of Contents 

 additional 140 gigawatts of new U.S. coal-fueled generation
 by 2030, which by itself represents more than 500 million
 tons of additional coal demand.

 We are targeting 2007 sales volume of 22 to 24 million
 tons, including five to six million tons of metallurgical
 coal. As of June 30, 2007, we were substantially sold out for
 2007 and our total unpriced planned production for 2008 was 9 to
 11 million tons and for 2009 was 16 to 18 million tons.

 In addition to market conditions, our results of operations
 could be impacted by our ability to secure or acquire
 high-quality coal reserves; find replacement buyers for coal
 under contracts with comparable terms to existing contracts; the
 passage of new or expanded regulations that could limit our
 ability to mine, increase our mining costs, or limit our
 customers&#146; ability to utilize coal as fuel for electricity
 generation. We may also encounter adverse geologic conditions,
 lower third-party contract miner performance or unforeseen
 equipment problems that limit our ability to produce at
 forecasted levels. If upward pressure on costs exceeds our
 ability to realize sales increases, or if we experience
 unanticipated operating or transportation difficulties, our
 operating margins would be negatively impacted. We are
 experiencing increases in operating costs related to
 steel-related products (including roof control), replacement
 parts, belting products, contract mining and healthcare, and
 have taken measures to attempt to mitigate the increases in
 these costs. Management plans to aggressively control costs and
 operating performance to mitigate external cost pressures and
 geologic conditions. In addition, historically low long-term
 interest rates also have a negative impact on expenses related
 to our actuarially determined, employee-related liabilities. See
 &#147;Risk Factors&#148; for additional considerations regarding
 our outlook.

 Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates 

 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results
 of operations, liquidity and capital resources is based upon our
 financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
 with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
 States. Generally accepted accounting principles require that we
 make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of
 assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related
 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going
 basis, we evaluate our estimates. We base our estimates on
 historical experience and on various other assumptions that we
 believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of
 which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
 values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
 from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
 estimates.

 Employee-Related
 Liabilities 

 We have significant long-term liabilities for our
 employees&#146; postretirement benefit costs and workers&#146;
 compensation obligations. Detailed information related to these
 liabilities is included in Notes 11 and 13 to our combined
 financial statements. Expense for the year ended
 December 31, 2006 for these liabilities totaled
 $119.7 million, while payments were $121.9 million.

 Our postretirement benefit and certain components of our
 workers&#146; compensation obligations are actuarially
 determined, and we use various actuarial assumptions, including
 the discount rate and future cost trends, to estimate the costs
 and obligations for these items. Our discount rate is determined
 by utilizing a hypothetical bond portfolio model which
 approximates the future cash flows necessary to service our
 liabilities. We make assumptions related to future trends for
 medical care costs in the estimates of retiree healthcare and
 work-related injuries and illness obligations. Our medical trend
 assumption is developed by annually examining the historical
 trend of our cost per claim data.

 If our assumptions do not materialize as expected, actual cash
 expenditures and costs that we incur could differ materially
 from our current estimates. Moreover, regulatory changes could
 increase our obligation to satisfy these or additional
 obligations. Our most significant employee liability is
 postretirement healthcare. Assumed discount rates and
 healthcare cost trend rates have a significant effect on the
 expense and liability amounts reported for healthcare plans.
 Below we have provided two separate sensitivity analyses, to
 demonstrate the significance of these assumptions in relation to
 reported amounts. For each of these sensitivity analyses we are
 providing information related to the expenses and liabilities on
 a historical basis and on a pro

 51

 Table of Contents 

 forma basis, giving effect to the assumption by Peabody of
 certain of these retiree healthcare liabilities as part of the
 spin-off agreements. See &#147;Unaudited Pro Forma Combined
 Financial Data&#148; for more details concerning Peabody&#146;s
 assumption of these liabilities.

 Healthcare cost trend rate:

 One-Percentage- 

 One-Percentage- 

 Point Increase 

 Point Decrease 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Historical basis:

 Effect on total service and
 interest cost
 components (1) 

 $

 7,509

 $

 (5,136

 )

 Effect on total postretirement
 benefit
 obligation (1) 

 151,497

 (127,290

 )

 Pro forma basis:

 Effect on total service and
 interest cost
 components (1) 

 $

 3,477

 $

 (3,076

 )

 Effect on total postretirement
 benefit
 obligation (1) 

 77,986

 (65,118

 )

 Discount rate:

 One-Half 

 One-Half 

 Percentage- 

 Percentage- 

 Point Increase 

 Point Decrease 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Historical basis:

 Effect on total service and
 interest cost
 components (1) 

 $

 1,450

 $

 (1,729

 )

 Effect on total postretirement
 benefit
 obligation (1) 

 (63,896

 )

 67,408

 Pro forma basis:

 Effect on total service and
 interest cost
 components (1) 

 $

 678

 $

 (838

 )

 Effect on total postretirement
 benefit
 obligation (1) 

 (32,247

 )

 34,169

 (1) 

 In addition to the effect on total service and interest cost
 components of expense, changes in trend and discount rates would
 also increase or decrease the actuarial gain or loss
 amortization expense component. The gain or loss amortization
 would approximate the increase or decrease in the obligation
 divided by 8.47 years at December 31, 2006. 

 On a historical basis, we also participate in a non-contributory
 defined benefit pension plan that is sponsored by Peabody and
 accounted for on an actuarial basis. Although we do not carry
 this liability on our historical combined balance sheets, we do
 receive a proportional allocation of the actuarial-based expense
 based on the number of plan participants. The calculation of the
 liability and corresponding expense are subject to the same
 assumptions and judgments discussed above for the retiree
 healthcare and workers compensation plans. Expense for the year
 ended December 31, 2006 related to this liability totaled
 $3.7 million. We will not assume these pension liabilities
 at the spin-off; therefore, we will not continue to incur the
 related expenses.

 Asset
 Retirement Obligations 

 Our asset retirement obligations primarily consist of spending
 estimates for surface land reclamation and support facilities at
 both underground and surface mines in accordance with federal
 and state reclamation laws as defined by each mining permit.
 Asset retirement obligations are determined for each mine using
 various estimates and assumptions including, among other items,
 estimates of disturbed acreage as determined from engineering
 data, estimates of future costs to reclaim the disturbed
 acreage, the timing of these cash flows, and a credit-adjusted,
 risk-free rate. As changes in estimates occur (such as mine plan
 revisions, changes in estimated costs, or changes in timing of
 the reclamation activities), the obligation and asset are
 revised to reflect the new estimate after applying the
 appropriate credit-adjusted, risk-free rate. If our assumptions
 do not materialize as expected, actual cash expenditures and
 costs that we incur could be materially different than currently
 estimated. Moreover, regulatory changes could increase our
 obligation to perform reclamation and

 52

 Table of Contents 

 mine closing activities. Asset retirement obligation expense for
 the year ended December 31, 2006, was $24.3 million,
 and payments totaled $21.2 million. See detailed
 information regarding our asset retirement obligations in
 Note 10 to our combined financial statements.

 Income
 Taxes 

 We account for income taxes in accordance with
 SFAS No. 109, which requires that deferred tax assets
 and liabilities be recognized using enacted tax rates for the
 effect of temporary differences between the book and tax bases
 of recorded assets and liabilities. SFAS No. 109 also
 requires that deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation
 allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all
 of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. In our annual
 evaluation of the need for a valuation allowance, we take into
 account various factors, including the expected level of future
 taxable income and available tax planning strategies. If actual
 results differ from the assumptions made in our annual
 evaluation of our valuation allowance, we may record a change in
 valuation allowance through income tax expense in the period
 such determination is made.

 We establish reserves for tax contingencies when, despite the
 belief that our tax return positions are fully supported,
 certain positions are likely to be challenged and may not be
 fully sustained. The tax contingency reserves are analyzed on a
 quarterly basis and adjusted based upon changes in facts and
 circumstances, such as the progress of federal and state audits,
 case law and emerging legislation. Our effective tax rate
 includes the impact of tax contingency reserves and changes to
 the reserves, including related interest. We establish the
 reserves based upon management&#146;s assessment of exposure
 associated with permanent tax differences (i.e. tax depletion
 expense, etc.) and certain tax sharing agreements. We are
 subject to federal audits for several open years due to our
 previous inclusion in multiple combined groups and the various
 parties involved in finalizing those years. Additional details
 regarding the effect of income taxes on our combined financial
 statements is available in Note 8.

 Interpretation No. 48 &#147;Accounting for Uncertainty in
 Income Taxes &#151; an interpretation of FASB Statement
 No. 109&#148; (FIN No. 48) prescribes a
 recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the
 financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax
 position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
 FIN No. 48 also provides guidance on derecognition,
 classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim
 periods, disclosure and transition. We adopted the provisions of
 FIN No. 48 on January 1, 2007 with no impact to
 retained earnings. See &#147;Newly Adopted Accounting
 Pronouncements&#148; for more details.

 Revenue
 Recognition 

 In general, we recognize revenues when they are realizable and
 earned. We generated 99% of our revenue in 2006 from the sale of
 coal to our customers. Revenue from coal sales is realized and
 earned when risk of loss passes to the customer. Coal sales are
 made to our customers under the terms of coal supply agreements,
 most of which have a term of one year or more. Under the typical
 terms of these coal supply agreements, risk of loss transfers to
 the customer at the mine or port, where coal is loaded to the
 rail, barge, ocean-going vessel, truck or other transportation
 source(s) that deliver(s) coal to its destination.

 With respect to other revenues, other operating income, or gains
 on asset sales recognized in situations unrelated to the
 shipment of coal, we carefully review the facts and
 circumstances of each transaction and apply the relevant
 accounting literature as appropriate, and do not recognize
 revenue until the following criteria are met: persuasive
 evidence of an arrangement exists; delivery has occurred or
 services have been rendered; the seller&#146;s price to the
 buyer is fixed or determinable; and collectibility is reasonably
 assured.

 Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

 Our primary sources of cash include sales of our coal production
 to customers and sales of non-core assets and financing
 transactions. Our primary uses of cash include our cash costs of
 coal production, capital expenditures, interest costs and costs
 related to past mining obligations as well as acquisitions. Our
 ability to pay future dividends, service our debt (interest and
 principal) and acquire new productive assets or businesses is
 dependent upon our ability to continue to generate cash from the
 primary sources noted above in excess of

 53

 Table of Contents 

 the primary uses. We expect to fund all of our capital
 expenditure requirements with cash generated from operations or
 borrowed funds as necessary.

 Net cash used in operating activities for the six months ended
 June 30, 2007 decreased $71.5 million compared to the
 prior year. This decrease primarily related to cash operating
 losses and working capital changes. On a pro forma basis, our
 2007 cash flows from operating activities would have been
 approximately $43 million higher due to Peabody&#146;s
 assumption of certain retiree healthcare liabilities and higher
 revenues due to Peabody&#146;s agreement to increase the price
 paid to us under a major existing coal sales agreement to be
 more reflective of anticipated long-term market pricing for
 similar quality coal.

 Net cash provided by investing activities was $71.6 million
 for the six months ended June 30, 2007 compared to net cash
 used in investing activities of $34.7 million in the prior
 year. The decrease in cash utilization reflected lower capital
 expenditures of $16.0 million, an increase to net proceeds
 from asset disposals of $21.9 million, and an increase in
 net borrowings from our parent of $22.6 million. The six
 months ended June 30, 2006 included the acquisition of an
 additional interest in KE Ventures, LLC for $44.5 million.

 Net cash used in financing activities was $0.6 million during
 the six months ended June 30, 2007, compared to cash
 provided by financing activities of $24.9 million in the
 prior year. In 2006, our parent contributed $44.5 million
 for the acquisition of our additional interest in KE Ventures,
 LLC and we repaid KE Ventures, LLC&#146;s outstanding bank debt
 of $19.2 million.

 Net cash used in operating activities was $20.7 million for
 the year ended December 31, 2006, compared to cash provided
 by operating activities of $17.8 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2005. This decrease in cash flows from
 operating activities primarily related to lower income in 2006
 compared to 2005. On a pro forma basis, our 2006 cash flows from
 operating activities would have been approximately
 $73 million higher due to Peabody&#146;s assumption of
 certain retiree healthcare liabilities and higher revenues due
 to Peabody&#146;s agreement to increase the price paid to us
 under a major existing coal sales agreement to be more
 reflective of anticipated long-term market pricing for similar
 quality coal.

 Net cash provided by investing activities was $2.0 million
 for the year ended December 31, 2006 compared to
 $29.5 million used in the prior year. The decrease in cash
 utilization related to higher net borrowings from our parent of
 $46.4 million, higher net proceeds from asset disposals of
 $34.7 million, partially offset by the acquisition of an
 additional interest in KE Ventures, LLC for
 $44.5 million and higher capital expenditures of
 $5.1 million. Capital expenditures primarily included the
 development of new mines.

 Net cash provided by financing activities was $18.6 million
 during the year ended December 31, 2006, compared to
 $11.5 million in 2005. In 2006, our parent contributed
 $44.5 million for the acquisition of our additional
 interest in KE Ventures, LLC and we repaid KE
 Ventures, LLC&#146;s outstanding bank debt of
 $23.8 million. In 2005, we issued notes totaling
 $11.5 million to our counterparties in relation to the
 exchange of assets for Illinois Basin coal reserves.

 Our total historical indebtedness consisted of the following:

 December 31, 

 June 30, 

 2005 

 2006 

 2007 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 6.25% Promissory Notes

 $

 11,459

 $

 12,365

 $

 12,365

 Notes Payable

 &#151;

 8,357

 8,357

 Total

 $

 11,459

 $

 20,722

 $

 20,722

 The 6.25% promissory notes were issued in conjunction with an
 exchange transaction involving the acquisition of Illinois Basin
 coal reserves. Annual installments of $1.7 million on the
 notes for principal and interest are payable beginning in
 January 2008 and running through January 2017. At June 30,
 2007, the balance on the notes was $12.4 million,
 $1.0 million of which was a current liability. The
 remaining notes payable represent long-term debt outstanding at
 KE Ventures, LLC and are obligations with the partners of the
 joint venture other than us. These notes are payable on demand
 by the partners but subordinated to other long-term debt
 obligations to us. The partners have suspended interest on the
 notes. At the spin-off, substantially all

 54

 Table of Contents 

 intercompany debt between Peabody and us will be settled and
 there will be no intercompany debt continuing thereafter,
 subject to limited exceptions. At June 30, 2007, on a pro
 forma basis, we had a net intercompany receivable (both notes
 and demand balances) of $93.9 million.

 Upon the spin-off, we anticipate entering into a
 $500 million, 5-year revolving credit facility, in order to
 provide for our working capital requirements, to support letters
 of credit and for other general corporate requirements,
 including the financing of acquisitions. We expect that our
 credit facility will be utilized to replace certain Peabody
 letters of credit and surety bonds currently in place with
 respect to Patriot obligations. We currently estimate that this
 initial usage will be approximately $250 million.

 We expect that borrowings under our credit facility will be
 secured by a first lien on our assets, including, but not
 limited to, coal reserves, property, plant, equipment and mine
 development and accounts receivable. The bank credit facility is
 expected to contain certain customary financial covenants
 limiting our total indebtedness (maximum leverage ratio) and
 requiring minimum EBITDA coverage of interest expense (minimum
 interest coverage ratio) as well as contain certain limitations
 on additional debt, future dividends and asset sales. We also
 expect that the terms of the credit facility will contain
 certain customary events of default, which generally give the
 lender the right to accelerate payments of outstanding debt.
 Customary events of default include failure to maintain required
 ratios, failure to make principal, interest or fee payments
 within a grace period, and exceeding set thresholds of aggregate
 indebtedness set within the debt covenants.

 We do not anticipate that we will pay cash dividends on our
 common stock in the near term following the spin-off. The
 declaration and amount of future dividends, if any, will be
 determined by our Board of Directors and will be dependent upon
 debt covenant limitations, our financial condition and future
 earnings, our capital, legal and regulatory requirements, and
 other factors our Board deems relevant.

 From time to time, Patriot and its subsidiaries are involved in
 legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business,
 including those related to lawsuits involving Peabody for which
 Patriot and its subsidiaries share liability. Patriot and its
 subsidiaries&#146; liabilities for these matters as determined
 in accordance with FASB No. 5 totaled $2.7 million as
 of June 30, 2007. Changes in Patriot&#146;s liabilities
 have not had, and are not currently expected to have after the
 spin-off, a material effect on Patriot&#146;s liquidity and
 capital resources.

 Contractual
 Obligations 

 Payments Due by Year as of December 31, 2006 

 Within 

 2&#150;3 

 4&#150;5 

 After 

 1 Year 

 Years 

 Years 

 5 Years 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Historical basis: 

 Long-term debt obligations
 (principal and interest)

 $

 &#151;

 $

 11,757

 $

 3,400

 $

 10,200

 Operating leases obligations

 26,223

 40,138

 31,286

 11,648

 Unconditional purchase
 obligations (1) 

 25,567

 &#151;

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Coal reserve lease and royalty
 obligations

 17,248

 26,268

 13,440

 9,311

 Other long-term
 liabilities (2) 

 131,489

 257,639

 283,253

 925,525

 Total contractual cash obligations

 $

 200,527

 $

 335,802

 $

 331,379

 $

 956,684

 Patriot pro forma
 basis: 

 Total contractual cash
 obligations (3) 

 $

 146,608

 $

 227,864

 $

 224,577

 $

 589,348

 (1) 

 We have purchase agreements with approved vendors for most types
 of operating expenses. However, our specific open purchase
 orders (which have not been recognized as a liability) under
 these purchase agreements, combined with any other open purchase
 orders, are not material. The commitments in the table above
 relate to significant capital purchases. 

 55

 Table of Contents 

 (2) 

 Represents long-term liabilities relating to our postretirement
 benefit plans, work-related injuries and illnesses and mine
 reclamation and
 end-of-mine 
 closure costs. 

 (3) 

 In conjunction with the spin-off, Peabody has agreed to pay
 certain retiree healthcare liabilities related to our business,
 which we estimate had a present value of $636.0 million as
 of December 31, 2006. 

 As of June 30, 2007, we had $27.0 million of purchase
 obligations for capital expenditures. Total capital expenditures
 for the full year 2007 are expected to range from
 $60 million to $70 million and relate to replacement,
 improvement, or expansion of existing mines. Approximately
 $16 million of the expenditures relate to safety equipment
 that will be utilized to comply with recently issued federal and
 state regulations.

 Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements 

 In the normal course of business, we are a party to certain
 off-balance sheet arrangements. These arrangements include
 guarantees, indemnifications, and financial instruments with
 off-balance sheet risk, such as bank letters of credit and
 performance or surety bonds. Liabilities related to these
 arrangements are not reflected in our combined balance sheets,
 and we do not expect any material adverse effect on our
 financial condition, results of operations or cash flows to
 result from these off-balance sheet arrangements.

 Peabody has used a combination of surety bonds, corporate
 guarantees (i.e. self bonds) and letters of credit to secure our
 financial obligations for reclamation, workers&#146;
 compensation, postretirement benefits and lease obligations as
 follows as of December 31, 2006:

 Workers&#146; 

 Retiree 

 Reclamation 

 Lease 

 Compensation 

 Healthcare 

 Obligations 

 Obligations 

 Obligations 

 Obligations 

 Other (1) 

 Total 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Self bonding

 $

 48,737

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 2,418

 $

 51,155

 Surety bonds

 85,499

 &#151;

 23,390

 &#151;

 12,140

 121,029

 Letters of credit

 1,389

 20,282

 122,771

 119,397

 11,063

 274,902

 $

 135,625

 $

 20,282

 $

 146,161

 $

 119,397

 $

 25,621

 $

 447,086

 (1) 

 Includes financial guarantees primarily related to joint venture
 debt as described below and collateral for surety companies. 

 As a stand-alone entity, our profile for surety bond and letter
 of credit requirements to secure these various obligations will
 be different than our historical profile as Peabody subsidiaries.

 We expect to replace self-bonding with surety bonds, eliminate
 lease obligation requirements and reduce our guarantee on
 retiree healthcare obligations due to recent changes in the
 provisions of the Coal Act. We estimate the impact will result
 in an increase in surety bond requirements to approximately
 $175 million and a decrease in letter of credit
 requirements to approximately $250 million. Based on our
 estimate of these changes and an overall increase to our fee
 structure as compared to Peabody for these security instruments,
 we expect that annual costs for our security requirements will
 be higher than the amounts included in our historical financial
 statements. We are initially estimating an increase in annual
 costs of approximately $6 million over the amounts in our
 historical financial statements.

 In relation to an exchange transaction involving the acquisition
 of the Illinois Basin coal reserves discussed in Note 3 to
 our combined financial statements, we guaranteed bonding for a
 partnership in which we formerly held an interest. The aggregate
 amount that we guaranteed was $2.8 million and the fair
 value of the guarantee recognized as a liability was
 $0.4 million as of December 31, 2006. Our obligation
 under the guarantee extends to September 2015.

 We have unconditionally and jointly and severally guaranteed the
 payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on certain
 indebtedness of Peabody. In connection with the spin-off,
 Peabody expects to obtain a release of our guarantee.

 56

 Table of Contents 

 Newly
 Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

 In September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (FASB) issued SFAS No. 158, &#147;Employers&#146;
 Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement
 Plans&#148; (SFAS No. 158). For fiscal years ending
 after December 15, 2006, SFAS No. 158 requires
 recognition of the funded status of pension and other
 postretirement benefit plans (an asset for overfunded status or
 a liability for underfunded status) in a company&#146;s balance
 sheet. In addition, the standard requires recognition of
 actuarial gains and losses, prior service cost, and any
 remaining transition amounts from the initial application of
 SFAS No. 87, &#147;Employers&#146; Accounting for
 Pensions&#148; and SFAS No. 106 when determining a
 plan&#146;s funded status, with a corresponding charge to
 accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).

 We adopted SFAS No. 158 on December 31, 2006, and
 as a result, recorded a noncurrent liability of
 $322.1 million, which reflected the total underfunded
 status of the retiree healthcare and workers&#146; compensation
 plans. The funded status of each plan was measured as the
 difference between the fair value of the assets and the
 projected benefit obligation. SFAS No. 158 did not
 impact net income. The impact to the balance sheet was as
 follows (see Notes 11 and 13 to our combined financial
 statements for additional details):

 Before Application 

 After Application of 

 of SFAS No. 158 

 Adjustments 

 SFAS No. 158 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Historical basis: 

 Workers&#146; compensation
 obligations

 $

 216,866

 $

 (9,006

 )

 $

 207,860

 Accrued postretirement benefit
 costs (1) 

 807,923

 331,094

 1,139,017

 Obligation to industry fund

 25,593

 33

 25,626

 Total
 liabilities (1) 

 1,529,734

 322,121

 1,851,855

 Accumulated other comprehensive
 loss (1) 

 &#151;

 (322,121

 )

 (322,121

 )

 Total invested capital
 (deficit) (1) 

 (367,706

 )

 (322,121

 )

 (689,827

 )

 Patriot pro forma
 basis: 

 Workers&#146; compensation
 obligations

 $

 216,866

 $

 (9,006

 )

 $

 207,860

 Accrued postretirement benefit
 costs (1) 

 344,403

 212,521

 556,924

 Obligation to industry fund

 25,593

 33

 25,626

 Accumulated other comprehensive
 loss (1) 

 &#151;

 (203,548

 )

 (203,548

 )

 (1) 

 In conjunction with the spin-off, Peabody has agreed to pay
 certain retiree healthcare obligations related to our business,
 which we estimate had a present value of $636.0 million as
 of December 31, 2006, $53.9 million of which is a
 current liability. 

 In June 2006, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 48,
 &#147;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes &#151; an
 interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109&#148;
 (FIN No. 48). This interpretation prescribes a
 recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the
 financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax
 position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
 FIN No. 48 also provides guidance on derecognition,
 classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim
 periods, disclosure and transition.

 We adopted the provisions of FIN No. 48 on
 January 1, 2007, with no impact to retained earnings. At
 adoption and at June 30, 2007, the unrecognized tax
 benefits in our condensed combined financial statements were
 immaterial. We do not expect any significant increases or
 decreases to our unrecognized tax benefits within 12 months
 of this reporting date.

 Peabody&#146;s federal income tax returns (for which we are a
 member) for the tax years ended 1999 and beyond remain subject
 to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. Our state income
 tax returns for the tax years ended 1991 and beyond remain
 subject to examination by various state taxing authorities.

 57

 Table of Contents 

 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 Commodity
 Price Risk 

 The potential for changes in the market value of our coal
 portfolio is referred to as &#147;market risk.&#148; Due to lack
 of quoted market prices and the long term, illiquid nature of
 the positions, we have not quantified market risk related to our
 portfolio of coal supply agreements. We manage our commodity
 price risk for our long-term coal contract portfolio through the
 use of long-term coal supply agreements, rather than through the
 use of derivative instruments. We sold 85% of our sales volume
 under coal supply agreements with terms of one year or more
 during 2006. As of June 30, 2007, we were substantially
 sold out for 2007 and our total unpriced planned production for
 2008 was 9 to 11 million tons and for 2009 was 16 to
 18 million tons.

 In connection with the spin-off, we will enter into long-term
 coal contracts with marketing affiliates of Peabody, as
 described in more detail under &#147;Our Relationship with
 Peabody after the Spin-Off &#151; Ongoing Coal Supply
 Arrangements&#148; on page 109. The arrangements, except as
 described therein or below under &#147;Credit Risk&#148;, will
 have substantially similar terms and conditions as the
 pre-existing contractual obligations of Peabody&#146;s marketing
 affiliate. After the spin-off, these arrangements may be amended
 or terminated only with the mutual agreement of Peabody and
 Patriot.

 Credit
 Risk 

 A major portion of our revenues are generated through sales to a
 marketing affiliate of Peabody, and subsequent to the spin-off
 we will continue to supply coal to Peabody on a contract basis
 as described above, so Peabody can meet its commitments under
 pre-existing customer agreements sourced from our operations.
 One of these arrangements with Peabody provides for the
 adjustment of a major existing coal sales agreement sourced from
 Patriot&#146;s operations to increase the price paid to us
 thereunder to be more reflective of anticipated long-term market
 pricing for similar quality coal. The term of the arrangement
 between Patriot and Peabody will expire on December 12,
 2012, which term could be subject to extension in certain
 circumstances. For further information regarding this contract,
 see &#147;Our Relationship with Peabody after the
 Spin-Off &#151; Ongoing Coal Supply
 Arrangements &#151; Coal Supply Agreement I&#148; on
 page 110. Our remaining sales will be made directly to
 electric utilities, industrial companies and steelmakers.
 Therefore, our concentration of credit risk is primarily with
 Peabody, as well as electric utilities and steelmakers. Our
 policy is to independently evaluate each customer&#146;s
 creditworthiness prior to entering into transactions and to
 constantly monitor the credit extended. In the event that we
 engage in a transaction with a counterparty that does not meet
 our credit standards, we will protect our position by requiring
 the counterparty to provide appropriate credit enhancement. When
 appropriate (as determined by our credit management function),
 we have taken steps to reduce our credit exposure to customers
 or counterparties whose credit has deteriorated and who may pose
 a higher risk of failure to perform under their contractual
 obligations. These steps include obtaining letters of credit or
 cash collateral, requiring prepayments for shipments or the
 creation of customer trust accounts held for our benefit to
 serve as collateral in the event of a failure to pay.
 Additionally, as of June 30, 2007, we had
 $125.3 million in secured notes receivable outstanding from
 counterparties not affiliated with us or Peabody arising out of
 the sale of coal reserves and surface lands discussed above. Of
 this amount, 95% is from a single counterparty.

 58

 Table of Contents 

 COAL
 INDUSTRY OVERVIEW 

 We obtained the information provided in this &#147;Coal
 Industry Overview&#148; regarding future coal consumption and
 future coal market prices from EIA, the independent statistical
 and analytical agency within the U.S. Department of Energy,
 as well as Energy Ventures Analysis, Inc. (EVA), BP Statistical
 Review (BP), Barlow Jonker, Platts Energy Advantage, MSHA and
 the National Mining Association (NMA). EIA bases its forecasts
 on assumptions about, among other things, trends in various
 economic sectors (residential, transportation, industrial,
 etc.), economic growth rates, technological improvements and
 demand for other energy sources. 

 Introduction/Overview 

 Coal is one of the world&#146;s most abundant, efficient and
 affordable natural resources whose primary use is fuel for
 electricity generation. Coal is also used by steel companies in
 the steelmaking process, and by industrial users to power their
 production facilities. In the United States, coal has
 consistently comprised 50% or more of the electricity generation
 fuel mix since 1980. EIA projects that total annual coal
 consumption will increase by 57% between 2005 and 2030 to
 1.8 billion tons per year and that coal consumption by
 electricity generators will increase by 51% during that period,
 even as electricity generators are required to reduce their
 levels of emissions under current regulations.

 Coal is the dominant fuel for electricity generation because of
 its relatively low cost and availability throughout the United
 States. Fuel is the largest variable cost component involved in
 electricity generation. EIA estimates relative delivered cost of
 oil, natural gas, and coal as $7.85 per million Btu,
 $6.97 per million Btu, and $1.67 per million Btu,
 respectively, during 2006.

 The other major market for coal is the steel industry. The type
 of coal used in steelmaking is referred to as
 &#147;metallurgical coal&#148;. When making steel in an
 integrated steel mill, two of the key raw ingredients are iron
 ore and coke. Coke is the substance formed when metallurgical
 coal is heated in a coking oven to a very high temperature in
 the absence of air.

 Metallurgical coal is distinguished by special quality
 characteristics that include high carbon content, low expansion
 pressure, low sulfur content, and various other chemical
 attributes. Metallurgical coal is also high in heat content (as
 measured in Btus), and therefore can alternatively be used by
 utilities as fuel for electricity generation. Consequently,
 metallurgical coal producers have the opportunity to select the
 market that provides maximum revenue. The price offered for
 metallurgical coal by steelmakers for its coke making attributes
 is typically higher than the price offered by utility coal
 buyers that typically value only the Btu, ash and sulfur content
 of steam coal. U.S. metallurgical coal reserves are
 predominately concentrated in Appalachia. Barlow Jonker
 estimates that Appalachia supplied 13% of 2005 globally traded
 metallurgical coal. Substantially all U.S. metallurgical
 coal exports are sourced from Appalachia.

 According to BP, the United States contains the largest coal
 reserves in the world, equivalent to an estimated 234 years
 of U.S. supply based on current usage rates. By comparison,
 U.S. natural gas reserves amount to less than 12 years
 of U.S. supply based on most recently available usage rates. The
 United States is also the world&#146;s second largest coal
 producer with approximately 1.16 billion tons in 2006.

 Industry
 Trends 

 In recent years, the U.S. coal industry has experienced
 several significant trends including:

 Growth
 in Coal Consumption 

 According to EIA, coal consumption in the United States
 increased 25% between 1990 and 2005, from 0.9 billion tons
 to 1.1 billion tons. The largest driver of higher coal
 consumption during this period was increased demand for
 electricity, stemming from a 34% rise of electricity production
 by domestic electric power producers and 33% growth of coal
 consumption by domestic electric power producers. Coal
 consumption is expected to expand as demand for electricity
 continues to increase.

 59

 Table of Contents 

 Construction
 of New Coal-Fueled Power Plants 

 The EIA projects that 140 gigawatts of new U.S. coal-fueled
 electric generation capacity will be needed by 2030 to meet
 growing demand for electricity. The U.S. Department of
 Energy&#146;s National Energy Technology Laboratory (NETL)
 tracks approximately 150 proposed coal-fueled plants comprising
 approximately 90 gigawatts of electric generation, a nearly 30%
 increase over current coal-fueled generating capacity. These
 proposed facilities would require approximately 300 million
 tons of annual coal demand if all were constructed. The number
 of facilities tracked by NETL that will ultimately be placed in
 service is difficult to determine at this time; however, the
 completion of all 90 gigawatts would satisfy only two-thirds of
 the projected need.

 Gains
 in Mining Productivity 

 According to EIA, the number of operating mines declined 54%
 over the past 15 years, as U.S. coal production
 increased approximately 17%. During that same period, average
 coal mine productivity (tons per employee hour) improved 55%.
 This increased productivity was due to increased mining from
 large surface operations in the western United States, changes
 in work practices and new technologies.

 The productivity rate for Appalachia and the Illinois Basin has
 increased by 22% since 1991 (3.25 tons per employee per
 hour in 2006, compared with 2.66 in 1991). During this same
 period, total tons produced from these regions decreased by 17%,
 while the number of mines declined by a much higher 53% rate.
 The increase in productivity, driven by advances in technology
 and mining practices, more than offset increasingly difficult
 geologic conditions.

 Coal
 Conversion Technologies 

 Coal conversion technologies offer expanded market opportunities
 for coal through
 coal-to-gas 
 and
 coal-to-liquids 
 projects. These technologies are currently in use in other areas
 of the world and are now reaching the U.S. The recent rise
 in the price of oil and natural gas combined with an increasing
 focus on domestic energy security has spurred bipartisan
 introduction of clean coal technologies legislation that, if
 enacted as proposed, includes financial assistance and funding
 to encourage development. New markets for coal driven by
 conversion technologies would enhance long-term fundamentals for
 the coal industry.

 Industry
 Consolidation 

 The U.S. coal industry has experienced significant
 consolidation over the last 15 years. In 2006, the five
 largest coal producers controlled over 53% of coal produced in
 the United States, compared to just 36% in 1995 and 26% in 1991.
 Weaker coal prices in the late 1990s forced many smaller
 operators to sell or shut down their operations. Despite
 increased consolidation, the industry still remains relatively
 fragmented, particularly in Appalachia where approximately 87%
 of U.S. mines are located.

 Air
 Quality Standards 

 Between 1990 and 2005, permitted levels of emissions of sulfur
 dioxide and nitrogen oxide were reduced 32% and 53%,
 respectively. Coal-fueled electric power generators are
 currently required to comply with emissions requirements through
 the use of lower sulfur coal, either exclusively or by blending
 with higher sulfur coal, the installation of pollution control
 devices to reduce emissions from higher sulfur coal, the
 purchase or trade of emission credits or the reduction of
 electricity generating levels. CAIR will further lower sulfur
 dioxide emission levels in 2010, and again in 2015. Nitrogen
 oxide emission levels will be reduced in 2009 and 2015. CAMR
 imposes requirements to reduce mercury emission levels by 2010
 and 2018. These new standards are expected to result in broader
 installation of pollution control devices, which will further
 expand markets for higher sulfur coal products.

 Coal
 Markets 

 EIA estimates that approximately 1.1 billion tons of coal
 was consumed in the United States in 2006 and expects domestic
 consumption to grow to 1.8 billion tons by 2030. Demand
 from domestic electricity

 60

 Table of Contents 

 generators, currently accounting for more than 90% of domestic
 consumption, is projected to increase to 1.57 billion tons
 by 2030.

 Projected
 U.S. Coal Consumption 

 Growth 

 2005- 

 2005 

 2010 

 2015 

 2020 

 2025 

 2030 

 2030 

 (Million short tons per year) 

 Electric Power

 1,039

 1,104

 1,178

 1,262

 1,411

 1,570

 51

 %

 Coke Plants

 23

 22

 21

 21

 21

 21

 (9

 )%

 Other Industrial

 61

 64

 62

 63

 63

 64

 5

 %

 Residential and Commercial

 5

 5

 5

 5

 5

 5

 0

 %

 Coal-to-Liquids 

 &#151;

 &#151;

 16

 26

 82

 112

 n/a

 Total

 1,128

 1,195

 1,282

 1,377

 1,582

 1,772

 57

 %

 Source: 
 
 EIA Annual Energy Outlook 2007

 Table A 15 Coal Supply, Disposition and Prices &#151;
 Reference Case

 Coal
 Regions 

 Coal is mined from coalfields throughout the United States, with
 the major production centers located in Appalachia, the Illinois
 Basin, the Powder River Basin and other western coalfields.

 Appalachia 

 Central Appalachia, including central and southern West
 Virginia, eastern Kentucky and southwestern Virginia is the
 second largest coal producing region in the United States. From
 2000 to 2005, according to EVA, the Central Appalachia region
 experienced a 10% decline in production, from 263 million
 tons to 236 million tons. This decline, which resulted
 primarily from the depletion of economically attractive
 reserves, permitting issues and increasing costs of production,
 was partially offset by production increases in southern West
 Virginia due to the expansion of surface mines. The region has
 experienced consolidation in the past several years due to
 growth and strong competition from western coal, driven by
 increasing use of lower sulfur coal. While production is
 expected to decline over the next five years due to permitting
 issues and increasingly challenging geology, demand for coal
 from existing operations should remain strong. Central
 Appalachian operators market more than 70% of their coal to
 electricity generators, principally in the eastern seaboard
 region of the United States.

 Central Appalachia is the primary source of high quality, low,
 mid and high volatile metallurgical coal. This coal has high
 fluidity levels, low sulfur content and is in demand in both the
 United States and export coal markets, including Europe and
 South America. According to Barlow Jonker, globally traded
 metallurgical coal demand is forecasted to grow from
 235 million tons in 2006 to approximately 320 million
 tons by 2015.

 Steam coal in Central Appalachia has an average heat content of
 12,500 Btu per pound and is generally low sulfur. Metallurgical
 quality coal from this region has a heat content of up to 14,000
 Btu per pound and can provide a premium product to certain
 utility customers.

 Northern Appalachia, including western Pennsylvania,
 southeastern Ohio and northern West Virginia, is another major
 coal producing region in the eastern United States. Production
 in the region was approximately 138 million tons in 2005.
 Much of the production in this region is concentrated in a few
 highly productive longwall mining operations in southwestern
 Pennsylvania and northern West Virginia. Despite its sulfur
 content of 1.5% to 3.0%, which is considered medium to high
 sulfur coal, coal from the Pittsburgh seam produced from these
 mines is considered attractive to electricity generators because
 of its high heat content, typically in excess of 13,000 Btu per
 pound. Demand for coal from this region is expected to grow

 61

 Table of Contents 

 approximately 14% between 2005 and 2010, according to EVA.
 Markets for this coal are expected to increase due to the
 installation of scrubbers required to meet emissions regulations.

 Illinois
 Basin 

 The Illinois Basin, including Illinois, southern Indiana and
 western Kentucky, is the major coal production center in the
 midwestern United States. There has been significant
 consolidation among coal producers in the Illinois Basin over
 the past several years. From 2000 to 2005, according to EVA, the
 Illinois Basin experienced a modest increase in production to
 93 million tons. With the installation of scrubbers and
 possible future markets for coal from coal conversion technology
 applications, the Illinois Basin is expected to see demand
 rising more than 25% by 2010 and nearly 70% by 2025. This region
 has ample reserves to serve the growing demand. Current
 production quality ranges from 9,000 to 12,700 Btu per pound and
 0.8% to 4.5% sulfur, with production averaging approximately
 11,400 Btu per pound and 2.5% sulfur.

 Regional
 Coal Markets 

 The following table indicates the historical and projected
 demand by coal region.

 U.S. Coal
 Demand by Production Region 

 CAGR (1) 

 2005- 

 2000 

 2005 

 2010 

 2015 

 2020 

 2025 

 2025 

 (Million short tons per year) 

 Central Appalachia

 263

 236

 187

 179

 173

 173

 (1.5

 )%

 Northern Appalachia

 137

 138

 157

 155

 161

 164

 0.9

 %

 Southern Appalachia

 21

 22

 14

 13

 13

 12

 (2.7

 )%

 Illinois Basin

 90

 93

 118

 142

 147

 157

 2.7

 %

 Powder River Basin

 362

 430

 519

 578

 633

 702

 2.5

 %

 Other Western

 206

 211

 206

 221

 228

 244

 0.7

 %

 Import

 13

 29

 39

 42

 50

 59

 3.6

 %

 Anthracite

 2

 2

 1

 1

 1

 1

 (3.2

 )%

 Total

 1,094

 1,161

 1,241

 1,331

 1,406

 1,512

 1.3

 %

 Source: 
 
 EVA COALCAST: Long-Term Outlook for Coal and Competing Fuels,
 Fall 2006

 Exhibit 3-27 
 Forecast of Coal Supply

 (1) 

 Compound annual growth rate. 

 Coal
 Prices 

 Coal prices vary dramatically by region and are determined by a
 number of factors. The two principal components of the delivered
 price of coal are the price of coal at the mine, which is
 influenced by mine operating costs and coal quality, and the
 cost of transporting coal from the mine to the point of use.
 Electricity generators purchase coal principally on the basis of
 its delivered cost per million Btu.

 Price
 at the Mine 

 The price of coal at the mine is influenced by the
 customers&#146; ability to use alternative fuels as well as
 costs, which in turn reflect geological characteristics such as
 seam thickness, overburden ratios and depth of underground
 reserves. Coal in the Appalachian region is generally
 characterized by thinner coal seams and higher overburden
 ratios, leading to higher costs of extraction versus other
 regions of the United States. Appalachian coal typically
 commands higher prices than coal from other U.S. basins as
 a result of its heat content and proximity to the largest
 concentration of electricity generators.

 62

 Table of Contents 

 In addition to the cost of mine operations, the price of coal at
 the mine is also a function of quality characteristics such as
 heat value and sulfur, ash and moisture content. Metallurgical
 coal has certain coking characteristics and in our experience
 has been priced at a premium to steam coal.

 Transportation
 Costs 

 Coal used for domestic consumption is generally sold free on
 board (FOB) at the mine and the purchaser normally bears the
 transportation costs. Export coal, however, is usually sold at
 the loading port, and coal producers are responsible for
 shipment to the export coal-loading facility and the buyer
 typically pays the ocean freight. Most electricity generators
 arrange long-term shipping contracts with rail or barge
 companies to assure stable delivered costs. Transportation can
 be a large component of the buyer&#146;s delivered cost.
 Although the customer pays the freight, transportation cost is
 still important to coal mining companies because the customer
 considers total delivered price in coal sourcing decisions.
 According to NMA, in 2004, at least 75% of all U.S. coal
 was shipped by rail or barge. Trucks and overland conveyors haul
 coal over shorter distances, while lake carriers and ocean
 vessels move coal to export markets. Some domestic coal is
 shipped over the Great Lakes. Railroads move more coal than any
 other product, and in 2004, coal accounted for 20% of total
 U.S. rail freight revenue and more than 40% of total
 freight tonnage. In 2006, Patriot shipped approximately 64% of
 its 24.3 million tons sold by rail, 26% by barge and 10% by
 truck. In the first six months of 2007, Patriot shipped
 approximately 65% of its 11.1 million tons sold by rail,
 30% by barge and 5% by truck.

 Coal
 Characteristics 

 There are four types of coal: bituminous, subbituminous,
 anthracite and lignite. Each has characteristics that make it
 more or less suitable for different end uses. In general, coal
 of all geological composition is characterized by end use as
 either &#147;steam coal&#148; or &#147;metallurgical coal,&#148;
 sometimes known as &#147;met coal.&#148; Steam coal is used by
 electricity generators and by industrial facilities to produce
 steam, electricity or both. Metallurgical coal is used to make
 coke, which is in turn used in the production of steel. Heat
 value and sulfur content are key coal characteristics,
 particularly in the selection of products by steam coal users.

 Heat
 Value 

 The heat value of coal is commonly measured in Btu per pound of
 coal. A Btu is the amount of heat needed to raise one pound of
 water one degree Fahrenheit. Coal found in Appalachia and the
 Illinois Basin tends to have a heat content ranging from 10,000
 to 15,000 Btu per pound. Most coal found in the western United
 States ranges from 8,000 to 10,000 Btu per pound. The weight of
 moisture in coal, as sold, is included in references to Btu per
 pound of coal in this information statement, unless otherwise
 indicated.

 Sulfur
 Content 

 Sulfur content is generally characterized as low, medium or
 high, reflecting the pounds of sulfur per million Btu, or as a
 percentage of the product. Low sulfur refers to less than 1.5%
 of sulfur content and is generally found in coal from Central
 Appalachia, Colorado and the Powder River Basin. Medium (1.5% to
 2.0%) and high-sulfur (greater than 2.0%) coal are located
 primarily in Northern Appalachia and the Illinois Basin.

 Coal combustion produces sulfur dioxide, the amount of which
 varies depending on the chemical composition and the
 concentration of sulfur in the coal. The lower emissions
 standards of CAIR are expected to require advanced emission
 control equipment on both existing coal-based electric
 generating stations, as well as new facilities, to handle the
 sulfur content of even the lowest sulfur coal.

 Coal
 Mining Techniques 

 Coal mining operations commonly use four distinct techniques to
 extract coal from the ground. The most appropriate technique
 depends upon coal seam characteristics such as geology and
 recoverable coal reserves. Drill hole data is used initially to
 define the size, depth and quality of the coal reserve area
 before committing to a specific extraction technique. All coal
 mining techniques rely heavily on technology; consequently,

 63

 Table of Contents 

 technological improvements have resulted in increased
 productivity. The four most common mining techniques are
 continuous mining, longwall mining,
 truck-and-shovel 
 mining and dragline mining. Our operations utilize continuous
 mining, longwall and
 truck-and-shovel 
 methods.

 Once coal is mined, it is often crushed, sized and washed in
 preparation plants where the product consistency, heat content
 and other quality characteristics are improved. This process
 involves removing impurities and possibly blending it with other
 coal to match customer specifications.

 Continuous
 Mining 

 Continuous mining is an underground mining method in which
 airways and transportation entries are developed by continuous
 mining machines, leaving &#147;pillars&#148; to support the
 roof. Pillars may subsequently be extracted to maximize the
 reserve recovery. Shuttle cars or other similar equipment
 transport coal from the continuous miners at the face to a
 conveyor belt for transport to the surface. This method is often
 used to mine smaller coal reserves or thin seams.

 The following diagram illustrates our typical underground mining
 operation using continuous mining techniques:

 64

 Table of Contents 

 Longwall
 Mining 

 Longwall mining is an underground mining method that uses
 hydraulic shields, varying from five feet to 12 feet in
 height, to support the roof of the mine while a shearing machine
 traverses the coal face removing a two to three foot slab of
 coal with each pass. An armored face conveyer then moves the
 coal to a standard deep mine conveyer system for delivery to the
 surface. Continuous mining is used to develop access to long
 rectangular panels of coal, which are then mined with longwall
 equipment, allowing controlled subsidence behind the retreating
 machinery. Longwall mining is highly productive, but it is
 effective only for large blocks of medium to thicker coal seams.
 High capital costs associated with longwall mining demand a
 large, contiguous base of coal reserves. Seam recovery using
 longwall mining is typically higher, and productivity is
 significantly higher, than continuous mining methods.

 The following diagram illustrates a typical underground mining
 operation using longwall mining techniques:

 Truck-and-Shovel 
 Mining 

 Truck-and-shovel 
 mining is a surface mining method that uses large electric- or
 diesel-powered shovels to remove overburden, which is used to
 backfill pits after coal removal. Shovels load coal into haul
 trucks for transportation to the preparation plant or
 transportation loading facility. Productivity depends on
 equipment, geological composition and the ratio of overburden to
 coal.

 65

 Table of Contents 

 BUSINESS 

 We are a leading producer of coal in the eastern United States,
 with operations and coal reserves in Appalachia and the Illinois
 Basin. We are also a leading U.S. producer of metallurgical
 quality coal. We and our predecessor companies have operated in
 these regions for more than 50 years. In 2006, we sold
 24.3 million tons of coal, of which 77% was sold to
 domestic electric utilities and 23% was sold to domestic and
 global steel producers. In the first six months of 2007, we sold
 11.1 million tons of coal, of which 79% was sold to
 domestic electric utilities and 21% was sold to domestic and
 global steel producers. We control approximately
 1.2 billion tons of proven and probable coal reserves. Our
 proven and probable coal reserves include premium coking coal
 and medium and
 high-Btu 
 steam coal, with low, medium and high sulfur content. We believe
 we are well-positioned to meet customers&#146; increasing demand
 for various products, given the diverse coal qualities available
 in our proven and probable coal reserves.

 Our operations consist of eight company-operated mines, two
 joint venture mines and numerous contractor-operated mines
 serviced by eight coal preparation facilities, with one in
 northern West Virginia, four in southern West Virginia and three
 in western Kentucky. We ship coal to electric utilities,
 industrial users and metallurgical coal customers via
 Patriot-controlled loading facilities and multiple rail and
 river transportation routes.

 Our mining operations and coal reserves are as follows:

 &#149; 

 Appalachia. In southern West Virginia, we have
 three company-operated mines, two joint venture mines and
 numerous contractor-operated mines, serviced by four coal
 preparation plants. These operations and related infrastructure
 are located in Boone and Kanawha counties. In northern West
 Virginia, we have one company-operated mine, serviced by a
 preparation plant and related infrastructure. These operations
 are located in Monongalia County. We sold 15.3 million tons
 and 7.2 million tons of coal in the year ended
 December 31, 2006 and the six months ended June 30,
 2007, respectively. As of December 31, 2006, we controlled
 502 million tons of proven and probable coal reserves in
 Appalachia, of which 188 million tons were assigned to
 current operations.

 &#149; 

 Illinois Basin. In the Illinois Basin, we have
 four company-operated mines, serviced by three preparation
 plants. These operations and related infrastructure are located
 in Union and Henderson counties in western Kentucky. We sold
 9.0 million tons of coal and 3.9 million tons of coal in
 the year ended December 31, 2006 and the six months ended
 June 30, 2007, respectively. As of December 31, 2006,
 we controlled 741 million tons of proven and probable coal
 reserves in the Illinois Basin, of which 137 million tons
 were assigned to current operations.

 For the year ended December 31, 2006, we generated
 $1.15 billion of revenues, incurred a net loss of
 $13.5 million and generated $126.8 million of Adjusted
 EBITDA. In the first six months of 2007, we generated
 $525.9 million of revenues, incurred a net loss of $17.8
 million and generated $35.1 million of Adjusted EBITDA. In
 connection with the spin-off, Peabody has agreed to pay certain
 of our retiree healthcare liabilities. Peabody has also agreed
 to increase the price paid to us under a major existing coal
 sales agreement to be more reflective of anticipated

 66

 Table of Contents 

 long-term market pricing for similar quality coal. On a pro
 forma basis, after giving effect to the spin-off and these and
 other related transactions as if they had occurred on
 January 1, 2006, we generated $1.18 billion of
 revenues, $75.0 million of net income and
 $222.7 million of Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended
 December 31, 2006 and $539.5 million of revenues,
 $32.0 million of net income and $85.5 million of
 Adjusted EBITDA for the first six months of 2007. Our results
 for the year ended December 31, 2006 and for the six months
 ended June 30, 2007 reflect $78.6 million and $81.0
 million, respectively, of net gain on disposal of assets. For a
 reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA, see
 page 11.

 Our
 Strengths 

 We believe the following competitive strengths position us for
 continued operating success and profitability:

 &#149; 

 We have a large and attractively located base of proven and
 probable coal reserves. We control
 1.2 billion tons of proven and probable coal reserves,
 making us one of the largest reserve holders in Appalachia and a
 major reserve holder in the Illinois Basin, based on publicly
 available information. Our proven and probable coal reserves are
 located within a 500 mile radius of the majority of
 U.S. electricity generating plants and steel producers. We
 believe our location and scale position us as an attractive
 supplier to existing and new coal-fueled power plants.

 &#149; 

 We are a leading U.S. producer of metallurgical
 coal. For the year ended December 31, 2006
 and the first six months of 2007, we sold 5.6 million tons
 and 2.3 million tons of metallurgical coal, respectively, or 23%
 and 21% of our total coal sales volume, respectively, to steel
 mills and independent coke producers. Approximately 30% of our
 metallurgical coal volume was sold to international customers,
 primarily in Europe and Brazil. In recent years, metallurgical
 coal has commanded a premium price to steam coal. This premium
 is principally due to (i) metallurgical coal&#146;s value
 as a raw material in the steelmaking process and (ii) the
 limited availability of coal reserves and production with the
 specifications needed to produce steelmaking coke.

 &#149; 

 We believe our diversified product line and sourcing
 capabilities make us an attractive supplier to utility
 customers. We produce medium and
 high-Btu 
 coal, with low, medium and high sulfur content, from our
 operations in Appalachia and the Illinois Basin. We believe this
 product diversification positions us as an attractive supplier
 to utility customers with installed scrubbers, as well as
 utilities that will continue to use lower sulfur coal as part of
 their means to meet emission standards. We utilize our large
 scale preparation plants to blend coal produced at our mines, as
 well as coal produced at contractor-operated mines and coal
 purchased from third parties. We have the ability to ship coal
 to our customers by rail, barge or truck as they require.
 Through our diverse sourcing alternatives, blending capabilities
 and transportation options, we are able to offer multiple
 delivered cost alternatives to our customers.

 &#149; 

 We are well-positioned to be a consolidator in Central
 Appalachia. Our proven and probable coal reserves
 and operations in Central Appalachia are contiguous or in close
 proximity to numerous small- and medium-sized operators. The
 breadth of our proven and probable coal reserves creates
 opportunities for growth through acquisitions, reserve
 transactions and joint ventures involving those operators who
 seek to monetize their holdings. We believe our ability to take
 advantage of these opportunities is supported by: (i) our
 scale and our ability as a public company to access the capital
 markets; (ii) the location of our current proven and
 probable reserve holdings; (iii) our long history of
 operations in all coal market conditions; and (iv) our
 strong management team and its extensive acquisition and joint
 venture experience obtained with Peabody.

 &#149; 

 We have a well-trained, experienced and dedicated work
 force. We employ well-trained, experienced miners
 whose tenure averages 18 years with our company.
 Approximately 61% of our employees as of December 31, 2006
 at company operations were members of the UMWA, most of whom are
 employed under a five-year labor contract that became effective
 January 1, 2007. As a critical component to recruit and
 retain a talented workforce, we operate a dedicated training
 center to educate new employees and our existing workforce in
 safety, current mining techniques, equipment operation and

 67

 Table of Contents 

 maintenance. We operate both union and non-union mines and we
 have a track record of good cooperation with our employees.

 &#149; 

 Our management team has a proven track record of success with
 Peabody. The seven members of our executive
 management team have a combined 134 years of experience in
 the mining industry. All key members of management originated
 from our previous parent company, Peabody, and inherited
 Peabody&#146;s best practices in the areas of safety,
 operations, reclamation and sales. Members of our management
 team have completed numerous value-enhancing acquisition, joint
 venture and divestiture transactions during their tenure with
 Peabody. We will endeavor to build on our management team&#146;s
 strong track record in these areas to create value for our
 stockholders.

 Our
 Strategy 

 Our principal objective is to enhance stockholder value. Our
 management team will make sound and timely decisions on
 operational and commercial matters consistent with our short and
 long-term strategies to create value. Our three core strategies
 are to:

 Maintain and enhance operational
 performance. We intend to maintain and
 enhance our operational performance through a continued emphasis
 on safety, productivity, cost management and environmental
 stewardship.

 &#149; 

 Safety. Safety is our highest operational
 priority and the cornerstone of our relationship with all of our
 employees. Our average incidence rate has improved nearly 40% in
 the last five years, and we intend to continue employing best
 practices in emergency preparedness, communications, training,
 and behavior to drive world-class safety performance. We have
 received 16 awards for safety since 2000, five of them in 2006.
 Our focus on safety has resulted in 2005 and 2006 being the
 safest years on record for our operations.

 &#149; 

 Productivity and cost management. We intend to
 develop strong and focused underground and surface engineering
 capabilities to optimize planning and capital deployment,
 proactively driving sustainable cost control and continuous
 improvements in all aspects of the production process. We plan
 to meet production and cost targets by utilizing a combination
 of our experienced, productive workforce, process improvement
 initiatives and
 state-of-the-art 
 equipment. We also will seek to enhance productivity and lower
 costs by working closely with suppliers and equipment
 manufacturers to develop new technologies to extract and process
 coal.

 &#149; 

 Environmental stewardship. We will continue to
 be good stewards of the land on which we operate. We believe our
 operations and their surrounding communities will benefit from
 our responsible, effective environmental practices. We intend to
 build on our track record of success that has resulted in 14
 awards for reclamation excellence and outstanding stewardship
 received since 2000.

 Maximize customer satisfaction. We will
 seek to maximize customer satisfaction by taking advantage of
 our diverse production and sourcing capabilities.

 &#149; 

 Sourcing flexibility. We intend to utilize our
 production capabilities and efficient preparation facilities to
 process a diverse range of steam and metallurgical coal products
 to satisfy our customers&#146; needs. Our multiple coal
 qualities, blending capabilities and transportation alternatives
 enhance our ability to reliably deliver product on time, within
 specifications and at competitive delivered costs.

 &#149; 

 Innovative contracting techniques. We will
 work closely with our customers to employ innovative coal supply
 arrangements to address physical, financial and commercial needs
 of both parties.

 &#149; 

 Coal brokerage. As another means to meet
 certain customer requirements, we intend to use our sales
 contract portfolio, market presence, coal handling facilities
 and transportation flexibility to expand purchase and resale of
 third-party coal.

 68

 Table of Contents 

 Pursue value-enhancing growth
 opportunities. We intend to pursue growth
 opportunities through an opportunistic acquisition strategy, as
 well as through organic growth.

 &#149; 

 Acquisitions, reserve transactions and joint
 ventures. We intend to pursue value-enhancing
 acquisition, reserve transaction and joint venture
 opportunities. Coal production in Central Appalachia is highly
 fragmented. Our proven and probable coal reserves and operations
 are contiguous or in close proximity to numerous small- and
 medium-sized operators, potentially creating acquisition and
 joint venture opportunities for us.

 &#149; 

 Organic growth. We will evaluate opportunities
 to exploit previously untapped reserves through increased
 production from our large and diverse base of proven and
 probable coal reserves in Appalachia and the Illinois Basin. We
 will target surface and underground opportunities in close
 proximity to our existing preparation facilities where we
 believe we can generate appropriate profitability and return on
 capital to add stockholder value.

 Mining
 Operations 

 As of December 31, 2006, we had eight company-operated
 mines, two joint-venture mines and numerous contractor-operated
 mines, serviced by eight coal preparation facilities, with one
 in northern West Virginia, four in southern West Virginia and
 three in western Kentucky. The following table provides the
 location and summary information regarding our active operations
 as of December 31, 2006.

 Prep Plant Statistics 

 Mining 

 2006 Tons 

 Plant 

 Coal 

 Location 

 Operation 

 Mine, Prep Plant 

 Method (1) 

 Steam/Met 

 Sold (2) 

 Employees 

 Capacity (3) 

 Recovery (4) 

 (Tons in thousands) 

 West Virginia

 Big
 Mountain (5) 

 Mine, Prep Plant

 CM

 Steam

 1,985.1

 197

 900

 48

 %

 Harris (6) 

 Mine

 LW, CM

 Met

 1,459.4

 362

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Rocklick (5) 

 Prep Plant

 n/a

 Met/Steam

 2,103.2

 96

 2,000

 30% met 
 65% steam

 Rivers
 Edge (7) 

 Mine

 CM

 Met

 1,184.0

 179

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Wells (5) 

 Prep Plant

 n/a

 Met

 2,028.0

 64

 1,350

 50

 %

 Kanawha
 Eagle (8) 

 Mine, Prep Plant

 CM

 Met/Steam

 1,983.1

 n/a

 700

 45

 %

 Federal

 Mine, Prep Plant

 LW, CM

 Steam

 4,549.7

 469

 1,300

 82

 %

 Sub-total 

 15,292.5

 1,367

 Western Kentucky

 Highland

 Mine, Prep Plant

 CM

 Steam

 3,495.4

 419

 2,000

 60

 %

 Patriot (9) 

 Mine

 TS

 Steam

 1,376.7

 82

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Freedom (9) 

 Mine

 CM

 Steam

 1,312.2

 145

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Bluegrass

 Prep Plant

 n/a

 Steam

 n/a

 22

 400

 70

 %

 Dodge Hill

 Mine, Prep Plant

 CM

 Steam

 1,549.0

 191

 300

 50

 %

 Big
 Run (10) 

 Mine

 CM

 Steam

 1,264.4

 115

 n/a

 n/a

 Sub-total 

 8,997.7

 974

 Other

 n/a

 n/a

 n/a

 n/a

 112

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Total 

 24,290.2

 2,453

 (1) 

 LW = Longwall, CM = Continuous Miner, TS = Truck-and-Shovel. 

 (2) 

 Tons sold for each plant in 2006 were the same as actual annual
 plant production in 2006, subject to stockpile variations,
 except for Bluegrass, where 2006 plant production was 1,314.0
 thousand tons. 

 (3) 

 Tons per hour; plant capacity is raw, or run of mine, feed rate
 into the plant. 

 (4) 

 Coal recovery is the saleable product coming out of the plant
 divided by the raw product coming into the plant. 

 (5) 

 Processes contract mining production. 

 (6) 

 Coal processed at Rocklick preparation plant. 

 69

 Table of Contents 

 (7) 

 Coal processed at Wells preparation plant. 

 (8) 

 Patriot has an effective 73.9% interest in this joint venture,
 which consists of a preparation plant and two mines. 

 (9) 

 Coal processed at Bluegrass preparation plant. 

 (10) 

 Big Run was sold in the first half of 2007. 

 West
 Virginia 

 Big
 Mountain 

 The Big Mountain preparation plant is located in southern West
 Virginia and is sourced by one company-operated mine, Big
 Mountain No. 16, and multiple contractor-operated mines.
 Coal is produced utilizing continuous mining methods. The coal
 is sold on the steam market and is transported via the CSX
 railroad. All hourly employees at the company-owned and operated
 facilities are represented by the UMWA. Coal is produced from
 the Coalburg seam, with average thickness of eight feet.

 Rocklick 

 The Rocklick preparation plant is located in southern West
 Virginia and is sourced by one company-operated mine, Harris
 No. 1, and multiple contracts mines. Coal at Harris is
 produced utilizing longwall and continuous mining methods, while
 our contractor-operated mines utilize continuous mining methods.
 All Harris coal is sold on the metallurgical market and most of
 the contractor processed coal is sold on the steam market.
 Rocklick has the capability to transport coal on both the CSX
 and the Norfolk Southern railroads. All hourly employees at the
 company-owned and operated facilities are represented by the
 UMWA. Metallurgical coal is produced from the Eagle seam, with
 average thickness of three feet if only the lower split is
 mined, or 5 feet if both seam splits are mined. Steam coal is
 produced from the Winifrede seam, with average thickness of four
 feet, or surface mined from the Kittaning, Stockton, Clarion and
 Coalburg seams, with an 18 to 1 average overburden to coal ratio.

 Wells 

 The Wells preparation plant is located in southern West Virginia
 and is sourced by one company-operated mine, Rivers Edge, and
 multiple contractor-operated mines. Coal is produced utilizing
 continuous mining methods. All coal is currently sold on the
 metallurgical market and is transported by the CSX railroad.
 Steam coal can also be produced and processed at this operation.
 All hourly employees at the company-owned and operated
 facilities are represented by the UMWA. In July 2007, a
 notice under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification
 Act was issued at the Rivers Edge mine to reduce operations from
 two to one continuous miner unit, which will impact more than
 one-half of the Rivers Edge workforce. The expected reduction
 will take place in early September 2007. Rivers Edge mine
 produces coal from the Powellton seam, with average thickness of
 four feet. Coal is produced from the newly developed Black
 Stallion contract mine in the Eagle seam, with average thickness
 of five feet. Contract mines produce coal from the No. 2
 Gas and Dorothy seams, both with average thickness of four feet.

 Kanawha
 Eagle Joint Venture 

 We have an effective interest of 73.9% in the Kanawha Eagle
 operation which is located in southern West Virginia. The
 Kanawha Eagle preparation plant is sourced by two joint venture
 mines utilizing continuous mining methods. Processed coal is
 sold on both metallurgical and steam markets and is transported
 via the CSX railroad and via barge on the Kanawha River. None of
 the hourly employees is represented by a union. Coal is produced
 from the Coalburg seam, with average thickness of six feet, and
 the Eagle seam, with average thickness of four feet.

 70

 Table of Contents 

 Federal 

 The Federal preparation plant is located in northern West
 Virginia and is sourced by one company-operated mine, Federal
 No. 2, utilizing longwall and continuous mining methods.
 All coal is sold on the
 high-Btu 
 steam market and is transported via the CSX and Norfolk Southern
 railroads. All hourly employees are represented by the UMWA. On
 June 8, 2007, Peabody entered into agreements with CNX Gas
 Company to acquire coal reserves in exchange for coalbed methane
 and oil and gas assets. Under these agreements, a Patriot
 subsidiary acquired approximately 28 million tons of proven
 and probable coal reserves in the Pittsburgh seam contiguous to
 Patriot&#146;s Federal No. 2 Mine, extending the expected life
 of that mine by five years. Coal is produced from the Pittsburgh
 seam, with average thickness of seven feet.

 Western
 Kentucky 

 Highland 

 The Highland preparation plant is located in western Kentucky
 and is sourced by one company-operated mine, Highland
 No. 9, utilizing continuous mining methods. All coal is
 sold on the steam market and is transported via barge on the
 Ohio River. All hourly employees are represented by the UMWA.
 Coal is produced from the Kentucky No. 9 seam, with average
 thickness of five feet.

 Bluegrass 

 The Bluegrass preparation plant is located in western Kentucky
 and is sourced by two company-operated mines, Freedom and
 Patriot. Coal at Freedom is produced utilizing underground
 continuous mining methods, while coal at Patriot is produced
 utilizing the
 truck-and-shovel 
 surface mining method. All coal is sold on the steam market and
 is transported via truck and barge on the Green River. None of
 the hourly employees is represented by a union. Coal is produced
 from the Kentucky No. 9 seam, with average thickness of
 four feet, with a 15 to 1 overburden to coal
 ratio when mined by the surface mining method.

 Dodge
 Hill 

 The Dodge Hill preparation plant is located in western Kentucky
 and is sourced by one company-operated mine utilizing continuous
 mining methods. All coal is sold on the steam market and
 transported via barge on the Ohio River. None of the hourly
 employees is represented by a union. Coal is produced from the
 Kentucky No. 6 seam, with average thickness of
 four feet.

 Big
 Run 

 The Big Run mine is an underground mining operation located in
 western Kentucky. We sold these operations in the first half of
 2007.

 Coal
 Reserves 

 We had an estimated 1.2 billion tons of proven and probable
 coal reserves as of December 31, 2006 located in Appalachia
 and the Illinois Basin. Twelve percent of our proven and
 probable coal reserves, or 146 million tons, are compliance
 coal and 88% are non-compliance coal. We own approximately 55%
 of these reserves and lease property containing the remaining
 45%. Compliance coal is defined by Phase II of the Clean
 Air Act as coal having sulfur dioxide content of 1.2 pounds or
 less per million Btu. Electricity generators are able to use
 coal that exceeds these specifications by using emissions
 reduction technology, using emission allowance credits or
 blending higher sulfur coal with lower sulfur coal.

 71

 Table of Contents 

 Below is a table summarizing the locations and reserves of our
 major operating regions.

 Proven and Probable Reserves as of 

 December 31,
 2006 (1) 

 Owned 

 Leased 

 Total 

 Geographic Region 

 Tons 

 Tons 

 Tons 

 (Tons in millions) 

 Appalachia

 193

 309

 502

 Illinois Basin

 487

 254

 741

 Total proven and probable coal
 reserves

 680

 563

 1,243

 (1) 

 Reserves have been adjusted to take into account recoverability
 factors in producing a saleable product. 

 Reserves are defined by SEC Industry Guide 7 as that part of a
 mineral deposit which could be economically and legally
 extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination.
 Proven and probable coal reserves are defined by SEC Industry
 Guide 7 as follows:

 Proven (Measured) Reserves are reserves for which
 (a) quantity is computed from dimensions revealed in
 outcrops, trenches, workings or drill holes; grade
 and/or 
 quality are computed from the results of detailed sampling and
 (b) the sites for inspection, sampling and measurement are
 spaced so close and the geographic character is so well defined
 that size, shape, depth and mineral content of coal reserves are
 well-established.

 Probable (Indicated) Reserves are reserves for which quantity
 and grade
 and/or 
 quality are computed from information similar to that used for
 proven (measured) reserves, but the sites for inspection,
 sampling and measurement are farther apart or are otherwise less
 adequately spaced. The degree of assurance, although lower than
 that for proven (measured) reserves, is high enough to assume
 continuity between points of observation.

 Our estimates of proven and probable coal reserves are
 established within these guidelines. Patriot does not include
 sub-economic coal within these proven and probable reserve
 estimates. Proven reserves require the coal to lie within
 one-quarter mile of a valid point of measure or point of
 observation, such as exploratory drill holes or previously mined
 areas. Estimates of probable reserves may lay more than
 one-quarter mile, but less than three-quarters of a mile, from a
 point of thickness measurement. Estimates within the proven
 category have the highest degree of assurance, while estimates
 within the probable category have only a moderate degree of
 geologic assurance. Further exploration is necessary to place
 probable reserves into the proven reserve category. Our active
 properties generally have a much higher degree of reliability
 because of increased drilling density.

 Reserve estimates as of December 31, 2006 were prepared by
 Peabody&#146;s staff of geologists, whose experience ranges from
 ten to 30 years. The staff includes a chief geologist of
 reserve reporting whose primary responsibility is to track
 changes in reserve estimates, supervise other geologists and
 coordinate periodic third-party reviews of coal reserve
 estimates by qualified mining consultants.

 We periodically engage independent mining and geological
 consultants to review estimates of our coal reserves. The most
 recent of these reviews, which was completed in January 2007,
 included a review of the procedures used by us to prepare our
 internal estimates, verification of the accuracy of selected
 property reserve estimates and retabulation of reserve groups
 according to standard classifications of reliability. The study
 confirmed that Patriot had approximately 1.2 billion tons
 of proven and probable reserves as of December 31, 2006.

 Our reserve estimates are predicated on information obtained
 from an ongoing drilling program, which totals more than 15,000
 individual drill holes. We compile data from individual drill
 holes in a computerized drill-hole database from which the
 depth, thickness and, where core drilling is used, the quality
 of the coal are determined. The density of the drill pattern
 determines whether the reserves will be classified as proven or
 probable. The reserve estimates are then input into a
 computerized land management system, which overlays the
 geological data with data on ownership or control of the mineral
 and surface interests to determine the

 72

 Table of Contents 

 extent of our proven and probable coal reserves in a given
 area. The land management system contains reserve information,
 including the quantity and quality (where available) of coal
 reserves as well as production rates, surface ownership, lease
 payments and other information relating to our coal reserves and
 land holdings. We periodically update our reserve estimates to
 reflect production of coal from the reserves and new drilling or
 other data received. Accordingly, reserve estimates will change
 from time to time to reflect mining activities, analysis of new
 engineering and geological data, changes in reserve holdings,
 modification of mining methods and other factors.

 Our estimate of the economic recoverability of our proven and
 probable coal reserves is based upon a comparison of unassigned
 reserves to assigned reserves currently in production in the
 same geologic setting to determine an estimated mining cost.
 These estimated mining costs are compared to existing market
 prices for the quality of coal expected to be mined and taking
 into consideration typical contractual sales agreements for the
 region and product. Where possible, we also review production by
 competitors in similar mining areas. Only coal reserves expected
 to be mined economically are included in our reserve estimates.
 Finally, our coal reserve estimates include reductions for
 recoverability factors to estimate a saleable product.

 With respect to the accuracy of our reserve estimates, our
 experience is that recovered reserves are within plus or minus
 10% of our proven and probable estimates, on average, and our
 probable estimates are generally within the same statistical
 degree of accuracy when the necessary drilling is completed to
 move reserves from the probable to the proven classification.
 The expected degree of variance from reserve estimate to tons
 produced is lower in the Illinois Basin due to the continuity of
 the coal seams as confirmed by the mining history. Appalachia
 has a higher degree of risk due to the mountainous nature of the
 topography which makes exploration drilling more difficult. Our
 recovered reserves in Appalachia are less predictable and may
 vary by an additional one to two percent above the threshold
 discussed above.

 Private coal leases normally have terms of between 10 and
 20 years and usually give us the right to renew the lease
 for a stated period or to maintain the lease in force until the
 exhaustion of mineable and merchantable coal contained on the
 relevant site. These private leases provide for royalties to be
 paid to the lessor either as a fixed amount per ton or as a
 percentage of the sales price. Many leases also require payment
 of a lease bonus or minimum royalty, payable either at the time
 of execution of the lease or in periodic installments.

 The terms of our private leases are normally extended by active
 production on or near the end of the lease term. Leases
 containing undeveloped reserves may expire or these leases may
 be renewed periodically. With a portfolio of approximately
 1.2 billion tons, we believe that we have sufficient
 reserves to replace capacity from depleting mines for an
 extensive period of time and that our significant base of proven
 and probable coal reserves is one of our strengths. We believe
 that the current level of production at our major mines is
 sustainable for the foreseeable future.

 Consistent with industry practice, we conduct only limited
 investigation of title to our coal properties prior to leasing.
 Title to lands and reserves of the lessors or grantors and the
 boundaries of our leased properties are not completely verified
 until we prepare to mine those reserves.

 73

 Table of Contents 

 The following chart provides a summary, by geographic region and
 mining complex, of production for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, tonnage of coal reserves
 that is assigned to our operating mines, property interest in
 those reserves and other characteristics of the facilities.

 PRODUCTION
 AND ASSIGNED
 RESERVES (1) 

 Production 

 Sulfur
 Content (2) 

 As of December 31, 2006 

 &#062;1.2 to 2.5 

 &#060;1.2 lbs. 

 lbs. 

 &#062;2.5 lbs. 

 Year 

 Year 

 Year 

 Sulfur 

 Sulfur 

 Sulfur 

 As 

 Assigned 

 Ended 

 Ended 

 Ended 

 Dioxide 

 Dioxide 

 Dioxide 

 Received 

 Proven and 

 Geographic Region/ 

 Dec 31, 

 Dec 31, 

 Dec 31, 

 Type of 

 per 

 per 

 per 

 Btu per 

 Probable 

 Under- 

 Mining Complex 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 Coal 

 Million Btu 

 Million Btu 

 Million Btu 

 Pound (3) 

 Reserves 

 Owned 

 Leased 

 Surface 

 ground 

 (Tons in millions) 

 Appalachia:

 Federal

 4.9

 4.1

 4.6

 Steam

 &#151;

 &#151;

 31

 13,300

 31

 11

 20

 &#151;

 31

 Big Mountain

 1.9

 1.9

 2.0

 Steam

 4

 30

 &#151;

 12,300

 34

 &#151;

 34

 &#151;

 34

 Kanawha Eagle

 &#151;

 &#151;

 1.9

 Met/Steam

 31

 22

 &#151;

 13,100

 53

 &#151;

 53

 &#151;

 53

 Harris

 3.0

 2.0

 1.6

 Met/Steam

 5

 3

 &#151;

 13,800

 8

 &#151;

 8

 &#151;

 8

 Rocklick

 2.0

 2.6

 2.2

 Met/Steam

 5

 7

 1

 13,100

 13

 &#151;

 13

 3

 10

 Wells

 2.6

 2.6

 2.3

 Met/Steam

 20

 29

 &#151;

 12,800

 49

 &#151;

 49

 &#151;

 49

 Total

 14.4

 13.2

 14.6

 65

 91

 32

 188

 11

 177

 3

 185

 Illinois Basin:

 Highland

 3.2

 3.8

 3.7

 Steam

 &#151;

 &#151;

 88

 11,400

 88

 31

 57

 &#151;

 88

 Dodge Hill

 1.2

 1.2

 1.1

 Steam

 &#151;

 &#151;

 8

 12,600

 8

 3

 5

 &#151;

 8

 Bluegrass (4) 

 4.1

 4.2

 3.9

 Steam

 &#151;

 &#151;

 41

 10,800

 41

 4

 37

 3

 38

 Total

 8.5

 9.2

 8.7

 &#151;

 &#151;

 137

 137

 38

 99

 3

 134

 Total

 22.9

 22.4

 23.3

 65

 91

 169

 325

 49

 276

 6

 319

 The following chart provides a summary of the amount of our
 proven and probable coal reserves in each U.S. state, the
 predominant type of coal mined in the applicable location, our
 property interest in the reserves and other characteristics of
 the facilities.

 ASSIGNED
 AND UNASSIGNED PROVEN AND PROBABLE COAL
 RESERVES (1) 
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2006 

 Sulfur
 Content (2) 

 &#060;1.2 

 &#062;1.2 to 

 lbs. 

 2.5 lbs. 

 &#062;2.5 lbs. 

 Sulfur 

 Sulfur 

 Sulfur 

 Proven 

 Dioxide 

 Dioxide 

 Dioxide 

 As 

 and 

 per 

 per 

 per 

 Received 

 Total Tons 

 Probable 

 Type of 

 Million 

 Million 

 Million 

 Btu per 

 Reserve Control 

 Mining Method 

 Coal Seam Location 

 Assigned 

 Unassigned 

 Reserves 

 Proven 

 Probable 

 Coal 

 Btu 

 Btu 

 Btu 

 Pound (3) 

 Owned 

 Leased 

 Surface 

 Underground 

 (Tons in millions) 

 Appalachia:

 Ohio

 &#151;

 25

 25

 19

 6

 Steam

 &#151;

 &#151;

 25

 11,300

 25

 &#151;

 &#151;

 25

 West Virginia

 188

 289

 477

 310

 167

 Met/ 
 Steam

 141

 201

 135

 13,100

 168

 309

 15

 462

 Total

 188

 314

 502

 329

 173

 141

 201

 160

 193

 309

 15

 487

 Illinois Basin:

 Illinois

 &#151;

 266

 266

 114

 152

 Steam

 5

 38

 223

 10,600

 239

 27

 &#151;

 266

 Kentucky

 137

 338

 475

 241

 234

 Steam

 &#151;

 &#151;

 475

 10,800

 248

 227

 54

 421

 Total

 137

 604

 741

 355

 386

 5

 38

 698

 487

 254

 54

 687

 Total proven and probable

 325

 918

 1,243

 684

 559

 146

 239

 858

 680

 563

 69

 1,174

 (1) 

 Assigned reserves represent recoverable coal reserves that we
 have committed to mine at locations operating as of
 December 31, 2006. Unassigned reserves represent coal at
 suspended locations and coal that has 

 74

 Table of Contents 

 not been committed. These reserves would require new mine
 development, mining equipment or plant facilities before
 operations could begin on the property. 

 (2) 

 Compliance coal is defined by Phase II of the Clean Air Act
 as coal having sulfur dioxide content of 1.2 pounds or less per
 million Btu. Non-compliance coal is defined as coal having
 sulfur dioxide content in excess of this standard. Electricity
 generators are able to use coal that exceeds these
 specifications by using emissions reduction technology, using
 emissions allowance credits or blending higher sulfur coal with
 lower sulfur coal. 

 (3) 

 As-received Btu per pound includes the weight of moisture in the
 coal on an as sold basis. The average moisture content used in
 the determination of as received Btu in Appalachia and the
 Illinois Basin is 6% and 7% to 14%, respectively. 

 (4) 

 Includes Big Run, which was sold in the first half of 2007. 

 Coal
 Supply Agreements 

 Coal produced by our operations is primarily sold to various
 Peabody subsidiaries pursuant to intercompany agreements. These
 subsidiaries then market and sell the coal to utilities and
 other customers pursuant to their own coal supply agreements.
 Following the spin-off, we will continue to supply coal to such
 Peabody subsidiaries on a contract basis, so they can meet their
 commitments under pre-existing customer agreements sourced from
 our operations. We will maintain our own sales and marketing
 team to enter into coal supply agreements with current and
 future customers. Coal produced by the Kanawha Eagle joint
 venture is sold by a third-party sales agent.

 For July 2007 and forward, we currently have a sales backlog of
 67.5 million tons of coal, including backlog subject to
 price reopener
 and/or 
 extension provisions, and our coal supply agreements have
 remaining terms up to 10 years and an average
 volume-weighted remaining term of approximately 3.6 years.

 Commitments as of June 30, 2007 

 Remainder 

 2010 and 

 Fiscal year: 

 of 2007 

 2008 

 2009 

 Later 

 Total 

 Tons (thousands): 

 11,402

 15,602

 9,753

 30,743

 (1) 

 67,500

 (1) 

 (1) 

 Includes 14.8 million tons that would become committed in
 the event the Coal Supply Agreement I with
 COALSALES II, LLC (as described on page 110) is
 extended for the maximum term. 

 These commitments represent approximately 94%, 63% and 37% of
 our estimated production for the remainder of 2007, 2008 and
 2009, respectively.

 In 2006, we sold coal to over 90 electricity generating and
 industrial plants in eight countries, including the United
 States. Our primary customer base is in the United States.

 We expect to continue selling a significant portion of our coal
 under supply agreements with terms of one year or longer. Our
 approach is to selectively renew, or enter into new, coal supply
 contracts when we can do so at prices we believe are favorable.
 Through the pre-existing customer relationships held by various
 Peabody subsidiaries, as of June 30, 2007, 94% and 63% of
 our projected second half 2007 and full year 2008 total
 production, respectively, was committed under contracts, and we
 had 92% and 35% of our projected metallurgical coal production
 in 2007 and 2008, respectively, committed under contracts.

 Typically, customers enter into coal supply agreements to secure
 reliable sources of coal at predictable prices, while we seek
 stable sources of revenue to support the investments required to
 open, expand and maintain or improve productivity at the mines
 needed to supply these contracts. The terms of coal supply
 agreements result from competitive bidding and extensive
 negotiations with customers. Consequently, the terms of these
 contracts vary significantly in many respects, including price
 adjustment features, price reopener terms, coal quality
 requirements, quantity parameters, permitted sources of supply,
 treatment of environmental constraints, extension options, force
 majeure, and termination and assignment provisions.

 75

 Table of Contents 

 Each contract sets a base price. Some contracts provide for a
 predetermined adjustment to base price at times specified in the
 agreement. Base prices may also be adjusted quarterly, annually
 or at other periodic intervals for changes in production costs
 and/or 
 changes due to inflation or deflation. Changes in production
 costs may be measured by defined formulas that may include
 actual cost experience at the mine as part of the formula. The
 inflation/deflation adjustments are measured by public indices,
 the most common of which is the implicit price deflator for the
 gross domestic product as published by the U.S. Department
 of Commerce. In most cases, the components of the base price
 represented by taxes, fees and royalties which are based on a
 percentage of the selling price are also adjusted for any
 changes in the base price and passed through to the customer.

 Most contracts contain provisions to adjust the base price due
 to new statutes, ordinances or regulations that impact our cost
 of performance of the agreement. Additionally, some contracts
 contain provisions that allow for the recovery of costs impacted
 by modifications or changes in the interpretation or application
 of existing statutes or regulations. Some agreements provide
 that if the parties fail to agree on a price adjustment caused
 by cost increases due to changes in applicable laws and
 regulations, either party may terminate the agreement.

 Price reopener provisions are present in some of our multi-year
 coal contracts. These provisions may allow either party to
 commence a renegotiation of the contract price at various
 intervals. In a limited number of agreements, if the parties do
 not agree on a new price, the purchaser or seller has an option
 to terminate the contract. Under some contracts, we have the
 right to match lower prices offered to our customers by other
 suppliers.

 Quality and volumes for the coal are stipulated in coal supply
 agreements, and in some limited instances buyers have the option
 to vary annual or monthly volumes if necessary. Variations to
 the quality and volumes of coal may lead to adjustments in the
 contract price. Most coal supply agreements contain provisions
 requiring us to deliver coal within certain ranges for specific
 coal characteristics such as heat content (Btu), sulfur, and ash
 content, grindability and ash fusion temperature. Failure to
 meet these specifications can result in economic penalties,
 suspension or cancellation of shipments or termination of the
 contracts. Coal supply agreements typically stipulate procedures
 for quality control, sampling and weighing.

 Contract provisions in some cases set out mechanisms for
 temporary reductions or delays in coal volumes in the event of a
 force majeure, including events such as strikes, adverse mining
 conditions or serious transportation problems that affect the
 seller or unanticipated plant outages that may affect the buyer.
 More recent contracts stipulate that this tonnage can be made up
 by mutual agreement. Buyers often negotiate similar clauses
 covering changes in environmental laws. We often negotiate the
 right to supply coal that complies with a new environmental
 requirement to avoid contract termination. Coal supply
 agreements typically contain termination clauses if either party
 fails to comply with the terms and conditions of the contract,
 although most termination provisions provide the opportunity to
 cure defaults.

 In some of our contracts, we have a right of substitution,
 allowing us to provide coal from different mines, including
 third-party production, as long as the replacement coal meets
 the contracted quality specifications and will be sold at the
 same delivered cost.

 Sales and
 Marketing 

 Through our sales and marketing subsidiary, we will sell coal
 produced by our operations and third-party producers. Our sales
 and marketing group will include personnel dedicated to
 performing market research, contract administration, credit/risk
 management activities and transportation and distribution
 functions.

 Transportation 

 Coal consumed domestically is typically sold at the mine, and
 transportation costs are borne by the purchaser. Export coal is
 usually sold at the loading port, with purchasers paying ocean
 freight. Producers usually pay shipping costs from the mine to
 the port, including any vessel demurrage costs associated with
 delayed loadings.

 76

 Table of Contents 

 In 2006, Patriot shipped approximately 64% of its 24.3 million
 tons sold by rail, 26% by barge and 10% by truck. In the first
 six months of 2007, Patriot shipped approximately 65% of its
 11.1 million tons sold by rail, 30% by barge and 5% by truck.
 Our transportation staff manages the loading of coal via these
 transportation modes.

 Suppliers 

 The main types of goods we purchase are mining equipment and
 replacement parts, steel-related (including roof control)
 products, belting products and lubricants. Although we have many
 long, well-established relationships with our key suppliers, we
 do not believe that we are dependent on any of our individual
 suppliers, except as noted below. The supplier base providing
 mining materials has been relatively consistent in recent years,
 although there has been some consolidation. Purchases of certain
 underground mining equipment are concentrated with one principal
 supplier; however, supplier competition continues to develop.

 Technical
 Innovation 

 We continue to place great emphasis on the application of
 technical innovation to improve new and existing equipment
 performance, which leads to enhanced productivity, safety
 improvements and cost control measures. This research and
 development effort is typically undertaken and funded by
 equipment manufacturers using our input and expertise. Our
 engineering, maintenance and purchasing personnel work together
 with manufacturers to design and produce equipment that we
 believe will add value to our operations.

 We have successfully implemented this strategy in the past
 through a number of key initiatives. For example, we were the
 first company to introduce underground diesel equipment in West
 Virginia. We also were instrumental in developing
 state-of-the-art 
 continuous coal haulage equipment, now in use at one of our
 western Kentucky mines. We operate two longwall systems which
 efficiently mine certain of our larger, contiguous reserves. In
 addition, we operate coal preparation plants capable of
 producing a wide range of products to meet specific customer
 demands.

 World-class maintenance standards based on condition-based
 maintenance practices are being implemented at all operations.
 Using these techniques allows us to increase equipment
 utilization and reduce capital spending by extending the
 equipment life, while minimizing the risk of premature failures.
 Benefits from sophisticated lubrication analysis and
 quality-control include lower lubrication consumption, optimum
 equipment performance and extended component life.

 We are one of the largest users of advanced coal quality
 analyzers among coal producers, according to the manufacturer of
 this equipment. These analyzers allow continuous analysis of
 certain coal quality parameters, such as sulfur content. Their
 use helps ensure consistent product quality and helps customers
 meet stringent air emission requirements.

 Competition 

 The United States coal industry is highly competitive, both
 within each region and on a national basis. Coal production in
 Appalachia and the Illinois Basin totaled 489 million tons
 in 2005, with the largest five producers (Consol Energy, Massey
 Energy, Alpha Natural Resources, Alliance Resource Partners and
 Peabody (excluding our operations)) accounting for 38% of
 production. In addition, coal from the western United States and
 imported coal is used by utility customers in the eastern United
 States. The most important factors on which we compete are
 delivered price (i.e., including transportation costs, which are
 paid by our utility customers), coal quality characteristics and
 reliability of supply.

 A number of factors beyond our control affects the markets in
 which we sell our coal. Continued demand for our coal and the
 prices obtained by us depend primarily on the coal consumption
 patterns of the electricity and steel industries in the United
 States and elsewhere around the world; the availability,
 location, cost of transportation and price of competing coal;
 and other electricity generation and fuel supply sources such as
 natural gas, oil, nuclear and hydroelectric. Coal consumption
 patterns are affected primarily by the demand for

 77

 Table of Contents 

 electricity, environmental and other governmental regulations,
 and technological developments. We compete on the basis of coal
 quality, delivered price, customer service and support and
 reliability.

 Employees &#038;
 Labor Relations 

 Relations with our employees and, where applicable, organized
 labor, are important to our success. As of December 31,
 2006, we had approximately 2,500 employees. Approximately 61% of
 our employees at our company operations as of December 31,
 2006 were represented by the UMWA, and these operations
 generated approximately 47% of our 2006 sales volume. Most of
 our unionized employees are employed under a five-year labor
 agreement expiring December 31, 2011. This contract mirrors
 the 2007 NBCWA. The approximately 350 represented workers at our
 Highland Mine operate under a contract that expires on
 December 31, 2007.

 We operate a training center in Appalachia. Due to increasing
 coal demand, the labor market for skilled miners and other
 operations and management personnel is tight. Our training
 center educates our workforce, particularly our most recent
 hires, in our rigorous safety standards, the latest in mining
 techniques and equipment, and serves as a center for
 dissemination of mining best practices across all of our
 operations. Our training efforts are designed with the intent of
 developing and retaining a world-class workforce.

 Certain
 Liabilities 

 We have significant long-term liabilities for reclamation (also
 called asset retirement obligations), work-related injuries and
 illnesses, pensions and retiree healthcare. In addition, labor
 contracts with the UMWA and voluntary arrangements with
 non-union employees include long-term benefits, notably
 healthcare coverage for retired employees and future retirees
 and their dependents.

 Asset
 Retirement Obligations 

 Asset retirement obligations primarily represent the present
 value of future anticipated costs to restore surface lands to
 productivity levels equal to or greater than pre-mining
 conditions, as required by the Surface Mining Control and
 Reclamation Act of 1977 (SMCRA). Expense (which includes
 liability accretion and asset amortization) for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was $24.3 million,
 $15.6 million, and $27.3 million, respectively and for
 the six months ended June 30, 2007 was $9.3 million.
 As of June 30, 2007, our asset retirement obligations of
 $134.3 million included $92.7 million related to
 locations with active mining operations and $41.6 million
 related to locations that are closed or inactive.

 Workers&#146;
 Compensation 

 These liabilities represent the actuarial estimates for
 compensable, work-related injuries (traumatic claims) and
 occupational disease, primarily black lung disease
 (pneumoconiosis). The Federal Black Lung Benefits Act requires
 employers to pay black lung awards to former employees who filed
 claims after June 1973. These liabilities were
 $232.3 million as of December 31, 2006 and
 $235.1 million as of June 30, 2007, $24.5 million
 and $23.6 million of which was a current liability,
 respectively. The adoption of SFAS No. 158 on
 December 31, 2006 resulted in decreases to our
 workers&#146; compensation liability and accumulated other
 comprehensive loss of $9.0 million. Therefore, in
 accordance with SFAS No. 158, the liability as of
 December 31, 2006 and June 30, 2007 represented the
 accumulated obligation related to our workers&#146; compensation
 plans, including unrecognized actuarial gains. Expense for the
 years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was
 $32.4 million, $46.8 million and $46.4 million,
 respectively, and for the six months ended June 30, 2007
 was $14.2 million.

 Retiree
 Healthcare 

 Consistent with SFAS No. 106, we record a liability
 representing the estimated cost of providing retiree healthcare
 benefits to current retirees and active employees who will
 retire in the future. Provisions for active employees represent
 the amount recognized to date, based on their service to date;
 additional amounts are accrued periodically so that the total
 estimated liability is accrued when the employee retires.

 78

 Table of Contents 

 Our retiree healthcare liabilities were $1.21 billion as of
 December 31, 2006 and June 30, 2007, of which
 $75.0 million was a current liability. The adoption of
 SFAS No. 158 on December 31, 2006 resulted in an
 increase to our retiree healthcare liabilities and an increase
 to accumulated other comprehensive loss of $331.1 million.
 Therefore, in accordance with SFAS No. 158, the
 liability as of December 31, 2006 and as of June 30,
 2007 represented the accumulated benefit obligations of our
 retiree healthcare liabilities, including any unrecognized
 actuarial losses and prior service cost. Expense for the years
 ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was
 $87.3 million, $83.4 million and $48.9 million,
 respectively, and for the six months ended June 30, 2007
 was $56.3 million.

 In connection with the spin-off, a subsidiary of Peabody has
 agreed to pay certain of our obligations associated with Coal
 Act 2007 NBCWA and certain salaried employee retiree healthcare
 benefits, which we estimate had a present value of
 $636.0 million as of December 31, 2006 and
 $614.5 million as of June 30, 2007. As a result, our
 2006 expense would have been reduced by $46.1 million and
 2006 cash payments would have been $59.7 million lower and
 our expenses for the first six months of 2007 would have been
 reduced by $31.1 million and cash payments for such period would
 have been $33.2 million lower. We will continue to
 administer these benefits and certain Patriot subsidiaries will
 remain jointly and severally liable for the Coal Act
 obligations, and remain secondarily liable for the 2007 NBCWA
 obligations and the salaried employee obligations. For further
 information, see &#147;Our Relationship with Peabody after the
 Spin-Off &#151; Liability Assumption Agreements. &#148;

 The Coal Act provides for the funding of health benefits for
 certain UMWA retirees. The Coal Act established the Combined
 Fund into which &#147;signatory operators&#148; and
 &#147;related persons&#148; are obligated to pay annual premiums
 for beneficiaries. This multi-employer fund provides healthcare
 benefits to a closed group of our retired former employees who
 last worked prior to 1976, as well as orphaned beneficiaries of
 bankrupt companies who were receiving benefits as orphans prior
 to the 1992 law. No new retirees will be added to this group.
 The liability is subject to increases or decreases in per capita
 healthcare costs, offset by the mortality curve in this aging
 population of beneficiaries. The Coal Act also created a second
 benefit fund, the 1992 Benefit Plan, for miners who retired
 between July 21, 1992, and September 30, 1994, and
 whose former employers are no longer in business. Beneficiaries
 continue to be added to this fund as employers default in
 providing their former employees with retiree medical benefits,
 but the overall exposure for new beneficiaries into this fund is
 limited to retirees covered under their employer&#146;s plan who
 retired prior to October 1, 1994. A third fund, the 1993
 Benefit Plan, was established through collective bargaining and
 provides benefits to qualifying former employees (who retired
 after September 30, 1994) of certain signatory
 companies who have gone out of business and have defaulted in
 providing their former employees with retiree medical benefits.
 Beneficiaries continue to be added to this fund as employers go
 out of business. The collective bargaining agreement with the
 UMWA, which specifies the payments to be made to the 1993
 Benefit Plan, expires on December 31, 2011.

 On December 20, 2006, President Bush signed the 2006 Act.
 Prior to the enactment of this new law, federal statutes
 required certain of our subsidiaries to make contributions to
 the Combined Fund and the 1992 Benefit Plan for costs of
 &#147;orphans&#148; who are retirees and their dependents of
 bankrupt companies that defaulted in providing their healthcare
 benefits. Under the 2006 Act, these orphan benefits will be the
 responsibility of the federal government on a phased-in basis.
 The legislation authorizes $490 million per year in general
 fund revenues to pay for these and other benefits under the
 bill. In addition, future interest from the federal Abandoned
 Mine Land (AML) trust fund and previous unused interest from the
 AML trust fund will be available to offset orphan retiree
 healthcare costs. Under current projections from the health
 funds, these available resources are sufficient to cover all
 anticipated costs of orphan retirees. These amounts are also in
 addition to any amounts that may be appropriated by Congress at
 its discretion. The legislation also reduces AML fees currently
 paid by us on coal production. Beginning in October 2007, those
 fees will be reduced by ten percent from current levels for five
 years, and then 20% from current levels for ten years, at which
 point the authority to collect fees will expire.

 The 2006 Act specifically amended the federal laws establishing
 the Combined Fund, the 1992 Benefit Plan and the 1993 Benefit
 Plan. The 2006 Act provides new and additional funding to all
 three programs, subject to the limitations described below. The
 2006 Act guarantees full funding of all beneficiaries in the

 79

 Table of Contents 

 Combined Fund by supplementing the annual transfers of interest
 earned on the AML trust fund. The 2006 Act further provides
 funding for the annual orphan health costs under the 1992
 Benefit Plan on a phased-in basis: 25%, 50% and 75% in the years
 2008, 2009 and 2010, respectively. Thereafter, federal funding
 will pay for 100% of the orphan health costs. The coal producers
 that signed the 1988 labor agreement, including some of our
 subsidiaries, remain responsible for the costs of the 1992
 Benefit Plan in 2007. The 2006 Act also included the 1993
 Benefit Plan as one of the statutory funds and authorizes the
 trustees of the 1993 Benefit Plan to determine the contribution
 rates through 2010 for pre-2007 beneficiaries. During calendar
 years 2008 through 2010, federal funding will pay a portion of
 the 1993 Benefit Plan&#146;s annual health costs on a phased-in
 basis; 25%, 50% and 75% in the years 2008, 2009 and 2010,
 respectively. The 1993 Benefit Plan trustees have set a
 $2.00 per hour statutory contribution rate for 2007. Under
 the 2006 Act, these new and additional federal expenditures to
 the Combined Fund, 1992 Benefit Plan, 1993 Benefit Plan and
 certain Abandoned Mine Land payments to the states and Indian
 tribes are collectively limited by an aggregate annual cap of
 $490 million as described above. To the extent that
 (i) the annual funding of the programs exceeds this amount
 (plus the amount of interest from the AML trust fund paid with
 respect to the Combined Benefit Fund), and (ii) Congress
 does not allocate additional funds to cover the shortfall,
 contributing employers and affiliates, including some of our
 subsidiaries, would be responsible for the additional costs.
 Those of our subsidiaries that have agreed to the 2007 NBCWA
 will pay $0.50 per hour worked to the 1993 Benefit Plan to
 provide benefits for post 2006 beneficiaries. To the extent the
 $0.50 per hour payment exceeds the amount needed for this
 purpose, the difference will be credited against the
 $2.00 per hour statutory payment.

 Obligations to the Combined Fund were $30.8 million and
 $38.8 million as of December 31, 2006 and
 June 30, 2007, respectively, $5.2 million and
 $5.2 million of which was a current liability for the
 respective periods. Expenses for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 were $2.5 million,
 $0.9 million and $4.9 million, respectively, and for
 the six months ended June 30, 2007 was $1.3 million.
 Cash payments to the Combined Fund were $8.3 million,
 $4.0 million and $16.6 million for 2006, 2005 and
 2004, respectively, and $2.8 million for the six months
 ended June 30, 2007. The 1992 Benefit Fund and the 1993
 Benefit Fund are expensed as payments are made and no liability
 was recorded other than amounts due and unpaid. Expense related
 to these funds was $5.7 million, $4.0 million and
 $4.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2006,
 2005 and 2004, respectively, and $7.3 million for the six
 months ended June 30, 2007.

 Legal
 Proceedings 

 From time to time, Patriot and its subsidiaries are involved in
 legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. We
 believe we have recorded adequate reserves for these liabilities
 and that there is no individual case pending, including the
 environmental matter described below, that is likely to have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
 operations or cash flows.

 One of our subsidiaries operated the Eagle No. 2 Mine
 located near Shawneetown, IL from 1969 until closure of the mine
 in July of 1993. In 1999, the State of Illinois brought a
 proceeding before the Illinois Pollution Control Board against
 our subsidiary alleging that groundwater contamination due to
 leaching from a coal waste pile at the mine site violated state
 standards. Our subsidiary has developed a remediation plan with
 the State of Illinois and is negotiating with the Illinois
 Attorney General&#146;s office with respect to their claim for a
 civil penalty of $1.3 million.

 Regulatory
 Matters 

 Federal and state authorities regulate the U.S. coal mining
 industry with respect to matters such as employee health and
 safety, permitting and licensing requirements, air quality
 standards, water pollution, plant and wildlife protection, the
 reclamation and restoration of mining properties after mining
 has been completed, the discharge of materials into the
 environment, surface subsidence from underground mining and the
 effects of mining on groundwater quality and availability. In
 addition, the industry is affected by significant legislation
 mandating certain benefits for current and retired coal miners.
 Numerous federal and state governmental permits and approvals
 are required for mining operations. We may be required to
 prepare and present to federal or state authorities data
 pertaining to the effect or impact that a proposed exploration
 for or production of coal may have on the environment. These
 requirements could prove costly and time-consuming and could

 80

 Table of Contents 

 delay commencing or continuing exploration or production
 operations. Future legislation and administrative regulations
 may emphasize the protection of the environment and, as a
 consequence, our activities may be more closely regulated. Such
 legislation and regulations, as well as future interpretations
 and more rigorous enforcement of existing laws, may require
 substantial increases in equipment and operating costs to us and
 delays, interruptions or a termination of operations, the extent
 of which we cannot predict.

 We endeavor to conduct our mining operations in compliance with
 all applicable federal and state laws and regulations. However,
 because of extensive and comprehensive regulatory requirements,
 violations during mining operations occur from time to time in
 the industry. None of the violations to date nor the monetary
 penalties assessed has been material.

 Mine
 Safety and Health 

 Our goal is to achieve excellent safety and health performance.
 We measure our progress in this area primarily through the use
 of accident frequency rates. We believe that it is our
 responsibility to our employees to provide a superior safety and
 health environment. We seek to implement this goal by: training
 employees in safe work practices; openly communicating with
 employees; establishing, following and improving safety
 standards; involving employees in the establishment of safety
 standards; and recording, reporting and investigating all
 accidents, incidents and losses to avoid reoccurrence. We will
 utilize best practices in emergency preparedness, which includes
 maintaining multiple mine rescue teams. A portion of the annual
 performance incentives for our mining personnel is tied to their
 safety record.

 Our focus on safety has resulted in 2005 and 2006 being the
 safest years in the history of these operations. We received
 multiple safety awards in 2006, including awards from the West
 Virginia Office of Miners&#146; Health, Safety and Training and
 the West Virginia Coal Association for outstanding safety
 achievement at our Federal No. 2 underground mine. Our
 training center educates our employees in safety best practices
 and reinforces our company-wide belief that productivity and
 profitability follow when safety is a cornerstone of all of our
 operations.

 Stringent health and safety standards have been in effect since
 Congress enacted the Coal Mine Health and Safety Act of 1969.
 The Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 significantly
 expanded the enforcement of safety and health standards and
 imposed safety and health standards on all aspects of mining
 operations. Congress enacted The Mine Improvement and New
 Emergency Response Act of 2006 (Miner Act) as a result of an
 increase in fatal accidents primarily at U.S. underground
 mines in 2006. Among the new requirements, each miner must have
 at least two,
 one-hour 
 Self Contained Self Rescue (SCSR) devices for their use in the
 event of an emergency (each miner had at least one SCSR device
 prior to The Miner Act) and additional caches of rescuers in the
 escape routes leading to the surface. Our evacuation training
 programs have been expanded to include more comprehensive
 training with the SCSR devices and frequent escape drills, as
 well as mine-wide simulated disaster training. The Miner Act
 also requires installation of two-way communications systems
 that allows communication between rescue workers and trapped
 miners following an accident as mine operators must have the
 ability to locate each miner&#146;s last known position
 immediately before and after a disaster occurs. Since these
 technologies are not yet available, our underground mines
 currently locate miners with existing mine communications
 telephone systems and we are working with the National Institute
 for Occupational Safety and Health and several manufacturers to
 develop new communications and location systems. We will be
 purchasing rescue chambers for trapped miners who are unable to
 use escape routes due to fires or obstructions and providing at
 least two mine rescue teams located within thirty minutes of
 each mine. See risks inherent to mining under &#147;Risk
 Factors&#148; above. Compliance with the new regulation will
 result in additional expense.

 The states in which we operate have state programs for mine
 safety and health regulation and enforcement. Collectively,
 federal and state safety and health regulation in the coal
 mining industry is perhaps the most comprehensive and pervasive
 system for protection of employee health and safety affecting
 any segment of U.S. industry. As a result of a recent
 increase in U.S. fatal accidents primarily at underground
 mines, several states including West Virginia and Kentucky have
 adopted new safety regulations. In addition, MSHA has passed
 numerous emergency regulations including emergency notification
 and response plans,

 81

 Table of Contents 

 increased fines for violations and added mine rescue coverage
 requirements. While these changes have had a significant effect
 on our operating costs, our U.S. competitors with
 underground mines are subject to the same degree of regulation.

 Black
 Lung 

 In the United States, under the Black Lung Benefits Revenue Act
 of 1977 and the Black Lung Benefits Reform Act of 1977, as
 amended in 1981, each U.S. coal mine operator must pay
 federal black lung benefits and medical expenses to claimants
 who are current and former employees and last worked for the
 operator after July 1, 1973. Coal mine operators must also
 make payments to a trust fund for the payment of benefits and
 medical expenses to claimants who last worked in the coal
 industry prior to July 1, 1973. Historically, less than 7%
 of the miners currently seeking federal black lung benefits are
 awarded these benefits. The trust fund is funded by an excise
 tax on U.S. production of up to $1.10 per ton for coal
 from underground mines and up to $0.55 per ton for
 surface-mined coal, neither amount to exceed 4.4% of the gross
 sales price.

 Environmental
 Laws 

 We are subject to various federal and state environmental laws.
 Some of these laws, discussed below, place many requirements on
 our coal mining operations. Federal and state regulations
 require regular monitoring of our mines and other facilities to
 ensure compliance.

 Surface
 Mining Control and Reclamation Act 

 SMCRA, which is administered by the Office of Surface Mining
 Reclamation and Enforcement (OSM), establishes mining,
 environmental protection and reclamation standards for all
 aspects of U.S. surface mining as well as many aspects of
 underground mining. Mine operators must obtain SMCRA permits and
 permit renewals for mining operations from the OSM. Where state
 regulatory agencies have adopted federal mining programs under
 the act, the state becomes the regulatory authority. States in
 which we have active mining operations have achieved primary
 control of enforcement through federal authorization.

 SMCRA permit provisions include requirements for coal
 prospecting; mine plan development; topsoil removal, storage and
 replacement; selective handling of overburden materials; mine
 pit backfilling and grading; protection of the hydrologic
 balance; subsidence control for underground mines; surface
 drainage control; mine drainage and mine discharge control and
 treatment; and re-vegetation.

 The U.S. mining permit application process is initiated by
 collecting baseline data to adequately characterize the
 pre-mining environmental condition of the permit area. This work
 includes surveys of cultural resources, soils, vegetation,
 wildlife, assessment of surface and ground water hydrology,
 climatology and wetlands. In conducting this work, we collect
 geologic data to define and model the soil and rock structures
 and coal that we will mine. We develop mine and reclamation
 plans by utilizing this geologic data and incorporating elements
 of the environmental data. The mine and reclamation plan
 incorporates the provisions of SMCRA, the state programs and the
 complementary environmental programs that impact coal mining.
 Also included in the permit application are documents defining
 ownership and agreements pertaining to coal, minerals, oil and
 gas, water rights, rights of way and surface land and documents
 required of the OSM&#146;s Applicant Violator System.

 Once a permit application is prepared and submitted to the
 regulatory agency, it goes through a completeness and technical
 review. Public notice of the proposed permit is given for a
 comment period before a permit can be issued. Some SMCRA mine
 permits take over a year to prepare, depending on the size and
 complexity of the mine and often take six months to two years to
 be issued. Regulatory authorities have considerable discretion
 in the timing of the permit issuance and the public has the
 right to comment on and otherwise engage in the permitting
 process, including public hearings and through intervention in
 the courts.

 Before a SMCRA permit is issued, a mine operator must submit a
 bond or other form of financial security to guarantee the
 performance of reclamation obligations. The Abandoned Mine Land
 Fund, which is part of SMCRA, requires a fee on all coal
 produced in the U.S. The proceeds are used to rehabilitate
 lands

 82

 Table of Contents 

 mined and left unreclaimed prior to August 3, 1977 and to
 pay healthcare benefit costs of orphan beneficiaries of the
 Combined Fund. The fee is $0.35 per ton for surface-mined coal
 and $0.15 per ton for underground-mined coal, effective
 through September 30, 2007. Pursuant to the 2006 Act, from
 October 1, 2007 through September 30, 2012, the fee
 will be $0.315 per ton for surface-mined coal and
 $0.135 per ton for underground-mined coal. From
 October 1, 2012 through September 30, 2021, the fee
 will be $0.28 per ton for surface-mined coal and
 $0.12 per ton for underground-mined coal.

 SMCRA stipulates compliance with many other major environmental
 programs. These programs include the Clean Air Act, the Clean
 Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA),
 CERCLA (Superfund) and employee
 right-to-know 
 provisions. Besides OSM, other Federal regulatory agencies are
 involved in monitoring or permitting specific aspects of mining
 operations. The EPA is the lead agency for states or tribes with
 no authorized programs under the Clean Water Act, RCRA and
 CERCLA. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers regulates
 activities affecting navigable waters and the U.S. Bureau
 of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms regulates the use of explosive
 blasting.

 We do not believe there are currently any substantial matters
 that pose a serious risk to maintaining our existing mining
 permits or that significantly hinder our ability to acquire
 future mining permits.

 Clean
 Air Act 

 The Clean Air Act and the corresponding state laws that regulate
 the emissions of materials into the air affect U.S. coal
 mining operations both directly and indirectly. Direct impacts
 on coal mining and processing operations may occur through Clean
 Air Act permitting requirements
 and/or 
 emission control requirements relating to particulate matter.
 The Clean Air Act indirectly, but more significantly, affects
 the coal industry by extensively regulating the air emissions of
 sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, mercury and other compounds
 emitted by coal-based electricity generating plants.

 The EPA promulgated CAIR and CAMR in March 2005. CAIR requires
 reduction of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions from
 electricity generating plants in 28 states and the District
 of Columbia. Substantial reductions in such emissions were
 already made in 1995 and 2000 under requirements of
 Title IV of the Clean Air Act. Once fully implemented over
 two rounds in
 2009-2010 
 and 2015, CAIR is projected to reduce sulfur dioxide from power
 plants by approximately 73% and nitrogen oxide emissions by
 approximately 61% from 2003 levels. CAMR permanently caps and
 reduces nationwide mercury emissions from coal-fired power
 plants. When fully implemented in 2018, the rule as promulgated
 will reduce mercury emissions by nearly 70% according to the
 EPA. CAMR establishes standards of performance limiting mercury
 emissions from new and existing power plants and creates a
 cap-and-trade 
 program, which will reduce emissions in two phases. Some states
 have adopted rules that are more stringent than the federal
 program and other states are considering such rules.
 Implementation of CAIR, CAMR and related state rules could cause
 our customers to switch to other fuels to the extent it becomes
 economically preferable for them to do so. Both CAIR and CAMR
 are currently under review in court on a number of grounds,
 including the assertion that the regulations are insufficiently
 stringent.

 In recent years Congress has considered legislation that would
 require reductions in emissions of sulfur dioxide, nitrogen
 oxide and mercury, greater and sooner than those required by
 CAIR and CAMR, along with reductions in carbon dioxide and other
 greenhouse gases. No such legislation has passed either house of
 Congress. If enacted into law, such legislation could impact the
 amount of coal supplied to electricity generating customers if
 they decide to switch to other sources of fuel whose use would
 result in lower emissions of sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide,
 mercury and carbon dioxide.

 In September 2006, the EPA promulgated new National Ambient Air
 Quality Standards revising and updating the particulate matter
 standards issued in July 1997. The new regulations made the
 24-hour 
 standard for very fine particulate matter (PM2.5) more stringent
 but left the annual PM2.5 standard unchanged. They also left the
 24-hour 
 standard for PM10 (particulate matter equal to 10 microns or
 more) unchanged and terminated the annual PM10 standard. The
 change to the
 24-hour 
 PM2.5 standard is expected to affect the use of coal for
 electric generation, but we believe that effect cannot be
 quantified at this time. Lawsuits seeking to compel the EPA to
 adopt more stringent standards both for PM2.5 and PM10 have been
 filed and are pending

 83

 Table of Contents 

 in court. We believe the outcome of those lawsuits cannot be
 reliably predicted at this time. Under the rule as currently
 promulgated, some states will be required to change their
 existing implementation plans to attain and maintain compliance
 with the new air quality standards. Our mining operations and
 electricity generating customers are likely to be directly
 affected when the revisions to the air quality standards are
 implemented by the states. Such implementation could also
 restrict our ability to develop new mines or require us to
 modify our existing operations.

 The Justice Department, on behalf of the EPA, has filed a number
 of lawsuits since November 1999, alleging that a number of
 electricity generators violated the new source review provisions
 of the Clean Air Act Amendments (NSR) at power plants in the
 midwestern and southern United States. Some electricity
 generators announced settlements with the Justice Department
 requiring the installation of additional control equipment on
 selected generating units. If the remaining electricity
 generators are found to be in violation, they could be subject
 to civil penalties and could be required to install the required
 control equipment or cease operations. In April 2007, the
 U.S. Supreme Court ruled, in Environmental
 Defense v. Duke Energy Corp. , against a generator in an
 enforcement proceeding, reversing the decision of the appellate
 court. This decision could potentially expose numerous
 electricity generators to government or citizen actions based on
 failure to obtain NSR permits for changes to emissions sources
 and effectively increase the costs to them of continuing to use
 coal. Our customers are among the electricity generators subject
 to enforcement actions and if found not to be in compliance, our
 customers could be required to install additional control
 equipment at the affected plants or they could decide to close
 some or all of those plants. If our customers decide to install
 additional pollution control equipment at the affected plants,
 we believe we will have the ability to supply coal from either
 of the regions in which we operate to meet any new coal
 requirements.

 The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in April 2007 in a case
 concerning the scope of the EPA&#146;s authority to regulate
 carbon dioxide emissions as a &#147;pollutant&#148; under the
 Clean Air Act. The decision, Massachusetts v. EPA ,
 ruled in the context of a petition to require the EPA to issue
 regulations prescribing standards for carbon dioxide from new
 motor vehicles, that the EPA does have such authority, and that
 the EPA&#146;s rejection of the petition was based on
 impermissible considerations. While the decision removes several
 major arguments the EPA had used to decline to regulate carbon
 dioxide emissions, it remains difficult to predict whether the
 EPA will issue carbon dioxide regulations and, if so, when the
 EPA will do so and the character of those regulations.

 Clean
 Water Act 

 The Clean Water Act affects U.S. coal mining operations by
 requiring effluent limitations and treatment standards for
 wastewater discharge through the National Pollutant Discharge
 Elimination System (NPDES). Regular monitoring, reporting
 requirements and performance standards are requirements of NPDES
 permits that govern the discharge of pollutants into water.

 States are empowered to develop and enforce &#147;in
 stream&#148; water quality standards. These standards are
 subject to change and must be approved by the EPA. Discharges
 must either meet state water quality standards or be authorized
 through available regulatory processes such as alternate
 standards or variances. &#147;In stream&#148; standards vary
 from state to state. Additionally, through the Clean Water Act
 section 401 certification program, states have approval
 authority over federal permits or licenses that might result in
 a discharge to their waters. States consider whether the
 activity will comply with its water quality standards and other
 applicable requirements in deciding whether or not to certify
 the activity.

 Section 404 under the Clean Water Act requires mining
 companies to obtain U.S. Army Corps of Engineers permits to
 place material in streams for the purpose of creating slurry
 ponds, water impoundments, refuse areas, valley fills or other
 mining activities. These permits have been the subject of
 multiple recent court cases, the results of which may increase
 our permitting and operating costs, result in permitting delays,
 suspend current operations or prevent the opening of new mines.

 Total Maximum Daily Load (TMDL) regulations established a
 process by which states designate stream segments as impaired
 (not meeting present water quality standards). Industrial
 dischargers, including coal mining operations, may be required
 to meet new TMDL effluent standards for these stream segments.
 States are also adopting anti-degradation regulations in which a
 state designates certain water bodies or streams as

 84

 Table of Contents 

 &#147;high quality/exceptional use.&#148; These regulations
 would restrict the diminution of water quality in these streams.
 Waters discharged from coal mines to high quality/exceptional
 use streams may be required to meet additional conditions or
 provide additional demonstrations
 and/or 
 justification. In general, these Clean Water Act requirements
 could result in higher water treatment and permitting costs or
 permit delays, which could adversely affect our coal production
 costs or efforts.

 Resource
 Conservation and Recovery Act 

 RCRA, which was enacted in 1976, affects U.S. coal mining
 operations by establishing comprehensive requirements for the
 treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous wastes. Typically,
 the only hazardous materials found on a mine site are those
 contained in products used in vehicles and for machinery
 maintenance. Coal mine wastes, such as overburden and coal
 cleaning wastes, are not considered hazardous waste materials
 under RCRA.

 Subtitle C of RCRA exempted fossil fuel combustion wastes from
 hazardous waste regulation until the EPA completed a report to
 Congress and made a determination on whether the wastes should
 be regulated as hazardous. In a 1993 regulatory determination,
 the EPA addressed some high volume-low toxicity coal combustion
 materials generated at electric utility and independent power
 producing facilities. In May 2000, the EPA concluded that coal
 combustion materials do not warrant regulation as hazardous
 under RCRA. The EPA is retaining the hazardous waste exemption
 for these materials. The EPA is evaluating national
 non-hazardous waste guidelines for coal combustion materials
 placed at a mine. National guidelines for mine-fills may affect
 the cost of ash placement at mines.

 CERCLA
 (Superfund) 

 CERCLA affects U.S. coal mining and hard rock operations by
 creating liability for investigation and remediation in response
 to releases of hazardous substances into the environment and for
 damages to natural resources. Under Superfund, joint and several
 liabilities may be imposed on waste generators, site owners or
 operators and others regardless of fault. Under the EPA&#146;s
 Toxic Release Inventory process, companies are required annually
 to report the use, manufacture or processing of listed toxic
 materials that exceed defined thresholds, including chemicals
 used in equipment maintenance, reclamation, water treatment and
 ash received for mine placement from power generation customers.

 Global
 Climate Change 

 Global climate change continues to attract considerable public
 and scientific attention. Widely publicized scientific reports
 in 2007, such as the Fourth Assessment Report of the
 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, have also engendered
 widespread concern about the impacts of human activity,
 especially fossil fuel combustion, on global climate change. In
 turn, considerable and increasing government attention in the
 United States is being paid to global climate change and to
 reducing greenhouse gas emissions, particularly from coal
 combustion by power plants. Legislation was introduced in
 Congress in 2006 and 2007 to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in
 the United States, and additional legislation is likely to be
 introduced in the future. In addition, a growing number of
 states in the United States are taking steps to regulate
 greenhouse gas emissions, including reductions on carbon dioxide
 emissions from power plants. The U.S. Supreme Court&#146;s
 recent decision in Massachusetts v. Environmental
 Protection Agency ruled that the EPA improperly declined to
 address carbon dioxide impacts on climate change in a recent
 rulemaking. Although the specific rulemaking related to new
 motor vehicles, the reasoning of the decision could affect other
 federal regulatory programs, including those that directly
 relate to coal use. Enactment of laws and passage of regulations
 regarding greenhouse gas emissions by the United States or some
 of its states, or other actions to limit carbon dioxide
 emissions, could result in electric generators switching from
 coal to other fuel sources.

 85

 Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT 

 Executive
 Officers 

 Set forth below is information concerning those persons that
 will serve as executive officers (and, in certain cases,
 directors) of Patriot immediately following the distribution
 date.

 Name 

 Age 

 Positions 

 Richard M. Whiting

 53

 President, Chief Executive
 Officer &#038; Director

 Mark N. Schroeder

 50

 Senior Vice President &#038;
 Chief Financial Officer

 Jiri Nemec

 50

 Senior Vice President &#038;
 Chief Operating Officer

 Charles A. Ebetino, Jr. 

 54

 Senior Vice President &#151;
 Corporate Development

 Joseph W. Bean

 45

 Senior Vice President, General
 Counsel &#038; Corporate Secretary

 Michael V. Altrudo

 59

 Senior Vice President &#038;
 Chief Marketing Officer

 Sara E. Wade

 37

 Senior Vice President &#151;
 Human Resources

 Richard
 M. Whiting 
 President &#038; Chief Executive Officer 

 Richard M. Whiting, age 53, will serve as
 President &#038; Chief Executive Officer and as a director
 of Patriot following the spin-off.

 Whiting joined Peabody&#146;s predecessor company in 1976 and
 has held a number of operations, sales and engineering positions
 both at the corporate offices and at field locations. Prior to
 the spin-off, Mr. Whiting was Peabody&#146;s Executive Vice
 President &#038; Chief Marketing Officer from May 2006 to
 2007, with responsibility for all marketing, sales and coal
 trading operations, as well as Peabody&#146;s joint venture
 relationships. He previously served as President &#038;
 Chief Operating Officer and as a director of Peabody from 1998
 to 2002. He also served as Executive Vice President &#151;
 Sales, Marketing &#038; Trading from 2002 to 2006, and as
 President of Peabody COALSALES Company from 1992 to 1998.

 Whiting is the former Chairman of NMA&#146;s Safety and Health
 Committee, the former Chairman of the Bituminous Coal
 Operators&#146; Association, and a past board member of the
 National Coal Council. He is currently a director of the Society
 of Mining Engineers Foundation.

 Whiting holds a Bachelor of Science degree in mining engineering
 from West Virginia University.

 Mark N.
 Schroeder 
 Senior Vice President &#038; Chief Financial
 Officer 

 Mark N. Schroeder, age 50, will serve as Senior Vice
 President &#038; Chief Financial Officer of Patriot
 following the spin-off.

 Schroeder has held several key management positions since
 joining Peabody in 2000, including President of Peabody China
 (since 2006), Vice President of Materials Management (2004 to
 2006), Vice President of Business Development (2002 to
 2004) and Vice President and Controller (2000 to 2002). He
 has more than 27 years of business experience, including as
 Chief Financial Officer of Behlmann Automotive Group (1997 to
 1998), Chief Financial Officer of Franklin Equity Leasing
 Company (from 1998 to 2000) and financial management
 positions with McDonnell Douglas Corporation and
 Ernst &#038; Young, LLP.

 Schroeder is a certified public accountant and holds a Bachelor
 of Science degree in business administration from Southern
 Illinois University &#151; Edwardsville.

 86

 Table of Contents 

 Jiri
 Nemec 
 Senior Vice President &#038; Chief Operating
 Officer 

 Jiri Nemec, age 50, will serve as Senior Vice
 President &#038; Chief Operating Officer of Patriot
 following the spin-off.

 Nemec, a
 20-year 
 Peabody veteran, has extensive experience with Peabody&#146;s
 eastern U.S. operations. Prior to the spin-off, Nemec was
 Group Vice President for Peabody&#146;s U.S. Eastern
 Operations from 2005 to 2007. Nemec also served as Group
 Executive for Appalachian Operations from 2001 to 2005 and Group
 Executive for Midwest Operations from 1999 to 2001.

 Other previous positions with Peabody include Group Executive
 for Northern Appalachian Operations and Operations Manager for
 the Federal No. 2 Operating Unit.

 Nemec holds a Bachelor of Science degree in mining engineering
 from Pennsylvania State University and a Master of Business
 Administration degree from Washington University in
 St. Louis. He also holds professional engineering
 certifications in West Virginia and Pennsylvania.

 Charles
 A. Ebetino, Jr. 
 Senior Vice President &#151; Corporate
 Development 

 Charles A. Ebetino, Jr., age 54, will serve as Senior
 Vice President &#151; Corporate Development of Patriot
 following the spin-off.

 Prior to the spin-off, Ebetino was Senior Vice
 President &#151; Business and Resource Development for
 Peabody since May 2006. Ebetino also served as Senior Vice
 President &#151; Market Development for Peabody&#146;s
 sales and marketing subsidiary from 2003 to 2006. Ebetino joined
 Peabody in 2003 after more than two decades with American
 Electric Power Company, Inc. (AEP) where he served in a number
 of management roles in the fuel procurement and supply group,
 including Senior Vice President of fuel supply and
 President &#038; Chief Operating Officer of AEP&#146;s coal
 mining and coal-related subsidiaries from 1993 until 2002. In
 2002, he formed Arlington Consulting Group, Ltd., an energy
 industry consulting firm.

 Ebetino is a past board member of NMA, former Chairman of the
 NMA Environmental Committee, a former Chairman and Vice Chairman
 of the Edison Electric Institute&#146;s Power Generation Subject
 Area Committee, a former Chairman of the Inland Waterway Users
 Board, and a past board member and president of the Western Coal
 Transportation Association.

 Ebetino has a Bachelor of Science degree in civil engineering
 from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. He also attended the New
 York University School of Business for graduate study in finance.

 Joseph W.
 Bean 
 Senior Vice President, General Counsel &#038; Corporate
 Secretary 

 Joseph W. Bean, age 45, will serve as Senior Vice
 President, General Counsel &#038; Corporate Secretary
 following the spin-off.

 Since joining Peabody in 2001, Bean has served as Vice
 President &#038; Associate General Counsel and Assistant
 Secretary (2005 to 2007) and as Senior Counsel (2001 to
 2005). During his tenure at Peabody, Bean has directed the
 company&#146;s legal and compliance activities related to
 mergers and acquisitions, corporate governance, corporate
 finance and securities matters.

 Bean has 20 years of corporate law experience, including
 16 years as in-house legal counsel. Bean was counsel and
 assistant corporate secretary for The Quaker Oats Company prior
 to its acquisition by PepsiCo in 2001 and assistant general
 counsel for Pet Incorporated prior to its 1995 acquisition by
 Pillsbury. Bean also served as a corporate law associate with
 the law firms of Mayer, Brown &#038; Platt in Chicago and
 Thompson &#038; Mitchell in St. Louis.

 Bean holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of
 Illinois and a Juris Doctorate from Northwestern University
 School of Law.

 87

 Table of Contents 

 Michael
 V. Altrudo 
 Senior Vice President &#038; Chief Marketing
 Officer 

 Michael V. Altrudo, age 59, will serve as Senior Vice
 President &#038; Chief Marketing Officer of Patriot
 following the spin-off.

 Since 2005, Altrudo has served as marketing advisor to
 Peabody&#146;s COALTRADE International subsidiary, with
 executive advisory responsibilities for its international sales,
 marketing, trading and brokerage activities. Altrudo previously
 served as President of Peabody COALTRADE International (2004 to
 2005), Senior Vice President, International Sales &#038;
 Trading, for Peabody COALSALES Company (2004) and Senior
 Vice President of Sales &#038; Marketing for Appalachia
 (1999 to 2004). Mr. Altrudo has 27 years of coal
 industry experience, including sales, marketing, trading and
 brokerage in the Appalachian steam coal markets as well as sales
 and purchase of Appalachian metallurgical coal. He has extensive
 sales experience in both utility and industrial markets. Prior
 to joining Peabody in 1999, Altrudo held executive level sales
 and marketing positions with Zeigler Coal Holding Company,
 Drummond Company, Nerco Coal Company and Derby Coal Company.

 Altrudo holds a Bachelor of Science degree in finance from
 Duquesne University.

 Sara E.
 Wade 
 Senior Vice President &#151; Human Resources 

 Sara E. Wade, age 37, will serve as Senior Vice
 President &#151; Human Resources of Patriot following the
 spin-off.

 Wade joined Peabody in 1995, where she has served in a number of
 management roles, including Vice President &#151;
 Compensation &#038; Employee Services (since May 2006),
 Director of Compensation and Employee Relations (2004 to 2006),
 Director of Compensation (2003 to 2004) and Manager of
 Compensation (2000 to 2003). Prior to 2000, Wade also served as
 Manager of Financial Reporting in Peabody&#146;s finance and
 accounting area. During her tenure at Peabody, Wade has directed
 the development and implementation of the company&#146;s
 compensation and incentive plans as well as the execution of the
 recruiting strategies for the company&#146;s workforce of the
 future. Prior to joining Peabody, Wade held positions with KPMG
 Peat Martwick.

 Wade holds a Bachelor of Science degree in accountancy from the
 University of Illinois and a Master of Business Administration
 degree from Washington University in St. Louis.

 Board of
 Directors 

 After the spin-off, we expect that Patriot&#146;s Board of
 Directors will consist of seven members. We expect to have at
 least two independent directors at the spin-off, and will add
 additional independent directors as required by the transition
 provision of the independence requirements of the NYSE. Our
 directors will be divided into three classes. Approximately
 one-third will be Class I directors, with terms expiring at
 the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2008;
 approximately one-third will be Class II directors with
 terms expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held
 in 2009; and approximately one-third will be Class III
 directors with terms expiring at the annual meeting of
 stockholders to be held in 2010. Commencing with the annual
 meeting of stockholders to be held in 2008, directors for each
 class will be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders held
 in the year in which the term for that class expires, and
 thereafter will serve for a term of three years. Each director
 will hold office, in accordance with the Amended and Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of Patriot, until the
 next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her
 successor is duly elected and qualified.

 As of the date hereof, Richard M. Whiting and Mark N. Schroeder
 are directors of Patriot. We expect that Mr. Whiting will
 continue as a director of Patriot and that additional directors
 will be appointed on or after the spin-off date.

 88

 Table of Contents 

 Director
 Independence 

 Following the spin-off, Patriot&#146;s Corporate Governance
 Guidelines will provide that a majority of Patriot directors
 must be independent under criteria established by the NYSE. In
 order for a director to be considered &#147;independent,&#148;
 the Board must affirmatively determine that the director has no
 material relationship with Patriot (either directly or as a
 partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a
 relationship with Patriot). In each case, the Board considers
 all relevant facts and circumstances. We expect to designate
 directors such that a majority of our directors will be
 independent, in accordance with our Corporate Governance
 Guidelines and the rules of the NYSE and other applicable laws.

 Committees
 of the Board of Directors 

 Patriot&#146;s Board of Directors will establish the following
 four standing committees to assist it with its responsibilities:
 Audit, Compensation, Nominating &#038; Governance and
 Executive. All members of the Audit, Compensation and
 Nominating &#038; Governance Committees will meet the
 criteria for independence as established by the NYSE and under
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, although immediately after the
 spin-off fewer than all such directors may be independent in
 reliance on the NYSE&#146;s and the SEC&#146;s transition rules
 for newly public companies. Each of the Committees is described
 in greater detail below. The Board will establish written
 charters for each of the Committees, which will be available on
 Patriot&#146;s web site located at www.patriotcoal.com following
 the spin-off. Following the spin-off, any changes to the
 charters will be reflected on Patriot&#146;s website.

 Audit
 Committee 

 We expect to designate members of our Audit Committee on or
 prior to the spin-off. The purpose of the Audit Committee will
 be to assist the Board of Directors in overseeing (i) the
 quality and integrity of Patriot&#146;s financial statements and
 financial reporting processes, (ii) Patriot&#146;s systems
 of internal accounting and financial controls and disclosure
 controls, (iii) the independent auditor&#146;s
 qualifications and independence, (iv) the performance of
 Patriot&#146;s internal audit function and independent auditor,
 and (v) compliance with legal and regulatory requirements,
 and codes of conduct and ethics programs established by
 Patriot&#146;s management and Board. The charter of the Audit
 Committee will require that the Committee be comprised of at
 least three directors, all of whom must be independent under the
 NYSE rules and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In addition, each
 member of the Audit Committee will be financially literate
 within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards, and at least
 one member will be an &#147;audit committee financial
 expert,&#148; as determined by the Board in accordance with SEC
 rules.

 Compensation
 Committee 

 We expect to designate members of our Compensation Committee on
 or prior to the spin-off. The purpose of the Compensation
 Committee will be to review the performance and compensation of
 Patriot&#146;s senior executives, including the CEO. The
 Compensation Committee will also administer Patriot&#146;s
 annual and long-term incentive plans and programs and provide
 oversight with respect to succession planning and management
 development matters. In addition, the Compensation Committee
 will review and make recommendations regarding compensation
 disclosures to be included in Patriot&#146;s SEC filings.

 Nominating &#038;
 Governance Committee 

 We expect to designate members of our Nominating &#038;
 Governance Committee on or prior to the spin-off. The purpose of
 the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will be to
 (i) identify, evaluate and recommend qualified candidates
 for election to our Board of Directors, (ii) advise our
 Board on matters related to corporate governance and corporate
 social responsibility, (iii) assist the Board in conducting
 its annual assessment of performance of the Board,
 (iv) recommend the structure, composition and
 responsibilities of committees of the Board, and
 (v) oversee Patriot&#146;s director orientation and
 continuing education and development programs.

 89

 Table of Contents 

 Executive
 Committee 

 The chairman of the Executive Committee will be Richard M.
 Whiting and we expect to designate the other members of the
 Executive Committee on or prior to the spin-off. When the Board
 of Directors is not in session, the Executive Committee will
 have all of the power and authority as delegated by our Board,
 except with respect to: (i) amending Patriot&#146;s
 certificate of incorporation and bylaws, (ii) adopting an
 agreement of merger or consolidation, (iii) recommending
 certain transactions involving all or substantially all of
 Patriot&#146;s property and assets, (iv) declaring
 dividends and issuing stock and (v) appointing members of
 committees of the Board.

 CORPORATE
 GOVERNANCE 

 Governance
 Practices 

 Following the spin-off, Patriot will initially continue to
 observe corporate governance practices and principal governance
 documents substantially the same as those adopted by Peabody.
 Patriot&#146;s principal governance documents will be as follows:

 &#149; 

 Corporate Governance Guidelines

 &#149; 

 Board of Directors committee charters, including:

 - 

 Audit Committee charter;

 - 

 Compensation Committee charter;

 - 

 Nominating &#038; Governance Committee charter; and

 - 

 Executive Committee charter

 &#149; 

 Code of Business Conduct &#038; Ethics

 &#149; 

 Related Party Transaction Policy

 Patriot&#146;s governance documents will be available following
 the distribution date on Patriot&#146;s website at
 http://www.patriotcoal.com .

 Our Board of Directors, with assistance from its
 Nominating &#038; Governance Committee, will regularly
 assess Patriot&#146;s governance practices in light of legal
 requirements and governance best practices.

 Executive
 Director Sessions 

 Under Patriot&#146;s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the
 outside directors will meet in regularly scheduled executive
 sessions without management. We expect that the Chair of the
 Nominating &#038; Governance Committee will be the
 presiding director at these meetings.

 Communications
 with the Board of Directors 

 After the spin-off, stockholders and other interested persons
 seeking to communicate with the Board of Directors should submit
 their written comments to Patriot&#146;s Chairman at our
 principal executive offices set forth on page 6. The
 Chairman will forward these communications to each member of the
 Board. If a stockholder communication is addressed to a specific
 individual director or committee chair, the Chairman will
 forward that communication to the named director, and will
 discuss with that director whether the full Board
 and/or one
 of its committees should address the subject matter.

 If a stockholder communication raises concerns about the ethical
 conduct of management or Patriot, it should be sent directly to
 Patriot&#146;s Corporate Secretary at our principal executive
 offices set forth on page 6. The Corporate Secretary will
 promptly forward a copy of such communication to the Chairman of
 the Audit Committee and, if appropriate Patriot&#146;s Chairman,
 and take such actions as they authorize to ensure that the
 subject matter is addressed by the appropriate committee of the
 Board, by management
 and/or by
 the full Board.

 90

 Table of Contents 

 If a stockholder or other interested person seeks to communicate
 exclusively with Patriot&#146;s non-management directors, such
 communications should be sent directly to the Corporate
 Secretary who will forward any such communications directly to
 the Chair of the Nominating &#038; Governance Committee.

 At the direction of the Board, Patriot reserves the right to
 screen all materials sent to its directors for potential
 security risks, harassment purposes or routine solicitations.

 Director
 Nominating Process 

 The Nominating &#038; Governance Committee will be
 responsible for identifying, evaluating and recommending
 qualified candidates to the Board of Directors for membership.
 In formulating its recommendations, the Nominating &#038;
 Governance Committee will consider recommendations submitted by
 stockholders. Any stockholder wishing to submit a candidate for
 consideration should send the following information
 by 
 to Patriot&#146;s Corporate Secretary at our principal executive
 offices set forth on page 6:

 &#149; 

 Stockholder&#146;s name, number of shares owned, length of
 period held, and proof of ownership;

 &#149; 

 Name, age and address of candidate;

 &#149; 

 A detailed resume describing among other things the
 candidate&#146;s educational background, occupation, employment
 history, and material outside commitments ( e.g. ,
 memberships on other boards and committees, charitable
 foundations, etc.);

 &#149; 

 A supporting statement which describes the candidate&#146;s
 reasons for seeking election to our Board, and documents
 his/her 
 ability to satisfy the director qualifications described below;

 &#149; 

 A description of any arrangements or understandings between the
 stockholder and the candidate; and

 &#149; 

 A signed statement from the candidate, confirming
 his/her 
 willingness to serve on our Board.

 The Nominating &#038; Governance Committee will consider
 candidates submitted by a variety of sources (including, without
 limitation, members of the Board and management, stockholders
 and professional search firms) when filling vacancies
 and/or 
 expanding the Board. The Nominating &#038; Governance
 Committee will seek to identify and recruit the best available
 candidates, and will evaluate qualified stockholder candidates
 on the same basis as those submitted by members of the Board,
 management or other sources.

 Director
 Qualifications 

 General criteria for the nomination of director candidates
 include experience and successful track record, integrity,
 skills, diversity, ability to make analytical inquiries,
 understanding of our business environment, and willingness to
 devote adequate time to director duties, all in the context of
 the perceived needs of the Board at that point in time.

 Code of
 Business Conduct &#038; Ethics 

 Prior to the distribution date, Patriot will adopt a Code of
 Business Conduct &#038; Ethics which will apply to
 Patriot&#146;s directors, Chief Executive Officer, Chief
 Financial Officer, Controller and other Patriot employees. The
 Code of Business Conduct &#038; Ethics will be available
 free of charge through the &#147;Governance&#148; portion of
 Patriot&#146;s website at www.patriotcoal.com, or by writing to
 the attention of Investor Relations at our principal executive
 offices set forth on page 6.

 DIRECTOR
 COMPENSATION 

 We expect that each outside director will receive an annual cash
 retainer of $60,000 and annual equity compensation valued at
 $65,000, awarded in the form of deferred stock units. New
 directors will also receive an initial deferred stock unit award
 valued at $75,000 upon joining our Board of Directors. Deferred
 stock unit awards will vest on the first anniversary of the
 grant date and will be distributed in common shares three years
 after grant. In the event of a change of control of Patriot (as
 defined in Patriot&#146;s Long-Term Equity Incentive

 91

 Table of Contents 

 Plan), all restrictions related to the deferred stock units
 will lapse. The deferred stock units will provide for vesting in
 the event of death or disability or termination of service
 without cause with the consent of our Board of Directors.

 Members of various committees of our Board of Directors will
 receive the following additional compensation:

 &#149; 

 The Audit Committee Chairperson will receive an annual $15,000
 retainer, and other Audit Committee members will receive annual
 $5,000 cash retainers.

 &#149; 

 Chairpersons of the Nominating &#038; Governance and
 Compensation Committees will receive annual $10,000 cash
 retainers.

 &#149; 

 Directors who serve on more than one committee will receive an
 additional annual $10,000 cash retainer.

 Patriot will pay the travel and accommodation expenses of its
 directors to attend meetings and other corporate functions.

 We expect that Patriot will enter into indemnification
 agreements with each of our directors. Consistent with the
 indemnification rights that will be provided to directors under
 Patriot&#146;s amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation, Patriot will indemnify and hold harmless each
 director to the fullest extent permitted or authorized by the
 General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware in effect on
 the date of the agreement or as such laws may be amended or
 replaced to increase the extent to which a corporation may
 indemnify its directors.

 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

 Relationship
 with Peabody 

 Upon completion of the spin-off, Patriot will have in place an
 employee matters agreement with Peabody covering a number of
 compensation and benefits matters relating to our employees. In
 general, Patriot&#146;s employees currently participate in
 various Peabody incentive compensation, retirement, welfare and
 other employee benefit plans. Following the spin-off, it is
 anticipated that our employees generally will participate in
 similar plans and programs to be established and maintained by
 Patriot.

 Compensation
 of our Named Executive Officers 

 We have identified Richard M. Whiting, Mark N. Schroeder, Jiri
 Nemec, Charles A. Ebetino, Jr. and Joseph W. Bean as our
 named executive officers based on our expectations of which
 executive officers will be among the five most highly
 compensated executive officers after the spin-off. However, our
 named executive officers may change based on performance and
 final compensation decisions. We have not disclosed historical
 information with respect to our named executive officers, since
 we do not believe such disclosure would accurately reflect the
 compensation plans and philosophies that we intend to implement
 as a separate publicly-traded company. While each of our
 executive officers will be employed by Peabody prior to the
 spin-off, their executive roles and compensation structures with
 Patriot will differ in many respects from their most recent
 positions with Peabody. We have adopted and will continue to
 develop our own compensation plans and programs and anticipate
 that each of our executive officers will be covered by these
 programs following the spin-off. A more detailed description of
 our compensation programs can be found below under the heading
 &#147;Compensation Discussion and Analysis.&#148; In addition,
 for a description of our employment agreements with our
 executive officers, see &#147;Employment Agreements&#148; below.

 92

 Table of Contents 

 Compensation
 Discussion and Analysis 

 The following is a discussion of the executive compensation
 programs to be adopted by Patriot in connection with the
 spin-off.

 &#149; 

 Patriot&#146;s executive compensation plans and agreements have
 been reviewed and approved by Peabody&#146;s Compensation
 Committee.

 &#149; 

 Certain of the executive compensation plans also will have been
 approved prior to the spin-off by Peabody, as Patriot&#146;s
 sole stockholder.

 &#149; 

 Following the spin-off, Patriot&#146;s executive compensation
 plans will be administered by Patriot&#146;s Compensation
 Committee, which will be formed on or prior to the distribution
 date.

 In anticipation of the spin-off, Peabody&#146;s Compensation
 Committee engaged Mercer Human Resource Consulting, an
 independent outside compensation consultant, to provide guidance
 with respect to the development and implementation of
 Patriot&#146;s compensation programs. Following the spin-off,
 these matters will fall within the responsibility of
 Patriot&#146;s Compensation Committee, as described below. Under
 its charter, the Compensation Committee will have authority to
 engage the services of outside advisors, experts and others to
 assist the Compensation Committee in fulfilling these duties.

 Patriot&#146;s Board of Directors will establish a Compensation
 Committee on or prior to the spin-off with responsibility for
 evaluating the performance and compensation of our executives.
 We intend that the Compensation Committee will be comprised
 entirely of independent directors on or prior to the date
 required by the NYSE transition rules for newly public
 companies. This Compensation Committee will have overall
 responsibility for monitoring the performance of Patriot&#146;s
 executives and evaluating and approving our executive
 compensation plans, policies and programs. The Compensation
 Committee will also review and approve any company-wide benefit
 plans. In addition, the Compensation Committee will oversee
 Patriot&#146;s annual and long-term incentive plans and programs
 and will periodically assess the director compensation program.

 Executive
 Compensation Program Objectives 

 The objectives of Patriot&#146;s executive compensation program
 following the spin-off will be to attract, retain and motivate
 key executives to enhance long-term profitability and
 stockholder value. It is anticipated that compensation programs
 will be designed to align incentives for executives with
 achievement of Patriot&#146;s business strategies, including:

 &#149; 

 Maximizing operational excellence in the areas of safety,
 productivity and cost management and environmental stewardship;

 &#149; 

 Capitalizing on organic growth opportunities as well as
 value-enhancing acquisitions and joint ventures; and

 &#149; 

 Maximizing profitability and customer satisfaction by taking
 advantage of our diverse products and sourcing capabilities.

 The goals of our executive compensation program are to:

 &#149; 

 Provide competitive compensation based on the position and
 responsibility by using market data to successfully attract and
 retain highly-qualified executives with the leadership skills
 and experience necessary for our long-term success;

 &#149; 

 Provide incentive compensation that places a strong emphasis on
 financial performance with the flexibility to assess operational
 and individual performance; and

 &#149; 

 Provide an appropriate link between compensation and the
 creation of stockholder value through awards tied to our
 long-term performance and share price appreciation.

 93

 Table of Contents 

 With these objectives in mind, the Compensation Committee of
 Peabody&#146;s Board has approved a compensation structure for
 our executive officers that will incorporate four key
 components: base salary; an annual incentive plan; long-term
 incentive compensation consisting of restricted stock, stock
 options and restricted stock units; and retirement and other
 benefits. The objectives of each component are outlined below:

 &#149; 

 Annual Base Salaries. Appropriately
 remunerative base salary levels are critical in allowing us to
 attract and retain senior management employees to manage our
 transition as a separate publicly-traded company and to manage
 our operations with a view toward our long-term success.

 &#149; 

 Annual Incentive Awards. The aim of this
 component of the compensation program is to reward financial,
 safety, group and individual performance, as measured against
 pre-established goals.

 &#149; 

 Long-Term Incentive Awards. The long-term
 component of our executive compensation program is expected to
 consist of annual grants of equity-based awards, which are
 designed to align the interests of our named executive officers
 with those of our stockholders by motivating these officers to
 manage Patriot in a manner that fosters long-term performance,
 as reflected in stock price appreciation, increased stockholder
 value and achievement of financial objectives. We also believe
 these long-term incentives are essential to promote executive
 retention. Since we do not intend to maintain a defined benefit
 pension plan, the grant of long-term incentive awards will be
 our primary means for rewarding executive longevity and
 achievement of long-term strategic objectives.

 &#149; 

 Retirement and other Benefits. In order to
 attract and retain executive talent, we intend to provide a
 defined contribution plan with matching company contributions,
 health and welfare plans and other benefits that we believe are
 competitive within the industry.

 Benchmarking
 Process 

 In developing Patriot&#146;s executive compensation programs,
 Peabody&#146;s Compensation Committee commissioned a
 compensation analysis conducted by its independent compensation
 consultant to ensure that Patriot&#146;s programs are
 competitive with those of other publicly held companies of
 similar size and in similar industries. For positions that
 require specific industry knowledge and experience,
 Peabody&#146;s Compensation Committee used both a mining
 comparator group and Mercer&#146;s general industry database for
 benchmarking purposes. This helps to ensure that Patriot&#146;s
 executive compensation levels are competitive relative to the
 companies with which Patriot competes for industry-specific
 talent. The mining comparator group is composed of Peabody
 Energy Corporation, CONSOL Energy, Inc., Arch Coal, Inc., Massey
 Energy Company, Alpha Natural Resources, Inc., Foundation Coal
 Holdings, Inc., International Coal Group, Inc., James River Coal
 Company, and Westmoreland Coal Company. Talent for other key
 roles in the organization can be acquired across a broader
 spectrum of companies. As such, Mercer&#146;s compensation
 surveys from companies based on similar size and scope were
 utilized.

 For purposes of reviewing the competitiveness of Patriot&#146;s
 executive compensation program, Mercer used a combination of
 proxy data from the above peers and survey data to benchmark
 compensation for executive officers. The survey data consisted
 of general industry references for companies of comparable size
 to Patriot and was blended with the available proxy data to
 provide an overall market composite. For purposes of determining
 an executive&#146;s total direct compensation, the Compensation
 Committee targeted the
 50 th 
 percentile for each position and adjusted the executive&#146;s
 targeted compensation levels for factors such as experience,
 retention and responsibility. Although the Company does not have
 a stated policy for setting pay, the Company&#146;s objective in
 reviewing compensation is to remain competitive with its peers
 and retain and motivate top talent each year.

 Peabody&#146;s Compensation Committee also reviewed data,
 provided by Mercer, regarding types and levels of initial grants
 of long-term incentive awards provided to executives who lead
 companies through initial public offerings, spin-offs and
 similar transactions.

 Overall, Mercer determined that Patriot&#146;s executive
 compensation programs, as structured, are competitive relative
 to our peers and other companies who have engaged in similar
 transactions. Based upon the review of the compensation plans
 discussed below, peer group compensation levels, and general
 industry compensation

 94

 Table of Contents 

 levels, Peabody&#146;s Compensation Committee assisted by its
 outside consultant determined that the value and design of
 Patriot&#146;s executive compensation programs are appropriate.

 Annual
 Base Salary 

 Patriot expects that base salary will represent the major fixed
 component of compensation for the named executive officers.
 Peabody&#146;s Compensation Committee reviewed the base salaries
 of the Chief Executive Officer and the executives who will
 report directly to the Chief Executive Officer to ensure
 competitiveness in the marketplace. Mr. Whiting&#146;s
 employment agreement sets his annual base salary at $700,000.

 Base salaries for the other named executive officers were
 determined based on a review of the benchmark data and the
 executive&#146;s experience. Pursuant to the terms of their
 respective employment agreements, annual base salaries are as
 follows: Mr. Nemec, $375,000, Mr. Schroeder, $375,000,
 Mr. Ebetino, $375,000, and Mr. Bean, $275,000.

 It is expected that Patriot&#146;s Compensation Committee will
 review the base salaries of the named executive officers at
 least annually to ensure that their salaries are competitive
 with companies of similar size and complexity. Salary increases
 will be based on factors such as competitive market data,
 assessment of individual performance, promotions and level of
 responsibility.

 Annual
 Incentive Plan 

 Patriot&#146;s executive officers and other designated key
 employees will participate in an annual incentive compensation
 plan, which will be approved by Peabody, in its capacity as our
 sole stockholder, prior to the spin-off. In general, our annual
 incentive plan will provide opportunities for key executives to
 earn annual cash incentive payments tied to the successful
 achievement of pre-established objectives that support our
 business strategy.

 Named executive officers will be assigned threshold, target and
 maximum incentive levels. If performance does not meet the
 threshold level, no incentive will be earned. At threshold
 levels, the incentive that can be earned generally will equal
 50% of the target incentive. Under the plan, the target
 incentives for the named executive officers were established
 through an analysis of compensation for comparable positions in
 industries of similar size and complexity, in order to provide a
 competitive level of compensation when participants, including
 the named executive officers, achieve their performance
 objectives.

 Pursuant to the terms of their respective employment agreements,
 the named executive officer&#146;s Threshold, Target and Maximum
 incentive payouts, as a percentage of their salaries, based on
 achievement of relevant performance objectives, will be as
 follows:

 Threshold Payout 

 Target Payout 

 Maximum Payout 

 Name 

 as a % of Salary 

 as a % of Salary 

 as a % of Salary 

 Richard M. Whiting

 50

 %

 100

 %

 175

 %

 Jiri Nemec

 40

 %

 80

 %

 140

 %

 Mark N. Schroeder

 40

 %

 80

 %

 140

 %

 Charles A. Ebetino, Jr. 

 40

 %

 80

 %

 140

 %

 Joseph W. Bean

 30

 %

 60

 %

 105

 %

 For 2007, actual awards for the named executive officers will be
 calculated as follows: 60% of the annual bonus will be
 nondiscretionary and based on Peabody&#146;s performance in
 accordance with the terms of Peabody&#146;s annual incentive
 plan, and 40% of the annual bonus will be discretionary based on
 successful achievement of individual performance objectives
 established by Patriot&#146;s CEO, which will include successful
 completion of the spin-off of Patriot and its transition to a
 stand alone company.

 Following the spin-off, performance goals under the annual
 incentive plan will be established by Patriot&#146;s
 Compensation Committee, and goals for the named executive
 officers will be established by Patriot&#146;s Compensation
 Committee at the beginning of each performance period, which is
 expected to be the calendar year. All annual incentive payouts
 to the named executive officers, including those related to 2007
 performance, will be subject to the review and approval of
 Patriot&#146;s Compensation Committee. For 2008, Patriot has not
 yet established specific targets for the annual incentive plan.
 Patriot expects to set specific

 95

 Table of Contents 

 targets for the 2008 annual incentive plan after the spin-off
 that will be submitted to Patriot&#146;s Compensation Committee
 and Board of Directors for approval. Target incentive payouts
 will be received for achieving budgeted financial and safety
 goals and meeting individual performance goals. These goals
 would be based on business criteria, such as stock price, sales,
 return on equity, return on assets, return on investment, book
 value, expense management, earnings per share, cash flow, net
 income, EBITDA, safety performance, business unit and site
 accomplishments, individual performance criteria or any
 combination of the above. Patriot&#146;s philosophy is to set
 stretch goals at budget. Maximum incentive payments generally
 will be received when the aforementioned goals are significantly
 exceeded.

 Each year, Patriot will determine if the disclosure of targets
 established for the annual incentive plan would cause
 competitive harm to the company and/or would represent
 confidential financial information not otherwise disclosed to
 the public. Patriot expects that target levels of performance
 for the objectives in any given year should not be easily
 achievable and typically would not be achieved all of the time.
 Patriot expects that higher levels with greater payouts would
 typically be achieved less often than the target level of
 performance. However, Patriot recognizes that the likelihood of
 achieving either level of payout in any given year may vary, and
 we believe that incentive payments should be commensurate with
 performance, regardless of how often it may happen.

 Long-Term
 Incentives 

 Prior to the spin-off, Peabody, as Patriot&#146;s sole
 stockholder, will approve and Patriot&#146;s Board of Directors
 will adopt, Patriot&#146;s long-term incentive plan. The
 long-term incentive plan will provide opportunities for key
 executives to earn payments if certain pre-established long-term
 (greater than one year) objectives are successfully achieved.

 Extended
 Long-Term Incentive Awards 

 Upon consummation of the spin-off, a long-term incentive
 opportunity will be granted to each of the named executive
 officers through a one-time award of stock options and
 restricted stock units. The targeted value of these awards will
 be split evenly between stock options and restricted stock units.

 The purpose of the initial long-term incentive grants is to:

 &#149; 

 Build commitment to Patriot and promote retention during the
 transition period following the spin-off;

 &#149; 

 Align executive and stockholder interests;

 &#149; 

 Make a substantial portion of each named executive
 officer&#146;s compensation directly contingent on future stock
 price appreciation; and

 &#149; 

 Complement the other components of our compensation program and
 provide competitive total compensation opportunities.

 Stock
 Options 

 Initial awards will be made as of the effective date of the
 spin-off in the form of nonqualified stock options. Patriot
 anticipates that a Black-Scholes valuation model will be
 used to establish the expected value of Patriot&#146;s stock
 option grants. The stock options will be granted at an exercise
 price equal to the closing market price of our common stock on
 the date of grant. Accordingly, those stock options will have
 intrinsic value to employees only if the market price of
 Patriot&#146;s common stock increases after that date.

 The initial grant of stock options will vest 50% on the fifth
 anniversary of the grant date, 25% on the sixth anniversary of
 the grant date and 25% on the seventh anniversary of the grant
 date. The options will immediately vest upon a change of control
 of Patriot or upon the holder&#146;s death or disability. If the
 holder&#146;s employment terminates for reasons other than death
 or disability, all unvested stock options will be forfeited.
 Stock options will expire ten years from the date of grant or
 following specified periods upon termination of employment, if
 earlier.

 96

 Table of Contents 

 Restricted
 Stock Units 

 In connection with the spin-off, an initial award of time-vested
 restricted stock units will be granted to the named executive
 officers, each unit representing one share of Patriot common
 stock. If certain performance metrics (described below) are met,
 additional restricted stock units may be earned. The award will
 time vest as follows and will be payable in shares of our common
 stock: 50% on the fifth anniversary of the grant date, 25% on
 the sixth anniversary of the grant date and 25% on the seventh
 anniversary of the grant date.

 As mentioned above, if certain performance metrics are met on
 each of the vesting dates, additional restricted stock units may
 be earned as follows:

 &#149; 

 Fifth anniversary of the grant date; 50% of the initial award
 time vests with an opportunity to earn up to 1.5 x 50% of the
 initial award if certain performance metrics are achieved;

 &#149; 

 Sixth anniversary of the grant date: 25% of the initial award
 time vests with an opportunity to earn up to 3.0 x 25% of the
 initial award if certain performance metrics are
 achieved; and

 &#149; 

 Seventh anniversary of the grant date: 25% of the initial award
 time vests with an opportunity to earn up to 4.0 x 25% of the
 initial award if certain performance metrics are achieved.

 The performance metrics have not been determined but will be
 finalized prior to the date of the award.

 Restricted stock units will be issued at a price that equals the
 closing market price per share of our common stock on the
 effective date of the spin-off. Units will vest over, and will
 be payable subject to the achievement of performance goals at
 the conclusion of, the vesting periods. Upon a change of control
 of Patriot or the holder&#146;s death, disability, retirement,
 termination with good reason or termination without cause,
 payments by us will be paid in proportion to the number of
 vested performance units based upon performance as of the date
 the event occurs. If the holder terminates employment without
 good reason or for cause, all restricted stock units will be
 forfeited.

 We believe the grant levels are in line with typical market
 practices for similar transactions to provide a significant
 equity stake in Patriot to key executives. Pursuant to their
 respective employment agreements, the named executive officers
 will receive, in connection with the spin-off, a one-time
 extended long-term incentive grant worth approximately:

 As a % 

 Name 

 of Salary 

 Richard M. Whiting

 850

 %

 Jiri Nemec

 475

 %

 Mark N. Schroeder

 475

 %

 Charles A. Ebetino, Jr. 

 475

 %

 Joseph W. Bean

 365

 %

 Annual
 Long-Term Incentive Grants 

 Patriot anticipates that a long-term incentive opportunity will
 be made available to each of our named executive officers and
 certain other key employees through annual awards and will be
 designed to be competitive and based on actual Patriot
 performance. The first of these annual awards will be granted to
 the named executive officers in the form of restricted shares
 that will cliff vest three years from the date of the spin-off.
 Restricted stock is designed to attract and retain the executive
 team, align executive and stockholder interests, and provide
 executives with stock ownership in Patriot. The timing, form and
 amount of future annual awards will be determined by
 Patriot&#146;s Compensation Committee and Board of Directors.
 Under the

 97

 Table of Contents 

 terms of their respective employment agreements, the named
 executive officers will receive annual long-term incentive
 awards with a value at least equal to the percentage of their
 base salaries set forth below:

 As a % 

 Name 

 of Salary 

 Richard M. Whiting

 250

 %

 Jiri Nemec

 175

 %

 Mark N. Schroeder

 120

 %

 Charles A. Ebetino, Jr. 

 120

 %

 Joseph W. Bean

 75

 %

 The shares will immediately vest upon a change of control of
 Patriot or upon the holder&#146;s death or disability. If the
 holder&#146;s employment is terminated for reasons other than
 death or disability, all unvested restricted shares will be
 forfeited.

 Retirement
 Benefits 

 Defined
 Benefit Pension Plan 

 Patriot will not maintain a defined benefit pension plan for its
 executives or other employees.

 Defined
 Contribution Plan 

 It is anticipated that Patriot will maintain a defined
 contribution retirement plan and other health and welfare
 benefit plans for its employees. Named executive officers will
 participate in these plans on the same terms as other eligible
 employees, subject to any legal limits on the amounts that may
 be contributed by or paid to executives under the plans.

 Excess
 Defined Contribution Retirement Plan 

 It is anticipated that Patriot will establish one excess defined
 contribution plan that provides retirement benefits to
 executives whose pay exceeds legislative limits for qualified
 benefit plans, which includes the named executive officers.

 Perquisites 

 Patriot does not plan to provide any perquisites in excess of
 $10,000 per individual to its named executive officers or other
 senior executives.

 Stock
 Ownership Guidelines 

 Management believes Patriot&#146;s executives and directors
 should acquire and retain a significant amount of our common
 stock in order to further align their interests with those of
 stockholders. As such, it is anticipated that Patriot&#146;s
 Board of Directors will adopt share ownership guidelines.

 Employment
 Agreements 

 In connection with the spin-off, in order to be competitive in
 the market and to attract and retain executives key to the
 success of its business, Patriot will enter into employment
 agreements with each of our named executive officers and with
 certain other key executives.

 The Chief Executive Officer&#146;s employment agreement will
 extend from
 day-to-day 
 so that there is at all times remaining a term of three years.
 Following a termination without cause or resignation for good
 reason, the Chief Executive Officer would be entitled to a
 payment equal to three years&#146; base salary and three times
 the higher of (1) the target annual bonus for the year of
 termination or (2) the average of the actual annual bonuses
 we paid in respect of the three prior years. One-third of this
 severance payment would be payable in twelve equal monthly
 installments commencing on the date of termination, with the
 remainder payable in a lump sum on the first anniversary of
 termination. Upon termination, the CEO would also be entitled to
 a one-

 98

 Table of Contents 

 time prorated bonus for the year of termination (based on our
 actual performance for that year multiplied by a fraction, the
 numerator of which is the number of calendar days he was
 employed during the year of termination, and the denominator of
 which is the total number of calendar days during that year),
 payable when bonuses, if any, are paid to other executives. He
 would also be entitled to receive qualified and nonqualified
 retirement, life insurance, medical and other benefits for three
 years following termination. If the CEO is terminated without
 cause or resigns for good reason following a change in control,
 he would be entitled to all benefits described above, and all
 outstanding equity awards would accelerate as a result of the
 change in control and would not be forfeited upon subsequent
 termination of the CEO&#146;s employment. If the CEO is
 terminated without cause or resigns for good reason absent a
 change in control, he would be entitled to all benefits
 described above but all outstanding unvested equity awards would
 not accelerate and would be forfeited.

 The employment agreements for the Senior Vice
 President &#038; Chief Operating Officer and the Senior
 Vice President &#038; Chief Financial Officer will extend
 from
 day-to-day 
 so that there is at all times a remaining term of one year.
 Following a termination without cause or resignation for good
 reason, each would be entitled to a payment equal to one year of
 base salary plus (1) the target annual bonus for the year
 of termination or (2) the average of the actual annual
 bonuses we paid in respect of the three prior years. This amount
 would be payable in twelve equal monthly installments commencing
 on the date of termination. In addition, each would be entitled
 to a one-time prorated bonus for the year of termination (based
 on our actual performance for that year multiplied by a
 fraction, the numerator of which is the number of calendar days
 the executive officer was employed during the year of
 termination, and the denominator of which is the total number of
 calendar days during that year), payable when bonuses, if any,
 are paid to our other executives. Each of these officers would
 also be entitled to receive qualified and nonqualified
 retirement, life insurance, medical and other benefits for one
 year following termination. If any of these officers is
 terminated without cause or resigns for good reason following a
 change in control, he would be entitled to all benefits
 described above, and all outstanding equity awards would
 accelerate as a result of the change in control and would not be
 forfeited upon subsequent termination of any of these
 officers&#146; employment. If any of these officers is
 terminated without cause or resigns for good reason absent a
 change in control, he would be entitled to all benefits
 described above, but all outstanding unvested equity awards
 would not accelerate and would be forfeited.

 The employment agreements for the other named executive officers
 will have an initial two-year term. During the initial two-year
 term, following a termination without cause or resignation for
 good reason, each would be entitled to a payment equal to the
 product of (1) one year of base salary plus the greater of
 (a) the target annual bonus for the year of termination or
 (b) the average of the actual annual bonuses we paid in
 respect of the three prior years, multiplied by (2) the
 greater of (a) one or (b) the number of calendar days
 following the termination date remaining in the initial two-year
 term divided by 365. In addition, the other named executive
 officers would be entitled to a one-time prorated bonus for the
 year of termination (based on our actual performance for that
 year multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the
 number of calendar days the executive officer was employed
 during the year of termination, and the denominator of which is
 the total number of calendar days during that year), payable
 when bonuses, if any, are paid to our other executives. Each
 other named executive officer would also be entitled to receive
 qualified and nonqualified retirement, life insurance, medical
 and other benefits for the greater of one year following the
 date of termination or the remainder of the agreement&#146;s
 initial two-year term. If the other named executive officer is
 terminated without cause or resigns for good reason following a
 change in control during the term of the employment agreement,
 he would be entitled to all benefits described above, and all
 outstanding equity awards would accelerate as a result of the
 change in control and would not be forfeited upon subsequent
 termination of any of these named executive officers&#146;
 employment. If any of these other named executive officers is
 terminated without cause or resigns for good reason absent a
 change in control, he would be entitled to all benefits
 described above, but all outstanding unvested equity awards
 would not accelerate and would be forfeited.

 If an employment agreement for any of the other named executive
 officers is not extended by mutual consent of the parties, the
 executive will no longer be entitled to receive any special
 termination benefits; provided, however , if that
 executive is thereafter terminated by Patriot other than for
 cause, disability or death,

 99

 Table of Contents 

 he would be entitled to receive a one-year severance payment,
 pro-rated bonus and continuation benefits for one year as
 described above.

 If any of the named executive officers is terminated for cause
 or resigns without good reason, the compensation due to that
 officer would only include accrued but unpaid salary and payment
 of accrued and vested benefits and unused vacation time. If that
 officer is terminated due to death or disability, he would be
 entitled to receive accrued but unpaid salary and payment of
 accrued and vested benefits and unused vacation time. He also
 would receive a pro-rated bonus for the year of termination, as
 described above.

 Under all executives&#146; employment agreements, Patriot would
 not be obligated to provide any benefits under tax qualified
 plans that are not permitted by the terms of each plan or by
 applicable law or that could jeopardize the plan&#146;s tax
 status. Continuing benefit coverage would terminate to the
 extent an executive is offered or obtains comparable coverage
 from any other employer. The employment agreements will provide
 for confidentiality during and following employment, and will
 include noncompetition and nonsolicitation covenants that will
 be effective during and for one year following employment. If an
 executive breaches any of his or her confidentiality,
 noncompetition or nonsolicitation covenants, the executive will
 forfeit any unpaid amounts or benefits. To the extent that
 excise taxes are incurred by an executive as a result of
 &#147;excess parachute payments,&#148; as defined by IRS
 regulations, Patriot will pay additional amounts so that the
 executive would be in the same financial position as if the
 excise taxes were not incurred.

 Under the executives&#146; employment agreements, &#147;good
 reason&#148; is defined as (i) a reduction by Patriot in
 the executive&#146;s base salary, (ii) a material reduction
 in the aggregate program of employee benefits and perquisites to
 which the executive is entitled (other than a reduction that
 generally affects all executives), (iii) a material decline
 in the executive&#146;s bonus or long-term incentive award
 opportunities, (iv) relocation of the executive&#146;s
 primary office by more than 50 miles from the location of the
 executive&#146;s primary office in Saint Louis, MO or
 (v) any material diminution or material adverse change in
 the executive&#146;s title, duties, responsibilities or
 reporting relationships. Resignation &#147;without good
 reason&#148; is not only voluntary termination by the employee,
 but also any other reason that is not included in the definition
 of good reason.

 Patriot
 Long-Term Incentive Plan 

 Prior to the completion of the spin-off, we intend to adopt an
 incentive plan, the Patriot Coal Corporation Long-Term Incentive
 Plan (which we refer to as the Plan), under which we will be
 able to grant equity-based and other awards. The following is a
 summary of what we currently expect to be the material terms of
 the Plan. The long-term incentive awards to be awarded to our
 named executive officers in connection with the spin-off will be
 issued under this Plan. The Plan will be approved by Peabody, as
 Patriot&#146;s sole stockholder, prior to the spin-off.

 Authorized
 Shares 

 Subject to adjustment, up
 to shares
 of Patriot common stock will be available for awards to be
 granted under the Plan. No participant in the Plan may receive
 shares of Patriot common stock or stock-based units in any
 calendar year that relate to more
 than shares
 of our common stock. The shares of common stock issued under the
 Plan may be authorized but unissued shares or shares reacquired
 by Patriot, including shares purchased in the open market or in
 private transactions.

 If any shares of our common stock covered by an award terminate
 or are forfeited, then these shares will again be available for
 issuance under the Plan.

 Administration 

 The Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee of the
 Board, as determined by the Board, will administer the Plan and
 will have authority to select individuals to whom awards are
 granted, determine the types of awards and number of shares
 covered, and determine terms and conditions of awards, including
 the applicable vesting schedule, performance conditions, and
 whether the award will be settled in cash, shares or a
 combination of the two.

 100

 Table of Contents 

 Types
 of Awards 

 The Plan will provide for grants of incentive stock options,
 non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights,
 restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance awards.

 &#149; 

 Stock Options &#151; The exercise price of an option
 may not be less than the fair market value of a share of our
 common stock on the date of grant and each option will have a
 term to be determined by the Compensation Committee or Board of
 Directors (not to exceed ten years). Stock options will be
 exercisable at such time or times as determined by the
 Compensation Committee or Board.

 &#149; 

 Stock Appreciation Rights &#151; A stock
 appreciation right (SAR) may be granted free-standing or in
 tandem with another award under the Plan. Upon exercise of a
 SAR, the holder of that SAR is entitled to receive the excess of
 the fair market value of the shares for which the right is
 exercised over the exercise price of the SAR. The exercise price
 of a SAR (other than a substitute award) will not be less than
 the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the date
 of grant.

 &#149; 

 Restricted stock/restricted stock
 units. Shares of restricted stock are shares of
 our common stock subject to restrictions on transfer and a
 substantial risk of forfeiture. A restricted stock unit consists
 of a contractual right denominated in shares of our common stock
 which represents the right to receive the value of a share of
 common stock at a future date, subject to certain vesting and
 other restrictions. Awards of restricted stock and restricted
 stock units will be subject to restrictions and such other terms
 and conditions as the Compensation Committee or Board may
 determine, which restrictions and such other terms and
 conditions may lapse separately or in combination at such time
 or times, in such installments or otherwise, as the Compensation
 Committee or Board may deem appropriate.

 &#149; 

 Performance Awards. The Plan will provide that
 grants of performance awards, including cash-denominated awards
 and (if determined by the Compensation Committee or Board)
 options, deferred shares, restricted stock or other stock-based
 awards will be made based upon certain &#147;performance
 objectives&#148; provided for under the terms of the Plan.

 Eligibility 

 Our employees, directors, consultants and other key service
 providers will be eligible to receive awards under the Plan.

 Adjustments 

 The Compensation Committee has the authority to adjust the terms
 of any outstanding awards and the number of shares of common
 stock issuable under the Plan for any change in shares of our
 common stock resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split,
 stock dividend, spin-off, combination or reclassification of our
 common stock, or any other event that affects our capitalization
 if such an adjustment is necessary in order to prevent
 enlargement or dilution of the benefits or potential benefits
 intended to be made available under the Plan.

 Amendment,
 Modification and Termination 

 Our Board of Directors may from time to time suspend,
 discontinue, revise or amend the Plan and the Compensation
 Committee may amend the terms of any award in any respect,
 provided that no such action will adversely impair or
 affect the rights of a holder of an outstanding award under the
 Plan without the holder&#146;s consent, and no such action will
 be taken without stockholder approval, if required by the rules
 of the stock exchange on which our shares are traded.

 101

 Table of Contents 

 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP BY 
 CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

 All of the outstanding shares of our common stock are, and will
 be, prior to the distribution, held beneficially and of record
 by Peabody. The following table sets forth information
 concerning shares of our common stock projected to be
 beneficially owned immediately after the distribution date by:

 &#149; 

 each person or entity known by us to be the beneficial owner of
 5% or more of the outstanding shares of Peabody&#146;s common
 stock;

 &#149; 

 each person who we currently anticipate will be one of our
 directors at the time of the distribution;

 &#149; 

 each person who we currently anticipate will be one of our named
 executive officers at the time of the distribution; and

 &#149; 

 all persons who we currently anticipate will be our directors
 and executive officers at the time of the distribution as a
 group.

 The projected share amounts in the table below are based on the
 number of shares of Peabody common stock owned by each person or
 entity at June 30, 2007, as adjusted to reflect the
 distribution ratio of one share of our common stock for every
 ten shares of Peabody common stock. To our knowledge, except as
 otherwise indicated in the footnotes below, each person or
 entity has sole voting and investment power with respect to the
 shares of common stock set forth opposite such persons or
 entity&#146;s name. Beneficial ownership is determined in
 accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes
 voting or investment power with respect to the securities.
 Shares of common stock and stock options that are vested or are
 scheduled to vest within 60 days are deemed to be
 outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the persons holding
 the options for the purpose of computing the percentage
 ownership of the person.

 Amount and Nature 

 of Beneficial 

 Ownership of 

 Percent of Class 

 Patriot 

 of Patriot 

 Name 

 Common
 Stock (1) 

 Common
 Stock (2) 

 FMR Corp.

 2,981,690

 11.2

 %

 82 Devonshire Street 
 Boston, MA 02109

 Richard M. Whiting

 10,189

 *

 Mark N. Schroeder

 3,006

 *

 Jiri Nemec

 2,000

 *

 Charles A. Ebetino, Jr. 

 4,852

 *

 Joseph W. Bean

 3,211

 *

 All directors and executive
 officers as a group (7 persons)

 26,190

 *

 (1) 
 
 Amounts shown are based on the latest available filings on Form
 13G or other relevant filings made with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;) with respect to Peabody
 common stock, adjusted to reflect the distribution ratio of one
 share of Patriot common stock for every ten shares of Peabody
 common stock. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
 with the rules of the SEC and includes voting and investment
 power with respect to shares. Unless otherwise indicated, the
 persons named in the table have sole voting and sole investment
 control with respect to all shares beneficially owned.

 (2) 
 
 An asterisk (*) indicates that the applicable person
 beneficially owns less than one percent of the outstanding
 shares.

 102

 Table of Contents 

 OUR
 RELATIONSHIP WITH PEABODY AFTER THE SPIN-OFF 

 General 

 In connection with the spin-off, we and Peabody will enter into
 the Separation Agreement and several ancillary agreements to
 complete the separation of our businesses from Peabody and to
 distribute our common stock to Peabody stockholders. These
 agreements will govern the relationship between Peabody and
 Patriot after the distribution and will also provide for the
 allocation of employee benefits, taxes and other liabilities and
 obligations attributable to periods prior to the distribution.
 The agreements will have been prepared before the distribution,
 and will reflect agreement between affiliated parties
 established without arms-length negotiation. However, we believe
 that the terms of these agreements will equitably reflect the
 benefits and costs of our ongoing relationships with Peabody.
 The ancillary agreements include:

 &#149; 

 Tax Separation Agreement;

 &#149; 

 Coal Act Liability Assumption Agreement;

 &#149; 

 NBCWA Liability Assumption Agreement;

 &#149; 

 Salaried Employee Liability Assumption Agreement;

 &#149; 

 Administrative Services Agreement;

 &#149; 

 Transition Services Agreement;

 &#149; 

 Employee Matters Agreement;

 &#149; 

 Various coal supply agreements related to existing customer
 contracts;

 &#149; 

 Various real property agreements;

 &#149; 

 Throughput Agreement for a coal transloading facility;

 &#149; 

 Master Equipment Sublease Agreement;

 &#149; 

 Software License Agreement; and

 &#149; 

 Common Interest Agreement.

 These agreements and various other agreements governing our
 future relationships with Peabody are summarized below. We may
 enter into other agreements with Peabody prior to or
 concurrently with the separation that would relate to other
 aspects of our relationship with Peabody following the spin-off.
 Following the separation, we may enter into other commercial
 agreements with Peabody from time to time, the terms of which
 will be determined at those relevant times.

 Each of Peabody and Patriot will have the right to offset
 amounts due to it by the other party under these agreements
 against any and all amounts due, now or in the future, by it to
 the other.

 Of the agreements summarized below, the material agreements have
 been or will be filed as exhibits to the registration statement
 that we have filed with the SEC, of which this information
 statement forms a part. The summaries of materials agreements
 are qualified in their entireties by reference to the full text
 of the agreements.

 Separation
 Agreement, Plan of Reorganization and Distribution 

 The Separation Agreement, Plan of Reorganization and
 Distribution, which we refer to as the Separation Agreement,
 sets forth the agreement between us and Peabody with respect to
 the principal corporate transactions required to effect our
 separation from Peabody; the transfer of certain assets and
 liabilities required to effect such separation; the distribution
 of our shares to Peabody stockholders; and other agreements
 governing the relationship between Peabody and us following the
 separation, including certain litigation matters. Peabody will
 only consummate the spin-off if specified conditions are met.
 These conditions include, among others, the receipt of a
 satisfactory private letter ruling from the IRS that the
 distribution and certain

 103

 Table of Contents 

 related transactions will qualify as a tax-free distribution to
 Peabody and its stockholders under sections 355 and 368 of
 the Code, the receipt of an opinion from Ernst &#038; Young
 LLP as to the satisfaction of certain required qualifying
 conditions for the application of Section 355 to the
 spin-off, and the receipt of required governmental regulatory
 approvals. Each of these conditions to the spin-off may be
 waived by Peabody. For additional information regarding
 conditions to the distribution, see &#147;Corporate Information
 and Structure&#148; on page 8.

 Even if these conditions are satisfied, other events or
 circumstances could occur that could impact the timing or terms
 of the spin-off or Peabody&#146;s ability or plans to consummate
 the spin-off. As a result of these factors, the spin-off may not
 occur and, if it does occur, it may not occur on the terms or in
 the manner described, or in the timeframe contemplated.

 The
 Contribution; Allocation of Assets and Liabilities; No
 Representations and Warranties 

 In connection with the distribution, Peabody has contributed or
 will contribute to us certain subsidiaries and assets to be
 included in the Patriot business, as described in this
 information statement. It will effect this contribution by
 transferring, or causing its subsidiaries to transfer, all of
 the issued and outstanding capital stock of its direct and
 indirect subsidiaries conducting our business, and certain
 additional assets related to the conduct of our business.
 Peabody will have no interest in our assets and business and,
 subject to certain exceptions described below, generally will
 have no obligation with respect to our liabilities after the
 distribution. Similarly, we will have no interest in the assets
 of Peabody&#146;s other businesses and generally will have no
 obligation with respect to the liabilities of Peabody&#146;s
 retained businesses after the distribution.

 Except as expressly set forth in the Separation Agreement or in
 any ancillary agreement, neither we nor Peabody will make any
 representation or warranty as to the assets, businesses or
 liabilities transferred or assumed as part of the contribution.
 Furthermore, unless expressly provided to the contrary in any
 ancillary agreement, all assets will be transferred on an
 &#147;as is, where is&#148; basis, and the respective
 transferees will agree to bear the economic and legal risks that
 any conveyance is insufficient to vest in the transferee good
 and marketable title free and clear of any security interest and
 that any necessary consents or approvals are not obtained or
 that requirements of laws or judgments are not complied with.

 The
 Distribution 

 Following the satisfaction or waiver of all conditions to the
 distribution as set forth in the Separation Agreement, Peabody
 will deliver to the distribution agent a certificate or
 certificates representing all of the outstanding shares of our
 common stock. Peabody will instruct the distribution agent to
 distribute those shares
 on ,
 2007 or as soon thereafter as practicable, so that each Peabody
 stockholder will receive one share of Patriot common stock for
 every ten shares of Peabody common stock they own as of the
 record date of the spin-off. The spin-off of the Patriot shares
 will be made in book-entry form, and physical stock certificates
 will be issued only upon request.

 Releases
 and Indemnification 

 The Separation Agreement generally will provide for a full and
 complete mutual release and discharge as of the date of the
 spin-off of all liabilities existing or arising from all acts
 and events occurring or failing to occur or alleged to have
 occurred or have failed to occur and all conditions existing or
 alleged to have existed on or before the separation, between or
 among Peabody or its affiliates, on the one hand, and us or our
 affiliates, on the other hand, except as expressly set forth in
 the Separation Agreement. The liabilities released or discharged
 will include liabilities arising under any contractual
 agreements or arrangements existing or alleged to exist between
 or among any such members on or before the separation, other
 than the Separation Agreement, the ancillary agreements
 described below and the other agreements referred to in the
 Separation Agreement.

 104

 Table of Contents 

 Subject to certain exceptions, we will agree to indemnify
 Peabody and its affiliates, and each of their directors,
 officers and employees, from and against all liabilities
 relating to, arising out of or resulting from:

 &#149; 

 The business, operations, contracts, assets and liabilities of
 Patriot and its affiliates, whether arising before or after the
 spin-off;

 &#149; 

 Liabilities or obligations associated with the Patriot business,
 as defined in the Separation Agreement, or otherwise assumed by
 us pursuant to the Separation Agreement, including liabilities
 associated with litigation related to the Patriot business;

 &#149; 

 Any breach by us of the Separation Agreement or any of the
 ancillary agreements entered into in connection with the
 Separation Agreement; and

 &#149; 

 Any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material
 fact contained in this information statement or any amendment or
 supplement thereto or the omission or alleged omission to state
 therein a material fact required to be stated, except for
 information for which Peabody will agree to indemnify us as
 described below.

 Subject to certain exceptions, Peabody will agree to indemnify
 us and our affiliates, and each of our directors, officers and
 employees, from and against all liabilities relating to, arising
 out of or resulting from:

 &#149; 

 The business, operations, contracts, assets and liabilities of
 Peabody and its affiliates (other than the Patriot business),
 whether arising before or after the spin-off;

 &#149; 

 Liabilities or obligations of Peabody or its affiliates other
 than those of an entity forming part of the Patriot business or
 otherwise assumed by us pursuant to the Separation Agreement,
 including liabilities associated with litigation that is not
 related to the Patriot business;

 &#149; 

 Any breach by Peabody of the Separation Agreement or any of the
 ancillary agreements entered into in connection with the
 Separation Agreement;

 &#149; 

 Certain retiree healthcare costs, as described under
 &#147;Liability Assumption Agreements and Administrative
 Services Agreement&#148; beginning on page 107; and

 &#149; 

 Any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material
 fact regarding Peabody included in &#147;Summary &#151; Our
 Business&#148;, &#147;Summary &#151; The Spin-Off&#148; or
 &#147;The Spin-Off &#151; Reasons for the Spin-Off&#148;
 above.

 Non-solicitation
 of employees 

 Except with the written approval of the other party and subject
 to certain exceptions provided in the Separation Agreement, we
 and Peabody will agree not to, for a period of 12 months
 following the separation, directly or indirectly solicit or hire
 employees of the other party or its subsidiaries.

 Expenses 

 The Separation Agreement will provide that Peabody will pay all
 costs and expenses incurred in connection with the spin-off and
 the transactions contemplated by the Separation Agreement, and
 all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
 preparation, execution, delivery and implementation of the
 Separation Agreement and the ancillary agreements. Peabody will
 also pay other expenses of the transaction, including the legal,
 filing, accounting, printing, and other expenses incurred in
 connection with the preparation, printing, and filing of the
 registration statement on Form 10 of which this information
 statement is a part and this information statement.

 Litigation
 Matters 

 The Separation Agreement will provide that we will diligently
 conduct, at our sole cost and expense, the defense of any
 actions related to the Patriot business, that we will notify
 Peabody of any material developments related to such litigation,
 and that we will agree not to file cross claims against Peabody
 in

 105

 Table of Contents 

 relation to such actions. Peabody will make corresponding
 agreements with respect to actions that are not related to the
 Patriot business. We and Peabody have agreed to share the cost
 and expense of certain actions that we cannot currently identify
 as being related to the Patriot or Peabody businesses, until
 they can be so classified. Furthermore, the Separation Agreement
 will require us and Peabody to cooperate to, among other
 matters, maintain attorney-client privilege and work product
 doctrine in connection with litigation against us or Peabody, as
 further set forth in the common interest agreement described
 below.

 Amendments
 and Waivers; Further Assurances 

 The Separation Agreement will provide that no provisions of it
 or any ancillary agreement will be deemed waived, amended,
 supplemented or modified by any party unless the waiver,
 amendment, supplement or modification is in writing and signed
 by the authorized representative of the party against whom that
 waiver, amendment, supplement or modification is sought to be
 enforced.

 Peabody and Patriot will agree to use their respective
 reasonable efforts to:

 &#149; 

 Execute and deliver any additional instruments and documents and
 take any other actions the other party may reasonably request to
 effectuate the purposes of the Separation Agreement and the
 ancillary agreements and their terms; and

 &#149; 

 To take all actions and do all things reasonably necessary under
 applicable laws and agreements or otherwise to consummate and
 make effective the transactions contemplated by the Separation
 Agreement and the ancillary agreements.

 Dispute
 Resolution 

 The Separation Agreement will contain provisions that govern,
 except as otherwise provided in any ancillary agreements, the
 resolution of disputes, controversies or claims that may arise
 between us and Peabody. These provisions contemplate that
 efforts will be made to resolve disputes, controversies or
 claims by escalation of the matter to senior management,
 independent Board committees or other representatives of us or
 Peabody. If those efforts are not successful, the parties may by
 mutual agreement submit the dispute, controversy or claim to
 arbitration, subject to the provisions of the Separation
 Agreement.

 Tax
 Separation Agreement 

 The tax separation agreement will set forth the responsibilities
 of Peabody and Patriot with respect to, among other things,
 liabilities for federal, state, local and foreign taxes for
 periods before and including the spin-off, the preparation and
 filing of tax returns for such periods and disputes with taxing
 authorities regarding taxes for such periods. Peabody will
 generally be responsible for federal, state, local and foreign
 income taxes of Patriot for periods before and including the
 spin-off. Patriot will generally be responsible for all other
 taxes relating to its business. Peabody and Patriot will each
 generally be responsible for managing those disputes that relate
 to the taxes for which each is responsible and, under certain
 circumstances, may jointly control any dispute relating to taxes
 for which both parties are responsible. The tax separation
 agreement will also provide that Patriot will have to indemnify
 Peabody for some or all of the taxes resulting from the
 transactions related to the distribution of Patriot common stock
 if it takes certain actions and if the distribution does not
 qualify as tax-free under Sections 355 and 368 of the Code.

 To maintain the qualification of the distribution as tax-free
 under sections 368(a)(1)(D) and 355 of the Code, there are
 material limitations on transactions in which Patriot may be
 involved during the two-year period following the distribution
 date. Specifically, during this two-year period, Patriot will
 agree to refrain from engaging in any of the transactions listed
 below unless it first obtains a private letter ruling from the
 IRS or an opinion reasonably acceptable in substance to Peabody
 from a tax advisor reasonably acceptable to Peabody providing
 that the transaction will not affect the tax-free treatment of
 the distribution and the preceding contributions of capital.

 Patriot is restricted from entering into any negotiations,
 agreements or arrangements with respect to transactions or
 events that may cause the spin-off to be treated as part of a
 plan pursuant to which one or more

 106

 Table of Contents 

 persons acquire directly or indirectly stock of Patriot
 representing a &#147;50-percent or greater interest&#148;
 therein within the meaning of Section 355(d)(4) of the
 Code, including such transactions or events described below
 (and, for this purpose, including any redemptions made pursuant
 to open market stock repurchase programs), stock issuances
 pursuant to the exercise of options or otherwise, option grants,
 capital contributions or acquisitions, entering into any
 partnership or joint venture arrangements or a series of such
 transactions or events, but not including the spin-off.

 &#149; 

 Merging or consolidating with or into another corporation;

 &#149; 

 Liquidating or partially liquidating;

 &#149; 

 Selling or transferring all or substantially all of its assets
 in a single transaction or series of related transactions, or
 selling or transferring any portion of its assets that would
 violate certain continuity requirements imposed by the Code; and

 &#149; 

 Redeeming or otherwise repurchasing any of its capital stock
 other than pursuant to open market stock repurchase programs
 meeting certain IRS requirements.

 If Patriot enters into any of these transactions, with or
 without the required private letter ruling or opinion from tax
 counsel, Patriot will be responsible for, and will indemnify
 Peabody from and against, any tax liability resulting from any
 such transaction.

 Liability
 Assumption Agreements and Administrative Services
 Agreement 

 In connection with the spin-off, a subsidiary of Peabody has
 agreed to pay certain retiree healthcare liabilities of Patriot
 and its subsidiaries arising under the Coal Act and the 2007
 NBCWA and predecessor agreements, as well as retiree healthcare
 liabilities relating to certain salaried employees. The terms
 governing such assumptions shall be set forth in a Coal Act
 Liability Assumption Agreement, a NBCWA Liabilities Assumption
 Agreement and a Salaried Employee Liability Assumption
 Agreement, each to be entered into among the Peabody subsidiary
 and the applicable Patriot subsidiaries. Peabody will guarantee
 the performance of its subsidiary under these liability
 assumption agreements.

 As of June 30, 2007, the present value of the estimated
 retiree healthcare liabilities to be paid by Peabody totaled
 $614.5 million, including Coal Act liabilities, 2007 NBCWA
 contractual liabilities and liabilities relating to salaried
 employees of one of our subsidiaries. As a result of
 Peabody&#146;s agreement to pay these liabilities,
 Patriot&#146;s retiree healthcare expense and related cash
 payments will be reduced significantly from historical levels
 following the spin-off. On a pro forma basis, after giving
 effect to the terms of these agreements as if they had been in
 effect on January 1, 2006, Patriot&#146;s expense and cash
 payments in the first six months of 2007 for retiree healthcare
 would have been lower by $31.1 million and
 $33.2 million, respectively, than as reported for
 historical purposes.

 Under the Coal Act Liability Assumption Agreement, the Peabody
 subsidiary has agreed to pay all retiree healthcare liabilities
 of Patriot and its subsidiaries under the Coal Act for employees
 retiring on or after January 1, 1976 and prior to
 October 1, 1994. Under the NBCWA Liability Assumption
 Agreement, the Peabody subsidiary has agreed to pay certain
 retiree healthcare liabilities of Peabody Coal Company (a
 Patriot subsidiary signatory to the 2007 NBCWA and predecessor
 agreements) for employees retiring after September 30, 1994
 and on or before December 31, 2006. In certain
 circumstances, the Peabody subsidiary would not be responsible
 for increases in retiree healthcare benefits associated with
 future labor agreements entered into by us. Under the Salaried
 Employee Liability Assumption Agreement, the Peabody subsidiary
 has agreed to pay certain retiree healthcare liabilities of
 Peabody Coal Company for employees retiring on or prior to
 December 31, 2006.

 Patriot will administer the retiree healthcare benefits assumed
 by the Peabody subsidiary, pursuant to an Administrative
 Services Agreement to be entered into effective as of the
 spin-off. The Peabody Subsidiary will pay Patriot a fee equal to
 the fair market value of the administration of such benefits.
 The Administrative Services Agreement shall remain in effect
 until the termination of all of the liability assumption
 agreements.

 107

 Table of Contents 

 Transition
 Services Agreement 

 Peabody and Patriot will enter into a transition services
 agreement pursuant to which Peabody will provide certain
 administrative and other services to Patriot, including in the
 following areas: information technology, purchasing and
 materials management, accounting services, payroll, human
 resources, engineering, geology, land management and
 environmental services. For each of these areas, a transition
 service schedule will summarize the services to be provided and
 the responsibilities of Peabody and Patriot. The cost to Patriot
 for these services will be at fair market value rates. Patriot
 will have the right to terminate the transition services
 agreement or any class of services provided thereunder on
 60 days&#146; prior notice. The agreement will have an
 initial term of six months, and Patriot will have the option to
 extend for an additional term of three months and, under certain
 circumstances, for another term of three months.

 Employee
 Matters Agreement 

 General 

 In connection with the spin-off, we and Peabody will enter into
 an employee matters agreement, which will provide for the
 transition of our employees and retirees from Peabody&#146;s
 employee plans and programs to employee plans and programs at
 Patriot. The agreement also will allocate responsibility for
 certain employee benefit matters and liabilities after the
 distribution date, including benefits for certain former
 employees of Patriot&#146;s subsidiaries. In general, and except
 as described below or under the section captioned
 &#147;Liability Assumption Agreements and Administrative
 Services Agreement&#148;, we and Peabody will be responsible for
 all obligations and liabilities relating to our respective
 current and former employees and their dependents and
 beneficiaries.

 Health,
 Welfare and Benefit Plans 

 Under the employee matters agreement, Patriot will agree to
 provide specified health and welfare and retirement benefits to
 Patriot&#146;s employees and retirees after the distribution
 date, which will generally be similar to the benefits Peabody
 provided to such persons. Except as otherwise provided in the
 employee matters agreement, as of the distribution date, our
 employees will generally cease participation in Peabody employee
 benefit plans and begin participation in our plans. We will
 generally recognize, among other things, our employees&#146;
 past service with Peabody for purposes of our employee benefit
 plans. Except as specifically provided in the employee matters
 agreement, nothing in that agreement will restrict our or
 Peabody&#146;s ability to amend or terminate any of our or
 Peabody&#146;s respective employee benefit plans.

 Not later than the distribution date, we will establish our own
 qualified defined contribution plan under Section 401(k) of
 the Code, which generally will be similar to Peabody&#146;s
 401(k) plan as in effect at such time. Our plan will cover all
 current employees of the Patriot business who, immediately prior
 to the plan&#146;s effective date, were participants in
 Peabody&#146;s 401(k) plan. Not later than 30 days
 following the distribution date, the Peabody plan will transfer
 to our 401(k) plan the account balances and related assets
 (including outstanding loan balances) of each of these
 participants.

 Patriot does not expect to establish a defined benefit
 retirement plan. For purposes of Peabody&#146;s defined benefit
 retirement plan, eligible employees of Patriot and its
 affiliates will be deemed terminated as of the distribution
 date, and their benefits under such plan will be frozen as of
 that date.

 Effective as of the distribution date, Patriot will establish
 separate health and welfare plans and a flexible benefit plan
 for Patriot employees comparable to those maintained by Peabody
 prior to the spin-off. Under the employee matters agreement,
 Peabody would administer those plans on behalf of Patriot during
 the period beginning immediately following the spin-off and
 ending on December 31, 2007. Patriot will reimburse Peabody
 for all expenses it incurs as a result of this arrangement.
 Patriot will credit each of its employees with the amount of
 accrued but unused vacation time and other time-off benefits
 that such employee had with Peabody as of the distribution date.
 As of January 1, 2008, Patriot will assume responsibility
 for administering its own health and welfare plans and flexible
 benefit plan.

 108

 Table of Contents 

 Treatment
 of Peabody Equity Awards held by Patriot Employees 

 In connection with the spin-off, each Peabody stock option that
 is outstanding immediately prior to the distribution date will
 be adjusted based on a formula determined by Peabody&#146;s
 Compensation Committee in accordance with the terms of the
 applicable stock incentive plan. Certain Peabody employees who
 will become Patriot executives following the spin-off will hold
 adjusted Peabody stock options that are scheduled to vest on or
 before January 3, 2008. These options shall continue to
 vest based on such optionees&#146; continued employment with
 Patriot through the earlier of their date of termination or
 January 3, 2008. Such optionees shall have six months after
 the earlier of January 3, 2008 or their termination from
 Patriot to exercise vested options in accordance with the terms
 of the applicable stock incentive plan and option agreement.

 Certain Peabody employees who will become Patriot executives
 following the spin-off will hold adjusted Peabody stock options
 that were granted before January 1, 2006 and are scheduled
 to vest after January 3, 2008. These options will be
 converted to a dollar value, based on the closing price of
 Peabody common stock on the distribution date. That value will
 be distributed to the optionee as soon as practicable following
 the spin-off in the form of registered shares of Peabody common
 stock, based on the closing price of Peabody common stock on the
 distribution date.

 Certain Peabody employees who will become Patriot executives
 following the spin-off hold restricted shares of Peabody common
 stock. On the record date, those restricted stockholders will
 receive the Patriot stock dividend on the same basis as all
 other Peabody stockholders. In addition, restricted shares held
 by these Patriot employees that are scheduled to vest on or
 before January 3, 2008 will continue to vest based on
 continued employment with Patriot through the earlier of their
 date of termination or January 3, 2008. These restricted
 shares will remain subject to the terms and conditions of the
 applicable stock incentive plan and award agreement as in effect
 immediately prior to the distribution date. Restricted shares
 held by these Patriot employees that are scheduled to vest after
 January 3, 2008 will accelerate and become fully vested on
 the distribution date.

 Certain Peabody employees who will become Patriot executives
 following the spin-off hold outstanding performance unit awards
 under Peabody&#146;s stock incentive plans. These performance
 units will be adjusted to take the spin-off into account based
 on a formula determined by Peabody&#146;s Compensation Committee
 in accordance with the applicable stock incentive plan.
 Performance units held by Patriot employees that are scheduled
 to vest by January 3, 2008 will continue to vest based on
 continued employment by Patriot. These performance units shall
 remain subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable
 award agreement as in effect immediately prior to the
 distribution date. Performance units held by Patriot employees
 that are scheduled to vest after January 3, 2008 will
 accelerate and become payable at their full value (without
 proration) based on Peabody&#146;s actual performance results as
 of December 31, 2007. Payments with respect to vested
 performance unit awards will be made in the form of registered
 shares of Peabody common stock.

 Peabody&#146;s Board of Directors has approved certain
 amendments to Peabody&#146;s existing long term incentive stock
 plans, effective as of the distribution date, to permit the
 treatment of equity awards as outlined above.

 For all other Peabody employees who hold Peabody equity awards
 and become Patriot employees, an amendment to Peabody&#146;s
 long-term stock incentive plans will be implemented to allow for
 continued vesting under these plans.

 Ongoing
 Coal Supply Arrangements 

 General 

 Coal produced by Patriot&#146;s operations is primarily sold to
 Peabody pursuant to intercompany agreements. Peabody then
 markets and sells the coal to utilities and other customers
 pursuant to their own coal supply agreements. Following the
 spin-off, if requested by Patriot, Peabody will use its
 reasonable efforts to obtain necessary third-party consents to
 assign to Patriot existing coal supply agreements sourced by
 Patriot&#146;s operations. If Peabody is unable to assign such
 contracts, Patriot will continue to supply coal pursuant to the

 109

 Table of Contents 

 Master Coal Supply Agreements or the two other coal supply
 agreements discussed below. As shown in the chart below,
 Patriot&#146;s obligations under these contractual arrangements
 will diminish to approximately 6.5 million tons per year by
 2010.

 Patriot will maintain a separate sales and marketing subsidiary,
 and enter into its own coal supply arrangements for new
 business. As Peabody&#146;s underlying coal supply agreements
 expire, Peabody and Patriot may separately compete with each
 other and other coal suppliers for future business.

 Master
 Coal Supply Agreements 

 To ensure continuity of supply, Patriot will enter into one or
 more Master Coal Supply Agreements with certain Peabody
 subsidiaries, whereby Patriot will continue to supply coal
 sourced from its operations on substantially similar terms and
 conditions as the pre-existing contractual obligations. The
 Master Coal Supply Agreements will not apply to coal sold
 pursuant to the two coal supply agreements between Patriot and
 such Peabody subsidiaries discussed below.

 Coal
 Supply Agreement I 

 COALSALES II, LLC, a Peabody affiliate
 (COALSALES II) supplies approximately 2.9 million
 tons per year of coal to a steam coal customer pursuant to a
 long term coal supply agreement that runs through
 December 31, 2012 (Underlying Contract I).
 COALSALES II currently sources substantially all of the
 coal requirements of the Underlying Contract I with coal
 produced from Patriot&#146;s Rocklick and Big Mountain
 operations. To ensure continuity of supply to its customer,
 COALSALES II will enter into a new coal supply agreement
 with Patriot (Coal Supply Agreement I), whereby Patriot will
 supply coal to COALSALES II under substantially similar
 terms and conditions, including any contract extensions, as the
 Underlying Contract I, except for the pricing terms which
 will be more reflective of anticipated long-term market pricing
 for similar quality coal.

 Coal
 Supply Agreement II 

 COALSALES, LLC, a Peabody affiliate (COALSALES), supplies coal
 to another steam coal customer pursuant to a coal supply
 agreement that runs through December 31, 2016 (Underlying
 Contract II) with a potential price reopener for all
 deliveries commencing January 1, 2012. COALSALES currently
 sources Underlying Contract II with 3.5 million tons
 per year of coal produced from Patriot&#146;s Highland
 operation. To

 110

 Table of Contents 

 ensure continuity of supply to its customer, COALSALES will
 enter into a new coal supply agreement with Patriot (Coal
 SupplyAgreement II), whereby Patriot will supply coal to
 COALSALES at the same price and under substantially similar
 terms and conditions as the Underlying Contract II through
 December 31, 2011.

 Certain
 Real Property Arrangements 

 Following the spin-off, Patriot and its affiliates will control
 approximately 1.2 billion tons of proven and probable coal
 reserves and related surface property in West Virginia, western
 Kentucky and Illinois through various means, including fee
 ownership, coal leases and option agreements. Except for certain
 easements, rights of access and similar rights due to the
 adjacent ownership of real property in western Kentucky, no
 continuing real property relationships between Peabody and
 Patriot are contemplated as part of the spin-off. Following the
 separation, Patriot and Peabody may enter into other commercial
 real property agreements from time to time, the terms of which
 will be determined at those relevant times.

 Throughput
 Agreement 

 Since 1985, Patriot&#146;s operations have transloaded coal for
 seaborne markets through Dominion Terminal Associates (DTA), a
 coal transloading and ground storage facility in Newport News,
 Virginia. Peabody owns a 30% interest in DTA. In connection with
 the spin-off, Patriot will enter into a five-year throughput
 agreement with Peabody pursuant to which Patriot will continue
 to utilize the DTA facility for transloading seaborne shipments
 from Central Appalachia which originate on the CSX railroad at
 an agreed fair value rate.

 Master
 Equipment Sublease Agreement 

 Certain mining equipment and facilities used in the Patriot
 business are leased from third parties by various Peabody
 affiliates. Following the spin-off, Patriot will sublease such
 equipment and facilities from Peabody on terms and conditions
 substantially similar to the third-party lease agreements. The
 sublease payments will be approximately $17 million in 2008
 and decline to $2.2 million per year by 2011 assuming
 exercise of certain buy-out options related to such equipment
 and facilities. After the spin-off, all new equipment and
 facilities leases will be entered into by Patriot without
 Peabody involvement. Upon expiration of an underlying equipment
 lease, Patriot shall have the right to exercise any applicable
 buy-out rights or return the respective equipment to the lessor
 in accordance with the terms of such lease. Patriot shall
 indemnify, defend and hold Peabody harmless from and against any
 and all claims, damages, costs and expenses related to the
 subleased equipment or any breach by Patriot of the master
 sublease agreement or its underlying lease agreements. Subject
 to the foregoing, Patriot will be responsible for acquiring and
 maintaining all equipment and facilities used in the operation
 of its businesses following the spin-off.

 Guarantees 

 Patriot and its subsidiaries are guarantors with respect to
 Peabody&#146;s public debt, which totaled approximately
 $2.5 billion as of June 30, 2007. In addition, Patriot
 and its subsidiaries guarantee Peabody&#146;s $1.8 billion
 revolving credit facility and term loan with an outstanding
 balance of $522 million as of June 30, 2007. It is a
 condition to the spin-off that Patriot will be released from all
 such guarantee obligations.

 Peabody currently does not guarantee any outstanding debt
 obligations of Patriot or its subsidiaries. In the normal course
 of business, Peabody has guaranteed the performance of Patriot
 and its subsidiaries under various arrangements, including real
 property leases, equipment and fixture leases, coal supply
 agreements and other contracts. Those obligations which can be
 quantified include payments under premises leases, equipment
 leases and maintenance contracts. The total amount of such
 guarantee obligations was approximately $50 million as of
 June 30, 2007. For other obligations, including guarantees
 of mineral and real property leases and performance guarantees
 under coal supply agreements, Peabody&#146;s potential exposure
 depends upon future production and market prices, which cannot
 be determined at this time. It is not a condition to the
 spin-off that these guarantees be released, and we do not expect
 that all such guarantees will be released by the consummation of
 the spin-off.

 111

 Table of Contents 

 Software
 License Agreement 

 Pursuant to the software license agreement, Peabody will grant
 to Patriot a non-exclusive license, solely in connection with
 Patriot&#146;s operation of the Patriot business, to install,
 copy and distribute internally, use and create improvements,
 enhancements and modifications to certain proprietary software
 applications. The license is conditioned upon Patriot&#146;s
 prior acquisition, at Patriot&#146;s expense, of a license to
 all third party software applications, code or other proprietary
 data or information which must be on the same platform in order
 for the licensed software to run. Peabody will also grant the
 right to copy and distribute internally, use and create
 improvements, enhancements or modifications to any related
 documentation developed by Peabody that pertains to the
 operation of the licensed software applications.

 The software license agreement will continue indefinitely,
 subject to certain termination rights, such as upon a change of
 control of Patriot. The agreement also will provide that Peabody
 may, but is under no obligation to, provide Patriot with
 improvements, enhancements or modifications it makes to the
 licensed software applications and related documentation after
 the date of the spin-off. Patriot may make its own improvements,
 enhancements or modifications to the licensed software
 applications and related documentation, but all intellectual
 property rights therein will be owned by Peabody and licensed to
 Patriot under this agreement. Peabody will not provide support
 and maintenance services to Patriot in connection with the
 licensed software applications other than under the Transition
 Services Agreement. As consideration for the license granted
 under the software license agreement, Patriot will pay Peabody a
 non-refundable upfront license fee of $1.2 million. We do not
 currently anticipate that Peabody will provide us with updates,
 enhancements or modifications to the licensed software
 applications during the term of the software license agreement.

 Common
 Interest Agreement 

 In connection with the spin-off, we and Peabody will enter into
 a common interest agreement, which will set forth the terms
 under which we will cooperate with Peabody with respect to
 claims, suits, investigations or other proceedings that have
 been, or that in the future could be, initiated against us or
 Peabody. With the exception of situations where a conflict of
 interest arises between us and Peabody, under the common
 interest agreement, the attorney-client privilege and the work
 product doctrine will apply to all privileged information and
 work product exchanged between us and Peabody.

 The common interest agreement will provide that the parties will
 share such information and documents as they deem appropriate
 under the law with the other parties and their officers,
 directors, employees, advisors or agents, so long as such person
 is informed by the applicable party of the confidential nature
 of the shared information and documents and is obligated to
 treat such information and documents in accordance with the
 provisions of the common interest agreement. If any third party
 requests, by summons, subpoena or otherwise, the production of
 any privileged documents from any party to the common interest
 agreement, the recipient of such demand will immediately notify
 the other party and will take all reasonable steps to permit the
 assertion of all applicable rights and privileges with respect
 to the documents and information subject to the request.

 112

 Table of Contents 

 DESCRIPTION
 OF OUR CAPITAL STOCK 

 The following is a summary of information concerning our capital
 stock, the terms of which are set forth in our certificate of
 incorporation and by-laws. Our certificate of incorporation and
 our by-laws are included in their entirety as exhibits to the
 registration statement of which this information statement is a
 part.

 Authorized
 and Outstanding Capital Stock 

 Immediately following the spin-off, our authorized capital stock
 will consist of 100 million shares of common stock, par
 value $0.01 per share, and 10 million shares of
 preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share. The authorized
 preferred shares shall include 1 million shares of
 Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. Based on the
 approximately 265 million shares of Peabody common stock
 that we expect to be outstanding on the record date, and a
 distribution ratio of one share of Patriot common stock for
 every ten shares of Peabody common stock, we will have
 approximately 26.5 million shares of common stock
 outstanding immediately following the spin-off. The actual
 number of shares to be distributed will be determined on the
 record date. No shares of preferred stock will be outstanding
 immediately following the spin-off.

 Common
 Stock 

 Dividends 

 Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any series of
 preferred stock, the owners of our common stock may receive
 dividends when declared by the Board of Directors out of funds
 legally available for the payment of dividends. All decisions
 regarding the declaration and payment of dividends, including
 with respect to the initial dividend, will be evaluated from
 time to time in light of our financial condition, earnings,
 growth prospects, funding requirements, applicable law and other
 factors our Board deems relevant.

 Voting
 Rights 

 Each share of common stock will be entitled to one vote in the
 election of directors and all other matters submitted to
 stockholder vote. Except as otherwise required by law or
 provided in any resolution adopted by our Board of Directors
 with respect to any series of preferred stock, the holders of
 our common stock will possess all voting power. There will be no
 cumulative voting rights.

 Liquidation
 Rights 

 If we liquidate, dissolve or
 wind-up our
 business, whether voluntarily or not, our common stockholders
 will share equally in the distribution of all assets remaining
 after payment to creditors and preferred stockholders.

 Preemptive
 Rights 

 The common stock will have no preemptive or similar rights.

 Listing 

 We intend to apply to have our common stock authorized for
 listing on the NYSE under the trading symbol &#147;PCX&#148;.

 Transfer
 Agent and Registrar 

 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock will be
 American Stock Transfer &#038; Trust Company.

 Preferred
 Stock 

 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board of
 Directors, without the approval of our stockholders, to fix the
 designation, powers, preferences and rights of one or more
 series of preferred stock, which may

 113

 Table of Contents 

 be greater than those of our common stock. We believe that the
 ability of our Board to issue one or more series of preferred
 stock will provide us with flexibility in structuring possible
 future financings and acquisitions and in meeting other
 corporate needs that might arise. The issuance of shares of our
 preferred stock, or the issuance of rights to purchase shares of
 preferred stock, could be used to discourage an unsolicited
 acquisition proposal. See &#147;Anti-Takeover Effects of
 Provisions of Delaware Law and our Charter and By-Laws&#148;
 below.

 Immediately following the spin-off, no shares of preferred stock
 will be outstanding and we have no present plans to issue any
 shares of our preferred stock other than shares of our preferred
 stock that may become issuable pursuant to our rights plan
 described below.

 Authorized
 but Unissued Capital Stock 

 Delaware law does not require stockholder approval for any
 issuance of authorized shares. However, the listing requirements
 of the NYSE, which would apply so long as the common stock
 remains listed on the NYSE, require stockholder approval of
 certain issuances equal to or exceeding 20% of the
 then-outstanding number of shares of common stock. These
 additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate
 purposes, including future public offerings, to raise additional
 capital or to facilitate acquisitions.

 One of the effects of the existence of unissued and unreserved
 common stock or preferred stock may be to enable our Board of
 Directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current
 management, which issuance could render more difficult or
 discourage an attempt to obtain control of our company by means
 of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and
 thereby protect the continuity of our management and possibly
 deprive the stockholders of opportunities to sell their shares
 of common stock at prices higher than prevailing market prices.

 Anti-Takeover
 Effects of Provisions of Delaware Law and our Charter and
 By-Laws 

 Delaware
 Law 

 We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the
 Delaware General Corporation Law, which applies to a broad range
 of business combinations between a Delaware corporation and an
 interested stockholder. The Delaware law definition of business
 combination includes mergers, sales of assets, issuances of
 voting stock and certain other transactions. An interested
 stockholder is defined as any person who owns, directly or
 indirectly, 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of a
 corporation.

 Section 203 prohibits a corporation from engaging in a
 business combination with an interested stockholder for a period
 of three years following the date on which the stockholder
 became an interested stockholder, unless:

 &#149; 

 the Board of Directors approved the business combination before
 the stockholder became an interested stockholder, or the Board
 approved the transaction that resulted in the stockholder
 becoming an interested stockholder;

 &#149; 

 upon completion of the transaction which resulted in the
 stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, such stockholder
 owned at least 85% of the voting stock outstanding when the
 transaction began other than shares held by directors who are
 also officers and other than shares held by certain employee
 stock plans; or

 &#149; 

 the Board approved the business combination after the
 stockholder became an interested stockholder and the business
 combination was approved at a meeting by at least two-thirds of
 the outstanding voting stock not owned by such stockholder.

 These limitations on business combinations with interested
 stockholders do not apply to a corporation that does not have a
 class of stock listed on a national securities exchange,
 authorized for quotation on an interdealer quotation system of a
 registered national securities association or held of record by
 more than 2,000 stockholders.

 114

 Table of Contents 

 The provisions of Section 203 may encourage companies
 interested in acquiring our company to negotiate in advance with
 our Board because the stockholder approval requirement would be
 avoided if our Board approves either the business combination or
 the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an
 interested stockholder. These provisions also may have the
 effect of preventing changes in our Board and may make it more
 difficult to accomplish transactions which stockholders may
 otherwise deem to be in their best interests.

 Certificate
 of Incorporation; By-Laws 

 Our certificate of incorporation and by-laws contain provisions
 that could make more difficult the acquisition of Patriot by
 means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise. These
 provisions are summarized below.

 Classes of Preferred Stock. Under our
 certificate of incorporation, our Board of Directors has the
 full authority permitted by Delaware law to determine the voting
 rights, if any, and designations, preferences, limitations and
 special rights of any class or any series of any class of the
 preferred stock, which may be greater than those of our common
 stock. The effects of the issuance of a new series or class of
 preferred stock might include, among other things, restricting
 dividends on our common stock, diluting the voting power of our
 common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of our common
 stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control of our
 company.

 Removal of Directors; Filling Vacancies. Our
 certificate of incorporation and by-laws provide that directors
 may be removed only for cause and only upon the affirmative vote
 of holders of at least 75% of the voting power of all the
 outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote generally in the
 election of directors, voting together as a single class.
 Additionally, only our Board will be authorized to fix the
 number of directors and to fill any vacancies on our Board.
 These provisions could make it more difficult for a potential
 acquirer to gain control of our Board.

 Stockholder Action. Our certificate of
 incorporation and by-laws provide that stockholder action can be
 taken only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders and
 may not be taken by written consent in lieu of a meeting. Our
 certificate of incorporation and by-laws provide that special
 meetings of stockholders can be called only by our Chief
 Executive Officer or pursuant to a resolution adopted by our
 Board. Stockholders are not permitted to call a special meeting
 or to require that the Board call a special meeting of
 stockholders.

 Advance Notice Procedures. Our by-laws
 establish an advance notice procedure for stockholders to make
 nominations of candidates for election as directors, or bring
 other business before an annual or special meeting of our
 stockholders. This notice procedure provides that only persons
 who are nominated by, or at the direction of our Board, the
 chairman of the Board, or by a stockholder who has given timely
 written notice to the secretary of our company prior to the
 meeting at which directors are to be elected, will be eligible
 for election as directors. This procedure also requires that, in
 order to raise matters at an annual or special meeting, those
 matters be raised before the meeting pursuant to the notice of
 meeting we deliver or by, or at the direction of, our chairman
 or by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and
 who has given timely written notice to the secretary of our
 company of his intention to raise those matters at the annual
 meeting. If our chairman or other officer presiding at a meeting
 determines that a person was not nominated, or other business
 was not brought before the meeting, in accordance with the
 notice procedure, that person will not be eligible for election
 as a director, or that business will not be conducted at the
 meeting.

 Classified Board of Directors. Our certificate
 of incorporation provides for our Board to be divided into three
 classes of directors, as nearly equal in number as possible,
 serving staggered terms. Approximately one-third of our Board
 will be elected each year. Under Section 141 of Delaware
 General Corporation Law, directors serving on a classified Board
 can only be removed for cause. We expect that Class I
 directors will have an initial term expiring in 2008,
 Class II directors will have an initial term expiring in
 2009 and Class III directors will have an initial term
 expiring in 2010. After the separation, we expect our Board will
 consist of seven directors. After the initial term of each
 class, our directors will serve three-year terms. At each annual
 meeting of stockholders, a class of directors will be elected
 for a three-year term to succeed the directors of the same class
 whose terms are then expiring.

 115

 Table of Contents 

 The provision for a classified board could prevent a party that
 acquires control of a majority of the outstanding voting stock
 from obtaining control of our Board until the second annual
 stockholders meeting following the date the acquiror obtains the
 controlling stock interest. The classified board provision could
 have the effect of discouraging a potential acquiror from making
 a tender offer for our shares or otherwise attempting to obtain
 control of us and could increase the likelihood that our
 incumbent directors will retain their positions. We believe that
 a classified board will help to assure the continuity and
 stability of our Board and our business strategies and policies
 as determined by our Board, because a majority of the directors
 at any given time will have prior experience on our Board. The
 classified board provision should also help to ensure that our
 Board, if confronted with an unsolicited proposal from a third
 party that has acquired a block of our voting stock, will have
 sufficient time to review the proposal and appropriate
 alternatives and to seek the best available result for all
 stockholders.

 Amendments. Our certificate of incorporation
 provides that the affirmative vote of the holders of at least
 75% of the voting power of the outstanding shares entitled to
 vote, voting together as a single class, is required to amend
 the provisions of our certificate of incorporation relating to
 the prohibition of stockholder action without a meeting, the
 number, election and term of our directors, the classified board
 and the removal of directors. Our certificate of incorporation
 further provides that our by-laws may be amended by our Board or
 by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75% of the
 outstanding shares entitled to vote, voting together as a single
 class.

 Rights
 Agreement 

 Our Board of Directors will adopt a rights agreement on or
 before the consummation of the spin-off. Under the rights
 agreement, we expect to issue one preferred share purchase right
 for each outstanding share of common stock. A description of the
 terms of the rights is set forth in a rights agreement between
 Patriot and the designated rights agent. The following
 description is intended as a summary of the rights agreement,
 which is filed in its entirety as an exhibit to the
 registration statement of which this document is a part.

 Purchase
 Price 

 Once the rights become exercisable, each right will entitle the
 registered holder to purchase from us one one-hundredth of a
 share of our Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock,
 or preferred shares, par value $0.01 per share, at a price
 of $ per one one-hundredth of
 a preferred share, subject to adjustment.

 Flip-In 

 In the event that any person or group of affiliated or
 associated persons acquires beneficial ownership of 15% or more
 of our outstanding common stock, each holder of a right, other
 than rights beneficially owned by the acquiring person (which
 will thereafter be void), will thereafter have the right to
 receive upon exercise that number of shares of our common stock
 having a market value of two times the exercise price of the
 right.

 Flip-Over 

 If we are acquired in a merger or other business combination
 transaction or 50% or more of our combined assets or earning
 power are sold after a person or group acquires beneficial
 ownership of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock, each
 holder of a right (other than rights beneficially owned by the
 acquiring person, which will be void) will thereafter have the
 right to receive that number of shares of common stock of the
 acquiring company which at the time of such transaction will
 have a market value of two times the exercise price of the right.

 Distribution
 Date 

 The distribution date is the earlier of: (1) 10 days
 following a public announcement that a person or group of
 affiliated or associated persons have acquired beneficial
 ownership of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock; or
 (2) 10 business days (or such later date as may be
 determined by action of our Board of Directors prior to such
 time as any person or group of affiliated persons acquires
 beneficial ownership of 15%

 116

 Table of Contents 

 or more of our outstanding common stock) following the
 commencement of, or announcement of an intention to make, a
 tender offer or exchange offer the consummation of which would
 result in the beneficial ownership by a person or group of 15%
 or more of our outstanding common stock.

 Transfer
 and Detachment 

 Until the distribution date, the rights will be evidenced by
 book entry in our direct registration system. Until the
 distribution date (or earlier redemption or expiration of the
 rights), the rights will be transferred with and only with the
 common stock, and transfer of those shares will also constitute
 transfer of the rights.

 Exercisability 

 The rights are not exercisable until the distribution date. The
 rights will expire at the earliest of
 (1) ,
 2017, unless that date is extended, (2) the time at which
 we redeem the rights, as described below, or (3) the time
 at which we exchange the rights, as described below.

 Adjustments 

 The purchase price payable, and the number of preferred shares
 or other securities or property issuable, upon exercise of the
 rights are subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent
 dilution in the event of stock dividends, stock splits,
 reclassifications, or certain distributions with respect to
 preferred shares. The number of outstanding rights and the
 number of one one-hundredths of a preferred share issuable upon
 exercise of each right are also subject to adjustment if, prior
 to the distribution date, there is a stock split of our common
 stock or a stock dividend on our common stock payable in common
 stock or subdivisions, consolidations or combinations of our
 common stock. With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the
 purchase price will be required until cumulative adjustments
 require an adjustment of at least 1% in the purchase price.

 Preferred
 Shares 

 Preferred shares purchasable upon exercise of the rights will
 not be redeemable. Each preferred share will be entitled to a
 minimum preferential quarterly dividend payment of
 $1.00 per share but will be entitled to an aggregate
 dividend of 100 times the dividend declared per share of common
 stock. In the event of liquidation, the holders of the preferred
 shares will be entitled to a minimum preferential liquidation
 payment of $100 per share but will be entitled to an
 aggregate payment of 100 times the payment made per share of
 common stock. Each preferred share will have 100 votes, voting
 together with the common stock. Finally, in the event of any
 merger, consolidation or other transaction in which shares of
 our common stock are exchanged, each preferred share will be
 entitled to receive 100 times the amount received per share of
 common stock. These rights are protected by customary
 anti-dilution provisions.

 The value of the one one-hundredth interest in a preferred share
 purchasable upon exercise of each right should, because of the
 nature of the preferred shares&#146; dividend, liquidation and
 voting rights, approximate the value of one share of our common
 stock.

 Exchange 

 At any time after any person or group acquires beneficial
 ownership of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock, and
 prior to the acquisition by such person or group of beneficial
 ownership of 50% or more of our outstanding common stock, our
 Board of Directors may exchange the rights (other than rights
 owned by the acquiring person, which will have become void), in
 whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one share of our
 common stock, or one one-hundredth of a preferred share (subject
 to adjustment).

 Redemption 

 At any time prior to any person or group acquiring beneficial
 ownership of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock, our
 Board of Directors may redeem the rights in whole, but not in
 part, at a price of $0.001 per right. The redemption of the
 rights may be made effective at such time on such basis with
 such

 117

 Table of Contents 

 conditions as our Board in its sole discretion may establish.
 Immediately upon any redemption of the rights, the right to
 exercise the rights will terminate and the only right of the
 holders of rights will be to receive the redemption price.

 Amendments 

 The terms of the rights may be amended by our Board of Directors
 without the consent of the holders of the rights, including an
 amendment to lower certain thresholds described above to not
 less than 10%, except that the Board may not reduce or cancel
 the redemption price and from and after such time as any person
 or group of affiliated or associated persons acquires beneficial
 ownership of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock, no
 such amendment may adversely affect the interests of the holders
 of the rights.

 Rights
 of Holders 

 Until a right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will
 have no rights as a stockholder of our company, including,
 without limitation, the right to vote or to receive dividends.

 Anti-takeover
 Effects 

 The rights have certain anti-takeover effects. If the rights
 become exercisable, the rights will cause substantial dilution
 to a person or group that attempts to acquire us on terms not
 approved by our Board of Directors, except pursuant to any offer
 conditioned on a substantial number of rights being acquired.
 The rights should not interfere with any merger or other
 business combination approved by our Board since the rights may
 be redeemed by us at a nominal price prior to the time that a
 person or group has acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or more
 of our common stock. Thus, the rights are intended to encourage
 persons who may seek to acquire control of us to initiate such
 an acquisition through negotiations with our Board. However, the
 effect of the rights may be to discourage a third party from
 making a partial tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain
 a substantial equity position in our equity securities or
 seeking to obtain control of us. To the extent any potential
 acquirors are deterred by the rights, the rights may have the
 effect of preserving incumbent management in office.

 INDEMNIFICATION
 AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 

 Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
 provides that, among other things, a corporation may indemnify
 directors and officers as well as other employees and agents of
 the corporation against expenses (including attorneys&#146;
 fees), judgments, fines, and amounts paid in settlement in
 connection with specified actions, suits or proceedings, whether
 civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than
 actions by or in the right of the corporation, i.e. a
 &#147;derivative action&#148;), if they acted in good faith and
 in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
 the best interests of the corporation and, with respect to any
 criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to
 believe their conduct was unlawful. A similar standard is
 applicable in the case of derivative actions, except that
 indemnification only extends to expenses (including
 attorneys&#146; fees) incurred in connection with the defense or
 settlement of such actions, and the statute requires court
 approval before there can be any indemnification where the
 person seeking indemnification has been found liable to the
 corporation. The statute provides that it is not exclusive of
 other indemnification that may be granted by a
 corporation&#146;s by-laws, disinterested director vote,
 stockholder vote, agreement or otherwise.

 Patriot&#146;s certificate of incorporation and by-laws require
 indemnification to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law.
 We also intend to obtain directors&#146; and officers&#146;
 liability insurance providing coverage to our officers and
 directors. In addition, we intend to enter into indemnification
 agreements with each of our directors and certain officers.
 Patriot&#146;s certificate of incorporation requires the
 advancement of expenses incurred by officers and directors in
 relation to any action, suit or proceeding.

 Section 102(b)(7) of the Delaware General Corporation Law
 permits a corporation to provide in its certificate of
 incorporation that a director of the corporation shall not be
 personally liable to the corporation or

 118

 Table of Contents 

 its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary
 duties as a director, except for liability (i) for any
 transaction from which the director derives an improper personal
 benefit, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or
 that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of
 law, (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware General
 Corporation Law (certain illegal distributions), or
 (iv) for any breach of a director&#146;s duty of loyalty to
 the corporation or its stockholders. Patriot&#146;s certificate
 of incorporation includes such a provision.

 2008
 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS 

 Our by-laws provide that an annual meeting of stockholders will
 be held each year on a date specified by our Board of Directors.
 The first annual meeting of our stockholders after the spin-off
 is expected to be held in May of 2008. In order to be considered
 for inclusion in our proxy materials for the 2008 annual
 stockholders meeting, any proposals by stockholders must be
 received at our principal executive offices set forth on
 page 6, Attn: Corporate Secretary, prior
 to ,
 2007. We anticipate commencing the mailing of proxies for the
 2008 annual stockholders&#146; meeting
 in ,
 2008.

 Under Patriot&#146;s by-laws, any stockholder who wishes to
 nominate a director or bring other business before the
 stockholders at the 2008 Annual Meeting without having such
 proposal included in the proxy statement:

 &#149; 

 Must notify the Corporate Secretary in writing at Patriot&#146;s
 principal executive offices
 between 
 and ;
 however, if Patriot advances the date of the meeting by more
 than 20 days or delays the date by more than 70 days,
 from ,
 2008, then such notice must be received not earlier than
 120 days before the date of the annual meeting and not
 later than the close of business on the
 90 th day
 before such date or the
 10 th day
 after public disclosure of the meeting is made; and

 &#149; 

 Such notice must contain the specific information required by
 Patriot&#146;s by-laws regarding the proposal or nominee,
 including, but not limited to, name, address, shares held, a
 description of the proposal or information regarding the nominee
 and other specified matters.

 You can obtain a copy of Patriot&#146;s by-laws without charge
 by writing to the Corporate Secretary at the address shown
 above. These requirements are separate from and in addition to
 the requirements a stockholder must meet to have a proposal
 included in Patriot&#146;s proxy statement. The foregoing time
 limits also apply in determining whether notice is timely for
 purposes of rules adopted by the SEC relating to the exercise of
 discretionary voting authority.

 DESCRIPTION
 OF INDEBTEDNESS 

 Our indebtedness is expected to consist of the following after
 the spin-off:

 Revolving 

 Senior Secured 

 (Dollars in millions) 

 Credit Facility 

 Loan 

 Total 

 Bank credit facility
 and/or notes

 $

 $

 $

 Outstanding

 Letters of credit outstanding

 Unused commitments

 We anticipate entering into a $500 million, 5-year
 revolving credit facility, in order to provide for our working
 capital requirements, to support letters of credit and for other
 general corporate requirements, including the financing of
 acquisitions. We expect that our credit facility will be
 utilized at the effective date of the spin-off to replace
 certain Peabody letters of credit and surety bonds currently in
 place with respect to Patriot obligations. It is estimated that
 this initial usage will be approximately $250 million.

 We expect that borrowings under our credit facility will be
 secured by a first lien on Patriot&#146;s assets including, but
 not limited to, coal reserves, property, plant, equipment and
 mine development and accounts receivable. The terms and
 conditions for this facility are expected to be substantially
 similar to those of other companies of similar standing.

 119

 Table of Contents 

 We expect that the terms of the credit facility will contain
 certain customary events of default which generally give the
 banks the right to accelerate payments of outstanding debt,
 including without limitation:

 &#149; 

 failure to maintain required covenant ratios, as described below;

 &#149; 

 failure to make a payment of principal, interest or fees within
 a grace period; and

 &#149; 

 default, beyond any applicable grace period, on any of our
 aggregate indebtedness exceeding a certain amount.

 The bank credit facility will contain certain customary
 financial covenants limiting our indebtedness (maximum leverage
 ratios) and requiring minimum EBITDA coverage of interest
 expense (minimum interest coverage ratios) as well as
 limitations on additional debt, dividends and asset sales.

 120

 Table of Contents 

 WHERE YOU
 CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 

 Patriot has filed with the SEC a registration statement on
 Form 10 with respect to the shares of Patriot common stock
 to be received by the stockholders of Peabody in the spin-off.
 This information statement does not contain all of the
 information set forth in the Form 10 registration statement
 and the exhibits to the Form 10 registration statement. For
 further information with respect to Patriot and the shares of
 Patriot common stock, reference is hereby made to the
 Form 10 registration statement, including its exhibits.
 Statements made in this information statement relating to the
 contents of any contract, agreement or other documents are not
 necessarily complete and you should refer to the exhibits
 attached to the registration statement for copies of the actual
 contract, agreement or other document, with each such statement
 being qualified in all respects by reference to the document to
 which it refers. You may review a copy of the Form 10
 registration statement, including its exhibits, at the
 SEC&#146;s public reference room, located at 100 F Street,
 N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain copies of all
 or any part of these materials from the SEC upon the payment of
 certain fees prescribed by the SEC. You may obtain further
 information on the operation of the public reference room by
 calling the SEC at
 1-800-SEC-0330. 
 In addition, copies of the Form 10 registration statement
 and related documents may be obtained through the SEC Internet
 address at http://www.sec.gov.

 As a result of the spin-off, Patriot will become subject to the
 information and reporting requirements of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934 and, in accordance with the Exchange Act,
 will file reports, proxy statements and other information with
 the SEC. After the spin-off, these reports, proxy statements and
 other information may be inspected and copied at the public
 reference facilities of the SEC listed above. You also will be
 able to obtain copies of this material without charge at the
 SEC&#146;s web site.

 In addition, Patriot intends to furnish holders of Patriot
 common stock with annual reports containing combined financial
 statements audited by an independent accounting firm.

 121

 Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Page 

 Report of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm

 F-2

 Audited Combined Financial
 Statements 

 Combined Statements of Operations
 for the Years Ended December 31, 2004, 2005 and 2006

 F-3

 Combined Balance Sheets as of
 December 31, 2005 and 2006

 F-4

 Combined Statements of Cash Flows
 for the Years Ended December 31, 2004, 2005 and 2006

 F-5

 Combined Statements of Changes to
 Invested Capital (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31,
 2004, 2005 and 2006

 F-6

 Notes to Combined Financial
 Statements

 F-7

 Unaudited Condensed Combined
 Financial Statements 

 Unaudited Condensed Combined
 Statements of Operations for the Six Months Ended June 30,
 2006 and 2007

 F-32

 Condensed Combined Balance Sheets
 as of December 31, 2006 and June 30, 2007 (Unaudited)

 F-33

 Unaudited Condensed Combined
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended June 30,
 2006 and 2007

 F-34

 Notes to Unaudited Condensed
 Combined Financial Statements

 F-35

 The financial statements of a subsidiary of the Group, as
 defined in Note 1, KE Ventures, LLC, as of and for the
 years ended December 31, 2004 and 2005 are required by
 Rule 3-09 
 of
 Regulation S-X 
 and are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the
 registration statement of which this information statement is a
 part.

 F-1

 Table of Contents 

 Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 The Board of Directors and Stockholders

 Peabody Energy Corporation

 We have audited the accompanying combined balance sheets of
 Patriot Coal Corporation (the Group), subsidiaries of Peabody
 Energy Corporation, as of December 31, 2005 and 2006, and
 the related combined statements of operations, changes in
 invested capital (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three
 years in the period ended December 31, 2006. These
 financial statements are the responsibility of the Group&#146;s
 management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
 combined financial statements based on our audits. We did not
 audit the financial statements of KE Ventures, LLC (a LLC in
 which the Group has a 73.9% ownership interest for 2006 and 49%
 for 2005 and 2004). KE Ventures, LLC is a consolidated entity as
 of December 31, 2006 and for the year ended
 December 31, 2006. KE Ventures, LLC total assets are
 $85 million as of December 31, 2006 and total revenues
 are $103.8 million for the year ended December 31,
 2006. KE Ventures, LLC is an investee as of December 31,
 2005 and for each of the two years in the period ended
 December 31, 2005. In the combined financial statements,
 the Group&#146;s investment in KE Ventures, LLC is stated at
 $44.0 million as of December 31, 2005, and the
 Group&#146;s equity in the net income of KE Ventures, LLC is
 stated at $16.9 and $11.9 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. KE Ventures, LLC
 statements as of December 31, 2005 and 2006 and for the
 three years in the period ended December 31, 2006 were
 audited by other auditors whose report has been furnished to us,
 and our opinion, insofar as it relates to the amounts included
 for KE Ventures, LLC, is based solely on the reports of the
 other auditors.

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an
 audit of the Group&#146;s internal control over financial
 reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control
 over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit
 procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not
 for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
 the Group&#146;s internal control over financial reporting.
 Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
 examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
 disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, and evaluating the overall financial statement
 presentation. We believe that our audits and the report of other
 auditors provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

 In our opinion, based on our audits and the report of other
 auditors, the combined financial statements referred to above
 present fairly, in all material respects, the combined financial
 position of the Group at December 31, 2005 and 2006, and
 the combined results of its operations and its combined cash
 flows for each of the three years in the period ended
 December 31, 2006, in conformity with U.S. generally
 accepted accounting principles.

 As discussed in Note 1 to the combined financial
 statements, on January 1, 2005, the Group changed its
 method of accounting for exchanges of nonmonetary assets, and on
 December 31, 2006, the Group changed its method of
 accounting for postretirement benefit plans.

 /s/ Ernst &#038;
 Young LLP 

 St. Louis, Missouri

 August 17, 2007

 F-2

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries of Peabody Energy Corporation 

 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 COMBINED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Revenues 

 Sales

 $

 812,055

 $

 960,901

 $

 1,142,521

 Other revenues

 4,369

 17,376

 5,398

 Total revenues

 816,424

 978,277

 1,147,919

 Costs and Expenses 

 Operating costs and expenses

 740,816

 869,163

 1,051,932

 Depreciation, depletion and
 amortization

 62,580

 65,972

 86,458

 Asset retirement obligation expense

 27,262

 15,572

 24,282

 Selling and administrative expenses

 58,491

 57,123

 47,909

 Other operating income:

 Net gain on disposal or exchange
 of assets

 (5,764

 )

 (57,042

 )

 (78,631

 )

 Income from equity affiliates

 (12,335

 )

 (15,578

 )

 (60

 )

 Operating Profit
 (Loss) 

 (54,626

 )

 43,067

 16,029

 Interest expense

 12,701

 9,833

 11,419

 Interest income

 (918

 )

 (1,553

 )

 (1,417

 )

 Income (Loss) Before Income
 Taxes and Minority Interests 

 (66,409

 )

 34,787

 6,027

 Income tax provision

 &#151;

 &#151;

 8,350

 Minority interests

 275

 &#151;

 11,169

 Net Income (Loss) 

 $

 (66,684

 )

 $

 34,787

 $

 (13,492

 )

 See accompanying notes to the combined financial statements.

 F-3

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries of Peabody Energy Corporation 

 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 COMBINED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

 December 31, 

 2005 

 2006 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 ASSETS 

 Current assets

 Cash and cash equivalents

 $

 519

 $

 398

 Accounts receivable and other, net
 of allowance for doubtful accounts

 5,447

 31,583

 Net receivable from affiliates

 222,813

 141,021

 Inventories

 25,811

 34,692

 Prepaid expenses and other current
 assets

 1,783

 7,004

 Total current assets

 256,373

 214,698

 Property, plant, equipment and
 mine development

 Land and coal interests

 557,172

 628,569

 Buildings and improvements

 227,604

 270,990

 Machinery and equipment

 266,604

 377,693

 Less accumulated depreciation,
 depletion and amortization

 (330,658

 )

 (434,565

 )

 Property, plant, equipment and
 mine development, net

 720,722

 842,687

 Notes receivable

 13,626

 52,975

 Investments and other assets

 122,337

 67,821

 Total assets

 $

 1,113,058

 $

 1,178,181

 LIABILITIES AND INVESTED
 CAPITAL (DEFICIT) 

 Current liabilities

 Trade accounts payable

 $

 47,937

 $

 53,573

 Accrued expenses

 154,812

 162,871

 Total current liabilities

 202,749

 216,444

 Long-term debt

 11,459

 20,722

 Note payable to affiliate

 62,000

 62,000

 Asset retirement obligations

 134,447

 139,703

 Workers&#146; compensation
 obligations

 220,029

 207,860

 Accrued postretirement benefit
 costs

 807,641

 1,139,017

 Obligation to industry fund

 27,879

 25,626

 Other noncurrent liabilities

 45,606

 40,483

 Total liabilities

 1,511,810

 1,851,855

 Minority interests

 &#151;

 16,153

 Invested interest (deficit)

 (398,752

 )

 (367,706

 )

 Accumulated other comprehensive
 loss

 &#151;

 (322,121

 )

 Total invested capital (deficit)

 (398,752

 )

 (689,827

 )

 Total liabilities and invested
 capital (deficit)

 $

 1,113,058

 $

 1,178,181

 See accompanying notes to the combined financial statements.

 F-4

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries of Peabody Energy Corporation 

 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 COMBINED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Cash Flows From Operating
 Activities 

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (66,684

 )

 $

 34,787

 $

 (13,492

 )

 Adjustments to reconcile net
 income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating
 activities:

 Depreciation, depletion and
 amortization

 62,580

 65,972

 86,458

 Net gain on disposal or exchange
 of assets

 (5,764

 )

 (57,042

 )

 (78,631

 )

 Income from equity affiliates

 (12,335

 )

 (15,578

 )

 (60

 )

 Dividends received from equity
 investments

 6,184

 7,552

 9,935

 Changes in current assets and
 liabilities, net of acquisitions:

 Accounts receivable

 708

 4,844

 2,043

 Inventories

 (499

 )

 (4,497

 )

 (7,998

 )

 Other current assets

 (253

 )

 1,247

 (3,769

 )

 Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses

 13,100

 (6,596

 )

 (10,932

 )

 Asset retirement obligations

 (14,908

 )

 (13,465

 )

 3,006

 Workers&#146; compensation
 obligations

 8,173

 3,011

 (3,163

 )

 Accrued postretirement benefit
 costs

 (36,810

 )

 11,273

 4,677

 Obligation to industry fund

 (13,867

 )

 (3,033

 )

 (2,253

 )

 Other, net

 (1,830

 )

 (10,652

 )

 (6,562

 )

 Net cash provided by (used in)
 operating activities

 (62,205

 )

 17,823

 (20,741

 )

 Cash Flows From Investing
 Activities 

 Additions to property, plant,
 equipment and mine development

 (36,780

 )

 (75,151

 )

 (80,224

 )

 Acquisitions, net

 (2,490

 )

 &#151;

 (44,538

 )

 Additions to advance mining
 royalties

 (5,263

 )

 (6,094

 )

 (6,065

 )

 Proceeds from disposal of assets,
 net of notes receivable

 7,207

 13,496

 48,168

 Net change in receivables
 from/payables to affiliates

 93,176

 38,220

 84,652

 Net cash provided by (used in)
 investing activities

 55,850

 (29,529

 )

 1,993

 Cash Flows From Financing
 Activities 

 Contribution from Parent

 6,985

 &#151;

 44,538

 Long-term debt payments

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (23,792

 )

 Issuance of notes payable

 &#151;

 11,459

 &#151;

 Distribution to minority interests

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (2,119

 )

 Net cash provided by financing
 activities

 6,985

 11,459

 18,627

 Net increase (decrease) in cash
 and cash equivalents

 630

 (247

 )

 (121

 )

 Cash and cash equivalents at
 beginning of year

 136

 766

 519

 Cash and cash equivalents at end
 of year

 $

 766

 $

 519

 $

 398

 See accompanying notes to the combined financial statements.

 F-5

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries of Peabody Energy Corporation 

 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 COMBINED
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES TO INVESTED CAPITAL (DEFICIT) 

 Accumulated 

 Total 

 Invested 

 Other 

 Invested 

 Capital 

 Comprehensive 

 Capital 

 (Deficit) 

 Loss 

 (Deficit) 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 December 31, 2003

 $

 (1,140,585

 )

 $

 &#151;

 $

 (1,140,585

 )

 Net loss

 (66,684

 )

 &#151;

 (66,684

 )

 Contribution from Parent

 6,985

 &#151;

 6,985

 December 31, 2004

 (1,200,284

 )

 &#151;

 (1,200,284

 )

 Net income

 34,787

 &#151;

 34,787

 Dividend from subsidiary of Peabody

 766,745

 &#151;

 766,745

 December 31, 2005

 (398,752

 )

 &#151;

 (398,752

 )

 Net loss

 (13,492

 )

 &#151;

 (13,492

 )

 Postretirement plans and
 worker&#146;s compensation obligations (net of taxes of $0):

 Accumulated actuarial loss

 &#151;

 (318,614

 )

 (318,614

 )

 Prior service cost

 &#151;

 (3,507

 )

 (3,507

 )

 Contribution from Parent

 44,538

 &#151;

 44,538

 December 31, 2006

 $

 (367,706

 )

 $

 (322,121

 )

 $

 (689,827

 )

 See accompanying notes to the combined financial statements.

 F-6

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (1) Distribution,
 Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting
 Policies 

 Distribution 

 On April 19, 2007, Peabody Energy Corporation (Peabody)
 announced that it is evaluating strategic alternatives regarding
 the subsidiaries listed below. The evaluation is expected to
 result in a
 spin-off or
 other transaction involving these assets to enhance long-term
 shareholder value. In the event of a
 spin-off, 
 Peabody will distribute as a dividend to the stockholders of
 Peabody common stock of a corporation which will hold common
 stock or membership interests, as applicable, of these entities.
 A spin-off 
 would be effected in accordance with a separation agreement and
 other related agreements between Peabody and Patriot Coal
 Corporation (the Group) that will facilitate the transition of
 the Group into an independent, publicly traded company. The
 assets and operations in the transactions under consideration
 would consist of a portion of those that Peabody attributes to
 its eastern U.S. mining operations as reported in its
 Eastern U.S. Mining Operations business segment in its
 financial statements and Securities and Exchange Commission
 reports.

 Basis
 of Presentation 

 The combined financial statements for the Group include the
 accounts of the following entities:

 &#149; 

 Eastern Coal Company, LLC and subsidiaries, which own
 coal-mining operations in West Virginia and Kentucky;

 &#149; 

 Midwest Coal Resources II, LLC and subsidiaries, which own
 coal-mining operations in western Kentucky;

 &#149; 

 Indian Hill Company and subsidiaries, which own coal-mining
 operations in western Kentucky;

 &#149; 

 Central States Coal Reserves of Kentucky, LLC, HCR Holdings,
 LLC, and Cleaton Coal Company, all of which own coal reserves in
 the Illinois Basin; and

 &#149; 

 Snowberry Land Company and Fort Energy, LLC, which
 collectively own an effective 73.9% interest in the KE Ventures,
 LLC joint venture and its coal-mining operations in West
 Virginia.

 These entities are held by Peabody Investments Corp. (Parent),
 which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Peabody. All significant
 transactions, profits and balances have been eliminated between
 these entities. The Group operates in one domestic coal segment
 (see Note 18).

 The information discussed below primarily relates to the
 Group&#146;s historical results and may not necessarily reflect
 what its financial position, results of operations and cash
 flows will be in the future or would have been as a stand-alone
 company during the periods presented. Upon the completion of the
 spin-off, the Group&#146;s capital structure will be changed
 significantly and it will enter certain on-going operational
 agreements with Peabody to enhance both the financial position
 and cash flows of the Group. Such agreements include the
 assumption by Peabody of certain retiree healthcare liabilities
 and the re-pricing of a major coal supply agreement to reflect
 anticipated long-term market pricing for similar quality coal.

 In conjunction with the spin-off, the Group plans to enter into
 a $500 million, 5-year revolving credit facility, intended to
 provide for its working capital requirements, support letters of
 credit and for other general corporate requirements. The
 Group&#146;s credit facilities will be utilized to replace
 certain Peabody letters of credit and surety bonds currently in
 place with respect to the Group&#146;s obligations.

 F-7

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 Description
 of Business 

 The Group is engaged in the mining of steam coal for sale
 primarily to electric utilities and metallurgical coal for sale
 to steel mills and independent coke producers. The Group&#146;s
 mining operations are located in the eastern and midwestern
 United States, primarily in West Virginia and Kentucky. In
 addition to mining activities, the Group also manages its coal
 reserve and real estate holdings, including sales or other
 strategic transactions of its coal reserves and real estate
 properties.

 New
 Pronouncements 

 In September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (FASB) issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (SFAS)
 No. 158, &#147;Employers&#146; Accounting for Defined
 Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans&#148;
 (SFAS No. 158). For fiscal years ending after
 December 15, 2006, SFAS No. 158 requires
 recognition of the funded status of pension and other
 postretirement benefit plans (an asset for overfunded status or
 a liability for underfunded status) in a company&#146;s balance
 sheet. In addition, the standard requires recognition of
 actuarial gains and losses, prior service cost, and any
 remaining transition amounts from the initial application of
 SFAS No. 87, &#147;Employers&#146; Accounting for
 Pensions&#148; (SFAS No. 87) and
 SFAS No. 106, &#147;Employers&#146; Accounting for
 Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions&#148;
 (SFAS No. 106) when determining a plan&#146;s funded
 status, with a corresponding charge to accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss).

 The Group adopted SFAS No. 158 on December 31,
 2006, and as a result, recorded a noncurrent liability of
 $322.1 million, which reflected the net underfunded status
 of the retiree healthcare and workers&#146; compensation plans.
 The funded status of each plan was measured as the difference
 between the fair value of the assets and the projected benefit
 obligation (the funded status). SFAS No. 158 did not
 impact net income. The impact to the balance sheet was as
 follows (see Notes 11 and 13 for additional details):

 Before 

 After 

 Application of 

 Application of 

 SFAS No. 158 

 Adjustments 

 SFAS No. 158 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Workers&#146; compensation
 obligations

 $

 216,866

 $

 (9,006

 )

 $

 207,860

 Accrued postretirement benefit
 costs

 807,923

 331,094

 1,139,017

 Obligation to industry fund

 25,593

 33

 25,626

 Total liabilities

 1,529,734

 322,121

 1,851,855

 Accumulated other comprehensive
 loss

 &#151;

 (322,121

 )

 (322,121

 )

 Total invested capital (deficit)

 (367,706

 )

 (322,121

 )

 (689,827

 )

 In June 2006, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 48,
 &#147;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes &#151; an
 interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109&#148;
 (FIN No. 48). This interpretation prescribes a
 recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the
 financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax
 position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
 FIN No. 48 also provides guidance on derecognition,
 classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim
 periods, disclosure and transition. This interpretation is
 effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
 2006 (January 1, 2007 for the Group). Any adjustments
 required upon the adoption of this interpretation must be
 recorded directly to retained earnings in the year of adoption
 and reported as a change in accounting principle. The adoption
 of FIN No. 48 will not have a material impact on the
 Group&#146;s results of operations, financial position or cash
 flows.

 In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 153,
 &#147;Exchanges of Nonmonetary Assets &#151; an Amendment
 of APB Opinion 29 (SFAS No. 153),&#148; which became
 effective for fiscal periods beginning after

 F-8

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 June 15, 2005. Accounting Principles Board (APB) Opinion
 No. 29, &#147;Accounting for Nonmonetary
 Transactions,&#148; is based on the principle that exchanges of
 nonmonetary assets should be measured based on the fair value of
 the assets exchanged with certain exceptions to that general
 principle. SFAS No. 153 eliminates the exception to
 fair value measurement for exchanges of similar productive
 assets that previously existed under APB Opinion No. 29 and
 replaces it with a general exception for exchanges that lack
 commercial substance. The Group early adopted
 SFAS No. 153 on January 1, 2005, and applied
 these provisions to subsequent coal reserve exchanges (see
 Note 3). There were no nonmonetary exchanges in any periods
 presented prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 153.

 Sales 

 The Group&#146;s revenue from coal sales is realized and earned
 when risk of loss passes to the customer. Coal sales are made to
 the Group&#146;s customers under the terms of supply agreements,
 most of which are long-term (greater than one year). Under the
 typical terms of these coal supply agreements, title and risk of
 loss transfer to the customer at the mine, where coal is loaded
 to the rail, barge, truck or other transportation source(s) that
 serves each of the Group&#146;s mines. Shipping and
 transportation costs are generally borne by the customer. The
 Group incurs certain &#147;add-on&#148; taxes and fees on coal
 sales. Coal sales are reported including taxes and fees charged
 by various federal and state governmental bodies.

 Other
 Revenues 

 Other revenues include royalties related to coal lease
 agreements and farm income. Royalty income generally results
 from the lease or sublease of mineral rights to third parties,
 with payments based upon a percentage of the selling price or an
 amount per ton of coal produced. Certain agreements require
 minimum annual lease payments regardless of the extent to which
 minerals are produced from the leasehold, although revenue is
 only recognized on these payments as the mineral is mined. The
 terms of these agreements generally range from specified periods
 of 5 to 15 years, or can be for an unspecified period until
 all reserves are depleted.

 Cash
 and Cash Equivalents 

 Cash and cash equivalents are stated at cost, which approximates
 fair value. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid
 investments with original maturities of three months or less.

 Inventories 

 Materials and supplies and coal inventory are valued at the
 lower of average cost or market. Saleable coal represents coal
 stockpiles that will be sold in current conditions. Raw coal
 represents coal stockpiles that may be sold in current condition
 or may be further processed prior to shipment to a customer.
 Coal inventory costs include labor, supplies, equipment,
 operating overhead and other related costs.

 Property,
 Plant, Equipment and Mine Development 

 Property, plant, equipment and mine development are recorded at
 cost. Interest costs applicable to major asset additions are
 capitalized during the construction period, including
 $0.3 million, $0.1 million and $0.2 million for
 the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004,
 respectively.

 Expenditures which extend the useful lives of existing plant and
 equipment assets are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are
 charged to operating costs as incurred. Costs incurred to
 develop coal mines or to expand the capacity of operating mines
 are capitalized. Costs incurred to maintain current production
 capacity

 F-9

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 at a mine and exploration expenditures are charged to operating
 costs as incurred, including costs related to drilling and study
 costs incurred to convert or upgrade mineral resources to
 reserves. Costs to acquire computer hardware and the development
 and/or 
 purchase of software for internal use are capitalized and
 depreciated over the estimated useful lives.

 Coal reserves are recorded at cost, or at fair value in the case
 of acquired businesses. As of December 31, 2006 and 2005,
 the net book value of coal reserves totaled $436.2 million
 and $458.2 million, respectively. These amounts included
 $302.6 million and $352.5 million at December 31,
 2006 and 2005, respectively, attributable to properties where
 the Group was not currently engaged in mining operations or
 leasing to third parties and, therefore, the coal reserves were
 not currently being depleted. Included in the book value of coal
 reserves are mineral rights for leased coal interests including
 advance royalties and the net book value of these mineral rights
 was $239.7 million and $246.3 million at
 December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The remaining net
 book value of our coal reserves of $196.5 million and
 $211.9 million at December 31, 2006 and 2005,
 respectively, relates to coal reserves held by fee ownership.

 Depletion of coal reserves and amortization of advance royalties
 are computed using the
 units-of-production 
 method utilizing only proven and probable reserves (as adjusted
 for recoverability factors) in the depletion base. Mine
 development costs are principally amortized over the estimated
 lives of the mines using the straight-line method.

 Depreciation of plant and equipment (excluding life of mine
 assets) is computed using the straight-line method over the
 estimated useful lives as follows:

 Years 

 Building and improvements

 10 to 22

 Machinery and equipment

 3 to 30

 Leasehold improvements

 Shorter of life of asset, mine or
 lease

 In addition, certain plant and equipment assets associated with
 mining are depreciated using the straight-line method over the
 estimated life of the mine. Remaining lives vary from one to
 22 years. The charge against earnings for depreciation of
 property, plant, equipment and mine development was
 $47.5 million, $37.1 million and $37.0 million
 for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004,
 respectively.

 Intangible
 Assets 

 Intangible assets (included in &#147;Investments and other
 assets&#148;), consisting primarily of purchased contract rights
 that are amortized on a per-ton-shipped basis, were (on a gross
 basis) $58.9 million and $59.4 million at
 December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Accumulated
 amortization at December 31, 2006 and 2005 was
 $34.5 million and $31.4 million, respectively. The
 charge against earnings for amortization of intangible assets
 was $3.6 million, $3.7 million and $4.1 million
 for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004,
 respectively. These intangibles are also subject to evaluation
 for potential impairment if an event occurs or circumstances
 change that indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

 Investment
 in Joint Ventures 

 The Group accounts for its investment in less than
 majority-owned joint ventures under either the equity or cost
 method. The Group applies the equity method to investments in
 joint ventures when it has the ability to exercise significant
 influence over the operating and financial policies of the joint
 venture. Investments accounted for under the equity method are
 initially recorded at cost, and any difference between the cost
 of the Group&#146;s investment and the underlying equity in the
 net assets of the joint venture at the investment date is

 F-10

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 amortized over the lives of the related assets that gave rise to
 the difference. The book value of the Group&#146;s equity method
 investments as of December 31, 2006 and 2005 was
 $0.6 million and $44.5 million, respectively, and is
 reported in &#147;Investments and other assets&#148; in the
 combined balance sheets. The Group&#146;s pro rata share of
 earnings from joint ventures and basis difference amortization
 is reported in the combined statement of operations in
 &#147;Income from equity affiliates.&#148;

 Asset
 Retirement Obligations 

 SFAS No. 143, &#147;Accounting for Asset Retirement
 Obligations&#148; (SFAS No. 143) addresses financial
 accounting and reporting for obligations associated with the
 retirement of tangible long-lived assets and the associated
 asset retirement costs. The Group&#146;s asset retirement
 obligation (&#147;ARO&#148;) primarily consist of spending
 estimates related to reclaiming surface land and support
 facilities at both surface and underground mines in accordance
 with federal and state reclamation laws as defined by each
 mining permit.

 The Group estimates its ARO liabilities for final reclamation
 and mine closure based upon detailed engineering calculations of
 the amount and timing of the future cash spending for a
 third-party to perform the required work. Spending estimates are
 escalated for inflation and then discounted at the
 credit-adjusted, risk-free rate. The Group records an ARO asset
 associated with the discounted liability for final reclamation
 and mine closure. The obligation and corresponding asset are
 recognized in the period in which the liability is incurred. The
 ARO asset is amortized on the
 units-of-production 
 method over its expected life and the ARO liability is accreted
 to the projected spending date. As changes in estimates occur
 (such as mine plan revisions, changes in estimated costs or
 changes in timing of the performance of reclamation activities),
 the revisions to the obligation and asset are recognized at the
 appropriate credit-adjusted, risk-free rate. The Group also
 recognizes an obligation for contemporaneous reclamation
 liabilities incurred as a result of surface mining.
 Contemporaneous reclamation consists primarily of grading,
 topsoil replacement and revegetation of backfilled pit areas.

 Income
 Taxes 

 Income taxes are accounted for using a balance sheet approach in
 accordance with SFAS No. 109, &#147;Accounting for
 Income Taxes&#148; (SFAS No. 109). The Group accounts
 for deferred income taxes by applying statutory tax rates in
 effect at the date of the balance sheet to differences between
 the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation
 allowance is established if it is &#147;more likely than
 not&#148; that the related tax benefits will not be realized. In
 determining the appropriate valuation allowance, the Group
 considers projected realization of tax benefits based on
 expected levels of future taxable income, available tax planning
 strategies and the overall deferred tax position.

 SFAS No. 109 specifies that the amount of current and deferred
 tax expense for an income tax return group shall be allocated
 among the members of that group when those members issue
 separate financial statements. For purposes of the financial
 statements, the Group&#146;s income tax expense has been
 recorded as if it filed a consolidated tax return separate from
 Peabody, notwithstanding that a majority of the operations were
 historically included in the U.S. consolidated income tax return
 filed by Peabody. The Group&#146;s valuation allowance was also
 determined on the separate tax return basis. Additionally, the
 Group&#146;s tax attributes (i.e. net operating losses and AMT
 credits) have been determined based on U.S. consolidated
 tax rules describing the apportioning of these items upon
 departure (i.e. spin-off) from the Peabody consolidated group.

 Peabody was managing its tax position for the benefit of its
 entire portfolio of businesses. Peabody&#146;s tax strategies
 are not necessarily reflective of the tax strategies that the
 Group would have followed or will follow as a stand-alone
 company, nor were they necessarily strategies that optimized the
 Group&#146;s stand-alone position.

 F-11

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 As a result, the Group&#146;s effective tax rate as a
 stand-alone entity may differ significantly from those
 prevailing in historical periods.

 Postretirement
 Healthcare Benefits 

 The Group accounts for postretirement benefits other than
 pensions in accordance with SFAS No. 106, which
 requires the costs of benefits to be provided to be accrued over
 the employees&#146; period of active service. These costs are
 determined on an actuarial basis. As a result of the adoption of
 SFAS No. 158 on December 31, 2006, the
 Group&#146;s combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2006
 fully reflects the funded status of postretirement benefits.

 Multi-Employer
 Benefit Plans 

 The Group has an obligation to contribute to two plans
 established by the Coal Industry Retiree Health Benefits Act of
 1992 (the Coal Act) &#151; the &#147;Combined Fund&#148;
 and the &#147;1992 Benefit Plan.&#148; A third fund, the 1993
 Benefit Fund (the 1993 Benefit Plan), was established through
 collective bargaining, but is now a statutory plan under
 legislation passed in 2006. The Combined Fund obligations are
 accounted for in accordance with Emerging Issues Task Force
 No. 92-13, 
 &#147;Accounting for Estimated Payments in Connection with the
 Coal Industry Retiree Health Benefit Act of 1992,&#148; as
 determined on an actuarial basis. The 1992 Benefit Plan and the
 1993 Benefit Plan qualify as multi-employer plans under
 SFAS No. 106 and expense is recognized as
 contributions are made.

 Pension
 Plans 

 The Group participates in a non-contributory defined benefit
 pension plan (sponsored by its Parent) accounted for in
 accordance with SFAS No. 87, which requires that the
 cost to provide the benefits be accrued over the employees&#146;
 period of active service. These costs are determined on an
 actuarial basis and are allocated to the Group by its Parent.
 Assets and liabilities related to the pension plan are not
 reflected in the Group&#146;s financial statements.

 The Group also participates in two multi-employer pension plans,
 the United Mine Workers of America 1950 Pension Plan (the 1950
 Plan) and the United Mine Workers of America 1974 Pension Plan
 (the 1974 Plan). These plans qualify as multi-employer plans
 under SFAS No. 87 and expense is recognized as
 contributions are made.

 Postemployment
 Benefits 

 The Group provides postemployment benefits to qualifying
 employees, former employees and dependents and accounts for
 these items on the accrual basis in accordance with
 SFAS No. 112 &#147;Employers&#146; Accounting for
 Postemployment Benefits.&#148; Postemployment benefits include
 workers&#146; compensation occupational disease, which is
 accounted for on the actuarial basis over the employees&#146;
 period of active service; workers&#146; compensation traumatic
 injury claims, which are accounted for based on estimated loss
 rates applied to payroll and claim reserves determined by
 independent actuaries and claims administrators; disability
 income benefits, which are accrued when a claim occurs; and
 continuation of medical benefits, which are recognized when the
 obligation occurs. As a result of the adoption of
 SFAS No. 158 on December 31, 2006, the
 Group&#146;s combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2006
 fully reflects the funded status of postemployment benefits.

 F-12

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 Invested
 Capital 

 The Group&#146;s invested capital (deficit) is comprised of the
 capital and earnings (losses) retained inception to date for all
 of the companies in the group.

 Use of
 Estimates in the Preparation of the Combined Financial
 Statements 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
 generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
 make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
 of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
 and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
 reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
 period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

 In particular, the Group has significant long-term liabilities
 relating to retiree healthcare and work-related injuries and
 illnesses. Each of these liabilities is actuarially determined
 and the Group uses various actuarial assumptions, including the
 discount rate and future cost trends, to estimate the costs and
 obligations for these items. In addition, the Group has
 significant asset retirement obligations that involve
 estimations of costs to remediate mining lands and the timing of
 cash outlays for such costs. If these assumptions do not
 materialize as expected, actual cash expenditures and costs
 incurred could differ materially from current estimates.
 Moreover, regulatory changes could increase the obligation to
 satisfy these or additional obligations.

 Finally, in evaluating the valuation allowance related to the
 Group&#146;s deferred tax assets, the Group takes into account
 various factors, including the expected level of future taxable
 income and available tax planning strategies. If actual results
 differ from the assumptions made in the evaluation of the
 valuation allowance, the Group may record a change in valuation
 allowance through income tax expense in the period such
 determination is made.

 Impairment
 of Long-Lived Assets 

 The Group records impairment losses on long-lived assets used in
 operations when events and circumstances indicate that the
 assets might be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows
 estimated to be generated by those assets under various
 assumptions are less than the carrying amounts of those assets.
 Impairment losses are measured by comparing the estimated fair
 value of the impaired asset to its carrying amount. There were
 no impairment losses recorded during the periods covered by the
 combined financial statements.

 (2) Risk
 Management and Financial Instruments 

 The Group is exposed to various types of risk in the normal
 course of business, including fluctuations in commodity prices
 and interest rates. These risks are actively monitored to ensure
 compliance with the risk management policies of the Group. In
 most cases, commodity price risk related to the sale of coal is
 mitigated through the use of long-term, fixed-price contracts
 rather than financial instruments.

 Credit
 Risk 

 The Group&#146;s concentration of credit risk is substantially
 with the Parent and utility customers. The Group sells the
 majority of its production to the Parent at prices paid by
 third-party customers (see Note 14 for additional
 discussion of related party transactions). The Group also has a
 $20.2 million receivable from a KE Ventures, LLC partner,
 which acts as cash manager for the joint venture. Allowance for
 doubtful accounts was $0.3 million at December 31,
 2006 and less than $0.1 million at December 31, 2005.
 The Group also has

 F-13

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 $52.4 million in notes receivable as of December 31,
 2006 outstanding from counterparties in the sale of coal
 reserves and surface lands discussed in Note 3.

 Employees 

 As of December 31, 2006, the Group had approximately 2,500
 employees. As of December 31, 2006, approximately 61% of
 the Group&#146;s employees at company operations were
 represented by an organized labor union and they generated
 approximately 47% of the 2006 sales volume. Relations with its
 employees and, where applicable, organized labor are important
 to the Group&#146;s success. Union labor is represented by the
 United Mine Workers of America (UMWA). The UMWA-represented
 workers at one of the Group&#146;s midwestern mines operate
 under a contract that expires on December 31, 2007 and this
 UMWA-represented mine generated approximately 20% of the 2006
 coal production. The remainder of the Group&#146;s
 UMWA-represented workers in Appalachia operate under a recently
 signed, five-year labor agreement expiring December 31,
 2011.

 (3) Net
 Gain on Disposal or Exchange of Assets and Other Commercial
 Events 

 During 2006, the Group sold coal reserves and surface lands
 located in Kentucky and West Virginia for proceeds of
 $84.9 million in exchange for cash and a $52.4 million
 note receivable and recognized a gain of $66.6 million. The
 gain from these transactions is included in &#147;Net gain on
 disposal or exchange of assets&#148; in the combined statements
 of operations.

 In the third quarter of 2005, Peabody exchanged certain steam
 coal reserves for steam and metallurgical coal reserves as part
 of a contractual dispute settlement between Peabody and a
 third-party. Under the settlement, Peabody received
 $10.0 million in cash, a new coal supply agreement that
 partially replaced the disputed coal supply agreement, and
 exchanged the Group&#146;s steam coal reserves. As a result of
 the final settlement and based on the fair values of the items
 exchanged in the overall settlement transaction (including cash
 of $4.0 million), the Group recognized a gain on assets
 exchanged of $37.4 million in relation to this transaction.
 The fair value of assets exchanged exceeded the book value of
 assets relinquished by $33.4 million and this non-cash
 addition is not included in &#147;Additions to property, plant,
 equipment and mine development&#148; in the combined statement
 of cash flows. The gain from this transaction is included in
 &#147;Net gain on disposal or exchange of assets&#148; in the
 combined statements of operations.

 Also in the third quarter of 2005, the Group recognized a
 $6.2 million gain from an exchange transaction involving
 the acquisition of Illinois Basin coal reserves in exchange for
 coal reserves, cash, notes, and the Group&#146;s 45% equity
 interest in a partnership.

 Operating costs and expenses included $21.0 million in
 business interruption insurance recoveries for the year ended
 December 31, 2004.

 F-14

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 (4) Inventories 

 Inventories consisted of the following:

 December 31, 

 2005 

 2006 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Materials and supplies

 $

 8,942

 $

 13,343

 Saleable coal

 14,633

 16,651

 Raw coal

 2,236

 4,698

 Total

 $

 25,811

 $

 34,692

 (5) Investment
 in Joint Ventures 

 The Group&#146;s investment in joint ventures primarily consists
 of one significant subsidiary, KE Ventures, LLC, for which the
 Group owned a 49% interest as of December 31, 2005 and
 2004. This investment for fiscal 2005 and 2004 was accounted for
 using the equity method and the Group had the ability to
 exercise significant influence over the operating and financial
 policies of the joint venture. In March 2006, the Group
 increased its ownership in the joint venture to an effective
 level of 73.9% and accordingly, fully combined the operations of
 KE Ventures, LLC in its combined financial statements effective
 January 1, 2006. The purchase price for the additional
 24.9% interest was $44.5 million plus debt assumed. Upon
 combining the KE Ventures, LLC financial statements, the
 purchase price was effectively allocated over the various assets
 and liabilities in proportion to the additional ownership
 percentage with an additional $52.8 million allocated to
 coal reserves. The book value of investment in joint venture for
 KE Ventures, LLC was $44.0 million as of December 31,
 2005.

 Income from equity affiliates for the Group is as follows:

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 KE Ventures, LLC

 $

 11,850

 $

 16,859

 $

 &#151;

 Other

 485

 (1,281

 )

 60

 Income from equity affiliates

 $

 12,335

 $

 15,578

 $

 60

 Summarized financial information for KE Ventures, LLC as of
 December 31, 2005 and for the years ended December 31,
 2004 and 2005 is presented below:

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2004 

 2005 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Revenues

 $

 113,159

 $

 147,065

 Operating costs and expenses

 85,672

 99,548

 Operating profit

 24,973

 35,450

 Net income

 23,885

 34,408

 F-15

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 December 31, 2005 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Current assets

 $

 36,649

 Noncurrent assets

 81,913

 Current liabilities

 30,047

 Noncurrent liabilities

 43,664

 Member&#146;s capital

 44,851

 (6) Leases 

 The Group leases equipment and facilities, directly or
 indirectly through its Parent, under various non-cancelable
 lease agreements. Certain lease agreements require the
 maintenance of specified ratios and contain restrictive
 covenants that limit indebtedness, subsidiary dividends,
 investments, asset sales and other Parent actions. Rental
 expense under operating leases was $28.4 million,
 $29.9 million and $27.0 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

 A substantial amount of the coal mined by the Group is produced
 from mineral reserves leased from third-party land owners. The
 Group leases these coal reserves under agreements that require
 royalties to be paid as the coal is mined. Certain of these
 lease agreements also require minimum annual royalties to be
 paid regardless of the amount of coal mined during the year.
 Total royalty expense was $51.0 million, $32.9 million
 and $32.2 million for the years ended December 31,
 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

 Future minimum lease and royalty payments as of
 December 31, 2006, are as follows:

 Operating 

 Coal 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Leases 

 Reserves 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 2007

 $

 26,223

 $

 17,248

 2008

 21,558

 15,064

 2009

 18,580

 11,204

 2010

 17,960

 7,883

 2011

 13,326

 5,557

 2012 and thereafter

 11,648

 9,311

 Total minimum lease payments

 $

 109,295

 $

 66,267

 During 2002, Peabody entered into a transaction with Penn
 Virginia Resource Partners, L.P. (&#147;PVR&#148;) whereby two
 Peabody subsidiaries sold 120 million tons of coal reserves
 in exchange for $72.5 million in cash and 2.76 million
 units, or 15%, of the PVR master limited partnership. The Group
 participated in the transaction, selling approximately
 40 million tons of coal reserves with a net book value of
 $14.3 million in exchange for $40.0 million. The Group
 leased back the coal from PVR and pays royalties as the coal is
 mined. A $25.7 million gain was deferred at the inception
 of this transaction and $3.2 million of the gain was recognized
 in each of the years 2006, 2005 and 2004. The remaining deferred
 gain of $12.8 million at December 31, 2006 is intended
 to provide for the Group&#146;s potential exposure to loss
 resulting from its continuing involvement in the properties and
 will be amortized to &#147;Operating costs and expenses&#148; in
 the combined statements of operations over the minimum remaining
 term of the lease, which is four years from
 December 31, 2006.

 F-16

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 As of December 31, 2006, certain of the Group&#146;s lease
 obligations were secured by Peabody&#146;s outstanding letters
 of credit totaling $20.3 million.

 (7) Accrued
 Expenses 

 Accrued expenses consisted of the following:

 December 31, 

 2005 

 2006 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Accrued healthcare, including
 post-retirement

 $

 71,551

 $

 78,174

 Workers&#146; compensation
 obligations

 27,534

 24,456

 Accrued payroll and related
 benefits

 18,439

 20,803

 Accrued taxes other than income

 10,847

 15,257

 Other accrued benefits

 12,416

 8,272

 Accrued royalties

 3,323

 4,381

 Accrued lease payments

 1,337

 1,745

 Other accrued expenses

 9,365

 9,783

 Total accrued expenses

 $

 154,812

 $

 162,871

 (8) Income
 Taxes 

 The income (loss) before income taxes and minority interests was
 income of $6.0 million, income of $34.8 million, and a
 loss of $66.4 million for the years ended December 31,
 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively, and consisted entirely of
 domestic results.

 The income tax rate differed from the U.S. federal
 statutory rate as follows:

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Federal statutory rate

 $

 (23,243

 )

 $

 12,176

 $

 2,110

 Depletion

 (10,917

 )

 (15,184

 )

 (15,006

 )

 State income taxes, net of
 U.S. federal tax benefit

 (5,202

 )

 (10,180

 )

 (2,183

 )

 Minority interest

 (96

 )

 &#151;

 (3,909

 )

 Changes in valuation allowance

 41,612

 81,213

 26,864

 Changes in tax reserves

 &#151;

 224

 172

 Deemed liquidation of subsidiary

 &#151;

 (68,397

 )

 &#151;

 Other, net

 (2,154

 )

 148

 302

 Total

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 8,350

 F-17

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to
 significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities
 consisted of the following:

 December 31, 

 2005 

 2006 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Deferred tax assets:

 Postretirement benefit obligations

 $

 350,674

 $

 486,847

 Tax credits and loss carryforwards

 7,165

 6,032

 Accrued long-term workers&#146;
 compensation liabilities

 99,025

 92,610

 Accrued reclamation and mine
 closing liabilities

 53,779

 54,855

 Obligation to industry fund

 11,152

 10,251

 Others

 5,456

 6,772

 Total gross deferred tax assets

 527,251

 657,367

 Deferred tax liabilities:

 Property, plant, equipment and
 mine development, leased coal interests and advance royalties,
 principally due to differences in depreciation, depletion and
 asset writedowns

 182,907

 159,284

 Total gross deferred tax
 liabilities

 182,907

 159,284

 Valuation allowance

 (344,344

 )

 (498,083

 )

 Net deferred tax liability

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Deferred taxes consisted of the
 following:

 Current deferred income taxes

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 Noncurrent deferred income taxes

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Net deferred tax liability

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 The Group&#146;s deferred tax assets included net operating
 losses (&#147;NOL&#148;) and alternative minimum tax
 (&#147;AMT&#148;) credits of $6.0 million and
 $7.2 million as of December 31, 2006 and 2005,
 respectively. The NOL&#146;s and AMT credits represent the
 amounts that would be apportioned to these entities in
 accordance with the Internal Revenue Code and Treasury
 Regulations should the Group be legally separated from Peabody.
 The NOL&#146;s and AMT credits decreased $1.2 million for the
 year ended December 31, 2006 to correspond to the apportionment
 of Peabody&#146;s consolidated tax group&#146;s tax attributes
 as adjusted for the 2006 utilization of NOL&#146;s and
 generation of AMT credits in consolidation. The NOL
 carryforwards begin to expire in 2019, and the AMT credits have
 no expiration date.

 Overall, the Group&#146;s net deferred tax assets are offset by
 a valuation allowance of $498.1 million and
 $344.3 million as of December 31, 2006 and 2005,
 respectively. The valuation allowance was increased by
 $153.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2006,
 including an increase of $128.7 million due to the adoption
 of SFAS No. 158, which, if recognized, would be
 recorded directly to invested capital (deficit). The Group
 evaluated and assessed the expected near-term utilization of
 NOL&#146;s, book and taxable income trends, available tax
 strategies and the overall deferred tax position to determine
 the valuation allowance required as of December 31, 2005
 and 2006.

 F-18

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 During 2005, the Group was a party to a comprehensive and
 strategic internal restructuring project completed by Peabody.
 This restructuring focused on realigning Peabody&#146;s
 subsidiary ownership on a geographic and functional basis and
 facilitated the consolidation of assets in a tax-efficient
 manner, better positioning Peabody to execute future strategic
 transactions. An indirect consequence of the internal corporate
 restructuring was the transfer of NOL&#146;s and AMT credits
 from the Group to Peabody upon the conversion of certain
 corporations to limited liability companies.

 The Group establishes reserves for tax contingencies when,
 despite the belief that the Group&#146;s tax return positions
 are fully supported, certain positions are likely to be
 challenged and may not be fully sustained. The tax contingency
 reserves are analyzed on a quarterly basis and adjusted based
 upon changes in fact and circumstances, such as progress of
 federal and state audits, case law and emerging legislation. The
 Group&#146;s effective tax rate includes the impact of tax
 contingency reserves and changes to the reserves, including
 related interest, as considered appropriate by management. The
 Group establishes the reserves based upon management&#146;s
 assessment of exposure associated with permanent tax differences
 (e.g., tax depletion expense). As of December 31, 2006 and 2005,
 the reserve for tax contingencies was immaterial.

 The Group made no U.S. Federal, state and local income tax
 payments for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004. In
 2006, the Group incurred $8.4 million of tax obligation for
 federal taxes from the disposal of assets and the preference
 limitation on percentage depletion. AMT credits generated from
 cash payments are fully reserved because it is unlikely such
 credits will be realizable in the near future.

 (9) Long-Term
 Debt 

 The Group&#146;s total indebtedness consisted of the following:

 December 31, 

 2005 

 2006 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 6.25% Promissory Notes

 $

 11,459

 $

 12,365

 Notes Payable

 &#151;

 8,357

 Total

 $

 11,459

 $

 20,722

 6.25%
 Promissory Notes 

 In conjunction with the exchange transaction involving the
 acquisition of Illinois Basin coal reserves discussed in
 Note 3, the Group entered into 6.25% Promissory Notes (the
 &#147;Notes&#148;). The Notes and related interest are payable
 in annual installments of $1.7 million beginning January
 2008. The Notes mature in January 2017.

 Notes Payable 

 The Group&#146;s Notes Payable represents long-term debt
 outstanding of KE Ventures, LLC. The Notes Payable are
 obligations with the partners of the joint venture other than
 the Group. These notes are payable on demand but subordinated to
 other long-term debt obligations to the Group. The partners have
 suspended interest on the notes.

 F-19

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 (10) Asset
 Retirement Obligations 

 Reconciliations of the Group&#146;s liability for asset
 retirement obligations were as follows:

 December 31, 

 2005 

 2006 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Balance at beginning of year

 $

 156,741

 $

 134,447

 Liabilities incurred

 595

 10,441

 Liabilities settled or disposed

 (37,841

 )

 (22,414

 )

 Accretion expense

 15,991

 15,917

 Revisions to estimate

 (1,039

 )

 1,312

 Balance at end of year

 $

 134,447

 $

 139,703

 As of December 31, 2006, asset retirement obligations of
 $139.7 million consisted of $96.3 million related to
 locations with active mining operations and $43.4 million
 related to locations that are closed or inactive. As of
 December 31, 2005, asset retirement obligations of
 $134.4 million consisted of $86.1 million related to
 locations with active mining operations and $48.3 million
 related to locations that are closed or inactive. The
 credit-adjusted, risk-free interest rates were 6.16% and 5.81%
 at January 1, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

 For the year ended December 31, 2005, the Group recorded a
 $9.2 million reduction in its asset retirement obligations
 and expense associated with the disposal of non-strategic
 properties and the assumption of the related reclamation
 liabilities by the purchaser.

 As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, Peabody had
 $85.5 million and $48.2 million, respectively, in
 surety bonds outstanding to secure the Group&#146;s reclamation
 obligations or activities. The amount of reclamation
 self-bonding in certain states in which the Group qualifies was
 $48.7 million and $54.9 million as of
 December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

 (11) Workers&#146;
 Compensation Obligations 

 Certain operations of the Group are subject to the Federal Coal
 Mine Health and Safety Act of 1969, and the related
 workers&#146; compensation laws in the states in which they
 operate. These laws require the Group&#146;s operations to pay
 benefits for occupational disease resulting from coal
 workers&#146; pneumoconiosis (occupational disease). Provisions
 for occupational disease costs are based on determinations by
 independent actuaries or claims administrators.

 The Group provides income replacement and medical treatment for
 work related traumatic injury claims as required by applicable
 state law. Provisions for estimated claims incurred are recorded
 based on estimated loss rates applied to payroll and claim
 reserves determined by independent actuaries or claims
 administrators. Certain operations of the Group are required to
 contribute to state workers&#146; compensation funds for second
 injury and other costs incurred by the state fund based on a
 payroll-based assessment by the applicable state. Provisions are
 recorded based on the payroll based assessment criteria.

 F-20

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 The workers&#146; compensation provision consists of the
 following components:

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Service cost

 $

 3,709

 $

 4,137

 $

 2,807

 Interest cost

 10,967

 10,244

 9,568

 Net amortization

 519

 (1,352

 )

 (1,369

 )

 Total occupational disease

 15,195

 13,029

 11,006

 Traumatic injury claims

 16,447

 17,505

 10,984

 State assessment taxes

 14,798

 16,315

 10,388

 Total provision

 $

 46,440

 $

 46,849

 $

 32,378

 The significant decline in traumatic workers&#146; compensation
 costs is primarily driven by the impact of changes in
 workers&#146; compensation law in West Virginia. Administrative
 fees have been reduced as a result of successfully self
 administering, at a lower cost, claims that were previously
 administered by the State. In addition, the law changes have
 reduced the frequency and magnitude of claims.

 The weighted-average assumptions used to determine the
 workers&#146; compensation provision were as follows:

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 Discount rate

 6.40

 %

 6.10

 %

 5.90

 %

 Inflation rate

 3.50

 %

 3.50

 %

 3.50

 %

 Workers&#146; compensation obligations consist of amounts
 accrued for loss sensitive insurance premiums, uninsured claims,
 and related taxes and assessments under black lung and traumatic
 injury workers compensation programs.

 The workers&#146; compensation obligations consisted of the
 following:

 December 31, 

 2005 

 2006 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Occupational disease costs

 $

 181,858

 $

 173,924

 Traumatic injury claims

 65,705

 58,392

 Total obligations

 247,563

 232,316

 Less current portion (included in
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses)

 (27,534

 )

 (24,456

 )

 Noncurrent obligations (included
 in Workers&#146; compensation obligations)

 $

 220,029

 $

 207,860

 As a result of the adoption of SFAS No. 158 on
 December 31, 2006, the accrued workers&#146; compensation
 liability on the combined balance sheet at December 31,
 2006 reflects the accumulated obligation less any portion that
 is currently funded. The adoption of SFAS No. 158
 decreased liabilities and &#147;Accumulated other comprehensive
 loss&#148; by $9.0 million at December 31, 2006.

 As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, Peabody had
 $146.2 million and $110.0 million, respectively, in
 surety bonds and letters of credit outstanding to secure the
 Group&#146;s workers&#146; compensation obligations.

 F-21

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 The reconciliation of changes in the occupational disease
 liability benefit obligation were as follows:

 December 31, 

 2005 

 2006 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Change in benefit obligation:

 Beginning of year obligation

 $

 164,186

 $

 165,954

 Service cost

 4,137

 2,807

 Interest cost

 10,244

 9,568

 Net change in actuarial loss (gain)

 (2,396

 )

 4,311

 Benefit and administrative payments

 (10,217

 )

 (8,716

 )

 Net obligation at end of year

 165,954

 173,924

 Change in plan assets:

 Fair value of plan assets at
 beginning of period

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Employer contributions

 10,217

 8,716

 Benefits paid

 (10,217

 )

 (8,716

 )

 Fair value of plan assets at end
 of period

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Funded status at end of period

 (165,954

 )

 (173,924

 )

 Unrecognized actuarial gain

 (15,904

 )

 &#151;

 Accrued cost

 $

 (181,858

 )

 $

 (173,924

 )

 The liability for occupational disease claims represents the
 actuarially-determined present value of known claims and an
 estimate of future claims that will be awarded to current and
 former employees. The liability for occupational disease claims
 was based on a discount rate of 6.0% and 5.9% at
 December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Traumatic injury
 workers&#146; compensation obligations are estimated from both
 case reserves and actuarial determinations of historical trends,
 discounted at 5.9% and 6.1% as of December 31, 2006 and
 2005, respectively.

 Federal
 Black Lung Excise Tax Refund Claims 

 In addition to the obligations discussed above, certain
 subsidiaries of the Group are required to pay black lung excise
 taxes to the Federal Black Lung Trust Fund (the
 Trust Fund). The Trust Fund pays occupational disease
 benefits to entitled former miners who worked prior to
 July 1, 1973. Excise taxes are based on the selling price
 of coal, up to a maximum of $1.10 per ton for underground
 mines and $0.55 per ton for surface mines. The Group had a
 receivable for excise tax refunds of $19.4 million as of
 December 31, 2006 and 2005 related to a court ruling that
 excise taxes paid in prior years on export coal is refundable to
 the Group, which is included in &#147;Investments and other
 assets&#148; in the combined balance sheets. In a January 2007
 decision, a federal appellate court ruled that the Group is also
 entitled to collect interest on the $19.4 million refund
 from the federal government.

 (12) Pension
 and Savings Plans 

 The Group participates in a defined benefit pension plan (the
 Pension Plan) sponsored by one of the Parent&#146;s
 subsidiaries, covering certain U.S. salaried employees and
 eligible hourly employees of the Group. Accordingly, assets and
 liabilities for the Pension Plan are not allocated to the Group
 and are not presented in

 F-22

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 the accompanying balance sheets. Annual contributions to the
 Pension Plan are made as determined by consulting actuaries
 based upon the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
 minimum funding standard. Assets of the Pension Plan are
 primarily invested in various marketable securities, including
 U.S. government bonds, corporate obligations and listed
 stocks. The Group recorded expense of $3.7 million,
 $4.5 million, and $4.1 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 (payable to the plan
 sponsor), respectively, as a result of its participation in the
 Pension Plan, reflecting the Group&#146;s proportional share of
 Peabody expense based on the number of plan participants.

 Multi-Employer
 Pension Plans 

 Certain subsidiaries participate in multi-employer pension plans
 (the 1950 Plan and the 1974 Plan), which provide defined
 benefits to substantially all hourly coal production workers
 represented by the UMWA. Benefits under the UMWA plans are
 computed based on service with the subsidiaries or other
 signatory employers. There were no contributions to the
 multi-employer pension plans during the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005, or 2004. In December 2006, the
 2007 National Bituminous Coal Wage Agreement was signed, which
 required funding of the 1974 Plan through 2011 under a phased
 funding schedule. The funding is based on an hourly rate for
 certain UMWA workers. Under the labor contract, the per hour
 funding rate increased to $2.00 in 2007 and increases each year
 thereafter until reaching $5.50 in 2011. During 2006,
 represented employees subject to the new rate worked a total of
 approximately four million hours.

 Defined
 Contribution Plans 

 The Parent sponsors employee retirement accounts under a 401(k)
 plan for eligible salaried U.S. employees of the Group (the
 401(k) Plan). The Parent matches voluntary contributions to the
 401(k) Plan up to specified levels. The Group recognized expense
 for the 401(k) Plan of $4.1 million, $1.4 million and
 $1.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2006,
 2005 and 2004, respectively. A performance contribution feature
 allows for additional contributions from the Parent based upon
 meeting specified Peabody performance targets, and the
 performance contributions made by the Parent on behalf of the
 Group employees were $2.7 million, $2.7 million and
 $1.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2006,
 2005 and 2004, respectively.

 (13) Postretirement
 Healthcare Benefits 

 The Group currently provides healthcare and life insurance
 benefits to qualifying salaried and hourly retirees and their
 dependents from defined benefit plans established by the Parent.
 Plan coverage for health and life insurance benefits is provided
 to certain hourly retirees in accordance with the applicable
 labor agreement.

 Net periodic postretirement benefit costs included the following
 components:

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Service cost for benefits earned

 $

 451

 $

 538

 $

 599

 Interest cost on accumulated
 postretirement benefit obligation

 54,994

 62,615

 62,385

 Amortization of prior service cost

 (9,677

 )

 (2,685

 )

 (2,545

 )

 Amortization of actuarial losses

 3,121

 22,896

 26,866

 Net periodic postretirement
 benefit costs

 $

 48,889

 $

 83,364

 $

 87,305

 F-23

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 The Group amortizes actuarial gains and losses using a 0%
 corridor with an amortization period that covers the average
 remaining service period of active employees (8.47 years
 and 8.99 years at January 1, 2006 and 2005,
 respectively). The estimated net actuarial loss and prior
 service cost that will be amortized from accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss) into net periodic postretirement
 benefit costs during the year ended December 31, 2007 are
 $38.1 million and $4.4 million, respectively.

 The following table sets forth the plans&#146; combined funded
 status reconciled with the amounts shown in the combined balance
 sheets:

 December 31, 

 2005 

 2006 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Change in benefit obligation:

 Accumulated postretirement benefit
 obligation at beginning of period

 $

 1,065,069

 $

 1,088,507

 Service cost

 538

 599

 Interest cost

 62,615

 62,385

 Participant contributions

 1,185

 956

 Plan amendments

 &#151;

 10,166

 Benefits paid

 (81,329

 )

 (81,984

 )

 Change in actuarial loss

 40,429

 133,403

 Accumulated postretirement benefit
 obligation at end of period

 1,088,507

 1,214,032

 Change in plan assets:

 Fair value of plan assets at
 beginning of period

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Employer contributions

 80,144

 81,028

 Participant contributions

 1,185

 956

 Benefits paid

 (81,329

 )

 (81,984

 )

 Fair value of plan assets at end
 of period

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Funded status at end of year

 (1,088,507

 )

 (1,214,032

 )

 Unrecognized actuarial loss

 220,975

 &#151;

 Unrecognized prior service cost

 (9,154

 )

 &#151;

 Accrued postretirement benefit
 obligation

 (876,686

 )

 (1,214,032

 )

 Less current portion (included in
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses)

 69,045

 75,015

 Noncurrent obligation (included in
 Accrued postretirement benefit costs)

 $

 (807,641

 )

 $

 (1,139,017

 )

 As a result of the adoption of SFAS No. 158 on
 December 31, 2006, the accrued postretirement benefit
 liability recorded on the combined balance sheet at
 December 31, 2006 reflects the accumulated postretirement
 benefit obligation less any portion that is currently funded.
 The accumulated actuarial loss and prior service

 F-24

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 costs that had not yet been reflected in net periodic
 postretirement benefit costs were included in &#147;Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss&#148; at December 31, 2006, as
 follows:

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Accumulated actuarial loss

 $

 (327,587

 )

 Prior service cost

 (3,507

 )

 Accumulated other comprehensive
 loss

 $

 (331,094

 )

 The weighted-average assumptions used to determine the benefit
 obligations as of the end of each year were as follows:

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2005 

 2006 

 Discount rate

 5.90%

 6.00%

 Rate of compensation increase

 3.50%

 3.50%

 Measurement date

 December 31, 2005

 December 31, 2006

 The weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic
 benefit cost were as follows:

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 Discount rate

 6.40%

 6.10%

 5.90%

 Rate of compensation increase

 3.75%

 3.50%

 3.50%

 Measurement date

 December 31, 2003

 December 31, 2004

 December 31, 2005

 The following presents information about the assumed healthcare
 cost trend rate:

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2005 

 2006 

 Healthcare cost trend rate assumed
 for next year

 7.00

 %

 7.50

 %

 Rate to which the cost trend is
 assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate)

 4.75

 %

 4.75

 %

 Year that the rate reaches that
 ultimate trend rate

 2011

 2012

 Assumed healthcare cost trend rates have a significant effect on
 the amounts reported for healthcare plans. A one
 percentage-point change in the assumed healthcare cost trend
 would have the following effects:

 One Percentage- 

 One Percentage- 

 Point Increase 

 Point Decrease 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Effect on total service and
 interest cost
 components (1) 

 $

 7,509

 $

 (5,136

 )

 Effect on total postretirement
 benefit
 obligation (1) 

 151,497

 (127,290

 )

 (1) 

 In addition to the effect on total service and interest cost
 components of expense, changes in trend rates would also
 increase or decrease the actuarial gain or loss amortization
 expense component. The gain or loss amortization would
 approximate the increase or decrease in the obligation divided
 by 8.47 years at December 31, 2006. 

 F-25

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 Plan
 Assets 

 The Group&#146;s postretirement benefit plans are unfunded.

 Estimated
 Future Benefits Payments 

 The following benefit payments (net of retiree contributions),
 which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, are
 expected to be paid by the Group:

 Postretirement 

 Benefits 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 2007

 $

 75,015

 2008

 77,540

 2009

 80,192

 2010

 83,029

 2011

 85,720

 Years
 2012-2016 

 461,708

 Medicare
 and Other Plan Changes 

 Effective November 15, 2006, the medical premium
 reimbursement plan was changed for salaried employees who
 retired after December 31, 2004. The amendment resulted in
 a $9.5 million increase to the retiree healthcare
 liability. The Group began recognizing the effect of the plan
 amendment over 10.25 years beginning November 15,
 2006. The effect was $0.1 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2006, and is estimated to be $0.9 million
 for the year ended December 31, 2007.

 On December 8, 2003 the Medicare Prescription Drug,
 Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (the Act) was
 signed into law. The Group elected not to defer the effects of
 the Act as discussed in FASB Staff Position
 106-1 
 &#147;Accounting and Disclosure Requirements Related to the
 Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of
 2003.&#148; Additionally, the Group did not elect the Federal
 Subsidy provisions of the Act; rather the Group coordinated
 benefits with available Medicare coverage considered the primary
 payer, whether or not the beneficiary enrolled and paid the
 required premiums. For plans that required amendment to
 incorporate the Act, the Group recognized a liability reduction
 of $11.9 million. This reduction was treated as a negative
 plan amendment and was being amortized to income over six years
 beginning December 15, 2003.

 Multi-Employer
 Benefit Plans 

 Retirees formerly employed by certain subsidiaries and their
 predecessors, who were members of the UMWA, last worked before
 January 1, 1976 and were receiving health benefits on
 July 20, 1992, receive health benefits provided by the
 Combined Fund, a fund created by the Coal Act. The Coal Act
 requires former employers (including certain entities of the
 Group) and their affiliates to contribute to the Combined Fund
 according to a formula.

 The Group has recorded an actuarially determined liability
 representing the amounts anticipated to be due to the Combined
 Fund. The noncurrent portion related to this obligation as
 reflected within &#147;Other noncurrent liabilities&#148; in the
 combined balance sheets as of December 31, 2006 and 2005,
 was $25.6 million and $27.9 million, respectively. The
 current portion related to this obligation reflected in
 &#147;Accounts payable and

 F-26

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 accrued expenses&#148; in the combined balance sheets as of
 December 31, 2006 and 2005, was $5.2 million and
 $8.8 million, respectively.

 Expense of $2.5 million was recognized related to the
 Combined Fund for the year ended December 31, 2006, and
 consisted of interest discount of $2.4 million and
 amortization of actuarial loss of $0.1 million. Expense of
 $0.9 million was recognized related to the Combined Fund
 for the year ended December 31, 2005, and consisted of
 interest discount of $1.9 million and amortization of
 actuarial gain of $1.0 million. Expense of
 $4.9 million was recognized related to the Combined Fund
 for the year ended December 31, 2004, and consisted of
 interest discount of $3.8 million and amortization of
 actuarial loss of $1.1 million. The Group made payments of
 $8.3 million, $4.0 million, and $16.6 million to
 the Combined Fund for the years ended December 31, 2006,
 2005 and 2004, respectively.

 The Coal Act also established the 1992 Benefit Plan, which
 provides medical and death benefits to persons who are not
 eligible for the Combined Fund, who retired prior to
 October 1, 1994 and whose employer and any affiliates are
 no longer in business. A prior national labor agreement
 established the 1993 Benefit Plan to provide health benefits for
 retired miners not covered by the Coal Act. The 1993 Benefit
 Plan provides benefits to qualifying retired former employees,
 who retired after September 30, 1994, of certain signatory
 companies which have gone out of business and defaulted in
 providing their former employees with retiree medical benefits.
 Beneficiaries continue to be added to this fund as employers go
 out of business. The 1992 Benefit Plan and the 1993 Benefit Plan
 qualify under SFAS No. 106 as multi-employer benefit
 plans, which allows the Group to recognize expense as
 contributions are made. The expense related to these funds was
 $5.7 million, $4.0 million and $4.4 million for
 the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004,
 respectively.

 The Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 2006 (the 2006
 Act), which were enacted in December 2006, amended the federal
 laws establishing the Combined Fund, 1992 Benefit Plan and the
 1993 Benefit Plan. Among other things, the 2006 Act guarantees
 full funding of all beneficiaries in the Combined Fund, provides
 funds on a phased-in basis for the 1992 Benefit Plan, and
 authorizes the trustees of the 1993 Benefit Plan to determine
 the contribution rates through 2010 for pre-2007 beneficiaries.
 The new and additional federal expenditures to the Combined
 Fund, 1992 Benefit Plan, 1993 Benefit Plan and certain Abandoned
 Mine Land payments to the states and Indian tribes are
 collectively limited by an aggregate annual cap of
 $490 million. To the extent that (i) the annual
 funding of the programs exceeds this amount (plus the amount of
 interest from the Abandoned Mine Land trust fund paid with
 respect to the Combined Benefit Fund), and (ii) Congress
 does not allocate additional funds to cover the shortfall,
 contributing employers and affiliates, including some of the
 Group&#146;s entities, would be responsible for the additional
 costs.

 Pursuant to the provisions of the Coal Act and the 1992 Benefit
 Plan, the Group was required to provide security in an amount
 equal to three times the annual cost of providing healthcare
 benefits for all individuals receiving benefits from the 1992
 Benefit Plan who are attributable to the Group, plus all
 individuals receiving benefits from an individual employer plan
 maintained by the Group who are entitled to receive such
 benefits. In accordance with the 1992 Benefit Plan, Peabody had
 outstanding letters of credit of $119.4 million as of
 December 31, 2006, to secure the Group&#146;s obligation.
 Beginning in 2007, the amount of security the Group is required
 to provide for the 1992 Benefit Plan is reduced to one times the
 annual cost to provide the above mentioned healthcare benefits.

 F-27

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 (14) Related
 Party Transactions 

 The Group routinely enters into transactions with Peabody and
 its subsidiaries. The terms of these transactions are outlined
 in agreements executed by Peabody and its subsidiaries. The
 amounts included in &#147;Net receivable from affiliates&#148;
 reflect the effects of the related party transactions, which
 have not yet been settled by cash payments, as well as temporary
 cash advances to and from affiliated companies. This balance
 with the Group&#146;s affiliates does not earn interest and is
 payable on demand.

 Selling and administrative expenses include $47.9 million,
 $57.1 million, and $58.5 million for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004, respectively, for
 services provided by affiliates. Our selling and administrative
 expenses represent an allocation of Peabody general corporate
 expenses to all of its mining operations, both foreign and
 domestic, based on principal activity, headcount, tons sold and
 revenues as applicable to the specific expense being allocated.
 The allocated expenses generally reflect service costs for:
 marketing and sales, legal, finance and treasury, public
 relations, human resources, environmental engineering and
 internal audit. Different allocation bases or methods could have
 been used and could result in significantly different operating
 results. The services fees incurred by the Group are not
 necessarily indicative of the selling and administrative
 expenses that would have been incurred if the Group had been an
 independent entity.

 The Group recognized interest expense of $5.0 million for
 each of the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004,
 related to a $62.0 million demand note payable to the
 Parent, which bears interest at 8.0%.

 In 2005, one of the Group&#146;s entities received a
 $766.7 million non-cash dividend from a Peabody subsidiary
 that is not included in the Group. In 2006 and 2004, the Group
 received contributions from its Parent of $44.5 million and
 $7.0 million, respectively, primarily for the funding of
 acquisitions.

 The Group sold 24.3 million tons of coal resulting in
 revenues of $1.13 billion for the year ended
 December 31, 2006; 21.5 million tons of coal resulting
 in revenues of $891.2 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2005; and 22.3 million tons of coal
 resulting in revenues of $747.5 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2004 to a marketing affiliate of the Parent,
 who negotiates and maintains coal sales contracts. All sales
 were made at prices paid by outside third-party customers.
 Receivables related to intercompany sales activity are included
 in &#147;Net receivable from affiliates&#148; on the combined
 balance sheet.

 (15) Guarantees
 and Financial Instruments With Off-Balance-Sheet Risk 

 In the normal course of business, the Group and its parent
 companies acting on the Group&#146;s behalf, is a party to
 guarantees and financial instruments with off-balance-sheet
 risk, such as bank letters of credit, performance or surety
 bonds and other guarantees and indemnities, which are not
 reflected in the accompanying combined balance sheets. Such
 financial instruments are valued based on the amount of exposure
 under the instrument and the likelihood of required performance.
 In the Group&#146;s past experience, virtually no claims have
 been made against these financial instruments. Management does
 not expect any material losses to result from these guarantees
 or off-balance-sheet instruments.

 F-28

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 Letters
 of Credit and Bonding 

 Peabody and the Group have letters of credit, surety bonds, and
 corporate guarantees (such as self bonds) in support of the
 Group&#146;s reclamation, lease, workers&#146; compensation,
 retiree healthcare and other obligations as follows as of
 December 31, 2006:

 Workers&#146; 

 Retiree 

 Reclamation 

 Lease 

 Compensation 

 Healthcare 

 Obligations 

 Obligations 

 Obligations 

 Obligations 

 Other (1) 

 Total 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Self Bonding

 $

 48,737

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 &#151;

 $

 2,418

 $

 51,155

 Surety Bonds

 85,499

 &#151;

 23,390

 &#151;

 12,140

 121,029

 Letters of Credit

 1,389

 20,282

 122,771

 119,397

 11,063

 274,902

 $

 135,625

 $

 20,282

 $

 146,161

 $

 119,397

 $

 25,621

 $

 447,086

 (1) 

 Other includes self-bonding, letters of credit and surety bonds
 related to collateral for surety companies, road maintenance,
 performance guarantees and other operations. 

 Other
 Guarantees 

 In connection with the exchange transaction involving the
 acquisition of Illinois Basin coal reserves discussed in
 Note 3, the Group guaranteed bonding for a partnership in
 which it formerly held an interest. The aggregate amount
 guaranteed by the Group was $2.8 million, and the fair
 value of the guarantee recognized as a liability was
 $0.4 million as of December 31, 2006. The Group&#146;s
 obligation under the guarantee extends to September 2015.

 The Group is the lessee under numerous equipment and property
 leases. It is common in such commercial lease transactions for
 Peabody and the Group, as the lessee, to agree to indemnify the
 lessor for the value of the property or equipment leased, should
 the property be damaged or lost during the course of the
 Group&#146;s operations. Peabody expects that losses with
 respect to leased property would be covered by insurance
 (subject to deductibles). Peabody and certain of its
 subsidiaries have guaranteed other subsidiaries&#146;
 performance under their various lease obligations. Aside from
 indemnification of the lessor for the value of the property
 leased, Peabody&#146;s maximum potential obligations under its
 leases are equal to the respective future minimum lease payments
 as presented in Note 6, and Peabody assumes that no amounts
 could be recovered from third parties.

 Under Peabody&#146;s credit agreement, the Group has
 unconditionally and jointly and severally guaranteed the payment
 of principal, premium, if any, and interest on certain
 indebtedness of Peabody. The aggregate amount of Peabody
 indebtedness outstanding as of December 31, 2006, which is
 subject to the guarantee and the security interests, is
 $3.04 billion.

 (16) Fair
 Value of Financial Instruments 

 The following methods and assumptions were used by the Group in
 estimating its fair value disclosures for financial instruments
 as of December 31, 2006 and 2005:

 &#149; 

 Cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts
 payable and accrued expenses have carrying values, which
 approximate fair value due to the short maturity or the
 financial nature of these instruments.

 F-29

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 &#149; 

 The fair value of net payables to affiliates and the demand note
 payable to the Parent approximate the carrying value as of
 December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

 &#149; 

 At December 31, 2005, &#147;Other noncurrent
 liabilities&#148; included a deferred purchase obligation
 related to the prior purchase of a mine facility. The fair value
 estimate was based on estimated borrowing rates to discount the
 cash flows to their present value. The carrying amount and
 estimated fair value of the Group&#146;s deferred purchase
 obligation were $1.4 million at December 31, 2005. The
 obligation was fully paid as of December 31, 2006.

 (17) Commitments
 and Contingencies 

 Commitments 

 As of December 31, 2006, purchase commitments for capital
 expenditures were $25.6 million. Commitments for
 expenditures to be made under coal leases are reflected in
 Note 6.

 Other 

 In addition, at times the Group becomes a party to other claims,
 lawsuits, arbitration proceedings and administrative procedures
 in the ordinary course of business. Management believes that the
 ultimate resolution of such other pending or threatened
 proceedings is not reasonably likely to have a material effect
 on the Group&#146;s combined financial position, results of
 operations or liquidity.

 (18) 

 Segment
 Information 

 The Group reports its operations through one reportable
 operating segment. The Group&#146;s principal business is the
 mining, preparation and sale of steam coal, sold primarily to
 electric utilities, and metallurgical coal, sold to steel and
 coke producers. For the year ended December 31, 2006, 77%
 of the Group&#146;s sales were to electricity generators and 23%
 to steel and coke producers. The Group&#146;s operations are
 characterized by primarily underground mining methods, coal with
 high and medium Btu content and relatively short shipping
 distances from the mine to the customer. &#147;Corporate and
 Other&#148; includes selling and administrative expenses, net
 gains on assets disposals, and costs associated with past mining
 obligations.

 The Group&#146;s chief operating decision maker uses Adjusted
 EBITDA as the primary measure of segment profit and loss.
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) before deducting
 net interest expense, income taxes, minority interests, asset
 retirement obligation expense and depreciation, depletion and
 amortization.

 Operating segment results for the year ended December 31,
 2006 were as follows:

 Mining 

 Corporate 

 Operations 

 and
 Other (1) 

 Combined 

 Revenues

 $

 1,147,919

 $

 &#151;

 $

 1,147,919

 Adjusted EBITDA

 202,927

 (76,158

 )

 126,769

 Total assets

 1,178,181

 &#151;

 1,178,181

 Additions to property, plant,
 equipment and mine development

 80,224

 &#151;

 80,224

 Income from equity affiliates

 60

 &#151;

 60

 F-30

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 NOTES TO
 COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 Operating segment results for the year ended December 31,
 2005 were as follows:

 Mining 

 Corporate 

 Operations 

 and
 Other (1) 

 Combined 

 Revenues

 $

 978,277

 $

 &#151;

 $

 978,277

 Adjusted EBITDA

 228,745

 (104,134

 )

 124,611

 Total assets

 1,113,058

 &#151;

 1,113,058

 Additions to property, plant,
 equipment and mine development

 75,151

 &#151;

 75,151

 Income from equity affiliates

 15,578

 &#151;

 15,578

 Operating segment results for the year ended December 31,
 2004 were as follows:

 Mining 

 Corporate 

 Operations 

 and
 Other (1) 

 Combined 

 Revenues

 $

 816,424

 $

 &#151;

 $

 816,424

 Adjusted EBITDA

 162,843

 (127,627

 )

 35,216

 Additions to property, plant,
 equipment and mine development

 36,870

 &#151;

 36,870

 Income from equity affiliates

 12,335

 &#151;

 12,335

 (1) 

 Corporate and Other results include the gains on disposal of
 assets discussed in Note 3. 

 A reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to consolidated net income
 (loss) follows:

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2004 

 2005 

 2006 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Total Adjusted EBITDA

 $

 35,216

 $

 124,611

 $

 126,769

 Depreciation, depletion and
 amortization

 (62,580

 )

 (65,972

 )

 (86,458

 )

 Asset retirement obligation expense

 (27,262

 )

 (15,572

 )

 (24,282

 )

 Interest expense

 (12,701

 )

 (9,833

 )

 (11,419

 )

 Interest income

 918

 1,553

 1,417

 Income tax provision

 &#151;

 &#151;

 (8,350

 )

 Minority interests

 (275

 )

 &#151;

 (11,169

 )

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (66,684

 )

 $

 34,787

 $

 (13,492

 )

 F-31

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 UNAUDITED
 CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Six Months Ended June 30, 

 2006 

 2007 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Revenues 

 Sales

 $

 598,764

 $

 524,507

 Other revenues

 2,838

 1,377

 Total revenues

 601,602

 525,884

 Costs and Expenses 

 Operating costs and expenses

 520,815

 550,004

 Depreciation, depletion and
 amortization

 40,707

 40,918

 Asset retirement obligation expense

 11,622

 9,295

 Selling and administrative expenses

 18,628

 21,798

 Other operating income:

 Net gain on disposal of assets

 (14,335

 )

 (81,026

 )

 Income from equity affiliates

 (13

 )

 (15

 )

 Operating Profit
 (Loss) 

 24,178

 (15,090

 )

 Interest expense

 6,213

 4,788

 Interest income

 (248

 )

 (4,766

 )

 Income (Loss) Before Income
 Taxes and Minority Interests 

 18,213

 (15,112

 )

 Income tax provision (benefit)

 &#151;

 &#151;

 Minority interests

 6,066

 2,653

 Net Income (Loss) 

 $

 12,147

 $

 (17,765

 )

 See accompanying notes to the condensed combined financial
 statements.

 F-32

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 CONDENSED
 COMBINED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Unaudited) 

 December 31, 

 June 30, 

 2006 

 2007 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 ASSETS 

 Current assets

 Cash and cash equivalents

 $

 398

 $

 9,902

 Accounts receivable and other, net
 of allowance for doubtful accounts

 31,583

 24,919

 Net receivable from affiliates

 141,021

 29,613

 Inventories

 34,692

 50,781

 Prepaid expenses and other current
 assets

 7,004

 10,488

 Total current assets

 214,698

 125,703

 Property, plant, equipment and
 mine development

 Land and coal interests

 628,569

 644,429

 Buildings and improvements

 270,990

 272,954

 Machinery and equipment

 377,693

 385,063

 Less accumulated depreciation,
 depletion and amortization

 (434,565

 )

 (445,744

 )

 Property, plant, equipment and
 mine development, net

 842,687

 856,702

 Notes receivable

 52,975

 119,876

 Investments and other assets

 67,821

 65,638

 Total assets

 $

 1,178,181

 $

 1,167,919

 LIABILITIES AND INVESTED
 CAPITAL (DEFICIT) 

 Current liabilities

 Trade accounts payable

 $

 53,573

 $

 50,587

 Accrued expenses

 162,871

 158,490

 Total current liabilities

 216,444

 209,077

 Long-term debt

 20,722

 19,796

 Note payable to affiliate

 62,000

 62,000

 Asset retirement obligations

 139,703

 134,273

 Workers&#146; compensation
 obligations

 207,860

 211,465

 Accrued postretirement benefit
 costs

 1,139,017

 1,133,834

 Obligation to industry fund

 25,626

 33,602

 Other noncurrent liabilities

 40,483

 34,255

 Total liabilities

 1,851,855

 1,838,302

 Minority interests

 16,153

 18,175

 Invested interest (deficit)

 (367,706

 )

 (385,471

 )

 Accumulated other comprehensive
 loss

 (322,121

 )

 (303,087

 )

 Total invested capital (deficit)

 (689,827

 )

 (688,558

 )

 Total liabilities and invested
 capital (deficit)

 $

 1,178,181

 $

 1,167,919

 See accompanying notes to the condensed combined financial
 statements.

 F-33

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 (Subsidiaries
 of Peabody Energy Corporation 
 as defined in Note 1 to the Condensed Combined Financial
 Statements) 

 UNAUDITED
 CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Six Months Ended June 30, 

 2006 

 2007 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Cash Flows From Operating
 Activities 

 Net income (loss)

 $

 12,147

 $

 (17,765

 )

 Adjustments to reconcile net
 income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating
 activities:

 Depreciation, depletion and
 amortization

 40,707

 40,918

 Net gain on disposal or exchange
 of assets

 (14,335

 )

 (81,026

 )

 Income from equity affiliates

 (13

 )

 (15

 )

 Dividends received from equity
 investments

 9,935

 &#151;

 Minority interest

 1,943

 2,653

 Changes in current assets and
 liabilities, net of acquisitions:

 Accounts receivable

 (4,042

 )

 6,664

 Inventories

 (14,020

 )

 (16,089

 )

 Other current assets

 (1,064

 )

 (3,484

 )

 Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses

 (6,539

 )

 (8,294

 )

 Asset retirement obligations

 514

 (5,430

 )

 Workers&#146; compensation
 obligations

 533

 3,209

 Accrued postretirement benefit
 costs

 4,730

 14,248

 Obligation to industry fund

 (3,397

 )

 7,976

 Other, net

 (17,075

 )

 (5,030

 )

 Net cash provided by (used in)
 operating activities

 10,024

 (61,465

 )

 Cash Flows From Investing
 Activities 

 Additions to property, plant,
 equipment and mine development

 (42,440

 )

 (26,486

 )

 Acquisitions, net

 (44,538

 )

 &#151;

 Additions to advance mining
 royalties

 (3,469

 )

 (2,114

 )

 Proceeds from disposal of assets,
 net of notes receivable

 12,064

 33,942

 Net change in receivables
 from/payables to affiliates

 43,662

 66,258

 Net cash provided by (used in)
 investing activities

 (34,721

 )

 71,600

 Cash Flows From Financing
 Activities 

 Contribution from Parent

 44,538

 &#151;

 Long-term debt payments

 (19,202

 )

 &#151;

 Distribution to minority interests

 (480

 )

 (631

 )

 Net cash provided by (used in)
 financing activities

 24,856

 (631

 )

 Net increase in cash and cash
 equivalents

 159

 9,504

 Cash and cash equivalents at
 beginning of period

 519

 398

 Cash and cash equivalents at end
 of period

 $

 678

 $

 9,902

 See accompanying notes to the condensed combined financial
 statements.

 F-34

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS 

 JUNE 30,
 2007 

 (1) 

 Basis of
 Presentation 

 Distribution 

 On April 19, 2007, Peabody Energy Corporation (Peabody)
 announced that it is evaluating strategic alternatives regarding
 the subsidiaries listed below. The evaluation is expected to
 result in a spin-off or other transaction involving these assets
 to enhance long-term shareholder value. Peabody advanced this
 evaluation process through the filing of an initial Form 10
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission and a request for a
 Private Letter Ruling from the Internal Revenue Service for a
 possible tax-free spin-off. In the event of a spin-off, Peabody
 will distribute as a dividend to the stockholders of Peabody
 common stock of a corporation that will hold common stock or
 membership interests, as applicable, of these entities. A
 spin-off would be effected in accordance with a separation
 agreement and other related agreements between Peabody and
 Patriot Coal Corporation (the Group) that will facilitate the
 transition of the Group into an independent, publicly traded
 company. The assets and operations in the transactions under
 consideration would consist of a portion of those that Peabody
 attributes to its eastern U.S. mining operations as
 reported in its Eastern U.S. Mining Operations business
 segment in its financial statements and Securities and Exchange
 Commission reports.

 Basis
 of Presentation 

 The combined financial statements for the Group include the
 accounts of the following entities:

 &#149; 

 Eastern Coal Company, LLC and subsidiaries, which own
 coal-mining operations in West Virginia and Kentucky;

 &#149; 

 Midwest Coal Resources II, LLC and subsidiaries, which own
 coal-mining operations in western Kentucky;

 &#149; 

 Indian Hill Company and subsidiaries, which own coal-mining
 operations in western Kentucky;

 &#149; 

 Central States Coal Reserves of Kentucky, LLC, HCR Holdings,
 LLC, and Cleaton Coal Company, all of which own coal reserves in
 the Illinois Basin; and

 &#149; 

 Snowberry Land Company and Fort Energy, LLC, which
 collectively own an effective 73.9% interest in the KE Ventures,
 LLC joint venture and its coal-mining operations in West
 Virginia.

 These entities are held by Peabody Investments Corp. (Parent),
 which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Peabody. All significant
 transactions, profits and balances have been eliminated between
 these entities. The Group operates in one domestic coal segment
 (see Note 11).

 The accompanying condensed combined financial statements as of
 June 30, 2007 and for the six months ended June 30,
 2007 and 2006, and the notes thereto, are unaudited. However, in
 the opinion of management, these financial statements reflect
 all normal, recurring adjustments necessary for a fair
 presentation of the results of the periods presented. The
 balance sheet information as of December 31, 2006 has been
 derived from the Group&#146;s audited combined balance sheet.
 The results of operations for the six months ended June 30,
 2007 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be
 expected for future quarters or for the year ending
 December 31, 2007.

 The information discussed below primarily relates to the
 Group&#146;s historical results and may not necessarily reflect
 what its financial position, results of operations and cash
 flows will be in the future or would have been as a stand-alone
 company during the periods presented. Upon the completion of the
 spin-off, the Group&#146;s capital structure will be changed
 significantly and it will enter certain on-going operational
 agreements with Peabody to enhance both the financial position
 and cash flows of the Group. Such agreements include the
 assumption by Peabody of certain retiree healthcare liabilities
 and the re-pricing of a major coal supply agreement to reflect
 anticipated long-term market pricing for similar quality coal.

 F-35

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 In conjunction with the spin-off, the Group plans to enter into
 a $500 million
 5-year 
 revolving credit facility, intended to provide for its working
 capital requirements, support letters of credit and for other
 general corporate requirements. The Group&#146;s credit
 facilities will be utilized to replace certain Peabody letters
 of credit and surety bonds currently in place with respect to
 the Group&#146;s obligations.

 Description
 of Business 

 The Group is engaged in the mining of steam coal for sale
 primarily to electric utilities and metallurgical coal for sale
 to steel mills and independent coke producers. The Group&#146;s
 mining operations are located in the eastern and midwestern
 United States, primarily in West Virginia and Kentucky. In
 addition to mining activities, the Group also manages its coal
 reserve and real estate holdings, including sales or other
 strategic transactions of its coal reserves and real estate
 properties.

 (2) 

 New
 Accounting Pronouncements 

 In June 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)
 issued Interpretation No. 48, &#147;Accounting for
 Uncertainty in Income Taxes &#151; an interpretation of
 FASB Statement No. 109&#148; (FIN No. 48). This
 interpretation prescribes a recognition threshold and
 measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition
 and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
 in a tax return. FIN No. 48 also provides guidance on
 derecognition, classification, interest and penalties,
 accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition.

 The Group adopted the provisions of FIN No. 48 on
 January 1, 2007, with no impact to retained earnings. At
 adoption and at June 30, 2007, the unrecognized tax
 benefits in the Group&#146;s condensed combined financial
 statements were immaterial. The Group does not expect any
 significant increases or decreases to its unrecognized tax
 benefits within 12 months of this reporting date.

 Peabody&#146;s federal income tax returns (for which the Group
 is a member) for the tax years ended 1999 and beyond remain
 subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. The
 Group&#146;s state income tax returns for the tax years ended
 1991 and beyond remain subject to examination by various state
 taxing authorities.

 (3) 

 Net Gain
 on Disposal of Assets 

 During the six months ended June 30, 2007, the Group sold
 approximately 88 million tons of coal reserves and surface
 lands in Kentucky for cash of $26.5 million and notes
 receivable of $69.4 million. The Group recognized gains
 totaling $78.5 million on these transactions. During the
 six months ended June 30, 2006, the Group had a similar
 transaction where it sold coal reserves and surface lands in
 Kentucky for $9.5 million in cash proceeds and recognized a
 $7.9 million gain.

 (4) 

 Income
 Tax Provision (Benefit) 

 For the six months ended June 30, 2006 and 2007, the Group
 reported no income tax provision due to projected year end
 December 31, 2006 and 2007 net operating losses. Based on
 these projected losses, the Group did not expect to be subject
 to the Alternative Minimum Tax.

 F-36

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 (5) 

 Inventories 

 Inventories consisted of the following:

 December 31, 

 June 30, 

 2006 

 2007 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Materials and supplies

 $

 13,343

 $

 13,624

 Raw coal

 16,651

 29,340

 Saleable coal

 4,698

 7,817

 Total

 $

 34,692

 $

 50,781

 (6) 

 Comprehensive
 Income 

 The following table sets forth the after-tax components of
 comprehensive income for the six months ended June 30, 2006
 and 2007:

 Six Months Ended June 30, 

 2006 

 2007 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Net income (loss)

 $

 12,147

 $

 (17,765

 )

 Accumulated actuarial loss and
 prior service cost realized in net income (loss)

 &#151;

 19,034

 Comprehensive income

 $

 12,147

 $

 1,269

 Comprehensive income differs from net income by the amount of
 unrealized gain or loss resulting from the amortization of
 actuarial loss and prior service cost associated with the
 adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standard
 No. 158, &#147;Employers&#146; Accounting for Defined
 Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans.&#148;

 (7) 

 Postretirement
 Benefit Costs 

 Net periodic postretirement benefit costs included the following
 components:

 Six Months Ended June 30, 

 2006 

 2007 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Service cost for benefits earned

 $

 373

 $

 292

 Interest cost on accumulated
 postretirement benefit obligation

 31,813

 36,544

 Amortization of prior service cost

 (1,079

 )

 (173

 )

 Amortization of actuarial loss

 12,079

 19,589

 Net periodic postretirement
 benefit costs

 $

 43,186

 $

 56,252

 The Group expects to pay approximately $80 million
 attributable to its postretirement benefit plans during the year
 ended December 31, 2007, which reflects an increase of
 approximately $5 million from its previously disclosed
 estimate in the notes to the annual financial statements. The
 increase primarily relates to higher than anticipated
 utilization and revised estimates of the impact of the recently
 approved 2007 National Bituminous Coal Wage Agreement.

 F-37

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 (8) 

 Commitments
 and Contingencies 

 Commitments 

 As of June 30, 2007, purchase commitments for capital
 expenditures were $27.0 million.

 Other 

 In addition, at times the Group becomes a party to other claims,
 lawsuits, arbitration proceedings and administrative procedures
 in the ordinary course of business. Management believes that the
 ultimate resolution of such other pending or threatened
 proceedings is not reasonably likely to have a material effect
 on the Group&#146;s combined financial position, results of
 operations or liquidity.

 (9) 

 Guarantees 

 In the normal course of business, the Group is a party to
 guarantees and financial instruments with off-balance-sheet
 risk, such as bank letters of credit, performance or surety
 bonds and other guarantees and indemnities, which are not
 reflected in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance
 sheets. Such financial instruments are valued based on the
 amount of exposure under the instrument and the likelihood of
 required performance. In the Group&#146;s past experience,
 virtually no claims have been made against these financial
 instruments. Management does not expect any material losses to
 result from these guarantees or off-balance-sheet instruments.

 Other
 Guarantees 

 The Group is the lessee under numerous equipment and property
 leases. It is common in such commercial lease transactions for
 Peabody and the Group, as the lessee, to agree to indemnify the
 lessor for the value of the property or equipment leased, should
 the property be damaged or lost during the course of the
 Group&#146;s operations. Peabody expects that losses with
 respect to leased property would be covered by insurance
 (subject to deductibles). Peabody and certain of its
 subsidiaries have guaranteed other subsidiaries&#146;
 performance under their various lease obligations. Aside from
 indemnification of the lessor for the value of the property
 leased, Peabody&#146;s maximum potential obligations under its
 leases are equal to the respective future minimum lease
 payments, assuming no amounts could be recovered from third
 parties.

 Under Peabody&#146;s credit agreement, the Group has
 unconditionally and jointly and severally guaranteed the payment
 of principal, premium, if any, and interest on certain
 indebtedness of Peabody. The aggregate amount of Peabody
 indebtedness outstanding as of June 30, 2007, which is
 subject to the guarantee and the security interests, is
 $3.0 billion.

 (10) 

 Related
 Party Transactions 

 In June 2007, Peabody exchanged numerous oil and gas rights and
 assets owned throughout its operations, including some owned by
 Patriot, for high Btu coal reserves in West Virginia and
 Kentucky. Peabody did not allocate gain recognized from this
 transaction to Patriot, but contributed to the Group
 approximately 28 million tons of the West Virginia coal
 reserves. These reserves are located in the Pittsburgh coal seam
 adjacent to the Group&#146;s Federal No. 2 mining operation
 and were valued at $45.2 million.

 (11) 

 Segment
 Information 

 The Group reports its operations through one reportable
 operating segment. The Group&#146;s principal business is the
 mining, preparation and sale of steam coal, sold primarily to
 electric utilities, and metallurgical coal, sold to steel and
 coke producers. For the six months ended June 30, 2007, 79% of
 the Group&#146;s sales were to electricity generators and 21% to
 steel and coke producers. The Group&#146;s operations are
 characterized

 F-38

 Table of Contents 

 PATRIOT
 COAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS &#151; (Continued) 

 by primarily underground mining methods, coal with high and
 medium Btu content and relatively short shipping distances from
 the mine to the customer. &#147;Corporate and Other&#148;
 includes selling and administrative expenses, net gains on asset
 disposals, and costs associated with past mining obligations.

 The Group&#146;s chief operating decision maker uses Adjusted
 EBITDA as the primary measure of segment profit and loss.
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) before deducting
 net interest expense, income taxes, minority interests, asset
 retirement obligation expense and depreciation, depletion and
 amortization.

 Operating segment results for the six month periods ended
 June 30, 2006 and 2007 were as follows:

 For the Six Months Ended 

 For the Six Months Ended 

 June 30, 2006 

 June 30, 2007 

 Mining 

 Corporate 

 Mining 

 Corporate 

 Operations 

 and
 Other (1) 

 Combined 

 Operations 

 and
 Other (1) 

 Combined 

 Revenues

 $

 601,602

 $

 &#151;

 $

 601,602

 $

 525,884

 $

 &#151;

 $

 525,884

 Adjusted EBITDA

 135,708

 (59,201

 )

 76,507

 52,617

 (17,494

 )

 35,123

 Additions to property, plant,
 equipment and mine development

 42,440

 &#151;

 42,440

 26,486

 &#151;

 26,486

 Income from equity affiliates

 13

 &#151;

 13

 15

 &#151;

 15

 (1) 

 Corporate and Other results include the gains on disposal of
 assets discussed in Note 3. 

 A reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to combined net income
 (loss) follows:

 Six Months Ended June 30, 

 2006 

 2007 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 Total Adjusted EBITDA

 $

 76,507

 $

 35,123

 Depreciation, depletion and
 amortization

 (40,707

 )

 (40,918

 )

 Asset retirement obligation expense

 (11,622

 )

 (9,295

 )

 Interest expense

 (6,213

 )

 (4,788

 )

 Interest income

 248

 4,766

 Minority interests

 (6,066

 )

 (2,653

 )

 Net income (loss)

 $

 12,147

 $

 (17,765

 )

 F-39

