 
 EX-99.1
 16
 a2225312zex-99_1.htm
 EX-99.1

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 99.1 

 (Subject to Completion, dated July 8, 2015)

 16666
Northchase Drive 
Houston, Texas 77060 
 , 2015 

 Dear
Fellow Shareholders: 

 I am pleased to inform you that Exterran Holdings, Inc. intends to effect the spin-off of Exterran Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Exterran Holdings, through a pro rata stock
distribution to holders of Exterran Holdings common stock. Exterran Corporation will own the assets and liabilities associated with Exterran Holdings' international services and global fabrication
businesses. In connection with the spin-off, Exterran Holdings will change its name to "Archrock, Inc." and will be traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "AROC." References to
"Archrock" or "Exterran Holdings" before the spin-off refer to Exterran Holdings, Inc. and after the spin-off refer to Archrock, Inc. Upon the completion of the spin-off, Archrock shareholders will
own 100% of the outstanding shares of common stock of Exterran Corporation.

 The separation will be completed by way of a pro rata distribution of all of the outstanding shares of Exterran Corporation's common stock to Exterran Holdings' shareholders of record as
of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on , 2015, the record date for the distribution. Each Exterran
Holdings shareholder of record will receive one share of Exterran
Corporation's common stock for every two shares of Exterran Holdings common stock held on the record date. The distribution date of Exterran Corporation shares is expected to be
 , 2015. Shareholder approval of the spin-off is not required, and you do not need to take any action to
receive shares of Exterran Corporation's common stock in the spin-off.

 The
distribution, which is subject to several customary conditions, will be issued in book-entry form only, which means that no physical stock certificates representing interests in
Exterran Corporation will be issued. A book-entry account statement reflecting your ownership of shares of Exterran Corporation's common stock will be mailed to you, or your brokerage account will be
credited for the shares on or about the distribution date. No fractional shares of Exterran Corporation's common stock will be issued. Instead, the transfer agent will aggregate fractional shares into
whole shares, sell the whole shares in the open market at prevailing rates and distribute the net cash proceeds pro rata to each holder who would otherwise have been entitled to receive fractional
shares in the distribution. 

 We
intend for the spin-off to be tax-free to our shareholders (other than with respect to any cash received in lieu of fractional shares) and to us for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
To that end, we expect to obtain an opinion of counsel substantially to the effect that, among other things and subject to certain qualifications and limitations, the distribution, together with
certain other transactions, should qualify as a reorganization under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, for U.S. federal income tax purposes. You
should consult your own tax advisor as
to the particular consequences of the spin-off to you, including the applicability and effect of any state, local and non-U.S. tax laws, which may result in the spin-off being taxable to you. 

 If you sell or otherwise transfer your shares of Exterran Holdings common stock on or prior to the distribution date, you will also be selling your right to receive shares of Exterran
Corporation's common stock. You are encouraged to consult with your broker or financial advisor regarding the specific implications of transferring your Exterran Holdings common stock on or prior to
the distribution date.

 Table of Contents 

 Exterran Corporation's common stock is expected to be traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "EXTN." You do not need to take any action to
receive your shares of Exterran Corporation's common stock. You do not need to pay any consideration for your shares of Exterran Corporation's common stock or surrender or exchange your shares of
Exterran Holdings common stock .

 I encourage you to read the enclosed information statement, which is being mailed to all Exterran Holdings shareholders. It describes the spin-off in detail and contains important
information about Exterran Corporation, including financial statements.

 I believe the spin-off is a positive event for our shareholders, and I look forward to your continued support as a shareholder of Archrock. We remain committed to working on your behalf
to build long-term shareholder value.

 Sincerely, 

 D. Bradley Childers President and Chief Executive Officer Exterran Holdings, Inc. 

 Table of Contents 

 4444 Brittmoore Road 
Houston, Texas 77041 

 ,
2015 

 To
Shareholders of Exterran Corporation: 

 It is my pleasure to welcome you as a shareholder of Exterran Corporation. While we will be a new company upon our separation from Exterran Holdings, Inc., our business has a history of
strong financial and operational performance providing global product sales and international energy infrastructure services in Latin America and parts of the Eastern Hemisphere.

 We believe operating these businesses as a separate company will: position us to benefit from the continued build-out of the global energy infrastructure and the redevelopment currently
underway in North America; create financial flexibility enabling us to continue investing in value-creating contract operations projects; and expand our potential product sales customer base.
Accordingly, we believe we can more effectively focus on our global product sales business and our international services businesses as an independent company, and bring more value to you as a
shareholder, than we could as a subsidiary of Exterran Holdings.

 We currently employ approximately 7,000 people worldwide. We expect to list our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "EXTN."

 We
thank you in advance for your support as a shareholder of our common stock, and I invite you to learn more about us by reviewing the enclosed information statement. 

 Sincerely, 

 Andrew J. Way President and Chief Executive Officer 
Exterran Corporation 

 Table of Contents 

 Information contained herein is subject to completion or amendment. A Registration Statement on
Form 10 relating to these securities has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

 SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED JULY 8, 2015 

 INFORMATION STATEMENT 

 Exterran Corporation 

 Common Stock 

 (par value $0.01 per share) 

 This information statement is being furnished in connection with the distribution by Exterran Holdings, Inc. to its shareholders of all of the outstanding shares
of common stock of Exterran Corporation. In connection with such distribution and the related spin-off transactions, Exterran Holdings, Inc. will change its name to "Archrock, Inc.," or Archrock. As
of the date of this information statement, Exterran Holdings owns all of Exterran Corporation's outstanding common stock.

 To implement the distribution, Exterran Holdings will distribute shares of Exterran Corporation common stock on a pro rata basis to the holders of Exterran Holdings common stock. You, as
a holder of Exterran Holdings common stock, will be entitled to receive one share of our common stock for every two shares of Exterran Holdings common stock held as of 5:00 p.m.,
New York City time, on , 2015, the record date for the distribution. The distribution will be issued
in book-entry form only without the delivery of any physical share
certificates. No fractional shares of our common stock will be issued. Instead, the transfer agent will aggregate fractional shares into whole shares, sell the whole shares in the open market at
prevailing rates and distribute the net cash proceeds pro rata to each holder who would otherwise have been entitled to receive fractional shares in the distribution. The distribution date for the
spin-off will be , 2015.

 You will not be required to pay any cash or other consideration for the shares of our common stock that will be distributed to you or to surrender or exchange your shares of Exterran
Holdings common stock in order to receive shares of our common stock in the spin-off. The distribution will not affect the number of shares of Exterran Holdings common stock that you hold. Immediately
after the distribution is completed, Exterran Corporation will be an independent, publicly traded company. It is expected that the distribution should generally be tax-free to Exterran Holdings and
its shareholders for United States of America ("U.S.") federal income tax purposes, except to the extent that cash is received in lieu of fractional shares.

 No approval by Exterran Holdings shareholders of the spin-off is required or being sought. You are not being asked for a proxy and you are requested not to send a
proxy. 

 As discussed under "The Spin-Off&#151;Trading of Exterran Holdings Common Stock After the Record Date and Prior to the Distribution," if you sell your shares of Exterran Holdings
common stock in the "regular way" market after the record date and on or prior to the distribution date, you also will be selling your right to receive shares of our common stock in connection with
the spin-off. You are encouraged to consult with your broker or financial advisor regarding the specific implications of selling your shares of Exterran Holdings common stock on or prior to the
spin-off.

 There
currently is no trading market for our common stock. However, we expect that a limited market, commonly known as a "when-issued" trading market, for our common stock will begin on
or shortly after , 2015 and will continue up to and including the spin-off date, and we expect that
"regular way" trading of our common stock will begin the first day of trading
following the spin-off. Subject to completion of the spin-off, we expect our common stock to be traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "EXTN." 

 In reviewing this information statement, you should carefully consider the matters described under the caption "Risk Factors" beginning on
page 23. 

 Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved these
securities or determined if this information statement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

 This information statement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. 

 Exterran Holdings first mailed this information statement to its shareholders on or
about , 2015.

 The date of this information statement is , 2015. 

 Table of Contents 

 [Inside Cover Art to Come] 

 Table of Contents 

 CONTENTS 

 Page 

 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE SPIN-OFF 

 1 

 SUMMARY 

8 

 SUMMARY HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA FINANCIAL DATA 

21 

 RISK FACTORS 

23 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

44 

 THE SPIN-OFF 

45 

 CAPITALIZATION 

58 

 DIVIDEND POLICY 

59 

 SELECTED HISTORICAL COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA 

60 

 UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

64 

 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

70 

 BUSINESS 

99 

 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

109 

 RELATIONSHIP WITH ARCHROCK AFTER THE SPIN-OFF 

110 

 MANAGEMENT 

116 

 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

123 

 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

149 

 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 

151 

 DESCRIPTION OF MATERIAL INDEBTEDNESS 

157 

 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 

158 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F-1 

 This information statement is being furnished solely to provide information to Exterran Holdings shareholders who will receive shares of our common stock in the spin-off. It is not
provided as an inducement or encouragement to buy or sell any securities of Exterran Holdings or Exterran Corporation. This information statement describes our business, our relationship with Exterran
Holdings and how the spin-off affects Exterran Holdings and its shareholders, and provides other information to assist you in evaluating the benefits and risks of holding or disposing of our common
stock that you will receive in the spin-off. You should be aware of certain risks relating to our business, the spin-off and ownership of our common stock, which are described under the heading "Risk
Factors." You should not assume that the information contained in this information statement is accurate as of any date other than the date set forth on the front cover. Changes to the information
contained in this information statement may occur after that date, and we undertake no obligation to update the information contained in this information statement, unless we are required by
applicable securities laws to do so.

 i 

 Table of Contents 

 Note Regarding the Use of Certain Terms 

 In this information statement, unless the context requires otherwise or we specifically indicate otherwise, the terms "our company,"
"we," "our" and "us" when used in a historical context refers to the international services and global fabrication businesses of Exterran Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries and when used in
the present or future tense refer to Exterran Corporation and its subsidiaries after giving effect to the spin-off. In connection with the spin-off, Exterran Holdings, Inc. will change its name to
"Archrock, Inc." and will be traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "AROC." The terms "Exterran Holdings" and "Archrock," when used in a historical context, refer to
Exterran Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (including us and all of our subsidiaries) and, when used in the future tense, refer to Archrock, Inc. and its subsidiaries after giving
effect to the spin-off (excluding us and all of our subsidiaries). In connection with the spin-off, Exterran Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership controlled and partially owned by Exterran
Holdings that provides natural gas contract operations services to customers throughout the U.S. and that is publicly traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "EXLP," will change its
name to "Archrock Partners, L.P." and will be traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "APLP." The terms "Exterran Partners" and "Archrock Partners," when used in a historical
context, refer to Exterran Partners, L.P. and its subsidiaries and, when used in the future tense, refer to Archrock Partners, L.P. and its subsidiaries after giving effect to the
spin-off. The term "EESLP" refers to Exterran Energy Solutions, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. Following the completion of the spin-off, EESLP will be a wholly owned subsidiary of
Exterran Corporation. References to Exterran Holdings' "international services businesses" refers to the international contract operations and international aftermarket services businesses of Exterran
Holdings conducted outside of the United States. References to Exterran Holdings' "global fabrication business" refers to the fabrication business currently operated by Exterran Holdings worldwide,
which Exterran Corporation will operate after the completion of the spin-off as its product sales business.

 The separation of our businesses from Exterran Holdings' businesses will be accomplished through a series of transactions in which the assets, liabilities and operations of Exterran
Holdings' existing U.S. contract operations and U.S. aftermarket services businesses will be transferred to a newly formed entity indirectly owned by Exterran Holdings (referred to herein as the
"first contribution"), and such entity's stock will be distributed in an internal spin-off to Exterran Holdings (referred to herein, together with the first contribution, as the "internal
distribution"). Exterran Holdings' existing international contract operations, international aftermarket services and global fabrication businesses will be transferred to us (referred to herein as the
"second contribution"), and our common stock will be distributed pro rata to Exterran Holdings' shareholders as of the record date (referred to herein, together with the second contribution, as the
"distribution"). We refer to these transactions globally as the "spin-off."

 Industry and Market Data 

 The market data and certain other statistical information used throughout this information statement are based on independent industry
publications, government publications and other published independent sources, as well as on our good faith estimates. Although we believe the third-party sources are reliable as of their respective
dates, we have not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of this information. The industry in which we operate is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of
factors, including those described in the section entitled "Risk Factors." These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in these publications. 

 ii 

 Table of Contents 

 Basis of Presentation 

 Certain monetary amounts, percentages and other figures included in this information statement have been subject to rounding
adjustments. Percentage amounts included in this information statement have not in all cases been calculated on the basis of such rounded figures but on the basis of such amounts prior to rounding.
For this reason, percentage amounts in this information statement may vary from those obtained by performing the same calculations using the figures in our combined financial statements. Certain other
amounts that appear in this information statement may not sum due to rounding. 

 iii 

 Table of Contents 

 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE SPIN-OFF 

 Q: What is the spin-off? 

 A: The
spin-off will be accomplished through a series of transactions in which the assets, liabilities and operations of Exterran Holdings' existing U.S.
contract operations and U.S. aftermarket services businesses will be transferred to a newly formed entity indirectly owned by Exterran Holdings (referred to herein as the "first contribution"), and
such entity's stock will be distributed in an internal spin-off to Exterran Holdings (referred to herein, together with the first contribution, as the "internal distribution"). Exterran Holdings'
existing international contract operations, international aftermarket services and global fabrication businesses will be transferred to us (referred to herein as the "second contribution"), and our
common stock will be distributed pro rata to Exterran Holdings' shareholders as of the record date (referred to herein, together with the second contribution, as the "distribution"). We refer to these
transactions globally as the "spin-off."

 Q: Who are Archrock and Archrock Partners?

 A: In
connection with the spin-off, Exterran Holdings, Inc. will change its name to "Archrock, Inc." and will be traded on the New York Stock
Exchange, or NYSE, under the symbol "AROC," and Exterran Partners, L.P. will change its name to "Archrock Partners, L.P." and will be traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the
symbol "APLP." References in this information statement to "Exterran Holdings" or "Archrock," when used in a historical context, refer to "Exterran Holdings, Inc." and its subsidiaries
(including us and our subsidiaries), and, when used in the future tense, refer to "Archrock, Inc." and its subsidiaries after giving effect to the spin-off (excluding us and our subsidiaries).
In addition, references in this information statement to "Exterran Partners" or "Archrock Partners," when used in a historical context, refer to "Exterran Partners, L.P." and its subsidiaries
and, when used in the future tense, refer to "Archrock Partners, L.P." and its subsidiaries after giving effect to the spin-off.

 Q: Why is Exterran Holdings separating our business from Exterran Holdings' business?

 A: Exterran
Holdings' board and management team believe that there are significant expected benefits to the simplified, separate companies resulting from this
transaction, including: 

 &#149; with respect to Archrock:

 &#149; a focus on growing the U.S. services businesses, including organic growth, third party acquisitions and sales by Archrock
of additional U.S. contract operations assets over time to Archrock Partners;

 &#149; relatively stable cash flows and a focus on its fee-based natural gas contract compression business; 

 &#149; lower debt and capital requirements, allowing Archrock to return a high percentage of cash flow to its shareholders in
the form of a dividend;

 &#149; a pure-play yield investment opportunity with significant exposure to the U.S. energy infrastructure redevelopment; 
 &#149; opportunities to pursue acquisitions with potentially more highly valued equity currency; 
 &#149; a narrowing of industry focus that may potentially provide more extensive and more specialized equity research coverage;
and 
 &#149; the ability to be valued on a dividend yield basis, consistent with other publicly traded general partners, unlocking
value for shareholders. 

 1 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; with respect to us: 

 &#149; a focus on profitable growth in strategic markets and positioning us and our shareholders to benefit from the continued
build-out of the global energy infrastructure and the redevelopment currently underway in North America; 
 &#149; in our international services businesses, relatively stable cash flows due to our exposure to the production phase of oil
and gas development, as compared to drilling and completion related energy service and product providers; 
 &#149; limited capital expenditures in our product sales business; 
 &#149; financial flexibility to enable investment in value-creating contract operations projects; and 

 &#149; the opportunity to expand our potential product sales customer base to include companies in the U.S. contract compression
business that have historically been Exterran Holdings' competitors.

 For
more information, please read "The Spin-Off&#151;Reasons for the Spin-Off." 

 Q: What is being distributed in the spin-off? 

 A: Exterran
Holdings will distribute one share of our common stock for every two shares of Exterran Holdings common stock outstanding as of the record
date for the distribution. Approximately million shares of our common stock will be distributed in the spin-off, based upon the number of shares of Exterran Holdings common
stock outstanding on , 2015. The shares of our common stock to be distributed by Exterran Holdings will
constitute all of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock at the
closing of the spin-off. For more information on the shares being distributed in the spin-off, please read "Description of Capital Stock."

 Q: What is the record date for the spin-off, and when will the spin-off occur? 

 A: The
record date is , 2015, and ownership is determined as of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on that
date. Shares of our common
stock will be distributed on , 2015, which we refer to as the distribution date. 

 Q: As a holder of shares of Exterran Holdings common stock as of the record date, what do I have to do to participate in the spin-off?

 A: Nothing.
You will receive one share of our common stock for every two shares of Exterran Holdings common stock held as of the record date and retained
through the distribution date. You may also participate in the spin-off if you purchase Exterran Holdings common stock in the "regular way" market and retain your Exterran Holdings shares through the
distribution date. Please read "The Spin-Off&#151;Trading of Exterran Holdings Common Stock After the Record Date and Prior to the Distribution."

 Q: If I sell my shares of Exterran Holdings common stock before or on the distribution date, will I still be entitled to receive shares of Exterran Corporation
common stock in the spin-off?

 A: If
you sell your shares of Exterran Holdings common stock prior to or on the distribution date, you will also be selling your right to receive shares of our
common stock. See "The Spin-Off&#151;Trading of Exterran Holdings Common Stock After the Record Date and Prior to the Distribution." You are encouraged to consult with your broker or financial
advisor regarding the specific implications of selling your Exterran Holdings common stock prior to or on the distribution date.

 2 

 Table of Contents 

 Q: How will fractional shares be treated in the spin-off? 

 A: Exterran
Holdings will not distribute any fractional shares of our common stock to its shareholders. Instead, the transfer agent will aggregate fractional
shares into whole shares, sell the whole shares in the open market at prevailing rates and distribute the net cash proceeds pro rata to each holder who would otherwise have been entitled to receive
fractional shares in the distribution. For an explanation of how the cash payments for fractional shares will be determined, please read "The Spin-Off&#151;Treatment of Fractional Shares."

 Q: Will the spin-off affect the number of shares of Exterran Holdings I currently hold?

 A: No.
The number of shares of Exterran Holdings common stock held by a shareholder will be unchanged. The market value of each such share, however, is expected
to decline to reflect the impact of the distribution.

 Q: What are the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the spin-off to me? 

 A: Exterran
Holdings expects to obtain an opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP (the "Tax Opinion") substantially to the effect that, for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, (i) the internal distribution should qualify as a reorganization under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"),
and (ii) the distribution should qualify as a reorganization under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, subject to certain qualifications and limitations. Accordingly, for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, Exterran Holdings should not recognize any material gain or loss and you generally should recognize no gain or loss or include any amount in taxable income (other than
with respect to cash received in lieu of fractional shares) as a result of the spin-off. The material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the spin-off are described in more detail under "The
Spin-Off&#151;Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off." Information regarding tax matters in this information statement is for general information purposes only and does
not constitute tax advice. SHAREHOLDERS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE SPIN-OFF TO
THEM .

 Q: How will I determine the tax basis I will have in the shares of stock I receive in the spin-off? 

 A: Assuming
that the distribution is tax-free to Exterran Holdings' shareholders, the tax basis in Exterran Holdings' common stock that you hold immediately
prior will be allocated between such Exterran Holdings common stock and shares of our common stock received in the distribution in proportion to the relative fair market values of each immediately
following the distribution. You should consult your tax advisor about how this allocation will work in your situation (including a situation where you have purchased Exterran Holdings shares at
different times or for different amounts) and regarding any particular consequences of the spin-off to you, including the application of state, local and non-U.S. tax laws. The material U.S. federal
income tax consequences of the spin-off are described in more detail under "The Spin-Off&#151;Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off."

 Q: Will I receive a stock certificate for Exterran Corporation shares distributed as a result of the spin-off? 

 A: No.
Registered holders of Exterran Holdings common stock who are entitled to participate in the spin-off will receive a book-entry account statement
reflecting their ownership of our common stock. Following the spin-off, however, you may request physical stock certificates if you are a holder of record. For additional information, registered
shareholders in the United States should contact Exterran Holdings' transfer agent, American Stock Transfer & Trust Co., LLC, through its

 3 

 Table of Contents 

 website
at www.amstock.com. From outside the United States, shareholders may call (800) 937-5449. Please read "The Spin-Off&#151;When and How You Will Receive Exterran Corporation
Shares." 

 Q: What if I hold my shares through a broker, bank or other nominee? 

 A: Exterran
Holdings shareholders who hold their shares through a broker, bank or other nominee will have their brokerage account credited with shares of our
common stock. For additional information, those shareholders are encouraged to contact their broker, bank or nominee directly.

 Q: What if I have stock certificates reflecting my shares of Exterran Holdings' common stock? Should I send them to the transfer agent or to Exterran Holdings?

 A: No.
You should not send your stock certificates to the transfer agent or to Exterran Holdings. You should retain your Exterran Holdings stock certificates.

 Q: What are the conditions to the spin-off? 

 A: The
spin-off is subject to a number of conditions, including, among others: (1) the continued effectiveness of an opinion of counsel substantially to
the effect that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) the internal distribution should qualify as a reorganization under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, and
(ii) the distribution should qualify as a reorganization under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, subject to certain qualifications and limitations; (2) the SEC's
declaring effective the Registration Statement of which this information statement forms a part; and (3) receipt and continued effectiveness of all material consents necessary to consummate the
spin-off. However, even if all of the conditions have been satisfied, Exterran Holdings may amend, modify or abandon any and all terms of the spin-off and the related transactions at any time prior to
the distribution date. Please read "The Spin-Off&#151;Spin-Off Conditions and Termination."

 Q: Will Exterran Corporation incur any debt prior to or at the time of the spin-off? 

 A: Exterran
Holdings currently has in place a $900 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the "existing credit facility"). As of
March 31, 2015, there was approximately $454.7 million of available borrowing capacity under the existing credit facility.

 In
connection with the spin-off, we expect that we, or one of our expected wholly owned subsidiaries, will issue debt securities and enter into a credit facility and other financing arrangements. We
refer to the indebtedness we expect to incur in connection with the spin-off as our "debt arrangements" and the agreements governing our debt arrangements as our "debt agreements." We expect to
transfer the net proceeds from our debt arrangements, including amounts we borrow under our credit facility and the net proceeds we receive in connection with the issuance of debt securities, to allow
Exterran Holdings to repay certain of its existing indebtedness. The amount, type and term of our debt arrangements and the amount of net proceeds we expect to receive from such debt arrangements have
not been determined but will be determined prior to the spin-off. We will provide more details about the debt arrangements, including the available borrowing capacity under our credit facility
following the spin-off, and the terms of our debt agreements in this information statement when they are available. This information statement shall not be deemed an offer to sell or a solicitation of
an offer to buy any debt securities. For more information on our planned debt arrangements, please read "Capitalization" and "Description of Material Indebtedness."

 4 

 Table of Contents 

 Q: Are there risks to owning shares of our common stock? 

 A: Yes.
Our business is subject both to general and specific business risks relating to its operations, business, industry and common stock. In addition, the
spin-off involves specific risks, including risks relating to us being an independent, publicly traded company. Please read "Risk Factors." 

 Q: Does Exterran Corporation plan to pay cash dividends? 

 A: We
do not currently anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock. The declaration and amount of future dividends, if any, will be determined by our
board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, financial covenants, industry practice, applicable law and other factors our board of directors deems
relevant. Our ability to pay dividends on our common stock may be limited by the covenants of our debt agreements and limitations in our separation and distribution agreement and may be further
restricted by the terms of any future debt or preferred securities. See "Dividend Policy," "Description of Material Indebtedness" and "Relationship with Archrock After the
Spin-Off&#151;Separation and Distribution Agreement."

 Q: Will our common stock trade on a stock market? 

 A: Currently,
there is no public market for our common stock. We expect to list our common stock on the NYSE under the symbol "EXTN." We anticipate that limited
trading in shares of our common stock will begin on a "when-issued" basis on or shortly before the record date and will continue up to and including the distribution date and that "regular-way"
trading in shares of our common stock will begin on the first trading day following the distribution date. The "when-issued" trading market will be a market for shares of our common stock that will be
distributed to Exterran Holdings shareholders on the distribution date. If you owned shares of Exterran Holdings common stock at the close of business on the record date, you would be entitled to
shares of our common stock distributed pursuant to the spin-off. You may trade this entitlement to shares of our common stock, without the shares of Exterran Holdings common stock you own, on the
"when-issued" market. We cannot predict the trading prices or volume for our common stock before, on or after the distribution date. Please read "Risk Factors&#151;Risks Relating to Ownership
of Our Common Stock."

 Q: What will happen to Exterran Holdings stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance units?

 A: In
connection with the distribution, subject to approval by the compensation committee of the board of directors of Exterran Holdings, Exterran Holdings
stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance units will generally be treated as follows:

 &#149; Pre-2015 Awards. Immediately prior to the distribution,
each outstanding Exterran Holdings stock option, restricted stock award, restricted stock unit award and performance unit award granted prior to calendar year 2015, whether vested or unvested, will be
split into two awards, consisting of an Archrock award and an Exterran Corporation award.

 &#149; 2015 Awards. Each Exterran Holdings stock option,
restricted stock award, restricted stock unit award and performance unit award that is (i) granted in calendar year 2015 and (ii) held by an individual who will be employed or engaged by
Exterran Corporation or its affiliates following the distribution will be converted solely into an Exterran Corporation award. Each Exterran Holdings stock option, restricted stock award, restricted
stock unit award and performance unit award that is (i) granted in calendar year 2015 and (ii) held by an individual who will be employed or engaged by Archrock or its affiliates
following the distribution will be adjusted to cover Archrock shares.

 5 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; Incentive Stock Options. Notwithstanding the above,
Exterran Holdings "incentive stock options" (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code), whether granted during or prior to 2015, will be converted solely into options denominated in shares
of common stock of the applicable holder's post-distribution employer if the holder thereof elected, prior to the spin-off, to preserve the tax treatment of their Exterran Holdings incentive stock
options. Exterran Holdings incentive stock options held by an individual who does not elect, prior to the spin-off, to preserve the tax treatment of his or her Exterran Holdings incentive stock
options will be adjusted as otherwise described herein&#151;that is, each such option will either be split into two awards, consisting of an Archrock option and an Exterran Corporation option,
or converted solely into an option denominated in shares of common stock of the applicable holder's post-distribution employer, depending on whether the option was granted prior to or during calendar
year 2015.

 &#149; Awards Held by Non-Continuing Service Providers. In
addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, each Exterran Holdings stock option held by an individual who will not be employed or engaged with either Archrock or Exterran Corporation (or their respective
affiliates) following the distribution will be adjusted solely into an Archrock option covering Archrock shares.

 &#149; General Terms. Equity awards that are adjusted as
described above will generally be subject to the same vesting, expiration, performance conditions and other terms and conditions as applied to the underlying Archrock awards immediately prior to the
distribution.

 Q: What will be the relationship between Archrock and Exterran Corporation following the spin-off?

 A: After
the spin-off, Archrock will not own any shares of our common stock. We and Archrock will each be an independent, publicly traded company with its own
board of directors and management team. In connection with the spin-off, we are entering into a number of agreements with Archrock that will govern the spin-off and allocate responsibilities for
obligations arising before and after the spin-off, including, among others, obligations relating to our employees and taxes. For example, we expect that the separation and distribution agreement we
will enter into with Archrock will contain certain noncompetition provisions addressing restrictions for a limited period of time after the spin-off on our ability to provide contract operations
services in the United States and on Archrock's ability to provide contract operations services outside of the United States and product sales to customers worldwide, subject to certain exceptions. In
addition, we expect to enter into a supply agreement and related storage agreements with Archrock and Archrock Partners on arm's length terms that, among other things, will set forth the terms under
which we will provide Archrock and Archrock Partners with fabricated equipment. We also expect to enter into services agreements with Archrock on arm's length terms that will set forth the terms under
which the parties will provide each other with installation, start-up, commissioning and other services. Please read "Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-Off."

 Q: Will I have appraisal rights in connection with the spin-off? 

 A: No.
Holders of shares of Exterran Holdings common stock are not entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the spin-off.

 Q: Who is the transfer agent for your common stock? 

 A: American
Stock Transfer & Trust Co., LLC 
Operations Center 
6201 15 th Avenue 
Brooklyn, New York 11219 
www.amstock.com 
 6 

 Table of Contents 

 Q: Who is the distribution agent for the spin-off? 

 A: American
Stock Transfer & Trust Co., LLC 
Operations Center 
6201 15 th Avenue 
Brooklyn, New York 11219 
www.amstock.com 

 Q: Whom can I contact for more information? 

 A: If
you have questions relating to the mechanics of the distribution of shares of our common stock, you should contact the distribution agent. As noted above,
we have not yet selected a distribution agent, but we will do so prior to the completion of the spin-off and will include such distribution agent's contact information in an amendment to this
information statement. 

 Before
the spin-off, if you have questions relating to the spin-off, you should contact Exterran Holdings' Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary at:

Exterran Holdings, Inc. 
16666 Northchase Drive 
Houston, Texas 77060 
Attention: Donald Wayne, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
Telephone: (281) 836-7000

 7 

 Table of Contents 

 SUMMARY 

 The following is a summary of some of the information contained in this information statement. It does not
contain all the details concerning us or the spin-off, including information that may be important to you. We urge you to read this entire document carefully, including the risk factors, our
historical and pro forma financial statements and the notes to those financial statements. 

 References in this document to our historical assets, liabilities, business or activities generally refer to the historical assets,
liabilities, business or activities of our business as it was conducted as part of Exterran Holdings and its subsidiaries before giving effect to the spin-off. Our historical financial results
contained in this information statement may not be indicative of our financial results in the future as an independent company or reflect what our financial results would have been had we been an
independent company during the periods presented. Except as otherwise indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, the information included in this information statement assumes the completion
of the spin-off.

Our Company 

 We are currently a wholly owned subsidiary of Exterran Holdings, Inc. In connection with the spin-off, Exterran Holdings, Inc.
will change its name to "Archrock, Inc." Following the completion of our spin-off from Exterran Holdings, we will be an independent, publicly traded company operating under the name "Exterran
Corporation," and we will own the assets and liabilities associated with Exterran Holdings' international services and global fabrication businesses. We refer to the global fabrication business
currently operated by Exterran Holdings as our product sales business. Archrock will not retain any ownership interest in our company.

 We
are a market leader in the provision of compression, production and processing products and services that support the production and transportation of oil and natural gas throughout
the world. We provide these products and services to a global customer base consisting of companies engaged in all aspects of the oil and natural gas industry, including large integrated oil and
natural gas companies, national oil and natural gas companies, independent oil and natural gas producers and oil and natural gas processors, gatherers and pipeline operators. We report our results of
operations in the following three reporting business segments: contract operations, aftermarket services and product sales. 

 In
our contract operations business, which accounted for 23% of our revenue and 52% of our gross margin in 2014, we own and operate natural gas compression equipment and crude oil and
natural gas production and processing equipment on behalf of our customers outside of the United States. These services can include engineering, design, procurement, on-site construction and operation
of natural gas compression and crude oil or natural gas production and processing facilities for our customers. Our contract operations business is underpinned by long-term commercial contracts with
large customers, including several national oil and natural gas companies, which we believe provides us with relatively stable cash flows due to our exposure to the production phase of oil and gas
development, compared to drilling and completion related energy service and product providers. We believe our contract operations services generally allow our customers that outsource their
compression or production and processing needs to achieve higher production rates than they would achieve with their own operations, resulting in increased revenue for our customers. In addition,
outsourcing allows our customers flexibility for their compression and production and processing needs while limiting their capital requirements. These contracts generally involve initial terms
ranging from three to five years, and in some cases in excess of 10 years. In many instances, we are able to renew those contracts prior to the
expiration of the initial term; in some cases, we may sell the underlying assets to our customers pursuant to purchase options. 

 In
our aftermarket services business, which accounted for 7% of our revenue and 7% of our gross margin in 2014, we provide operations, maintenance, overhaul and reconfiguration services
outside of the United States to support our customers who own their own compression, production, processing, 

 8 

 Table of Contents 

 treating
and related equipment. Our services range from routine maintenance services and parts sales to the full operation and maintenance of customer-owned assets. We both seek to couple aftermarket
services with our product sales business to provide ongoing services to customers who buy equipment from us and to sell those services to customers who have bought equipment from other companies. 

 In
our product sales business, which accounted for approximately 70% of our revenue and 41% of our gross margin in 2014, we design, engineer, manufacture, install and sell natural gas
compression packages, as well as equipment used in the production, treating and processing of crude oil and natural gas to customers both in the United States and internationally. We also design,
engineer, manufacture and install this equipment for use in our contract operations business. In addition, we combine our products into an integrated solution that we design, engineer, procure and, in
certain cases, construct on-site for sale to our customers. We believe the expansive range of products we sell through our global platform enables us to take advantage of the ongoing, worldwide energy
infrastructure build-out. 

Competitive Strengths 

 We believe the following key competitive strengths will allow us to create shareholder value: 

 Global platform and expansive service and product offerings poised to capitalize on the global energy infrastructure build-out. Despite the recent
decline in oil and natural gas prices and the potential adverse, short-term impact on demand for our services and products, we expect that global oil and natural gas infrastructure will continue to be
built out and provide us with opportunities for growth as we believe our international customer base continues to focus on longer-term fundamentals that are less tied to near-term commodity prices. We
believe our size, geographic scope and broad customer base provide us with a unique advantage in meeting our customers' needs, particularly with regard to large-scale project construction and
development which will allow us to capture those growth opportunities. We provide our customers a broad variety of products and services in approximately 30 countries worldwide, including outsourced
compression, production and processing services, as well as the sale of a large portfolio of natural gas compression and oil and natural gas production and processing equipment and installation
services. We believe our contract operations services generally allow our customers that outsource their compression or production and processing needs to achieve higher production rates than they
would achieve with their own operations, resulting in increased revenue for our customers. In addition, outsourcing allows our customers flexibility for their compression and production and processing
needs while limiting their capital requirements. By offering a broad range of services and products that leverage our core strengths, we believe we provide unique integrated solutions that meet our
customers' needs. We believe the breadth and quality of our products and services, the depth of our customer relationships and our presence in many major oil and natural gas-producing regions place us
in a position to capture additional business on a global basis. 

 High-quality products and services. We have built a network of high-quality energy infrastructure assets that are strategically
deployed across our
global platform. Through our history of operating a wide variety of products in many energy-producing markets around the world, we have developed the technical expertise and experience required to
understand the needs of our customers and meet those needs through a range of products and services. These products and services include both highly customized compression, production and processing
solutions as well as standard products based on our expertise, in support of a range of projects, from those requiring quick completion to those that may take several years to fully develop.
Additionally, this experience has allowed us to develop efficient systems and processes and a skilled workforce that allow us to provide high-quality services throughout international markets. We
utilize this technical expertise and long history of developing and operating projects for our customers to continually improve our products and services, which enables us to provide our customers
with high-quality, comprehensive oil and natural gas infrastructure support worldwide. 

 9 

 Table of Contents 

 Complementary businesses enable us to offer customers integrated infrastructure solutions. We aim to provide our customers with
a single source to
meet their energy infrastructure needs, and we believe we have the ability to serve our customers' changing needs in a variety of ways. For customers that seek to limit capital spending on energy
infrastructure projects, we offer our full operations services through our contract operations business. Alternatively, for customers that prefer to develop and acquire their own infrastructure
assets, we are able to sell equipment and facilities for their operation In addition, in those cases, we can also provide operations, maintenance, overhaul and reconfiguration services following the
sale through our aftermarket services business. Finally, we also provide aftermarket services to customers that own compression, production, processing and treating equipment that was not purchased
from us. Because of the breadth of our products and our ability to deliver those products through our different delivery models, we believe we are able to provide the solution that is most suitable to
our customers in the markets in which they operate. We believe this ability to provide our customers with a variety of products and services provides us with greater stability, as we are able to
adjust the products and services we provide to reflect our customers' changing needs. 

 Cash flows from contract operations business supported by long-term contracts with diverse customer base. We provide contract
operations services to
customers located in approximately 15 countries. Within our contract operations business, we seek to enter into long-term contracts with a diverse collection of customers, including large integrated
oil and natural gas companies and national energy companies. These contracts generally involve initial terms ranging from three to five years, and in some cases can be in excess of 10 years,
and typically require our customers to pay our monthly service fee even during periods of limited or disrupted natural gas flows. In addition, our large, international customer base provides a
diversified revenue stream, which we believe reduces customer and geographic concentration risk. Furthermore, our customer base includes several companies that are among the largest and most
well-known companies within their respective regions throughout our global platform. 

 Experienced management team. We have an experienced and skilled management team with a long track record of driving growth through
organic expansion
and selective acquisitions. The members of our management team have strong relationships in the oil and gas industry and have operated through numerous commodity price cycles throughout our areas of
operations. Members of our management team have spent a significant portion of their respective careers at highly regarded energy and manufacturing companies, such as Exterran Holdings, and have
accumulated an average of over 25 years of industry experience.

 Well-balanced capital structure with sufficient liquidity. We intend to maintain a capital structure with an appropriate amount
of leverage and the
financial flexibility to invest in our operations and pursue attractive growth opportunities that we believe will increase the overall earnings and cash flow generated by our business. As of
March 31, 2015, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the spin-off, we would have had access to $ million of available borrowings under our debt agreements. In
addition, as of March 31, 2015, we would have had approximately $51.5 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand on a pro forma basis. 

Business Strategies 

 We intend to continue to capitalize on our competitive strengths to meet our customers' needs through the following key strategies: 

 Strategically grow our business to generate attractive returns to our shareholders. Our primary strategic focus involves the
growth of our business
through expanding our product and services offerings and growing our customer base, as well as targeting redevelopment opportunities in the U.S. energy market and expansions into new international
markets benefiting from the global energy infrastructure build-out. Our diverse product and service portfolio allows us to readily respond to 

 10 

 Table of Contents 

 changes
in industry and economic conditions. We believe our global footprint allows us to provide the prompt product availability our customers require, and we can construct projects in new locations
as needed to meet customer demand. We have the ability to readily deploy our capital to construct new or supplemental projects that we build, own and operate on behalf of our customers through our
contract operations business. In addition, we seek to provide our customers with integrated infrastructure solutions by combining product and service offerings across our businesses. As an independent
company, we plan to supplement our organic growth with select acquisitions in key markets to further enhance our geographic reach, product offerings and other capabilities. We believe acquisitions of
this nature will allow us to generate incremental revenues from existing and new customers and obtain greater market share. 

 Expand customer base and deepen relationships with existing customers. We believe the uniquely broad range of services we offer,
the quality of our
products and services and our diverse geographic footprint positions us well to attract new customers and cross-sell our products and services to existing customers. In addition, we have a long
history of providing the products and services we offer to our customers, which we couple with the technical expertise of our experienced engineering personnel to understand and meet our customers'
needs, particularly as those needs develop and change over time. We intend to devote significant business development resources to market our products and services, leverage existing relationships and
expedite our growth potential. We also seek to provide supplemental projects and services to our customers as their needs evolve over time. Finally, we expect to be able to offer certain of our
products, including fabricated compressors, to prospective customers that are competitors of Archrock, which increases our prospective customer base and provides us with the opportunity to diversify
our revenue sources.

 Continue our industry-leading safety performance. Because of our emphasis on training and safety protocols for our employees, we
have delivered
industry-leading safety performance, which has resulted in our achieving a strong reputation for safety. We believe this safety performance and reputation helps us to attract and retain customers and
employees. We have adopted rigorous processes and procedures to facilitate our compliance with safety regulations and policies. We work diligently to meet or exceed applicable safety regulations, and
we intend to continue to focus on our safety monitoring function as our business grows and operating conditions change. 

 Continue to optimize our global platform, products and services and enhance our profitability. We regularly review and evaluate
the quality of our
operations, products and services. This process includes customer review programs to assess the quality of our performance. In addition, we intend to use our global platform to reach a wide variety of
customers, which we believe can enable us to achieve cost savings in
our operations. We believe our ongoing focus on improving the quality of our operations, products and services results in greater satisfaction among our customers, which we believe results in greater
profitability and value for our shareholders. 

The Spin-Off and Our Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-Off

 The board of directors of Exterran Holdings regularly reviews the various operations conducted by Exterran Holdings to ensure that
resources are deployed and activities are pursued in the best interest of its shareholders. On November 17, 2014, Exterran Holdings announced that its board of directors had approved in
principle a plan involving the pro rata distribution of all of our shares of common stock to Exterran Holdings' shareholders in a distribution intended to be tax-free to us and such shareholders for
U.S. federal income tax purposes (other than with respect to any cash received in lieu of fractional shares). The spin-off is subject to, among other things, final approval by the Exterran Holdings
board of directors and the conditions described below under "The Spin-Off&#151;Spin-Off Conditions and Termination." We expect to complete the spin-off on or
about , 2015.

 11 

 Table of Contents 

However, we cannot assure you that the spin-off will be completed on the anticipated timeline, or at all, or that the terms of the spin-off will not change.

 We are currently a wholly owned subsidiary of Exterran Holdings. Following the completion of the spin-off, we expect to own the assets and are obligated on the liabilities comprising
Exterran Holdings' international services and global fabrication businesses.

 On or before the distribution date, we and Archrock will enter into agreements to define various post spin-off relationships between Archrock and us in various contexts. For example, we
expect that the separation and distribution agreement we will enter into with Archrock will contain certain noncompetition provisions addressing restrictions for a limited period of time after the
spin-off on our ability to provide contract operations services in the United States and on Archrock's ability to provide contract operations services outside of the United States and product sales to
customers worldwide, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, we will enter into the transition services agreement with Archrock under which the parties will provide one another with certain
transition services on an interim basis. We and Archrock will also enter into a tax matters agreement that will govern the respective rights, responsibilities and obligations of Archrock and us after
the spin-off with respect to taxes, tax attributes, the preparation and filing of tax returns, the control of tax audits and other tax proceedings and assistance and cooperation in respect of tax
matters. The tax matters agreement will contain certain restrictions on our ability to take, or fail to take, actions that could cause the distribution to fail to qualify as tax-free. Moreover, we
expect to enter into a supply agreement and related storage agreements with Archrock and Archrock Partners on arm's length terms that, among other things, will set forth the terms under which we will
provide Archrock and Archrock Partners with fabricated equipment. We also expect to enter into services agreements with Archrock on arm's length terms that will set forth the terms under which the
parties will provide each other with installation, start-up, commissioning and other services. See "Risk Factors&#151;Risks Relating to the Spin-Off." For more information regarding these
agreements, see "Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-Off&#151;Agreements Between Archrock and Us" and the historical and pro forma financial statements and the notes thereto included
elsewhere in this information statement.

Risk Factors 

 Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks related to the spin-off. The following list of risk factors is not
exhaustive. Please read "Risk Factors" carefully for a more thorough description of these and other risks. 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

 &#149; Continued low oil and natural gas prices could continue to depress or further decrease demand or pricing for our natural gas
compression and oil and natural gas production and processing equipment and services and, as a result, adversely affect our business. 

 &#149; The erosion of the financial condition of our customers could adversely affect our business. 
 &#149; Failure to timely and cost-effectively execute on larger projects could adversely affect our business. 
 &#149; We may incur losses on fixed-price contracts, which constitute a significant portion of our product sales business. 
 &#149; There are many risks associated with conducting operations in international markets, including our largest international markets for
contract operations, which include Mexico, Brazil and Argentina. 

 12 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; We are due to receive a substantial amount in installment payments from the purchaser of our previously nationalized Venezuelan
assets, the nonpayment of which would reduce the anticipated amount of funds available to us to repay indebtedness and for general corporate purposes. 
 &#149; We are exposed to exchange rate fluctuations in the international markets in which we operate. A decrease in the value of any of these
currencies relative to the U.S. dollar could reduce profits from international operations and the value of our international net assets. 
 &#149; We will have a substantial amount of debt that could limit our ability to fund future growth and operations and increase our exposure
to risk during adverse economic conditions. 
 &#149; Covenants in our debt agreements may impair our ability to operate our business. 
 &#149; We may be vulnerable to interest rate increases due to our floating rate debt obligations. 
 &#149; The termination of or any price reductions under certain of our contract operations services contracts could have a material impact on
our business. 

 &#149; Following the spin-off, we may face challenges as a result of being a smaller, less diversified company than we were as part of
Exterran Holdings prior to the spin-off. 

 &#149; We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, similar worldwide anti-bribery laws
and trade control laws. If we are found to have violated the FCPA or other legal requirements, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties and other remedial measures, which could materially
harm our reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

Risks Relating to the Spin-Off 

 &#149; We may not realize some or all of the benefits we expect to achieve from our separation from Exterran Holdings. 

 &#149; The combined value of Archrock and Exterran Corporation shares after the spin-off may not equal or exceed the value of Archrock shares
prior to the spin-off. 

 &#149; A large number of our shares are or will be eligible for future sale, which may cause the market price for our common stock to
decline. 
 &#149; Our historical combined and pro forma financial information may not be representative of the results we would have achieved as a
stand-alone public company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results. 
 &#149; Our costs will increase as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time
to complying with public company regulations. 
 &#149; Our accounting and other management systems and resources may not be adequately prepared to meet the financial reporting and other
requirements to which we will be subject following the spin-off and may strain our resources. 

 &#149; Following the spin-off, we and Archrock will be subject to certain noncompetition restrictions, which may limit our ability to grow
our business. 

 &#149; Following the spin-off, we and Archrock will provide each other with certain services under the transition services agreement that may
require us to divert resources from our business, which in turn may negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

 13 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; Following the spin-off, we will provide Archrock and Archrock Partners with certain fabricated products, including compressors, and we
will depend on Archrock and Archrock Partners for a significant amount of our product sales revenues. 

 &#149; Several members of our board and management may have conflicts of interest because of their ownership of shares of common stock of or
other equity interests in Exterran Holdings. 

 &#149; We will be subject to continuing contingent tax liabilities of Exterran Holdings following the spin-off. 

 &#149; The tax treatment of the distribution is subject to uncertainty. If the distribution does not qualify as a transaction that is
tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we, Archrock and our shareholders could be subject to significant tax liability and, in certain circumstances, we could be required to indemnify Archrock
for material taxes pursuant to indemnification obligations under the tax matters agreement.

Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

 &#149; No market currently exists for our common stock. We cannot assure you that an active trading market will develop for our common stock. 
 &#149; The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be volatile and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the
initial market price of our common stock following the spin-off. 

Corporate Information 

 The address of our principal executive offices is 4444 Brittmoore Road, Houston, Texas 77041. Our main telephone number is
(281) 854-3000. Our website address is www. .com. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into
this information statement or the registration
statement on Form 10 of which this information statement is a part, and you should not consider information on our website as part of this information statement or such registration statement
on Form 10. 

 14 

 Table of Contents 

 Summary of the Spin-Off 

 The following is a brief summary of the terms of the spin-off. Please see "The Spin-Off" for a more detailed description of the matters
described below. 

 Distributing company 
 
 Exterran Holdings, which is our parent company. After the spin-off, Archrock will not retain any shares of our common stock. 

 Distributed company 
 
 Exterran Corporation, which is currently a wholly owned subsidiary of Exterran Holdings. After the spin-off, we will be an
independent, publicly traded company. 

 Distribution ratio 
 
 Each holder of Exterran Holdings common stock will receive one share of our common stock for every two shares of Exterran
Holdings common stock held on the record date. Approximately million shares of our common stock will be distributed in the spin-off, based upon the number of shares of Exterran
Holdings common stock outstanding on , 2015. The shares of our common stock to be distributed by Exterran Holdings will constitute all of the issued and
outstanding shares of our common stock. For more information on the shares being distributed in the spin-off, see "Description of Capital Stock." 

 Fractional shares 
 
 The transfer agent identified below will automatically aggregate fractional shares into whole shares and sell them on behalf
of shareholders in the open market at prevailing market prices and distribute the net cash proceeds pro rata to each Exterran Holdings shareholder who otherwise would have been entitled to receive a fractional share in the spin-off. You will not be
entitled to any interest on the amount of payment made to you in lieu of a fractional share. See "The Spin-Off&#151;Treatment of Fractional Shares." 

 Distribution procedures 
 
 On or about the distribution date, the distribution agent identified below will distribute the shares of our common stock to
be distributed by crediting those shares to book-entry accounts established by the transfer agent for persons who were shareholders of Exterran Holdings as of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the record date. Shares of our common stock will be
issued only in book-entry form. No paper stock certificates will be issued. You will not be required to make any payment or surrender or exchange your shares of Exterran Holdings common stock or take any other action to receive your shares of our
common stock. However, as discussed below, if you sell shares of Exterran Holdings common stock in the "regular way" market between the record date and the distribution date, you will be selling your right to receive the associated shares of our
common stock in the spin-off. Registered shareholders will receive additional information from the transfer agent shortly after the distribution date. Beneficial shareholders will receive information from their brokerage firms. 

 15 

 Table of Contents 

 Distribution agent, transfer agent and registrar for our shares of common stock 
 
 American Stock Transfer & Trust Co., LLC 

 Record date 
 
 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on , 2015. 

 Distribution date 
 
 , 2015. 

 Trading prior to or on the distribution date 
 
 It is anticipated that, beginning on or shortly before the record date, Exterran Holdings' shares will trade in two markets
on the NYSE, a "regular way" market and an "ex-distribution" market. Investors will be able to purchase Exterran Holdings shares without the right to receive shares of our common stock in the "ex-distribution" market for Exterran Holdings common
stock. Any holder of Exterran Holdings common stock who sells Exterran Holdings shares in the "regular way" market on or before the distribution date will also be selling the right to receive shares of our common stock in the spin-off. You are
encouraged to consult with your broker or financial advisor regarding the specific implications of selling Exterran Holdings common stock prior to or on the distribution date. 

 Assets and liabilities of the distributed company 
 
 Prior to completion of the spin-off, we and Exterran Holdings will enter into a separation and distribution agreement that
contains the key provisions relating to the separation of our business from Exterran Holdings and the distribution of our shares of common stock. The separation and distribution agreement identifies the assets to be transferred, liabilities to be
assumed and contracts to be assigned either to us by Exterran Holdings or by us to Exterran Holdings in the spin-off and describe when and how the Transactions will occur. Please read "Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-Off&#151;Agreements
Between Archrock and Us&#151;Separation and Distribution Agreement." 

 16 

 Table of Contents 

 Relationship with Archrock after the spin-off 
 
 On or before the distribution date, we and Archrock will enter into agreements to define various continuing relationships between Archrock
and us in various contexts. In particular, we will enter into the transition services agreement with Archrock under which the parties will provide each other with certain transition services on an interim basis. We and Archrock will also enter into a
tax matters agreement that will govern the respective rights, responsibilities and obligations of Archrock and us after the spin-off with respect to taxes, tax attributes, the preparation and filing of tax returns, the control of tax audits and other
tax proceedings and assistance and cooperation in respect of tax matters. The tax matters agreement will contain certain restrictions on our ability to take, or fail to take, actions that could cause the distribution to fail to qualify as tax-free.
In addition, we expect to enter into a supply agreement and related storage agreements with Archrock and Archrock Partners on arm's length terms that, among other things, will set forth the terms under which we will provide Archrock and Archrock
Partners with fabricated equipment. We also expect to enter into services agreements with Archrock on arm's length terms that will set forth the terms under which the parties will provide each other with installation, start-up, commissioning and
other services. Please read "Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-Off&#151;Agreements Between Archrock and Us." 

 Indemnities 
 
 Under the terms of the tax matters agreement we will enter into in connection with the spin-off, we generally will be
required to indemnify Archrock for all taxes attributable to our business, whether accruing before, on or after the date of the spin-off and for 50% of certain taxes imposed on Archrock or its subsidiaries that do not clearly relate to either our
business or Archrock's business. We will also generally be required to indemnify Archrock for any taxes arising from the spin-off or certain related transactions that are imposed on us, Archrock or its other subsidiaries, to the extent such taxes
result from certain actions or failures to act by us that occur after the effective date of the tax matters agreement, and for 50% of such taxes to the extent such taxes do not result from certain actions or failures to act by us or Archrock. Please
see "The Spin-Off&#151;Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off&#151;Tax Matters Agreement." Please see also "Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-Off&#151;Agreements Between Archrock and Us&#151;Tax Matters Agreement."
Under the separation and distribution agreement entered into in connection with the spin-off, we will also indemnify Archrock and its remaining subsidiaries against various claims and liabilities relating to the past operation of our business. Please
read "Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-Off&#151;Agreements Between Archrock and Us&#151;Separation and Distribution Agreement." 

 17 

 Table of Contents 

 U.S. federal income tax consequences 
 
 Exterran Holdings expects to obtain an opinion of counsel substantially to the effect that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
(i) the internal distribution should qualify as a reorganization under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, and (ii) the distribution should qualify as a reorganization under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code,
subject to certain qualifications and limitations. Accordingly, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Exterran Holdings should not recognize any material gain or loss and you generally should recognize no gain or loss or include any amount in taxable
income (other than with respect to cash received in lieu of fractional shares) as a result of the spin-off. The material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the spin-off are described in more detail under "The Spin-Off&#151;Material U.S. Federal
Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off." 

 Conditions to the spin-off 
 
 We expect that the spin-off will be effective
on , 2015, provided that the conditions set forth under the caption "The Spin-Off&#151;Spin-Off Conditions and Termination" have
been satisfied in Exterran Holdings' sole and absolute discretion. However, even if all of the conditions have been satisfied, Exterran Holdings may amend, modify or abandon any and all terms of the spin-off and the related transactions at any time
prior to the distribution date. 

 Reasons for the spin-off 
 
 Exterran Holdings' board and management team believe that there are significant expected benefits to the simplified,
separate companies resulting from this transaction, including: 

 with respect to Archrock: 

 &#149; a focus on growing the U.S. services
businesses, including organic growth, third party acquisitions and sales by Archrock of additional U.S. contract operations assets over time to Archrock Partners; 

 &#149; relatively stable cash flows and a focus on
its fee-based natural gas contract compression business; 

 &#149; lower debt and capital requirements, allowing
Archrock to return a high percentage of cash flow to shareholders in the form of a dividend; 

 &#149; a pure-play yield investment opportunity with
significant exposure to the U.S. energy infrastructure redevelopment; 

 &#149; opportunities to pursue acquisitions with
potentially more highly valued equity currency; 

 &#149; a narrowing of industry focus that may
potentially provide more extensive and more specialized equity research coverage; and 

 &#149; the ability to be valued on a dividend yield
basis, consistent with other publicly traded general partners, unlocking value for shareholders. 

 18 

 Table of Contents 

 with respect to us: 

 &#149; a focus on profitable growth in strategic
markets and positioning us and our shareholders to benefit from the continued build-out of the global energy infrastructure and the redevelopment currently underway in North America; 

 &#149; in our international services businesses,
relatively stable cash flows due to our exposure to the production phase of oil and gas development, as compared to drilling and completion related energy service and product providers; 

 &#149; limited capital expenditures in our product
sales business; 

 &#149; financial flexibility to enable investment in
value-creating contract operations projects; and 

 &#149; the opportunity to expand our potential
product sales customer base to include companies in the U.S. contract compression business that have historically been Exterran Holdings' competitors. 

 In addition, we believe the spin-off will enable us to recognize revenue and profit on sales of certain newly fabricated
equipment to Archrock and Archrock Partners that for accounting purposes were previously eliminated in the course of consolidating the financial statements of Exterran Holdings. For more information, please read "The Spin-Off&#151;Reasons for the
Spin-Off." 

 Stock exchange listing 
 
 Currently there is no public market for our common stock. Subject to completion of the spin-off, we expect our common stock
to be traded on the NYSE under the symbol "EXTN." We anticipate that limited trading in shares of our common stock will begin on a "when-issued" basis on or shortly before the record date and will continue up to and including through the distribution
date and that "regular-way" trading in shares of our common stock will begin on the first trading day following the distribution date. "When-issued" trading refers to a transaction made conditionally because the security has been authorized but not
yet issued. On the first trading day following the distribution of our shares of common stock in the spin-off, "when-issued" trading in respect of our common stock will end and "regular way" trading will begin. "Regular way" trading refers to trading
after a security has been issued and typically involves a transaction that settles on the third full business day following the date of the transaction. We cannot predict the trading prices or volume of our common stock following the spin-off. 
In connection with the spin-off, Exterran Holdings, Inc. will change its name to "Archrock, Inc." Following the spin-off, Archrock common stock will remain outstanding and will trade on the NYSE under the symbol "AROC." 

 19 

 Table of Contents 

 Dividend policy 
 
 We do not currently anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock. The declaration and amount of future dividends, if any, will be
determined by our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, financial covenants, industry practice, applicable law and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. Please read "Dividend
Policy." 

 Risk factors 
 
 You should carefully review the risks relating to our business, the spin-off and ownership of our common stock described in
this information statement. Please read "Risk Factors." 

 20 

 Table of Contents 

 SUMMARY HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA FINANCIAL DATA 

 The following tables present the summary historical and pro forma financial information of Exterran Holdings' historical international
contract operations and global fabrication reporting segments and the international component of Exterran Holdings' aftermarket
services reporting segment reflected in its historical financial statements discussed herein and included elsewhere in this information statement. We refer to the global fabrication reporting business
currently operated by Exterran Holdings as our product sales business. The balance sheet data as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 and the statements of operations and cash flows data for each of
the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 are derived from our audited combined financial statements included elsewhere in this information statement. The balance sheet data as of
March 31, 2015 and the statements of operations and cash flows data for each of the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 are derived from our unaudited combined financial
statements included elsewhere in this information statement. The balance sheet data as of March 31, 2014 is derived from our unaudited combined financial statements, which are not included in
this information statement. Management believes that the unaudited combined financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited combined financial statements and include all
adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair statement of the information for the periods presented. Results for the interim periods may not necessarily be
indicative of results for the full year. The results from continuing operations for all periods presented exclude the results of our Venezuelan contract operations business and Canadian contract
operations and aftermarket services businesses ("Canadian Operations"). Those results are reflected in discontinued operations for all periods presented.

 The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2015 and for the year ended December 31, 2014 have been
derived from Exterran Holdings' financial statements and adjusted to give effect to the spin-off and the other transactions described under "Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
Statements." The summary historical and pro forma financial information presented below should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and accompanying notes, "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements" included elsewhere in this information statement. The financial information
may not be indicative of our future performance and does not necessarily reflect what the financial position and results of operations would have been had we operated as a separate, stand-alone entity
during the periods presented, including changes that will occur in our operations as a result of our spin-off from Exterran Holdings.

 21 

 Table of Contents 

 Historical 

 Pro Forma 

 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 Years Ended December 31, 
 
 Three Months 
Ended 
March 31, 
2015 

 Year Ended 
December 31, 
2014 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 

 (in thousands) 

 Statement of Operations Data: 

 Revenues 

$ 
 2,172,754 

$ 
 2,415,473 

$ 
 2,068,724 

$ 
 532,047 

$ 
 473,132 

$ 

$ 

 Gross margin(1) 

 596,869 

 583,516 

 484,606 

 144,065 

 141,166 

 Selling, general and administrative 

 267,493 

 264,890 

 269,812 

 58,566 

 64,656 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 173,803 

 140,029 

 167,499 

 38,795 

 36,166 

 Long-lived asset impairment(2) 

 3,851 

 11,941 

 5,197 

 4,579 

 &#151; 

 Restructuring charges(2) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 3,892 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Interest expense 

 1,905 

 3,551 

 5,318 

 507 

 484 

 Equity in income of non-consolidated affiliates(2) 

 (14,553 
 ) 
 
 (19,000 
 ) 
 
 (51,483 
 ) 
 
 (5,006 
 ) 
 
 (4,693 
 ) 

 Other (income) expense, net 

 7,222 

 (1,966 
 ) 
 
 5,638 

 8,391 

 (2,198 
 ) 

 Provision for income taxes 

 77,833 

 97,367 

 26,226 

 19,384 

 22,405 

 Income from continuing operations 

 79,315 

 86,704 

 52,507 

 18,849 

 24,346 

 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax(2) 

 73,198 

 66,149 

 66,843 

 18,743 

 18,683 

 Net income 

 152,513 

 152,853 

 119,350 

 37,592 

 43,029 

 Balance Sheet Data (at period end): 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

$ 
 39,361 

$ 
 35,194 

$ 
 34,167 

$ 
 51,450 

$ 
 61,009 

$ 

$ 

 Working capital(3) 

 481,596 

 372,186 

 347,762 

 544,306 

 464,820 

 Total assets 

 2,032,823 

 1,999,211 

 2,133,502 

 2,025,854 

 2,024,937 

 Long-term debt(4) 

 1,107 

 1,539 

 &#151; 

 994 

 1,444 

 Total equity 

 1,451,822 

 1,373,904 

 1,407,394 

 1,489,363 

 1,455,858 

 Cash Flow Data: 

 Net cash flows provided by (used in): 

 Operating activities 

$ 
 150,942 

$ 
 170,286 

$ 
 168,433 

$ 
 24,319 

$ 
 (5,087 
 ) 

 Investing activities 

 (63,577 
 ) 
 
 14,913 

 41,700 

 (15,413 
 ) 
 
 2,802 

 Financing activities 

 (79,273 
 ) 
 
 (182,685 
 ) 
 
 (196,934 
 ) 
 
 3,414 

 32,509 

 Other Financial Data: 

 EBITDA, as adjusted(1) 

$ 
 326,729 

$ 
 324,905 

$ 
 216,562 

$ 
 84,616 

$ 
 78,627 

 Capital expenditures: 

 Contract Operations Equipment: 

 Growth(5) 

$ 
 97,931 

$ 
 36,468 

$ 
 107,658 

$ 
 29,612 

$ 
 15,906 

 Maintenance(6) 

 24,377 

 21,591 

 22,530 

 5,241 

 4,054 

 Other 

 35,546 

 42,136 

 34,602 

 5,696 

 6,481 

 (1) Gross
margin and EBITDA, as adjusted are non-GAAP financial measures. Gross margin and EBITDA, as adjusted are defined, reconciled to net income (loss) and
discussed further under "Selected Historical Combined Financial Data&#151;Non-GAAP Financial Measures."
 (2) See
notes to the Combined Financial Statements included elsewhere in this information statement for further discussion regarding these line items.
 (3) Working
capital is defined as current assets minus current liabilities.
 (4) Long-term
debt for each of the periods presented represents our capital lease obligations.
 (5) Growth
capital expenditures are made to expand or to replace partially or fully depreciated assets or to expand the operating capacity or revenue of
existing or new assets, whether through construction, acquisition or modification. The majority of our growth capital expenditures are related to the acquisition cost of new compressor units and
processing and treating equipment that we add to our fleet and installation costs on integrated projects. In addition, growth capital expenditures can also include the upgrading of major components on
an existing compressor unit where the current configuration of the compressor unit is no longer in demand and the compressor unit is not likely to return to an operating status without the capital
expenditures. These latter expenditures substantially modify the operating parameters of the compressor unit such that it can be used for previously unsuitable applications.
 (6) Maintenance
capital expenditures are made to maintain the existing operating capacity of our assets and related cash flows further extending the useful
lives of the assets. Maintenance capital expenditures are related to the major overhauls of significant components of a compressor unit, such as the engine, compressor and cooler, that return the
components to a "like-new" condition, but do not modify the applications for which the compressor unit was designed. 

 22 

 Table of Contents 

 RISK FACTORS 

 You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below in addition to the
other information contained in this information statement. Some of these risks relate principally to our spin-off from Exterran Holdings, while others relate principally to our business and the
industry in which we operate or to the securities markets generally and ownership of our common stock. Specifically, please see "Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements" for a
discussion of events that may affect our business. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks, and, as a result, the
trading price of our common stock could materially decline.

Risks Relating to Our Business 

Continued low oil and natural gas prices could continue to depress or further decrease demand or
pricing for our natural gas compression and oil and natural gas production and processing equipment and services and, as a result, adversely affect our business.

 Our results of operations depend upon the level of activity in the global energy market, including oil and natural gas
development, production, processing and transportation. Oil and natural gas prices and the level of drilling and exploration activity can be volatile. For example, oil and natural gas exploration and
development activity and the number of well completions typically decline when there is a sustained reduction in oil or natural gas prices or significant instability in energy markets. Even the
perception of longer-term lower oil or natural gas prices by oil and natural gas exploration, development and production companies can result in their decision to cancel, reduce or postpone major
expenditures or to reduce or shut in well production. 

 Global oil prices have declined recently. For example, West Texas Intermediate crude oil spot prices as of March 31, 2015 were approximately 11% and 53% lower than prices at
December 31, 2014 and March 31, 2014, respectively. In addition, natural gas prices in North America can be volatile. For example, the Henry Hub spot price for natural gas at
March 31, 2015 was approximately 16% and 41% lower than the price at December 31, 2014 and March 31, 2014, respectively. If oil or natural gas exploration and development activity
continues to decline in North America or other parts of the world, the level of production activity and the demand for our contract operations services, natural gas compression equipment and oil and
natural gas production and processing equipment could continue to remain depressed or could further decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. A reduction in demand for our products and services could also force us to reduce our pricing substantially, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, a reduction in demand for our products and services could result in our customers seeking to preserve capital by canceling
short-term contracts, canceling or delaying scheduled maintenance of their existing natural gas compression and oil and natural gas production and processing equipment, determining not to enter into
new contract operations service contracts or purchase new compression and oil and natural gas production and processing equipment, or canceling or delaying orders for our products and services, any of
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, booking activity levels for our fabricated products in each of our
North America and international markets during the three months ended March 31, 2015 have decreased by approximately 82% and 76%, respectively, compared to the three months ended
December 31, 2014, and each of our North America and international markets product sales backlog as of March 31, 2015 decreased by approximately 29% and 17%, respectively, compared to
December 31, 2014. In periods of volatile commodity prices, the timing of any change in activity levels by our customers is difficult to predict. As a result, our ability to project the
anticipated activity level for our business, and particularly our fabrication segment, in the second half of 2015 and beyond is limited. If these reduced booking levels persist for a sustained period,
we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The erosion of the financial condition of our customers could adversely affect our business. 

 Many of our customers finance their exploration and development activities through cash flow from operations, the
incurrence of debt or the issuance of equity. During times when the oil or natural gas markets weaken, our customers are more likely to experience a downturn in their financial 

 23 

 Table of Contents 

 condition.
A reduction in borrowing bases under reserve-based credit facilities, the lack of availability of debt or equity financing or other factors that negatively impact our customers' financial
condition could result in our customers seeking to preserve capital by reducing prices under or cancelling contracts with us, determining not to renew contracts with us, cancelling or delaying
scheduled maintenance of their existing natural gas compression and oil and natural gas production and processing equipment, determining not to enter into contract operations agreements or not to
purchase new compression and oil and natural gas production and processing equipment, or determining to cancel or delay orders for our products and services. Any such action by our customers would
reduce demand for our products and services. Reduced demand for our products and services could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, which may, in
turn, reduce any dividends we may pay to our shareholders. In addition, in the event of the financial failure of a customer, we could experience a loss on all or a portion of our outstanding accounts
receivable associated with that customer. 

Failure to timely and cost-effectively execute on larger projects could adversely affect our
business. 

 Our international projects typically have a relatively larger size and scope than the majority of Exterran Holdings'
projects in the United States, which can translate into more technically challenging conditions or performance specifications for our products and services. Contracts with our customers for these
projects typically specify delivery dates, performance criteria and penalties for our failure to perform. Any failure to execute such larger projects in a timely and cost effective manner could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We may incur losses on fixed-price contracts, which constitute a significant portion of our product
sales business. 

 In connection with projects and services performed under fixed-price contracts, we generally bear the risk of cost
over-runs, operating cost inflation, labor availability and productivity, and supplier and subcontractor pricing and performance, unless additional costs result from customer-requested change orders.
Under both our fixed-price contracts and our cost-reimbursable contracts, we may rely on third parties for many support services, and we could be subject to liability for their failures. For example,
we have experienced losses on certain large fabrication or manufacturing projects that have negatively impacted our product sales results. Any failure to accurately estimate our costs and the time
required for a fixed-price fabrication or manufacturing project at the time we enter into a contract could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

There are many risks associated with conducting operations in international markets. 

 Following the spin-off, our contract operations and aftermarket services businesses, and a portion of our product sales
business, will be conducted in countries outside the United States. We operate in many countries. The countries with our largest contract operations businesses include Mexico, Brazil and Argentina. We
are exposed to risks inherent in doing business in each of the countries where we operate. Our operations are subject to various risks unique to each country that could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, in 2009 Petroleos de Venezuela S.A. ("PDVSA"), the Venezuelan state-owned oil company, assumed control
over substantially all of our assets and operations in Venezuela. 

 In
April 2012, Argentina assumed control over its largest oil and gas producer, Yacimientos Petroliferos Fiscales ("YPF"). We had approximately 523,000 horsepower of compression in
Argentina as of December 31, 2014, and we generated $172.5 million of revenue in Argentina, including $78.5 million of revenue from YPF, during the year ended December 31,
2014. As of December 31, 2014, $16.0 million of our cash was in Argentina. As is not uncommon during periods of low commodity prices, we have recently been requested to provide modest pricing
reductions to YPF for certain of our services and are currently in discussions to reach an acceptable agreement. This request for pricing reductions is unrelated to the nationalization of YPF, which
has not had a direct impact on our business to date. We are unable to predict what further effect, if any, the nationalization of YPF will have on our business in Argentina going forward, or whether
Argentina will nationalize additional businesses in the oil and gas industry; however, the nationalization of YPF, the nationalization of 

 24 

 Table of Contents 

 additional
businesses or the taking of other actions listed below by Argentina could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 More
generally in Argentina, the ongoing social, political, economic and legal climate has given rise to significant uncertainties about the country's economic and political future.
Since the presidential election in late 2011, the Argentine government has increasingly used foreign-exchange, price, trade and capital controls to attempt to address the country's economic
challenges. Argentina's current regulations restrict foreign exchange, including exchanging Argentine pesos for U.S. dollars in certain cases, and we are unable to freely repatriate cash from
Argentina. Therefore, the cash flow from our operations in Argentina may not be a reliable source of funding for our operations outside of Argentina, which could limit our ability to grow.
Restrictions on our ability to exchange Argentine pesos for U.S. dollars subject us to risk of currency devaluation on future earnings in Argentina. During 2014, we used Argentine pesos to purchase
certain short-term investments in Argentine government issued U.S. dollar denominated bonds. The effective Argentine peso to U.S. dollar exchange rate embedded in the purchase price of
$24.3 million of bonds resulted in our recognition of a loss during the year ended December 31, 2014 of $6.5 million, which is included in other (income) expense, net, in our
combined statements of operations. 

 In
addition, the Argentine government may adopt additional regulations or policies in the future that may impact, among other things, (i) the timing of and our ability to
repatriate cash from Argentina to the U.S. and other jurisdictions, (ii) the value of our assets and business in Argentina and (iii) our ability to import into Argentina the materials
necessary for our operations. Any such changes could have a material adverse effect on our operations in Argentina and may negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition
and cash flows. 

 We
generate a significant portion of our revenue in Mexico from Petroleos Mexicanos ("Pemex"). Pemex is a decentralized public entity of the Mexican government, and, therefore, the
Mexican government controls Pemex, as well as its annual budget, which is approved by the Mexican Congress. The Mexican government may cut spending in the future. These cuts could adversely affect
Pemex's annual budget and its ability to engage us in the future or compensate us for our services. Recently, the Mexican government implemented an energy industry reform that will allow the
government to grant non-Mexican companies the opportunity to enter into contracts and licenses to explore and drill for oil and natural gas in Mexico. Any impact from this reform on our business in
Mexico is uncertain. 

 Also,
during the past several years, incidents of security disruptions in many regions of Mexico have increased, including drug-related gang activity. Certain incidents of violence have
occurred in regions we serve and have resulted in the temporary disruption of our operations. These disruptions could continue or increase in the future. To the extent that such security disruptions
continue or increase, our operations will continue to be affected, and the levels of revenue and operating cash flow from our Mexican operations could be reduced. 

 We generate a significant portion of our revenue in Brazil from Petroleos Brasileiro ("Petrobras"), a government-controlled energy company. Recently, a significant number of senior
executives at Petrobras
have resigned their positions in connection with a widely publicized corruption investigation. In addition, Petrobras recently announced further reductions to its long-term capital expenditures
budget. We expect these developments to disrupt Petrobras' operations in the near term, which could in turn adversely affect our business and results of operations in Brazil.

 With
respect to any particular country in which we operate, the risks inherent in our activities may include the following, the occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows: 

 &#149; difficulties in managing international operations, including our ability to timely and cost effectively execute projects; 
 &#149; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, laws or policies by foreign agencies or governments; 
 &#149; work stoppages; 
 &#149; training and retaining qualified personnel in international markets; 
 &#149; the burden of complying with multiple and potentially conflicting laws and regulations; 
 
 25 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; tariffs and other trade barriers; 
 &#149; actions by governments or national oil companies that result in the nullification or renegotiation on less than favorable terms of
existing contracts, or otherwise result in the deprivation of contractual rights, and other difficulties in enforcing contractual obligations; 
 &#149; governmental actions that: result in restricting the movement of property or that impede our ability to import or export parts or
equipment; require a certain percentage of equipment to contain local or domestic content; or require certain local or domestic ownership, control or employee ratios in order to do business in or
obtain special incentives or treatment in certain jurisdictions; 
 &#149; foreign currency exchange rate risks, including the risk of currency devaluations by foreign governments; 
 &#149; difficulty in collecting international accounts receivable; 
 &#149; potentially longer receipt of payment cycles; 
 &#149; changes in political and economic conditions in the countries in which we operate, including general political unrest, the
nationalization of energy related assets, civil uprisings, riots, kidnappings, violence associated with drug cartels and terrorist acts; 
 &#149; potentially adverse tax consequences or tax law changes; 
 &#149; currency controls or restrictions on repatriation of earnings; 
 &#149; expropriation, confiscation or nationalization of property without fair compensation; 
 &#149; the risk that our international customers may have reduced access to credit because of higher interest rates, reduced bank lending or
a deterioration in our customers' or their lenders' financial condition; 
 &#149; complications associated with installing, operating and repairing equipment in remote locations; 
 &#149; limitations on insurance coverage; 
 &#149; inflation; 
 &#149; the geographic, time zone, language and cultural differences among personnel in different areas of the world; and 
 &#149; difficulties in establishing new international offices and the risks inherent in establishing new relationships in foreign countries. 

 In
addition, we may expand our business in international markets where we have not previously conducted business. The risks inherent in establishing new business ventures, especially in
international markets where local customs, laws and business procedures present special challenges, may affect our ability to be successful in these ventures or avoid losses that could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We are due to receive a substantial amount in installment payments from the purchaser of our
previously nationalized Venezuelan assets, the nonpayment of which would reduce the anticipated amount of funds available to us to repay indebtedness and for general corporate purposes. 

 In March 2012 and August 2012, we sold our previously-nationalized Venezuelan joint venture assets and Venezuelan
subsidiary assets, respectively, to PDVSA Gas, S.A. ("PDVSA Gas"), a subsidiary of PDVSA, for aggregate consideration of approximately $550 million. As of March 31, 2015, we have
received payments, including annual charges, of approximately $445 million ($50 million of which was used to repay insurance proceeds previously collected under the policy we maintained
for the risk of expropriation) and are due to receive the remaining principal amount as of March 31, 2015 of approximately $121 million in installments through the third quarter of 2016.
We intend to use these remaining proceeds, as they are received, for the repayment of indebtedness and for general corporate purposes. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the separation and
distribution agreement, in the event that PDVSA Gas defaults on its obligation to pay these installments when due and our adjusted total leverage ratio (as described in the separation and distribution
agreement) exceeds 3.75 to 1.00 as of the last day of any testing period described in our new credit facility, Archrock will make support payments

 26 

 Table of Contents 

to us up to $100 million in the aggregate in an amount corresponding to the PDVSA Gas payments in default. However, the amount of support payments we would be entitled to receive from Archrock
will be reduced by an amount corresponding to the amount of dividends or other distributions made in respect of our and certain of our subsidiaries' equity securities or any purchase, redemption or
other acquisition or retirement for value of our equity interests that would, in either case, constitute a restricted payment under the terms of the indenture governing our New Senior Notes. In
addition, the amount of support payments we would be entitled to receive from Archrock will be further reduced by the amount of capital expenditures incurred by us between July 1, 2015 and
March 31, 2017 in excess of $307 million and by amounts we pay (including indebtedness we assume) in respect of business combinations. Please read "Relationship with Archrock After the
Spin-off&#151;Separation and Distribution Agreement." As a result, we may not receive all or a portion of the support payments to which we may be entitled from Archrock in the event that PDVSA
Gas defaults on its payment obligation.

 Any failure by PDVSA Gas to pay these installments when due or inability of Archrock to support the payments in default would reduce the amount of funds available to us in the future for
these purposes. PDVSA's payments to many of its suppliers and partners are currently significantly in arrears, and the ongoing social, political, economic and legal climate has given rise to
significant uncertainties about the country's economic and political stability. Since the presidential election in the first half of 2013, the Venezuelan government has increasingly used
foreign-exchange, price and capital controls to attempt to address the country's economic challenges. If current political unrest were to develop into a prolonged period of governmental or economic
instability, or if PDVSA becomes increasingly unable to pay its suppliers and partners due to the detrimental effect of recent commodity price declines on Venezuela's economy or for other reasons, our
ability to recover in full the remaining proceeds from PDVSA Gas could be adversely impacted.

We are exposed to exchange rate fluctuations in the international markets in which we operate. A
decrease in the value of any of these currencies relative to the U.S. dollar could reduce profits from international operations and the value of our international net assets. 

 We operate in many international countries. We anticipate that there will be instances in which costs and revenues will
not be exactly matched with respect to currency denomination. We generally do not hedge exchange rate exposures, which exposes us to the risk of exchange rate losses. Gains and losses from the
remeasurement of assets and liabilities that are receivable or payable in currency other than our subsidiaries' functional currency are included in our combined statements of operations. In addition,
currency fluctuations cause the U.S. dollar value of our international results of operations and net assets to vary with exchange rate fluctuations. This could have a negative impact on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. In addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to currencies in which the earnings are generated may make it more difficult to perform period-to-period
comparisons of our reported results of operations. Our material exchange rate exposure relates to intercompany loans denominated in U.S. dollars to subsidiaries whose functional currencies are the
Brazilian Real and the Euro, which loans carried balances of $62.9 million and $28.1 million U.S. dollars, respectively, as of March 31, 2015. In addition, Argentina's current
regulations restrict foreign exchange, including exchanging Argentine pesos for U.S. dollars in certain cases. Restrictions on our ability to exchange Argentine pesos for U.S. dollars subject
us to risk of currency devaluation on future earnings in Argentina. As of March 31, 2015, $23.1 million of our cash was in Argentina. As we expand geographically, we may experience
economic loss and a negative impact on earnings or net assets solely as a result of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Further, the markets in which we operate could restrict the removal or
conversion of the local or foreign currency, resulting in our inability to hedge against these risks. 

We will have a substantial amount of debt that could limit our ability to fund future growth and
operations and increase our exposure to risk during adverse economic conditions. 

 As of March 31, 2015, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the spin-off, we would have had approximately
$ million in outstanding debt obligations. Many factors, including factors beyond our control, may affect our ability to make payments on our outstanding
indebtedness. These factors include those discussed elsewhere in these Risk Factors and those listed under "Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements." 

 27 

 Table of Contents 

 Our
substantial debt and associated commitments could have important adverse consequences. For example, these commitments could: 

 &#149; make it more difficult for us to satisfy our contractual obligations; 
 &#149; increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 &#149; limit our ability to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other corporate requirements; 
 &#149; increase our vulnerability to interest rate fluctuations because the interest payments on a portion of our debt will be based upon
variable interest rates and a portion will adjust based upon our credit statistics; 
 &#149; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; 
 &#149; limit our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders; 
 &#149; place us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt or less restrictive covenants in such debt; and 
 &#149; limit our ability to refinance our debt in the future or borrow additional funds. 

Covenants in our debt agreements may impair our ability to operate our business. 

 Our debt agreements are expected to contain various covenants with which we or certain of our subsidiaries must comply,
including, but not limited to, restrictions on the use of proceeds from borrowings and limitations on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, enter into transactions with affiliates, merge or
consolidate, sell assets, make certain investments and acquisitions, make loans and pay dividends and distributions. We also expect to be subject to financial covenants under our debt agreements. If
we fail to remain in compliance with these restrictions and financial covenants, we would be in default under our debt agreements. In addition, if we experience a material adverse effect on our
assets, liabilities, financial condition, business or operations that, taken as a whole, impacts our ability to perform our obligations under our debt agreements, this could lead to a default under
our debt agreements. A default under one or more of our debt agreements would trigger cross-default provisions under certain of our other debt agreements, which would accelerate our obligation to
repay our indebtedness under those agreements. If the repayment obligations on any of our indebtedness were to be accelerated, we may not be able to repay the debt or refinance the debt on acceptable
terms, and our financial position would be materially adversely affected. 

We may be vulnerable to interest rate increases due to our floating rate debt obligations. 

 As of March 31, 2015, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the completion of the spin-off, we expect to
have $ million of outstanding indebtedness that is effectively subject to floating interest rates. Changes in economic conditions outside of our control could result in
higher
interest rates, thereby increasing our interest expense and reducing the funds available for capital investment, operations or other purposes. A 1% increase in the effective interest rate on our
expected outstanding debt subject to floating interest rates at the time of the spin-off would result in an annual increase in our interest expense of approximately
$ million. 

The termination of or any price reductions under certain of our contract operations services
contracts could have a material impact on our business. 

 The termination of or a demand by our customer to reduce prices under certain of our contract operations services
contracts may lead to a reduction in our revenues and net income, which could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and may reduce
our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders. In addition, we may be unable to renew, or enter into new, contracts with customers on favorable commercial terms, if at all. To the extent we are
unable to renew our existing contracts or enter into new contracts on terms that are favorable to us or to successfully manage our overall contract mix over time, our business, results of operations
and cash flows may be adversely impacted. 

 28 

 Table of Contents 

From time to time, we are subject to various claims, litigation and other proceedings that could
ultimately be resolved against us, requiring material future cash payments or charges, which could impair our financial condition or results of operations. 

 The size, nature and complexity of our business make us susceptible to various claims, both in litigation and binding
arbitration proceedings. We are currently, and may in the future become, subject to various claims, which, if not resolved within amounts we have accrued, could have a material adverse effect on our
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Similarly, any claims, even if fully indemnified or insured, could negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public, and
make it more difficult for us to compete effectively or obtain adequate insurance in the future. 

We depend on particular suppliers and are vulnerable to product shortages and price increases. 

 Some of the components used in our products are obtained from a single source or a limited group of suppliers. Our
reliance on these suppliers involves several risks, including price increases, inferior component quality and a potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of required components in a timely
manner. We do not have long-term contracts with some of these sources, and the partial or complete loss of certain of these sources could have a negative impact on our results of operations and could
damage our customer relationships. Further, a significant increase
in the price of one or more of these components could have a negative impact on our results of operations. 

We face significant competitive pressures that may cause us to lose market share and harm our
financial performance. 

 Our businesses face intense competition and have low barriers to entry. Our competitors may be able to adapt more
quickly to technological changes within our industry and changes in economic and market conditions, more readily take advantage of acquisitions and other opportunities. Our ability to renew or replace
existing contract operations service contracts with our customers at rates sufficient to maintain current revenue and cash flows could be adversely affected by the activities of our competitors. If
our competitors substantially increase the resources they devote to the development and marketing of competitive products, equipment or services or substantially decrease the price at which they offer
their products, equipment or services, we may not be able to compete effectively. 

 In
addition, we could face significant competition from new entrants into the compression services and product sales businesses. Some of our existing competitors or new entrants may
expand or develop new compression units that would create additional competition for the products, equipment or services we provide to our customers. 

 We
also may not be able to take advantage of certain opportunities or make certain investments because of our debt levels and our other obligations. As a U.S.-domiciled company, we may
also face a higher corporate tax rate than our competitors that are domiciled in other jurisdictions. Any of these competitive pressures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Following the spin-off, we may face challenges as a result of being a smaller, less diversified
company than we were as part of Exterran Holdings prior to the spin-off.

 Following the spin-off, we will own the assets and liabilities associated with Exterran Holdings' international
services and global fabrication businesses. Because our business represents a subset of Exterran Holdings' business immediately prior to the spin-off, we will have access to a smaller pool of assets,
fewer personnel, less geographic diversity and less operational diversity, among other challenges, than we did as a part of Exterran Holdings. As a result, we may be unable to attract or retain
customers that prefer to contract with more diversified companies that are able to operate on a larger scale than us. Our inability to attract or retain such customers may negatively impact our
business and cause our financial condition and results of operations to suffer. In addition, as a smaller and less diversified company we may be more adversely impacted by changes in our business than
we would have been had we remained a part of Exterran Holdings.

 29 

 Table of Contents 

Our operations entail inherent risks that may result in substantial liability. We do not insure
against all potential losses and could be seriously harmed by unexpected liabilities. 

 Our operations entail inherent risks, including equipment defects, malfunctions and failures and natural disasters,
which could result in uncontrollable flows of natural gas or well fluids, fires and explosions. These risks may expose us, as an equipment operator and developer, to liability for personal injury,
wrongful death, property damage, pollution and other environmental damage. The insurance we carry against many of these risks may not be adequate to cover our claims or losses. In addition, we are
substantially self-insured for workers' compensation, employer's liability, property, auto liability, general liability and employee group health claims in view of the relatively high per-incident
deductibles we absorb under our insurance arrangements for these risks. Further, insurance covering the risks we expect to face or in the amounts we desire may not be available in the future or, if
available, the premiums may not be commercially justifiable. If we were to incur substantial liability and such damages were not covered by insurance or were in excess of policy limits, or if we were
to incur liability at a time when we are not able to obtain liability insurance, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 

Cyber-attacks or terrorism could affect our business. 

 We may be adversely affected by problems such as cyber-attacks, computer viruses or terrorism that may disrupt our
operations and harm our operating results. Our industry requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. Despite our implementation of
security measures, our technology systems are vulnerable to disability or failures due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism and other causes. If our information technology systems were to
fail and we were unable to recover in a timely way, we might be unable to fulfill critical business functions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

 In
addition, our assets may be targets of terrorist activities that could disrupt our ability to service our customers. We may be required by our regulators or by the future terrorist
threat environment to make investments in security that we cannot currently predict. The implementation of security guidelines and measures and maintenance of insurance, to the extent available,
addressing such activities could increase costs. These types of events could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, these types of events could require
significant management attention and resources, and could adversely affect our reputation among customers and the public. 

We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA,
similar worldwide anti-bribery laws and trade control laws. If we are found to have violated the FCPA or other legal requirements, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties and other remedial
measures, which could materially harm our reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

 Our international operations require us to comply with U.S. and international laws and regulations, including those
involving anti-bribery and anti-corruption. For example, the FCPA and similar laws and regulations prohibit improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or
gaining any business advantage. 

 We
operate in many parts of the world that experience high levels of corruption, and our business brings us in frequent contact with foreign officials. Our compliance policies and
programs mandate compliance with all applicable anti-corruption laws but may not be completely effective in ensuring our compliance. Our training and compliance program and our internal control
policies and procedures may not always protect us from violations committed by our employees or agents. Actual or alleged violations of these laws could disrupt our business and cause us to incur
significant legal expenses, and could result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. If we are found to be liable for FCPA
or other anti-bribery law violations due to our own acts or omissions or due to the acts or omissions of others (including our joint venture partners, agents or other third party representatives), we
could suffer from severe civil and criminal penalties or other sanctions, which could materially harm our reputation, business, results of operations financial condition and liquidity. Separately, we
may face competitive disadvantages if our competitors are able to secure business, licenses or other advantages by making payments or using other methods that are prohibited by U.S. and international
laws and regulations. 

 30 

 Table of Contents 

 We also are subject to other laws and regulations governing our operations, including regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury's Office of
Foreign Asset Control and various non-U.S. government entities, including applicable export control regulations, economic sanctions on countries and persons and customs requirements. Trade control
laws are complex and constantly changing. Our compliance policies and programs increase our cost of doing business and may not work effectively to ensure our compliance with trade control laws. If we
undergo an investigation of potential violations of trade control laws by U.S. or foreign authorities or if we fail to comply with these laws, we may incur significant legal expenses or be subject to
criminal and civil penalties and other sanctions and remedial measures, which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition and
liquidity. 

Tax legislation and administrative initiatives or challenges to our tax positions could adversely
affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

 We operate in locations throughout the United States and internationally and, as a result, we are subject to the tax laws and
regulations of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign governments. From time to time, various legislative or administrative initiatives may be proposed that could adversely affect our tax positions.
There can be no assurance that our tax provision or tax payments will not be adversely affected by these initiatives. In addition, international, U.S. federal, state
and local tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. There can be no assurance that our tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or
that we would be successful in any such challenge. 

U.S. federal, state and local legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic
fracturing as well as governmental reviews of such activities could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions or delays in the completion of oil and natural gas wells, and
adversely affect demand for our products and services. 

 Hydraulic fracturing is an important and common practice that is used to stimulate production of natural gas and/or oil, from dense
subsurface rock formations. Hydraulic fracturing involves the injection of water, sand or alternative proppant and chemicals under pressure into target geological formations to fracture the
surrounding rock and stimulate production. Hydraulic fracturing is typically regulated by state agencies, but recently, there has been increased public concern regarding an alleged potential for
hydraulic fracturing to adversely affect drinking water supplies, and proposals have been made to enact separate U.S. federal, state and local legislation that would increase the regulatory burden
imposed on hydraulic fracturing. 

 For example, at the U.S. federal level, the EPA issued an Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking to collect data on chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing operations under
Section 8 of the Toxic Substances Control Act, and to proposed regulations under the CWA governing wastewater discharges from hydraulic fracturing and certain other natural gas operations.
Also, the U.S. Department of the Interior released a final rule, that updates exiting regulation of hydraulic fracturing activities on U.S. federal lands, including requirements for chemical
disclosure, wellbore integrity and handling of flowback water. The final rule is effective on June 24, 2015 but the rule was recently stayed by a federal court and is currently subject to one
or more legal challenges that seek to block the implementation of the rule. In addition, several governmental reviews are underway that focus on environmental aspects of hydraulic fracturing
activities. In June 2015, the EPA released its draft report on the potential impacts of hydraulic fracturing on drinking water resources, which concluded that hydraulic fracturing activities have not
led to widespread, systemic impacts on drinking water sources in the United States, although there are above and below ground mechanisms by which hydraulic fracturing activities have the potential to
impact drinking water sources. The draft report is expected to be finalized after a public comment period and a formal review by EPA's Science Advisory Board. In

 31 

 Table of Contents 

addition, the White House Council on Environmental Quality is coordinating an administration-wide review of hydraulic fracturing practices. The results of this study or similar governmental reviews
could spur initiatives to further regulate hydraulic fracturing under the Safe Drinking Water Act of 1974 or otherwise.

 At
the state level, several states have adopted or are considering legal requirements that could impose more stringent permitting, disclosure, and well construction requirements on
hydraulic fracturing activities. For example in May 2013, the Texas Railroad Commission adopted new rules governing well casing, cementing and other standards for ensuring that hydraulic fracturing
operations do not contaminate nearby water resources. Local governments may also seek to adopt ordinances within their jurisdictions regulating the time, place and manner of, or prohibiting the
performance of, drilling activities in general or hydraulic fracturing activities in particular. If new or more stringent federal, state or local legal restrictions relating to the hydraulic
fracturing process are adopted in areas where our natural gas exploration and production customers operate, those customers could incur potentially significant added costs to comply with such
requirements, experience delays or curtailment in the pursuit of exploration, development or production activities and perhaps even be precluded from drilling wells. Any such restrictions could reduce
demand for our products and services, and as a result could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We are subject to a variety of governmental regulations; failure to comply with these regulations
may result in administrative, civil and criminal enforcement measures and changes in these regulations could increase our costs or liabilities. 

 We are subject to a variety of U.S. federal, state, local and international laws and regulations relating to, for example, export
controls, currency exchange, labor and employment and taxation. Many of these laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, are becoming increasingly stringent, and the cost of compliance with
these requirements can be expected to increase over time. From time to time, as part of our operations, including newly acquired operations, we may be subject to compliance audits by regulatory
authorities in the various countries in which we operate. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in a variety of administrative, civil and criminal enforcement measures,
including assessment of monetary penalties, imposition of remedial requirements and issuance of injunctions as to future compliance, any of which may have a negative impact on our financial condition,
profitability and results of operations. 

We are subject to a variety of environmental, health and safety regulations. Failure to comply with
these regulations may result in administrative, civil and criminal enforcement measures and changes in these regulations could increase our costs or liabilities. 

 We are subject to a variety of U.S. federal, state, local and international laws and regulations relating to the environment, and
worker health and safety. These laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, are becoming increasingly stringent, and the cost of compliance with these requirements can be expected to increase
over time. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in administrative, civil and criminal enforcement measures, including assessment of monetary penalties, imposition of remedial
requirements and issuance of
injunctions as to future compliance. Certain of these laws also may impose joint and several and strict liability for environmental contamination, which may render us liable for remediation costs,
natural resource damages and other damages as a result of our conduct that may have been lawful at the time it occurred or the conduct of, or conditions caused by, prior owners or operators or other
third parties. In addition, where contamination may be present, it is not uncommon for neighboring land owners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury, property damage and recovery
of response costs. Remediation costs and other damages arising as a result of environmental laws and regulations, and costs associated with 

 32 

 Table of Contents 

 new
information, changes in existing environmental laws and regulations or the adoption of new environmental laws and regulations could be substantial and could negatively impact our financial
condition, profitability and results of operations. 

 We
may need to apply for or amend facility permits or licenses from time to time with respect to storm water or wastewater discharges, waste handling, or air emissions relating to
manufacturing activities or equipment operations, which subjects us to new or revised permitting conditions. These permits and authorizations may contain numerous compliance requirements, including
monitoring and reporting obligations and operational restrictions, such as emission limits, which may be onerous or costly to comply with. In addition, certain of our customer service arrangements may
require us to operate, on behalf of a specific customer, petroleum storage units such as underground tanks or pipelines and other regulated units, all of which may impose additional compliance and
permitting obligations. Given the large number of facilities in which we operate, and the numerous environmental permits and other authorizations that are applicable to our operations, we may
occasionally identify or be notified of technical violations of certain requirements existing in various permits or other authorizations. Occasionally, we have been assessed penalties for our
non-compliance, and we could be subject to such penalties in the future. 

 The
modification or interpretation of existing environmental, health and safety laws or regulations, the more vigorous enforcement of existing laws or regulations, or the adoption of new
laws or regulations may also negatively impact oil and natural gas exploration and production, gathering and pipeline companies, including our customers, which in turn could have a negative impact on
us. 

Risks Relating to the Spin-Off 

We may not realize some or all of the benefits we expect to achieve from our separation from
Exterran Holdings.

 The expected benefits from our separation from Exterran Holdings include the
following: 

 &#149; focusing on profitable growth in strategic markets and positioning us and our shareholders to benefit from the continued build-out of
the global energy infrastructure and the redevelopment currently underway in North America; 
 &#149; in our international services businesses, relatively stable cash flows due to our exposure to the production phase of oil and gas
development, as compared to drilling and completion related energy service and product providers; 
 &#149; limited capital expenditures in our product sales business; 
 &#149; financial flexibility to enable investment in value-creating contract operations projects; and 

 &#149; expanding our potential product sales customer base to include companies in the U.S. contract compression business that have
historically been Exterran Holdings' competitors.

 We may not achieve the anticipated benefits from our separation for a variety of reasons. For example, we may be unsuccessful in executing our strategy of expanding our product sales
customer base to
include competitors of Archrock because these prospective customers may have long-standing relationships with existing providers of similar products or services. Moreover, the process of separating
our business from Exterran Holdings and operating as an independent public company may distract our management from focusing on our business and strategic priorities. In addition, we may not be able
to issue debt or equity on terms acceptable to us or at all. The availability of shares of our common stock for use as consideration for acquisitions also will not ensure that we will be able to
successfully pursue acquisitions or that any acquisitions will be successful. Moreover, even with equity compensation tied to our business we may not be able to attract and retain employees as
desired. We also may not fully realize the anticipated benefits from our separation if any of the matters identified as risks in this

 33 

 Table of Contents 

 "Risk
Factors" section were to occur. If we do not realize the anticipated benefits from our separation for any reason, our business may be materially adversely affected. 

The combined value of Archrock and Exterran Corporation shares after the spin-off may not equal or
exceed the value of Exterran Holdings shares prior to the spin-off.

 After the spin-off, Exterran Holdings, Inc. will change its name to "Archrock, Inc." and Archrock common stock will be listed and
traded on the NYSE under the symbol "AROC." We expect to list our common stock on the NYSE under the symbol "EXTN." We cannot assure you that the combined trading prices of Archrock common stock and
our common stock after the spin-off, as adjusted for any changes in the combined capitalization of these companies, will be equal to or greater than the trading price of Exterran Holdings common stock
prior to the spin-off. Until the market has fully evaluated the business of Archrock without the international services and product sales businesses, the price at which Archrock common stock trades
may fluctuate significantly. Similarly, until the market has fully evaluated our company, the price at which our common stock trades may fluctuate significantly.

A large number of our shares are or will be eligible for future sale, which may cause the market
price for our common stock to decline. 

 Upon completion of the spin-off, we expect that we will have an aggregate of
approximately shares of our common stock
outstanding, based on the number of shares of Exterran Holdings common stock expected to be outstanding as of the record date. All of those shares (other than those held by our "affiliates") will be
freely tradable without restriction or registration under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Shares held by our affiliates, which include our directors and executive officers, can be sold subject to volume, manner of sale and notice provisions under
Rule 144. We estimate that our directors and executive officers, who may be considered "affiliates" for purposes of Rule 144, will beneficially own approximately 300,000 shares of our
common stock immediately following the distribution. We are unable to predict whether large amounts of our common stock will be sold in the open market following the spin-off. We are also unable to
predict whether a sufficient number of buyers will be in the market at that time. In addition, other Exterran Holdings shareholders may sell the shares of our common stock they receive in the
distribution for various reasons. For example, such shareholders may not believe our business profile or level of market capitalization as an independent company fits their investment objectives. A
change in the level of analyst coverage following the spin-off could also negatively impact demand for our shares. The sale of significant amounts of our common stock or the perception in the market
that this will occur may lower the market price of our common stock.

Our historical combined and pro forma financial information may not be representative of the results
we would have achieved as a stand-alone public company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results. 

 The historical combined and pro forma financial information that we have included in this information statement has been derived from
Exterran Holdings' accounting records and may not necessarily reflect what our financial position, results of operations or cash flows would have been had we been an independent, stand-alone entity
during the periods presented or those that we will achieve in the future. Exterran Holdings did not account for us, and we were not operated, as a separate, stand-alone company for the historical
periods presented. The costs and expenses reflected in our historical financial information include an allocation for certain functions historically provided by Exterran Holdings, including expense
allocations for: (1) certain functions historically provided by Exterran Holdings, including, but not limited to finance, legal, risk management, tax, treasury, information technology, human
resources, and certain other shared services, (2) certain employee benefits and incentives and (3) share-based compensation, that may be different from the comparable

 34 

 Table of Contents 

expenses that we would have incurred had we operated as a stand-alone company. These expenses have been allocated to us on the basis of direct usage when identifiable, with the remainder allocated
based on estimated time spent by Exterran Holdings personnel, a pro-rata basis of revenues, headcount or other relevant measures of our business and Exterran Holdings and its subsidiaries. We have not
adjusted our historical combined financial information to reflect changes that will occur in our cost structure and operations as a result of our transition to becoming a stand-alone public company,
including increased costs associated with an independent board of directors, SEC reporting and the requirements of the NYSE. Therefore, our historical financial information may not necessarily be
indicative of what our financial position, results of operations or cash flows will be in the future. We based the pro forma adjustments on available information and assumptions we believe are
reasonable; however, our assumptions may prove not to be accurate. In addition, our unaudited pro forma
combined financial statements may not give effect to various ongoing additional costs we may incur in connection with being an independent public company. Accordingly, our unaudited pro forma combined
financial information does not reflect what our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows would have been as an independent public company and is not necessarily indicative of our
future financial condition or future results of operations. For additional information, please read "Selected Historical Combined Financial Data," "Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
Statements" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this information
statement.

Our costs will increase as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be
required to devote substantial time to complying with public company regulations. 

 We have historically operated our businesses as part of a public company. As a stand-alone public company, we will incur additional
legal, accounting, compliance and other expenses that we have not incurred historically. After the spin-off, we will become obligated to file with the SEC annual and quarterly information and other
reports that are specified in Section 13 and other sections of the Exchange Act. We will also be required to ensure that we have the ability to prepare financial statements that are fully
compliant with all SEC reporting requirements on a timely basis. In addition, we will also become subject to other reporting and corporate governance requirements, including certain requirements of
the NYSE, and certain provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ("Sarbanes-Oxley") and the regulations promulgated thereunder, which will impose significant compliance obligations upon us.

 We
are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure, and our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards in this regard are
likely to result in increased administrative expenses and a diversion of management's time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. These changes will require a
significant commitment of additional resources. We may not be successful in implementing these requirements and implementing them could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. In addition, if we fail to implement the requirements with respect to our internal accounting and audit functions, our ability to report our operating results on a timely and
accurate basis could be impaired. If we do not implement such requirements in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, we might be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities,
such as the SEC or the NYSE. Any such action could harm our reputation and the confidence of investors and customers in our company and could materially adversely affect our business and cause our
share price to fall. 

 35 

 Table of Contents 

Our accounting and other management systems and resources may not be adequately prepared to meet the
financial reporting and other requirements to which we will be subject following the spin-off and may strain our resources. 

 Our businesses have historically been operated as part of Exterran Holdings. Therefore, we have not been subject to separate reporting
requirements. Following the spin-off, we will utilize our own resources and personnel to meet reporting and other obligations under the Exchange Act, including the requirements of Section 404
of Sarbanes-Oxley, which will require, beginning with the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2016, annual management assessments of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and a report by our independent registered public accounting firm expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting. In addition, we will be required to file periodic reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act. These obligations will place significant demands on our management and
administrative and operational resources, including accounting resources.

 To
comply with these requirements, we anticipate that we may need to upgrade our systems, including information technology, implement additional financial and management controls,
reporting systems and procedures and hire additional accounting and finance staff. We expect to incur additional annual expenses related to these steps and, among other things, directors and officers
liability insurance, director fees, SEC reporting, transfer agent fees, increased auditing and legal fees and similar expenses, which expenses may be significant. If we are unable to upgrade our
financial and management controls, reporting systems, information technology and procedures in a timely and effective fashion, our ability to comply with our financial reporting requirements and other
rules that apply to reporting companies under the Exchange Act could be impaired. Any failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Following the spin-off, we and Archrock will be subject to certain noncompetition restrictions,
which may limit our ability to grow our business.

 In connection with the spin-off, we will enter into a separation and distribution agreement with Archrock that we expect will contain certain noncompetition provisions addressing
restrictions for a limited period of time after the spin-off on our ability to provide contract operations services in the United States and on Archrock's ability to provide contract operations
services outside of the United States and product sales to customers worldwide, subject to certain exceptions. These restrictions limit our ability to attract new contract operations customers in the
U.S., which will limit our ability to grow our business.

 In addition, if we are unable to enforce the limitations on Archrock's ability to provide certain contract operations and fabrication services, we may lose prospective customers to
Archrock, which could cause our results of operations and cash flows to suffer.

Following the spin-off, we and Archrock will provide one another with certain services under the
transition services agreement that may require us to divert resources from our business, which in turn may negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

 In connection with the completion of the spin-off, we and Archrock will enter into a transition services agreement under which each
party will compensate the other for the provision of various administrative services and assets to such other party for specified periods beginning on the distribution date. The personnel performing
services for Archrock under the transition services agreement will be employees and/or independent contractors of ours. In the course of performing our obligations under the transition services
agreements, we will allocate certain of our resources, including assets, facilities, equipment and the time and attention of our management and personnel for the benefit of Archrock's

 36 

 Table of Contents 

business and not ours, which may negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Please read "Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-Off&#151;Agreements
Between Archrock and Us&#151;Transition Services Agreement."

Following the spin-off, Archrock will provide installation, start-up, commissioning and other
services to us or our customers on our behalf.

 Historically, we have had access to field technicians employed by Exterran Holdings to perform the installation and other services we
require. We will, in certain cases, rely on some of Archrock's technicians to provide installation, start-up, commissioning and other services to us or our customers on our behalf pursuant to the
services agreement we will enter into with Archrock on arm's length terms in connection with the spin-off. If Archrock is unable satisfy its obligations to us or on our behalf under our commercial
agreements with our customers for any reason, we may be unable to provide services required by our customers who purchase our products and therefore our sales and revenues may decline and our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, should the services provided by Archrock not meet our standards or the standards of our customers, we
may be subject to claims by our customers relating to damages incurred in connection with any such substandard performance. These claims could cause increased expenses and harm our reputation, which
could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we expect to provide certain engineering, start-up, commissioning, preservation and other services
to Archrock or its customers on behalf of Archrock pursuant to a reciprocal services agreement we will enter into with Archrock. The provision of such services under this reciprocal services agreement
will require us to allocate certain of our resources, including assets, facilities, equipment and the time and attention of our management and personnel for the benefit of Archrock's business and not
ours, which may negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Please read "Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-Off&#151;Agreements Between Archrock and
Us&#151;Services Agreements."

Following the spin-off, we will provide Archrock and Archrock Partners with certain fabricated
products, including compressors, and we will depend on Archrock and Archrock Partners for a significant amount of our product sales revenues.

 After completion of the spin-off, Archrock and Archrock Partners will initially be among our largest customers and are expected to
generate significant product sales revenues for us. Therefore, we will be indirectly subject to the operational and business risks of Archrock and Archrock Partners. If either Archrock or Archrock
Partners is unable to satisfy its obligations or reduces its demand under our commercial agreements for any reason, our revenues would decline and our financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows could be adversely affected. Further, we have no control over Archrock or Archrock Partners, and either Archrock or Archrock Partners may elect to pursue a business strategy that does not
favor us or our business.

Several members of our board and management may have conflicts of interest because of their
ownership of shares of common stock of or other equity interests in Exterran Holdings.

 Following the spin-off, several members of our board and management will continue to own shares of common stock of Archrock and/or hold
equity awards covering shares of common stock of Archrock because of their prior relationships with Exterran Holdings. This share and equity award ownership could create, or appear to create,
potential conflicts of interest when our directors and executive officers are faced with decisions that could have different implications for our company and Archrock. Please read "Management."

 37 

 Table of Contents 

We may increase our debt or raise additional capital in the future, which could affect our financial
condition, may decrease our profitability or could dilute our shareholders. 

 We may increase our debt or raise additional capital in the future, subject to restrictions in our debt agreements. If our cash flow
from operations is less than we anticipate, or if our cash requirements are more than we expect, we may require more financing. However, debt or equity financing may not be available to us on terms
acceptable to us, if at all. If we incur additional debt or raise equity through the issuance of preferred stock, the terms of the debt or preferred stock issued may give the holders rights,
preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock, particularly in the event of liquidation. The terms of the debt may also impose additional and more stringent restrictions on
our operations than we currently have. If we raise funds through the issuance of additional equity, your ownership in us would be diluted. If we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, it
could affect our financial health, which could negatively affect your investment in us. 

We will be subject to continuing contingent tax liabilities of Exterran Holdings following the
spin-off.

 After the spin-off, certain tax liabilities of Exterran Holdings may become our obligations. Under the Code and the related rules and
regulations, each corporation that was a member of the Exterran Holdings consolidated United States federal income tax reporting group during any taxable period or portion of any taxable period ending
on or before the effective time of the distribution is jointly and severally liable for the United States federal income tax liability of the entire Exterran Holdings consolidated tax reporting group
for that taxable period. In connection with the spin-off, we intend to enter into a tax matters agreement with Archrock that will allocate the responsibility for prior period taxes of the Exterran
Holdings consolidated tax reporting group between us and Archrock. See "Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-Off&#151;Agreements Between Archrock and Us&#151;Tax Matters Agreement."
If Archrock is unable to pay any prior period taxes for which it is responsible, we could be required to pay the entire amount of such taxes.

The tax treatment of the distribution is subject to uncertainty. If the distribution does not
qualify as a transaction that is tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we, Archrock and our shareholders could be subject to significant tax liability and, in certain circumstances, we could
be required to indemnify Archrock for material taxes pursuant to indemnification obligations under the tax matters agreement.

 If the internal distribution and/or the distribution is determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then we,
Archrock and/or our shareholders could be
subject to significant tax liability. Exterran Holdings expects to obtain an opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP substantially to the effect that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
(i) the internal distribution should qualify as a reorganization under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, and (ii) the distribution should qualify as a reorganization
under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, subject to certain qualifications and limitations. Accordingly, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Exterran Holdings should not recognize any
material gain or loss and you generally should recognize no gain or loss or include any amount in taxable income (other than with respect to cash received in lieu of fractional shares) as a result of
the spin-off.

 An opinion that the internal distribution and the distribution "should" each qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code expresses
a level of comfort that is stronger than "more likely than not" but less than "will." Counsel is unable to provide a higher degree of certainty because there is no administrative or judicial authority
that directly addresses facts similar to those of this transaction. Nonetheless, counsel believes that its opinion is justified based on the existing authorities. In addition, notwithstanding the
opinion, the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") could determine on audit that the spin-off should be treated as a taxable transaction if it determines that any of the facts, assumptions,
representations or undertakings we or Exterran Holdings has made is not correct or has been violated, or that the spin-off should be taxable for other reasons,

 38 

 Table of Contents 

including as a result of a significant change in stock or asset ownership after the distribution. If the distribution ultimately is determined to be taxable, the distribution could be treated as a
taxable dividend or capital gain to you for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and you could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. In addition, Archrock would recognize gain in an
amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of shares of our common stock distributed to Exterran Holdings shareholders on the distribution date over Exterran Holdings' tax basis in such
shares of our common stock. Moreover, Archrock could incur significant United States federal income tax liabilities if it is ultimately determined that the internal distribution is taxable.

 Under the terms of the tax matters agreement that we intend to enter into with Archrock in connection with the distribution, if the distribution were determined to be taxable, we may be
responsible for all taxes imposed on Archrock as a result thereof if such determination was the result of actions taken after the distribution by or in respect of us, any of our affiliates or our
shareholders and we may be responsible for 50% of such taxes imposed on Archrock as a result thereof if such determination was not the result of actions taken by us or Archrock. Our obligations under
the tax matters agreement are not limited in amount or subject to any cap. Further, even if we are not responsible for tax liabilities of Archrock and its subsidiaries under the tax matters agreement,
we nonetheless could be liable under applicable tax law for such liabilities if Archrock were to fail to pay them. If we are required to pay any liabilities under the circumstances set forth in the
tax matters agreement or pursuant to applicable tax law, the amounts may be significant. For a more detailed discussion, see "Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-Off&#151;Agreements
Between Archrock and Us&#151;Tax Matters Agreement."

We might not be able to engage in desirable strategic transactions and equity issuances following
the distribution because of certain restrictions relating to requirements for tax-free distributions. 

 Our ability to engage in significant equity transactions could be limited or restricted after the distribution in order to preserve,
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the tax-free nature of the distribution. Even if the distribution otherwise qualifies for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code, it may result
in corporate-level taxable gain to Exterran Holdings under Section 355(e) of the Code if there is a 50% or greater change in ownership, by vote or value, of shares of our stock, Exterran
Holdings' stock or the stock of a successor of either occurring as part of a plan or series of related transactions that includes the distribution. Any acquisitions or issuances of our stock or
Archrock's stock within two years after the distribution are generally presumed to be part of such a plan, although we or Archrock may be able to rebut that presumption.

 Under the tax matters agreement that we intend to enter into with Archrock, we will be prohibited from taking or failing to take any action that prevents the distribution from being
tax-free. Further, during the two-year period following the distribution, without obtaining the consent of Archrock, a private letter ruling from the IRS or an unqualified opinion of a nationally
recognized law firm, we may be prohibited from taking certain specified actions that could impact the treatment of the distribution.

 These restrictions may limit our ability to pursue strategic transactions or engage in new business or other transactions that may maximize the value of our business. Moreover, the tax
matters agreement also may provide that we are responsible for any taxes imposed on Exterran Holdings or any of its affiliates as a result of the failure of the distribution to qualify for favorable
treatment under the Code if such failure is attributable to certain actions taken after the distribution by or in respect of us, any of our affiliates or our shareholders. See "The
Spin-Off&#151;Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off."

 39 

 Table of Contents 

Our prior and continuing relationship with Archrock exposes us to risks attributable to businesses
of Archrock.

 Archrock is obligated to indemnify us for losses that third parties may seek to impose upon us or our affiliates for liabilities
relating to the business of Archrock that are
incurred through a breach of the separation and distribution agreement or any ancillary agreement by Archrock or its affiliates other than us, or losses that are attributable to Archrock in connection
with the spin-off or are not expressly assumed by us under our agreements with Archrock. Immediately following the spin-off, any claims made against us that are properly attributable to Archrock in
accordance with these arrangements would require us to exercise our rights under our agreements with Archrock to obtain payment from Archrock. We are exposed to the risk that, in these circumstances,
Archrock cannot, or will not, make the required payment.

In connection with our separation from Exterran Holdings, Archrock will indemnify us for certain
liabilities, and we will indemnify Archrock for certain liabilities. If we are required to act on these indemnities to Archrock, we may need to divert cash to meet those obligations, and our financial
results could be negatively impacted. In the case of Archrock's indemnity, there can be no assurance that the indemnity will be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of such liabilities, or
as to Archrock's ability to satisfy its indemnification obligations or its contingent obligation to pay us for certain amounts owed to us by PDVSA Gas.

 Pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement and other agreements with Archrock, Archrock will agree to indemnify us for certain liabilities, and we will agree to indemnify
Archrock for certain liabilities, in each case for uncapped amounts, as discussed further in "Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-Off&#151;Agreements Between Archrock and Us." Also
pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement, we will agree to use our commercially reasonable efforts to remove Archrock as a party to certain of our contracts with third parties, which may
result in a renegotiation of such contracts on terms that are less favorable to us. In the event that Archrock remains as a party, we expect to indemnify Archrock for any liabilities relating to such
contracts. Indemnities that we may be required to provide Archrock will not be subject to any cap, may be significant and could negatively impact our business, particularly indemnities relating to our
actions that could impact the tax-free nature of the distribution.

 With respect to Archrock's, agreement to indemnify us, there can be no assurance that the indemnity from Archrock will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such
liabilities, or that Archrock will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. Moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from Archrock any amounts for which we are held
liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses ourselves. Similarly, Archrock may fail to pay us amounts due under its contingent obligation to pay us for certain amounts PDVSA Gas owes
to us, as described in "Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-Off&#151;Separation and Distribution Agreement." Each of these risks could negatively affect our business, cash flows, results
of operations and financial condition.

The spin-off may expose us to potential liabilities arising out of state and federal fraudulent
conveyance laws and legal dividend requirements. 

 The spin-off is subject to review under various state and federal fraudulent conveyance laws. Under these laws, if a court in a lawsuit
by an unpaid creditor or an entity vested with the power of such creditor (including without limitation a trustee or debtor-in-possession in a bankruptcy by us or Archrock or any of our respective
subsidiaries) were to determine that Archrock or any of its subsidiaries did not receive fair consideration or reasonably equivalent value for distributing our common stock or taking other action as
part of the spin-off, or that we or any of our subsidiaries did not receive fair consideration or reasonably equivalent value for incurring indebtedness, including the new debt incurred by us in
connection with the spin-off, transferring assets or taking other action as

 40 

 Table of Contents 

part of the spin-off and, at the time of such action, we, Archrock or any of our respective subsidiaries (i) was insolvent or would be rendered insolvent, (ii) lacked reasonably
sufficient capital to carry on its business and all business in which it intended to engage or (iii) intended to incur, or believed it would incur, debts beyond its ability to repay such debts
as they would mature, then such court could void the spin-off as a constructive fraudulent transfer. If such court made this determination, the court could impose a number of different remedies,
including without limitation, voiding our liens and claims against Archrock, or providing Archrock with a claim for money damages against us in an amount equal to the difference between the
consideration received by Archrock and the fair market value of our company at the time of the spin-off.

 The measure of insolvency for purposes of the fraudulent conveyance laws will vary depending on which jurisdiction's law is applied. Generally, however, an entity would be considered
insolvent if the present fair saleable value of its assets is less than (i) the amount of its liabilities (including contingent liabilities) or (ii) the amount that will be required to
pay its probable liabilities on its existing debts as they become absolute and mature. No assurance can be given as to what standard a court would apply to determine insolvency or that a court would
determine that we, Archrock or any of our respective subsidiaries were solvent at the time of or after giving effect to the spin-off, including the distribution of our common stock.

 Under the separation and distribution agreement, from and after the spin-off, each of Archrock and we will be responsible for the debts, liabilities and other obligations related to the
business or businesses which it owns and operates following the consummation of the spin-off. Although we do not expect to be liable for any such obligations not expressly assumed by us pursuant to
the separation and distribution agreement, it is possible that a court would disregard the allocation agreed to between the parties, and require that we assume responsibility for obligations allocated
to Archrock, particularly if
Archrock were to refuse or were unable to pay or perform the subject allocated obligations. Please read "Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-Off&#151;Agreements Between Archrock and
Us&#151;Separation and Distribution Agreement."

Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

No market currently exists for our common stock. We cannot assure you that an active trading market
will develop for our common stock. 

 Prior to the completion of the spin-off, there has been no public market for shares of our common stock. We cannot predict the extent
to which investor interest in our company will lead to the development of a trading market on the NYSE or otherwise, or how liquid that market might become. If an active market does not develop, you
may have difficulty selling any shares of our common stock that you receive in the spin-off. 

The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be volatile and you may not be able to
resell your shares at or above the initial market price of our common stock following the spin-off. 

 The market price of our stock may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including those described above
in "&#151;Risks Relating to Our Business" and the following: 

 &#149; the failure of securities analysts to cover our common stock after the spin-off or changes in financial estimates by analysts; 
 &#149; the inability to meet the financial estimates of analysts who follow our common stock; 
 &#149; strategic actions by us or our competitors; 
 &#149; announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, joint marketing relationships, joint ventures or
capital commitments; 
 
 41 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; variations in our quarterly operating results and those of our competitors; 
 &#149; general economic and stock market conditions; 
 &#149; risks relating to our business and our industry, including those discussed above; 
 &#149; changes in conditions or trends in our industry, markets or customers; 
 &#149; cyber-attacks or terrorist acts; 
 &#149; future sales of our common stock or other securities; and 
 &#149; investor perceptions of the investment opportunity associated with our common stock relative to other investment alternatives. 

 As a result of these factors, holders of our common stock may not be able to resell their shares at or above the initial market price following the spin-off or may not be able to resell
them at all. These broad market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater
if the public float and trading volume of our common stock is low. For these reasons, investors should not rely on recent trends in the price of Exterran Holdings' common stock to predict the future
price of our common stock or our financial results.

The trading market for our common stock and our stock price will be influenced from coverage by, and
the recommendations of, securities or industry analysts, and unfavorable or insufficient coverage could cause our stock price to decline. 

 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish
about us or our business. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn
could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. In addition, if we fail to meet the expectations of these analysts or if one or more of these analysts change their recommendations regarding
our stock or our business, our stock price may decline. 

Although Exterran Holdings has paid dividends on its common stock in the past, we cannot assure you
that we will pay dividends on our common stock, and our indebtedness could limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock.

 We do not currently anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock. The declaration and amount of future dividends to holders of
our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements of our business, covenants
associated with certain debt obligations, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice and other factors the board of directors deems relevant. In addition, our ability to pay
dividends on our common stock may be limited by covenants in our debt agreements. Further, any payment of dividends may reduce amounts Archrock may pay us in respect of its contingent payment
obligation relating to the installment payments PDVSA Gas owes us for our previously nationalized assets. Future agreements may also limit our ability to pay dividends, and we may incur incremental
taxes in the U.S. if we repatriate foreign earnings to pay such dividends. Please read "Dividend Policy," "Description of Material Indebtedness." "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations&#151;Income Taxes" and "Risk Factors&#151;Risks Relating to Our Business&#151;We are due to receive a substantial amount in installment
payments from the purchaser of our previously nationalized Venezuelan assets, the nonpayment of which would reduce the anticipated amount of funds available to us to repay our indebtedness and for
general corporate purposes." We cannot provide assurance that we will declare or pay dividends in any particular

 42 

 Table of Contents 

 amounts
or at all in the future. A decision not to pay dividends or a reduction in our dividend payments in the future could have a negative effect on our stock price. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to choose the judicial
forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternate
forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any
director, officer or other employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, in each case, as
amended from time to time, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, in all cases subject to the
court's having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock is deemed to
have received notice of and consented to the foregoing provision. This forum selection provision may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable or
cost-effective for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. 

 43 

 Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 Certain statements contained in this information statement constitute forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future
events or our future performance. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this information statement may be and include, without limitation, statements regarding our
business growth strategy and projected costs; future financial position; the sufficiency of available cash flows to fund continuing operations; the expected amount of our capital expenditures;
anticipated cost savings, future revenue, gross margin and other financial or operational measures related to our business and our primary business segments; the future value of our equipment; and
plans and objectives of our management for our future operations. You can identify many of these statements by looking for words such as "believe," "expect," "intend," "project," "anticipate,"
"estimate," "will continue" or similar words or the negative thereof. 

 Such
forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated as of the date of this
information statement. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, no assurance can be given that these expectations
will prove to be correct.
Known material factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements include the factors discussed in "Risk Factors"
included elsewhere in this information statement, as well as the following risks and uncertainties: 

 &#149; conditions in the oil and natural gas industry, including a sustained decrease in the level of supply or demand for oil or natural gas
or a sustained decrease in the price of oil or natural gas, which could cause a decline in the demand for our natural gas compression and oil and natural gas production and processing equipment and
services; 
 &#149; our reduced profit margins or the loss of market share resulting from competition or the introduction of competing technologies by
other companies; 

 &#149; our reliance on Archrock for a significant amount of our product sales revenues and our ability to secure new product sales customers; 

 &#149; changes in economic or political conditions in the countries in which we do business, including civil uprisings, riots, terrorism,
kidnappings, violence associated with drug cartels, legislative changes and the expropriation, confiscation or nationalization of property without fair compensation; 
 &#149; changes in currency exchange rates, including the risk of currency devaluations by foreign governments, and restrictions on currency
repatriation; 
 &#149; the inherent risks associated with our operations, such as equipment defects, malfunctions and natural disasters; 
 &#149; the risk that counterparties will not perform their obligations under our financial instruments; 
 &#149; the financial condition of our customers; 
 &#149; our ability to timely and cost-effectively obtain components necessary to conduct our business; 
 &#149; employment and workforce factors, including our ability to hire, train and retain key employees; 
 &#149; our ability to implement certain business and financial objectives, such as: 

 &#149; winning profitable new business; 
 &#149; timely and cost-effective execution of projects; 
 &#149; enhancing our asset utilization, particularly with respect to our fleet of compressors; 
 &#149; integrating acquired businesses; 
 &#149; generating sufficient cash; and 
 &#149; accessing the capital markets at an acceptable cost; 
 
 &#149; liability related to the use of our products and services; 
 &#149; changes in governmental safety, health, environmental and other regulations, which could require us to make significant expenditures;
and 
 &#149; our level of indebtedness and ability to fund our business. 

 All forward-looking statements included in this information statement are based on information available to us on the date of this report. Neither we or Archrock undertake any obligation
to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable
to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained throughout this report.

 44 

 Table of Contents 

 THE SPIN-OFF 

General 

 The board of directors of Exterran Holdings regularly reviews the various operations conducted by Exterran Holdings to ensure that
resources are deployed and activities are pursued in the best interest of its shareholders. On November 17, 2014, Exterran Holdings announced that its board of directors had approved in
principle a plan involving the pro rata distribution of all of our shares of common stock to Exterran Holdings' shareholders in a distribution intended to be tax-free to us and such shareholders for
U.S. federal income tax purposes (other than with respect to any cash received in lieu of fractional shares). The spin-off is subject to, among other things, final approval by the Exterran Holdings
board of directors and the conditions described below under "&#151;Spin-Off Conditions and Termination." In connection with the spin-off, Exterran Holdings, Inc. will change its name to
"Archrock, Inc." and will trade on the NYSE under the symbol "AROC."

 We are currently a wholly owned subsidiary of Exterran Holdings. Following the completion of the spin-off, we expect to own the assets and are obligated on the liabilities comprising
Exterran Holdings' international services and product sales businesses.

 Exterran Holdings will accomplish our separation through a pro rata distribution of 100% of our outstanding common stock to Exterran Holdings' shareholders, which we refer to as the
distribution, on , 2015, the distribution date. As a result of the spin-off, each holder of Exterran
Holdings common stock as of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on
 , 2015, the record date, will be entitled to: 

 &#149; receive one share of our common stock for every two shares of Exterran Holdings common stock owned by such holder; and 

 &#149; retain such holder's shares of Archrock common stock.

 Exterran Holdings shareholders will not be required to pay for shares of our common stock received in the spin-off or to surrender or exchange shares of Exterran
Holdings common stock in order to receive our common stock or to take any other action in connection with the spin-off. No vote of Exterran Holdings shareholders will be required or sought in
connection with the spin-off, and Exterran Holdings shareholders will have no appraisal rights in connection with the spin-off.

Reasons for the Spin-Off 

 Exterran Holdings' board and management team believe that there are significant expected benefits to the simplified, separate companies
resulting from this transaction, including: 

 &#149; with respect to Archrock:

 &#149; a focus on growing the U.S. services businesses, including organic growth, third party acquisitions and sales by Archrock
of additional U.S. contract operations assets over time to Archrock Partners;

 &#149; relatively stable cash flows and a focus on its fee-based natural gas contract compression business; 

 &#149; lower debt and capital requirements, allowing Archrock to return a high percentage of cash flow to shareholders in the
form of a dividend;

 &#149; a pure-play yield investment opportunity with significant exposure to the U.S. energy infrastructure redevelopment; 
 &#149; opportunities to pursue acquisitions with potentially more highly valued equity currency; 

 45 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; a narrowing of industry focus that may potentially provide more extensive and more specialized equity research coverage;
and 
 &#149; the ability to be valued on a dividend yield basis, consistent with other publicly traded general partners, unlocking
value for shareholders. 

 &#149; with respect to us: 

 &#149; a focus on profitable growth in strategic markets and positioning us and our shareholders to benefit from the continued
build-out of the global energy infrastructure and the redevelopment currently underway in the U.S.; 
 &#149; in our international services businesses relatively stable cash flows due to our exposure to the production phase of oil
and gas development, as compared to drilling and completion related energy service and product providers; 
 &#149; limited capital expenditures in our product sales business; 
 &#149; financial flexibility to enable investment in value-creating contract operations projects; and 

 &#149; the opportunity to expand our potential product sales customer base to include companies in the U.S. contract compression
business that have historically been Exterran Holdings' competitors.

Results of the Spin-Off 

 After the spin-off, we will be an independent public company. Immediately following the spin-off, we expect that approximately
 million shares of our common stock will be issued and outstanding, based on the number of shares of Exterran Holdings common stock outstanding
on , 2015. The
actual number of shares of our common stock to be distributed will be determined based on the number of shares of Exterran Holdings common stock outstanding as of the record date. We also expect to
have approximately shareholders of record, based on the number of shareholders of record of Exterran Holdings common stock
on , 2015.

 We and Archrock will enter into a number of agreements that govern the spin-off and our future relationship. For a more detailed description of these agreements, please read
"Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-Off&#151;Agreements Between Archrock and Us."

 You will not be required to make any payment for the shares of our common stock you receive, nor will you be required to surrender or exchange your shares of Exterran Holdings common
stock or take any other action in order to receive the shares of our common stock to which you are entitled. The spin-off will not affect the number of outstanding shares of Exterran Holdings common
stock or any
rights of Exterran Holdings shareholders, although it will affect the market value of the outstanding Archrock common stock.

Manner of Effecting the Spin-Off 

 The general terms and conditions relating to the spin-off will be set forth in a separation and distribution agreement between Archrock
and us. For a description of the expected terms of that agreement, please read "Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-Off&#151;Agreements Between Archrock and Us&#151;Separation and
Distribution Agreement." Under the separation and distribution agreement, the spin-off will be effective on the distribution date. As a result of the spin-off, each Exterran Holdings shareholder will
be entitled to receive one share of our common stock for every two shares of Exterran Holdings common stock owned on the record date. As discussed under "&#151;Trading of Exterran Holdings
Common Stock After the Record Date and Prior to the Distribution," if a holder of record of Exterran Holdings common stock sells those shares in the "regular way" market after the

 46 

 Table of Contents 

record date and on or prior to the distribution date, that shareholder also will be selling the right to receive shares of our common stock in the spin-off. The distribution will be made in book-entry
form. For registered Exterran Holdings shareholders, our transfer agent will credit their shares of our common stock to book-entry accounts established to hold their shares of our common stock.
Book-entry refers to a method of recording stock ownership in our records in which no physical certificates are issued. For shareholders who own Exterran Holdings common stock through a bank or
brokerage firm, their shares of our common stock will be credited to their accounts by the bank or broker. Please read "&#151;When and How You Will Receive Exterran Corporation Shares" below.
Each share of our common stock that is distributed will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Holders of shares of our common stock will not be entitled to preemptive rights. Please read
"Description of Capital Stock."

When and How You Will Receive Exterran Corporation Shares 

 On the distribution date, Exterran Holdings will release million shares of our common stock for distribution by
American Stock Transfer & Trust Co., LLC, the distribution agent.
The distribution agent will cause the shares of our common stock to which you are entitled to be registered in your name or in the "street name" of your bank or brokerage firm.

 "Street Name" Holders. Many Exterran Holdings shareholders hold Exterran Holdings common stock through an account with a bank or brokerage
firm. If
this applies to you, that bank or brokerage firm is the registered holder that holds the shares on your behalf. For shareholders who hold their shares of Exterran Holdings common stock in an account
with a bank or brokerage firm, our common stock distributed to you will be registered in the "street name" of your bank or broker, who in turn will electronically credit your account with the shares
of our common stock that you are entitled to receive in the spin-off. We anticipate that banks and brokers will generally credit their customers' accounts with our common stock on or shortly after the
distribution date. We encourage you to contact your bank or broker if you have any questions regarding the mechanics of having shares of our common stock credited to your account.

 Registered Holders. If you are the registered holder of shares of Exterran Holdings common stock and hold your shares of Exterran Holdings
common
stock either in physical form or in book-entry form, the shares of our common stock distributed to you will be registered in your name and you will become the holder of record of that number of shares
of our common stock. Our distribution agent will send you a statement reflecting your ownership of our common stock.

 Exterran Corporation Direct Registration System. As part of the spin-off, we will be adopting a direct registration system for
book-entry share
registration and transfer of our common stock. The shares of our common stock to be distributed in the spin-off will be distributed as uncertificated shares registered in book-entry form through the
direct registration system. No certificates representing your shares will be mailed to you in connection with the spin-off. Under the direct registration system, instead of receiving stock
certificates, you will receive a statement reflecting your ownership interest in our shares. Following the spin-off, however, holders of record may request physical stock certificates. Contact
information for our transfer agent and registrar is provided under "Questions and Answers About the Spin-Off." The distribution agent will begin mailing book-entry account statements reflecting your
ownership of shares promptly after the distribution date. You can obtain more information regarding the direct registration system by contacting our transfer agent and registrar. 

Treatment of Fractional Shares 

 The transfer agent will not deliver any fractional shares of our common stock in connection with the spin-off. Instead, the transfer
agent will aggregate all fractional shares and sell them on behalf of those holders who otherwise would be entitled to receive a fractional share. We anticipate that these 

 47 

 Table of Contents 

sales will occur as soon as practicable after the distribution date. Those holders will then receive a cash payment in the form of a check in an amount equal to their pro rata share of the total net
proceeds of those sales. If you physically hold Exterran Holdings stock certificates, your check for any cash that you may be entitled to receive instead of fractional shares of our common stock will
be mailed to you separately. We expect that checks will generally be distributed to shareholders within one to two weeks after the distribution date. Broker selling expenses in connection with these
sales will be paid by Exterran Holdings.

 It
is expected that all fractional shares held in street name will be aggregated and sold by brokers or other nominees according to their standard procedures. You should contact your
broker or other nominee for additional details. 

 None of Exterran Holdings, our company or the transfer agent will guarantee any minimum sale price for the fractional shares of our common stock. Neither we nor Exterran Holdings will
pay any interest on the proceeds from the sale of fractional shares. The receipt of cash in lieu of fractional shares will generally be taxable to the recipient shareholders. Please read
"&#151;Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off."

Market for Our Common Stock 

 There is currently no public market for our common stock. A condition to the spin-off is the listing of our common stock on the NYSE.
We expect to list our common stock on the NYSE under the symbol "EXTN." We anticipate that trading of our common stock will commence
on a when-issued basis on or shortly before the record date. When-issued trading refers to a sale or purchase made conditionally because the security has been authorized but not yet issued. On the
first trading day following the distribution date, when-issued trading with respect to our common stock will end and regular way trading will begin. Regular way trading refers to trading after a
security has been issued and typically involves a transaction that settles on the third full business day following the date of the transaction. Neither we nor Exterran Holdings can assure you as to
the trading price of our common stock after the spin-off or as to whether the trading price of a share of Archrock common stock after the spin-off plus half of the trading price of a share of our
common stock will equal or exceed the trading price of a share of Exterran Holdings common stock before the spin-off. The trading price of our common stock is likely to fluctuate significantly,
particularly until an orderly market develops. See "Risk Factors&#151;Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock." In addition, we cannot predict any change that may occur in the trading
price or volume of Archrock's common stock as a result of the spin-off.

Trading of Exterran Holdings Common Stock After the Record Date and Prior to the Distribution

 Beginning on or shortly before the record date and through the distribution date, there will be two concurrent markets in which to
trade Exterran Holdings common stock: a regular way market and an ex-distribution market. Shares of Exterran Holdings common stock that trade in the regular way market will trade with an entitlement
to shares of our common stock distributed in connection with the spin-off. Shares that trade in the ex-distribution market will trade without an entitlement to shares of our common stock distributed
in connection with the spin-off. Therefore, if you owned shares of Exterran Holdings common stock at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the record date and sell those shares in the
regular way market on or prior to the distribution date, you also will be selling your right to receive the shares of our common stock that would have been distributed to you in connection with the
spin-off. If you sell those shares of Exterran Holdings common stock in the ex-distribution market prior to or on the distribution date, you will still receive the shares of our common stock that were
to be distributed to you in connection with the spin-off as a result of your ownership of the shares of Exterran Holdings common stock.

 48 

 Table of Contents 

 We expect to have approximately million shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after the spin-off, based upon the number of shares of
Exterran Holdings
common stock outstanding on , 2015. The shares of our common stock distributed to Exterran Holdings
shareholders will be freely transferable, except for shares received by persons who
may be deemed to be our "affiliates" under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and except for shares issued as restricted stock under our incentive plan. Persons who may be
deemed to be our affiliates after the spin-off generally include individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with us, and may include some or all of our
directors and executive officers. Our affiliates will be
permitted to sell their shares of our common stock only pursuant to an effective Registration Statement under the Securities Act or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act, such as the exemption afforded by Rule 144.

Treatment of Stock-Based Awards 

Treatment of Exterran Holdings Stock Options

 Options to purchase common stock of Exterran Holdings ("Archrock Options") will generally be adjusted as described below based on
(i) the date on which the Archrock Option was granted and (ii) whether the optionholder will be employed or engaged by Archrock or Exterran Corporation (or their respective affiliates)
following the distribution. References to "Archrock" in this section mean Exterran Holdings prior to the spin-off.

Archrock Options Granted Prior to 2015

 Each Archrock Option that was granted prior to calendar year 2015 and that is outstanding as of the distribution date, whether vested
or unvested, will be adjusted through conversion into an adjusted Archrock Option and an option to purchase shares of Exterran Corporation common stock (an "Exterran Corporation Option"). The number
of shares of Exterran Corporation common stock and Archrock common stock subject to the new Exterran Corporation Option and the adjusted Archrock Option, respectively, as well as the exercise prices
applicable to these options, will be determined based on the value of Exterran Corporation's common stock on the when-issued market and Archrock's common stock on the ex-dividend market, in each case,
relative to the value of Archrock's common stock on the NYSE, based on their respective closing prices on the distribution date. Specifically, (i) the number of shares of common stock subject
to each adjusted option will equal (a) the number of Archrock shares of common stock subject to the Archrock Option immediately prior to the adjustment multiplied by (b) a fraction, the
numerator of which equals the value of the Archrock common stock (based on its closing price on the NYSE on the distribution date) and the denominator of which equals (x) the value of Exterran
Corporation's common stock (based on its closing price on the when-issued market on the distribution date) or (y) the value of Archrock's common stock (based on its closing price on the
ex-dividend market on the distribution date), as
applicable, (such fraction, the "Conversion Ratio"), and further multiplied by (c) a fraction, the numerator of which equals (x) the value of Archrock's common stock (based on its
closing price on the ex-dividend market on the distribution date) or (y) the value of Exterran Corporation's common stock (based on its closing price on the when-issued market on the
distribution date) multiplied by the number of Exterran Corporation shares distributed for each share of Archrock on the distribution date (the "Distribution Ratio"), as applicable, and the
denominator of which is the sum of such values and (ii) the exercise price of each adjusted option will equal the exercise price of the Archrock Option divided by the applicable Conversion
Ratio.

 The number of vested and unvested shares subject to each adjusted option following the adjustment will be proportionate to the number of vested and unvested shares of Archrock common
stock subject to the corresponding Archrock Option immediately prior to the adjustment.

 49 

 Table of Contents 

Archrock Options Granted During 2015

 Archrock has not granted any Archrock Options during calendar year 2015, and does not currently expect to grant any Archrock Options
during calendar year 2015 prior to the distribution date. However, if Archrock does make grants of Archrock Options during calendar year 2015 prior to the distribution date, such options will be
adjusted as described below.

Archrock Options Granted During 2015 to Exterran Corporation Employees

 Each Archrock Option that was granted during calendar year 2015 and that is outstanding as of the distribution date (whether vested or
unvested) and which is held by an individual who will be employed or engaged, as applicable, by Exterran Corporation or its affiliates immediately following the distribution ("Exterran Corporation
Employees") will be adjusted through conversion solely into an Exterran Corporation Option. The number of shares of common stock subject to each Exterran Corporation Option will equal the product of
(i) the number of shares of Archrock's common stock subject to the Archrock Option immediately prior to the adjustment and (ii) the Exterran Corporation Conversion Ratio. The exercise
price of each Exterran Corporation Option will equal the exercise price of the Archrock Option immediately prior to the distribution divided by the same ratio.

 The number of vested and unvested shares subject to each Exterran Corporation Option following the adjustment will be proportionate to the number of vested and unvested shares of
Archrock common stock subject to the corresponding Archrock Option immediately prior to the adjustment.

Archrock Options Granted During 2015 to Archrock Employees

 Each Archrock Option that was granted in calendar year 2015 and that is outstanding as of the distribution date (whether vested or
unvested) and which is held by an individual who will be employed or engaged, as applicable, by Archrock or its affiliates immediately following the distribution ("Archrock Employees") will be
adjusted to cover a number of Archrock shares. The number of shares of common stock subject to each adjusted Archrock Option will equal the product of (i) the number of shares of Archrock's
common stock subject to the Archrock Option immediately prior to the adjustment and (ii) the Archrock Conversion Ratio. The exercise price of each adjusted Archrock Option will equal the
exercise price of the Archrock Option immediately prior to the adjustment divided by the same ratio.

 The number of vested and unvested shares subject to each adjusted Archrock Option following the adjustment will be proportionate to the number of vested and unvested shares of Archrock
common stock subject to the corresponding Archrock Option immediately prior to the adjustment.

Archrock Incentive Stock Options

 Notwithstanding the treatment described above, each Archrock Option that is intended to qualify as an "incentive stock option" (within
the meaning of Section 422 of the Code) and that is held by an Archrock Employee or Exterran Corporation Employee who elected, prior to the distribution, to preserve the tax treatment of their
Archrock incentive stock options will be converted solely into an option denominated in shares of the common stock of such employee's post-distribution employer in accordance with the adjustments
described above under " Archrock Options Granted During 2015 to Exterran Corporation Employees " (if such employee is an Exterran Corporation Employee) or
" Archrock Options Granted During 2015 to Archrock Employees " (if such employee is an Archrock Employee). Archrock incentive stock options held by an
Archrock Employee or Exterran Corporation Employee who does not elect, prior to the spin-off, to preserve the tax treatment of his or her Archrock incentive stock options will be adjusted as otherwise
described above, based on (i) the date on which the option was granted and (ii) whether the optionholder will be an Exterran Corporation Employee or an Archrock Employee following the
distribution.

 50 

 Table of Contents 

Archrock Options Held by Non-Continuing Employees

 In addition, notwithstanding the treatment described above, each Archrock Option held by an individual who, as of the effective time of
the distribution, is a former employee or other service provider of Exterran Corporation or Archrock (or their respective affiliates) will be adjusted solely into an Archrock Option in accordance with
the adjustments described above under " Archrock Options Granted During 2015 to Archrock Employees ".

Treatment of Archrock Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit and Performance Unit Awards

 Restricted stock, restricted stock unit and performance unit awards denominated in shares of Archrock common stock (each, an "Archrock
Stock Award") will be adjusted as described below based on (i) the date on which the Archrock Stock Award was granted and (ii) whether the holder will be employed or engaged by Archrock
or Exterran Corporation (or their respective affiliates) following the distribution.

Archrock Stock Awards Granted Prior to 2015

 Each Archrock Stock Award that was granted prior to calendar year 2015 and that is outstanding as of the distribution date will be
adjusted through conversion into an adjusted Archrock Stock Award and a restricted stock, restricted stock unit or performance unit award, as applicable, denominated in shares of Exterran Corporation
common stock (an "Exterran Corporation Stock Award"). The number of shares of Archrock's common stock subject to the adjusted Archrock Stock Award will equal the number of shares of Archrock's common
stock subject to the Archrock Stock Award immediately prior to the adjustment. The number of shares of Exterran Corporation's common stock subject to the new Exterran Corporation Stock Award will
equal (i) the number of shares
of Archrock's common stock subject to the Archrock Stock Award immediately prior to the adjustment multiplied by (ii) the Distribution Ratio.

Archrock Stock Awards Granted During 2015 to Exterran Corporation Employees

 Each Archrock Stock Award that was granted in calendar year 2015 and that is outstanding as of the distribution date and which is held
by an Exterran Corporation Employee will be adjusted through conversion into an Exterran Corporation Stock Award. The number of shares of common stock subject to each Exterran Corporation Stock Award
will equal the product of (i) the number of shares of Archrock's common stock subject to the Archrock Stock Award immediately prior to the adjustment and (ii) the Exterran Corporation
Conversion Ratio.

Archrock Stock Awards Granted During 2015 to Archrock Employees

 Each Archrock Stock Award that was granted in calendar year 2015 and that is outstanding as of the distribution date and which is held
by an Archrock Employee will be adjusted to cover a number of Archrock shares equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Archrock common stock subject to the Archrock Stock Award
immediately prior to the adjustment and (ii) the Archrock Conversion Ratio.

General Terms of Post-Distribution Stock Options and Stock Awards

 The adjusted Archrock Stock Awards and Archrock Options (collectively, "Archrock Awards") and the Exterran Corporation Stock Awards and
Exterran Corporations Options (collectively, "Exterran Corporation Awards") generally will be subject to the same terms and conditions, including the same vesting provisions (including any accelerated
vesting) and, if applicable, performance conditions, as applied to the corresponding Archrock Awards, as applicable, immediately prior to the adjustment. Following the adjustment, in the case of
Archrock Awards that are converted into both adjusted

 51 

 Table of Contents 

Archrock Awards and Exterran Corporation Awards, continued employment with or service to Archrock or its affiliates will be treated as employment or other continued service with Exterran Corporation
and its affiliates with respect to Exterran Corporation Awards held by Archrock Employees, and continued employment with or other service to Exterran Corporation and its affiliates will be treated as
employment or other continued service with Archrock and its affiliates with respect to Archrock Awards held by Exterran Corporation Employees.

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any unvested Exterran Corporation Award or unvested Archrock Award granted or adjusted, as applicable, in connection with the distribution,
if the original Archrock Award was subject to accelerated vesting provisions in connection with a termination of service with Archrock and/or a "Corporate Change" (as defined in the applicable award
agreements or equity plan) of Archrock, then the Exterran Corporation Award or Archrock Award, as applicable, will be subject to the same acceleration provisions in connection with the holder's
termination of service with his or her post-spin employer, Archrock or Exterran Corporation, as applicable, and/or Corporate Change of such entity. In addition, any unvested Exterran Corporation Award
granted to an Archrock Employee in connection with the distribution will vest in full upon a Corporate Change of Exterran Corporation, and any unvested Archrock Award held by an Exterran Corporation
Employee that is adjusted in connection with the distribution will vest in full upon a Corporate Change of Archrock. Additionally, if, following the distribution, the board of directors of Exterran
Corporation or Archrock, as applicable, determines to accelerate in full the vesting of all of such entity's equity awards that are held by its current and former service providers, then such board of
directors shall also accelerate in full the vesting of all of its equity awards that are held by current and former service providers of the other entity, Exterran Corporation or Archrock, as
applicable.

Spin-Off Conditions and Termination 

 We expect that the spin-off will be effective
on , 2015, provided that, among other
things: 

 &#149; the SEC has declared effective our Registration Statement on Form 10, of which this information statement is a part, under the
Exchange Act, with no stop order in effect with respect to the Form 10, and this information statement has been mailed to Exterran Holdings' shareholders; 

 &#149; the actions and filings necessary under securities and blue sky laws of the states of the U.S. and any comparable laws under any
foreign jurisdictions have been taken and become effective; 

 &#149; no order, injunction, decree or regulation issued by any court or agency of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or
prohibition preventing the completion of the spin-off is in effect and no other event outside Exterran Holdings' control has occurred or failed to occur that prevents the completion of the spin-off; 

 &#149; our common stock has been approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance; 

 &#149; Exterran Holdings has received an opinion from its tax counsel regarding the tax treatment of the spin-off as of the distribution date
(see "&#151;Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off" for more information regarding the opinion of tax counsel); 

 &#149; the separation and distribution agreement and each of the ancillary agreements related to the spin-off have been entered into before
the spin-off and have not been materially breached by any party thereto; 
 
 52 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; the separation and distribution agreement and each of the ancillary agreements entered into before the spin-off have not been
terminated and will not violate, conflict with or result in a breach of any law or any material agreements of Exterran Holdings; 

 &#149; the contribution of EESLP to Exterran Corporation will have been completed and be effective; 

 &#149; all material governmental approvals and material consents to be received by Exterran Holdings necessary to consummate the spin-off
have been received and continue to be in full force and effect; and 

 &#149; no other events or developments have occurred that, in the judgment of the board of directors of Exterran Holdings, in its sole and
absolute discretion, would result in the spin-off having a material adverse effect on Exterran Holdings or its shareholders.

 Exterran Holdings may waive one or more of these conditions in its sole and absolute discretion, and the determination by Exterran Holdings regarding the satisfaction of these conditions
will be conclusive. The fulfillment of these conditions will not create any obligation on Exterran Holdings' part to effect the distribution, and Exterran Holdings has reserved the right to amend,
modify or abandon any and all terms of the distribution and the related transactions at any time prior to the distribution date.

 In the event Exterran Holdings waives or modifies any of the conditions to the consummation of the spin-off in a manner that would have a material effect on the recipients of our common
stock in the spin-off, we will amend and redistribute this information statement to disclose such modification or waiver and any material effect on the recipients of our common stock. We currently
anticipate that if any of the conditions to the spin-off are not met or waived by Exterran Holdings, the spin-off will not take place.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Spin-Off 

 The following is a summary of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences to Exterran Holdings and to U.S. Holders (as defined
below) of shares of Exterran Holdings common stock in connection with the spin-off. This summary is based on the Code, the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder and judicial and
administrative interpretations thereof, in effect as of the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. Any such change could affect the tax
consequences described below. References to "Exterran Holdings" in this section means Archrock following the spin-off.

 For purposes of this discussion, a U.S. Holder is a beneficial owner of Exterran Holdings common stock that is, for U.S. federal income tax
purposes: 

 &#149; an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; 
 &#149; a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the
laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 
 &#149; an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 
 &#149; a trust that (1) is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and the control of one or more United States persons
(within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), or (2) has a valid election in effect under applicable Treasury Regulations to be treated as a United States person. 
 
 53 

 Table of Contents 

 This
summary also does not discuss all tax considerations that may be relevant to holders in light of their particular circumstances, nor does it address the consequences to holders
subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws, such as: 

 &#149; dealers or brokers in securities, commodities or currencies; 
 &#149; tax-exempt organizations; 
 &#149; banks, insurance companies or other financial institutions; 
 &#149; mutual funds; 
 &#149; regulated investment companies and real estate investment trusts; 
 &#149; a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax; 
 &#149; holders who hold individual retirement or other tax-deferred accounts; 

 &#149; holders who acquired shares of Exterran Holdings common stock pursuant to the exercise of stock options or otherwise as compensation; 

 &#149; holders who own, or are deemed to own, at least 10% or more, by voting power or value, of Exterran Holdings equity; 

 &#149; holders who hold Exterran Holdings common stock as part of a hedge, appreciated financial position, straddle, constructive sale,
conversion transaction or other risk reduction transaction; 

 &#149; traders in securities who elect to apply a mark-to-market method of accounting; 
 &#149; holders who have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar; 
 &#149; holders who are subject to the alternative minimum tax; or 
 &#149; partnerships or other pass-through entities or investors in such entities. 

 This summary does not address the U.S. federal income tax consequences to Exterran Holdings shareholders who do not hold shares of Exterran Holdings common stock as a capital asset or to
Exterran Holdings shareholders who are not U.S. Holders. Moreover, this summary does not address any state, local or foreign tax consequences or any estate, gift or other non-income tax consequences.

 If a partnership (or any other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds shares of Exterran Holdings common stock, the tax treatment of a partner in
that partnership will generally depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partners in a partnership holding Exterran Holdings common stock should consult their own tax
advisors regarding the tax consequences of the distribution.

 EXTERRAN HOLDINGS SHAREHOLDERS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE U.S. FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL AND NON-U.S. TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE DISTRIBUTION.

Distribution 

 Exterran Holdings expects to obtain an opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP substantially to the effect that, for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, (i) the internal distribution should qualify as a reorganization under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, and (ii) the distribution should qualify as
a reorganization under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, subject to certain qualifications and limitations. Accordingly, for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 

 &#149; no material gain or loss should be recognized by Exterran Holdings as a result of the internal distribution or the distribution;

 54 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; no gain or loss should be recognized by, or be includible in the income of, a U.S. Holder of Exterran Holdings common stock, solely as
a result of the receipt of Exterran Corporation common stock in the distribution; 

 &#149; the aggregate tax basis of the shares of Exterran Holdings common stock and shares of Exterran Corporation common stock in the hands
of a U.S. Holder of Exterran Holdings common stock immediately after the distribution should be the same as the aggregate tax basis of the shares of Exterran Holdings common stock held by the holder
immediately before the distribution, allocated between the shares of Exterran Holdings common stock and shares of Exterran Corporation common stock, including any fractional share interest for which
cash is received, in proportion to their relative fair market values on the date of the distribution; 

 &#149; the holding period with respect to shares of Exterran Corporation common stock received by a U.S. Holder of Exterran Holdings common
stock should include the holding period of its shares of Exterran Holdings common stock; and 

 &#149; a U.S. Holder of Exterran Holdings common stock who receives cash in lieu of a fractional share of Exterran Corporation common stock
in the distribution will be treated as having sold such fractional share for cash and generally should recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of cash
received and such holder's adjusted tax basis in the fractional share. That gain or loss should be long-term capital gain or loss if the holder's holding period for its shares of Exterran Holdings
common stock exceeds one year.

 U.S. Treasury regulations generally provide that if a U.S. Holder of Exterran Holdings common stock holds different blocks of Exterran Holdings common stock (generally shares of Exterran
Holdings common stock purchased or acquired on different dates or at different prices), the aggregate basis for
each block of Exterran Holdings common stock purchased or acquired on the same date and at the same price will be allocated, to the greatest extent possible, between the shares of Exterran Corporation
common stock received in the distribution in respect of such block of Exterran Holdings common stock and such block of Exterran Holdings common stock, in proportion to their respective fair market
values, and the holding period of the shares of Exterran Corporation common stock received in the distribution in respect of such block of Exterran Holdings common stock will include the holding
period of such block of Exterran Holdings common stock, provided that such block of Exterran Holdings common stock was held as a capital asset on the distribution date. If a U.S. Holder of Exterran
Holdings common stock is not able to identify which particular shares of Exterran Corporation common stock are received in the distribution with respect to a particular block of Exterran Holdings
common stock, for purposes of applying the rules described above, the U.S. Holder may designate which shares of Exterran Corporation common stock are received in the distribution in respect of a
particular block of Exterran Holdings common stock, provided that such designation is consistent with the terms of the distribution. Holders of Exterran Holdings common stock are encouraged to consult
their own tax advisors regarding the application of these rules to their particular circumstances.

 The application of Sections 355 and 368 of the Code to transactions substantially similar to the internal distribution and distribution is highly complex. In addition, there are
no court decisions or other authorities directly bearing on the tax treatment of the internal distribution or the distribution under our specific facts, and, as a result, the tax consequences of the
internal distribution and the distribution are not free from doubt. The lack of authority and resulting uncertainty described above renders counsel unable to reach a more definitive conclusion than
"should" in its opinion. Moreover, holders should note that the opinion that Exterran Holdings expects to receive from Latham & Watkins LLP will be based on certain facts and
assumptions, and certain representations and undertakings, from us and Exterran Holdings, and is not binding on the IRS or the courts. If any of the facts, representations, assumptions or undertakings
relied upon in the opinion is not correct, is

 55 

 Table of Contents 

 incomplete
or has been violated, our ability to rely on the opinion of counsel could be jeopardized. However, we are not aware of any facts or circumstances that would cause these facts,
representations or assumptions to be untrue or incomplete, or that would cause any of these undertakings to fail to be complied with, in any material respect. 

 If, notwithstanding the conclusions that we expect to be included in the opinion, the distribution is ultimately determined to not qualify as a reorganization under Sections 355
and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, Exterran Holdings would recognize a gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of Exterran Corporation common stock distributed to Exterran Holdings
shareholders on the distribution date over Exterran Holdings' tax basis in such shares. In addition, each U.S. Holder who receives shares of Exterran Corporation common stock in the distribution would
be treated as receiving a taxable distribution in an amount equal to the fair market value of our common stock that was distributed to the holder. Specifically, the full value of our common stock
distributed to a U.S. Holder generally would be treated first as a taxable dividend to the extent of the holder's pro rata share of
Exterran Holdings' current and accumulated earnings and profits, then as a non-taxable return of capital to the extent of the holder's basis in the Exterran Holdings stock, and finally as capital gain
from the sale or exchange of Exterran Holdings stock with respect to any remaining value.

 Moreover, Exterran Holdings could incur significant United States federal income tax liabilities if it is ultimately determined that the internal distribution does not qualify as a
reorganization under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code.

 Even if the internal distribution and distribution each otherwise qualifies as a reorganization under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, the spin-off may result in
corporate-level taxable gain to Exterran Holdings under Section 355(e) of the Code if there is a 50% or greater change in ownership, by vote or value, of our stock, Exterran Holdings' stock or
stock of a successor of either occurring as part of a plan or series of related transactions that includes the distribution. For this purpose, any acquisitions or issuances of Exterran Holdings' stock
within two years before the distribution, and any acquisitions or issuances of Exterran Corporation's stock or Exterran Holdings' stock within two years after the distribution, are generally presumed
to be part of such a plan, although we or Exterran Holdings may be able to rebut that presumption. If an acquisition or issuance of our stock or Exterran Holdings stock triggers the application of
Section 355(e) of the Code, Exterran Holdings would recognize taxable gain as described above and such gain would be subject to U.S. federal income tax.

Tax Matters Agreement 

 In connection with the distribution, we and Exterran Holdings will enter into a tax matters agreement pursuant to which we will agree
to be responsible for certain liabilities and obligations following the distribution. In general, under the terms of the tax matters agreement, in the event the distribution were to fail to qualify as
a transaction that is tax-free under Section 355 of the Code (including as a result of Section 355(e) of the Code) and if such failure were the result of actions taken after the
distribution by Archrock or us, the party responsible for such failure would be responsible for all taxes imposed on Exterran Holdings to the extent such taxes result from such actions. If such
failure were not the result of actions taken after the distribution by Archrock or us, the parties would each be responsible for 50% of the taxes imposed on Exterran Holdings as a result of such
failure. For a more detailed discussion, see "Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-Off&#151;Agreements Between Archrock and Us&#151;Tax Matters Agreement." If we are required to
indemnify Archrock and its subsidiaries under the circumstances set forth in the tax matters agreement, we may be subject to substantial liabilities.

 56 

 Table of Contents 

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 

 U.S. Treasury regulations require certain shareholders who receive stock in a distribution to attach to their U.S. federal income tax
return for the year in which the distribution occurs a detailed statement setting forth certain information relating to the tax-free nature of the distribution. In addition, payments of cash to an
Exterran Holdings shareholder in lieu of fractional shares of Exterran Corporation common stock in the distribution may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding (currently at a rate
of 28 percent), unless the shareholder provides proof of an applicable exemption or a correct taxpayer identification number and otherwise complies with the requirements of the backup
withholding rules. Backup withholding does not constitute an additional tax, but merely an advance payment, which may be refunded or credited against a shareholder's U.S. federal income tax liability,
provided the required information is timely supplied to the IRS.

 THE FOREGOING IS A SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE DISTRIBUTION UNDER CURRENT LAW. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT PURPORT TO ADDRESS ALL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME
TAX CONSEQUENCES OR TAX CONSEQUENCES THAT MAY ARISE UNDER THE TAX LAWS OR THAT MAY APPLY TO PARTICULAR CATEGORIES OF SHAREHOLDERS. EACH EXTERRAN HOLDINGS SHAREHOLDER IS ENCOURAGED TO CONSULT ITS OWN
TAX ADVISOR AS TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE DISTRIBUTION TO SUCH SHAREHOLDER, INCLUDING THE APPLICATION OF U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN TAX LAWS, AND THE EFFECT OF POSSIBLE
CHANGES IN TAX LAWS THAT MAY AFFECT THE TAX CONSEQUENCES DESCRIBED ABOVE.

Reason for Furnishing this Information Statement 

 This information statement is being furnished solely to provide information to Exterran Holdings shareholders who will receive shares
of our common stock in the spin-off. It is not to be construed as an inducement or encouragement to buy or sell any of our securities or any Exterran Holdings securities. We believe that the
information contained in this information statement is accurate as of the date set forth on the front cover. Changes may occur after that date and neither Exterran Holdings nor we undertake any
obligation to update the information, except to the extent applicable securities laws require us to do so.

 57 

 Table of Contents 

 CAPITALIZATION 

 The following table sets forth our capitalization as of March 31, 2015 (1) on a historical basis, and (2) on an as
adjusted basis to reflect the spin-off and other transactions described under "Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements." This table should be read in conjunction with "Selected
Historical Combined Financial Data," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," "Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements" and our
combined financial statements and corresponding notes included elsewhere in this information statement. 

 We
are providing the capitalization table below for information purposes only. The capitalization table below may not reflect the capitalization or financial condition that would have
resulted had we been operating as a separate, independent entity on March 31, 2015 and is not necessarily indicative of our future capitalization or financial condition. 

 March 31, 2015 

 (in thousands)

 Historical 
 
 As Adjusted 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

$ 
 51,450 

$ 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Long-term debt: 

 Debt arrangements 

 &#151; 

 Capital lease obligations 

 994 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total long-term debt (including current maturities) 

$ 
 994 

$ 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Equity(1): 

 Common stock, par value $0.01 per share; 250,000,000 shares authorized,
 shares issued and outstanding (34,697,391 as adjusted) 

 &#151; 

 Preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share; 50,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding 

 &#151; 

 Additional paid-in-capital 

 &#151; 

 Parent equity 

 1,482,949 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income 

 6,414 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total equity 

$ 
 1,489,363 

$ 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total capitalization 

$ 
 1,490,357 

$ 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (1) Represents
the expected distribution of approximately 34.7 million shares of our common stock to holders of Exterran Holdings common stock based on
the number of shares of Exterran Holdings common stock outstanding on March 31, 2015. The actual record date is , 2015.

 58 

 Table of Contents 

 DIVIDEND POLICY 

 We do not currently anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain our future earnings to support
the growth and development of our business. The declaration of any future cash dividends and, if declared, the amount of any such dividends, will be subject to our financial condition, earnings,
capital requirements, financial covenants, applicable law and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. In addition, the debt agreements and the separation and distribution agreement are
expected to include restrictions on our ability to pay dividends. Our board of directors may take into account such matters as general business conditions, industry practice, our financial condition
and performance, our future prospects, our cash needs and capital investment plans, income tax consequences, applicable law and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. See
"Risk Factors&#151;Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock&#151;Although Archrock has paid dividends on its common stock in the past, we do not currently anticipate paying cash
dividends on our common stock and cannot assure you that we will pay dividends on our common stock in the future, and our indebtedness could limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock."
For a discussion of the covenants contained in the debt agreements, please see "Description of Material Indebtedness." For a discussion of the limitation on distributions contained in the separation
and distribution agreement, please see "Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-off&#151;Separation and Distribution Agreement" and "Risk Factors&#151;Risks Relating to Our
Business&#151;We are due to receive a substantial amount in installment payments from the purchaser of our previously nationalized Venezuelan assets, the nonpayment of which would reduce the
anticipated amount of funds available to us to repay our indebtedness and for general corporate purposes."

 59 

 Table of Contents 

 SELECTED HISTORICAL COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA 

 The following tables present the selected financial information of Exterran Holdings' historical international contract operations and
global fabrication reporting segments and the international component of Exterran Holdings' aftermarket services reporting segment reflected in its historical financial statements discussed herein and
included elsewhere in this information statement. We refer to the global fabrication business currently operated by Exterran Holdings as our product sales business. The balance sheet data as of
December 31, 2014 and 2013 and the statements of operations data for each of the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 are derived from our audited combined financial statements
included elsewhere in this information statement. The balance sheet data as of December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 and the statements of operations data for each of the years ended
December 31, 2011 and 2010 are derived from our unaudited combined financial statements, which are not included in this information statement. The balance sheet data as of March 31, 2015
and the statements of operations data for each of the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 are derived from our unaudited combined financial statements included elsewhere in this
information statement. The balance sheet data as of March 31, 2014 is derived from our unaudited combined financial statements, which are not included in this information statement. Management
believes that the unaudited combined financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited combined financial statements and include all adjustments, consisting only of normal
recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair statement of the information for the periods presented. Results for the interim periods may not necessarily be indicative of results for the full year. The
results from continuing operations for all periods presented exclude the results of our Venezuelan contract operations business and our Canadian Operations. Those results are reflected in discontinued
operations for all periods presented.

 The selected historical combined financial information presented below should be read in conjunction with our combined financial statements and accompanying notes and "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this information statement. The financial information may not be indicative of our future performance
and does not necessarily reflect the financial position and results of operations we would have realized had we operated as a separate, stand-alone entity during the periods presented, including
changes that will occur in our operations as a result of our spin-off from Exterran Holdings.

 60 

 Table of Contents 

 Years Ended December 31, 
 
 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 

 (in thousands) 

 Statement of Operations Data: 

 Revenues 

$ 
 2,172,754 

$ 
 2,415,473 

$ 
 2,068,724 

$ 
 1,840,357 

$ 
 1,661,735 

$ 
 532,047 

$ 
 473,132 

 Gross margin(1) 

 596,869 

 583,516 

 484,606 

 416,631 

 475,158 

 144,065 

 141,166 

 Selling, general and administrative 

 267,493 

 264,890 

 269,812 

 259,562 

 246,888 

 58,566 

 64,656 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 173,803 

 140,029 

 167,499 

 171,301 

 200,734 

 38,795 

 36,166 

 Long-lived asset impairment 

 3,851 

 11,941 

 5,197 

 352 

 12,286 

 4,579 

 &#151; 

 Restructuring charges 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 3,892 

 7,131 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Goodwill impairment 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 164,813 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Interest expense 

 1,905 

 3,551 

 5,318 

 4,373 

 7,397 

 507 

 484 

 Equity in (income) loss of non-consolidated affiliates 

 (14,553 
 ) 
 
 (19,000 
 ) 
 
 (51,483 
 ) 
 
 471 

 609 

 (5,006 
 ) 
 
 (4,693 
 ) 

 Other (income) expense, net 

 7,222 

 (1,966 
 ) 
 
 5,638 

 (313 
 ) 
 
 (10,328 
 ) 
 
 8,391 

 (2,198 
 ) 

 Provision for income taxes 

 77,833 

 97,367 

 26,226 

 31,148 

 19,936 

 19,384 

 22,405 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations 

 79,315 

 86,704 

 52,507 

 (222,207 
 ) 
 
 (2,364 
 ) 
 
 18,849 

 24,346 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 

 73,198 

 66,149 

 66,843 

 (10,105 
 ) 
 
 40,739 

 18,743 

 18,683 

 Net income (loss) 

 152,513 

 152,853 

 119,350 

 (232,312 
 ) 
 
 38,375 

 37,592 

 43,029 

 Other Financial Data: 

 EBITDA, as adjusted(1) 

$ 
 326,729 

$ 
 324,905 

$ 
 216,562 

$ 
 171,556 

$ 
 227,480 

$ 
 84,616 

$ 
 78,627 

 Capital expenditures: 

 Contract Operations Equipment: 

 Growth 

$ 
 97,931 

$ 
 36,468 

$ 
 107,658 

$ 
 35,846 

$ 
 83,641 

$ 
 29,612 

$ 
 15,906 

 Maintenance 

 24,377 

 21,591 

 22,530 

 14,369 

 15,002 

 5,241 

 4,054 

 Other 

 35,546 

 42,136 

 34,602 

 32,332 

 21,901 

 5,696 

 6,481 

 Balance Sheet Data: 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

$ 
 39,361 

$ 
 35,194 

$ 
 34,167 

$ 
 21,454 

$ 
 43,752 

$ 
 51,450 

$ 
 61,009 

 Working capital 

 481,596 

 372,186 

 347,762 

 356,898 

 324,395 

 544,306 

 464,820 

 Property, plant and equipment, net 

 954,811 

 965,196 

 1,031,928 

 1,007,685 

 1,099,685 

 942,565 

 959,507 

 Total assets 

 2,032,823 

 1,999,211 

 2,133,502 

 2,153,944 

 2,457,704 

 2,025,854 

 2,024,937 

 Long-term debt 

 1,107 

 1,539 

 &#151; 

 140 

 55 

 994 

 1,444 

 Total equity 

 1,451,822 

 1,373,904 

 1,407,394 

 1,450,828 

 1,648,095 

 1,489,363 

 1,455,858 

 (1) Gross
margin and EBITDA, as adjusted, are non-GAAP financial measures. Each of these Non-GAAP financial measures is defined, reconciled to net income (loss)
and discussed further below under "Non-GAAP Financial Measures." 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

 We define gross margin as total revenue less cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense). Gross margin is included
as a supplemental disclosure because it is a primary measure used by our management to evaluate the results of revenue and cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense), which are
key components of our operations. We believe gross margin is important because it focuses on the current operating performance of our operations and excludes the impact of the prior historical costs
of the assets acquired or constructed that are utilized in those operations, the indirect costs associated with our selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") activities, the impact of our financing
methods and income taxes. Depreciation and amortization expense may not accurately reflect the costs required to maintain and replenish the operational usage of our assets and therefore may not
portray the costs from current operating activity. As an indicator of our operating performance, gross margin should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income (loss) as
determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ("GAAP"). Our gross margin may not be comparable to a similarly titled measure of another company because other
entities may not calculate gross margin in the same manner. 

 Gross
margin has certain material limitations associated with its use as compared to net income (loss). These limitations are primarily due to the exclusion of interest expense,
depreciation and 

 61 

 Table of Contents 

 amortization
expense, SG&A expense, impairments and restructuring charges. Each of these excluded expenses is material to our combined statements of operations. Because we intend to finance a portion
of our operations through borrowings, interest expense is a necessary element of our costs and our ability to generate revenue. Additionally, because we use capital assets, depreciation expense is a
necessary element of our costs and our ability to generate revenue, and SG&A expenses are necessary to support our operations and required corporate activities. To compensate for these limitations,
management uses this non-GAAP measure as a supplemental measure to other GAAP results to provide a more complete understanding of our performance. 

 The
following table reconciles our net income (loss) to gross margin (in thousands): 

 Years Ended December 31, 
 
 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 

 Net income (loss) 

$ 
 152,513 

$ 
 152,853 

$ 
 119,350 

$ 
 (232,312 
 ) 

$ 
 38,375 

$ 
 37,592 

$ 
 43,029 

 Selling, general and administrative 

 267,493 

 264,890 

 269,812 

 259,562 

 246,888 

 58,566 

 64,656 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 173,803 

 140,029 

 167,499 

 171,301 

 200,734 

 38,795 

 36,166 

 Long-lived asset impairment 

 3,851 

 11,941 

 5,197 

 352 

 12,286 

 4,579 

 &#151; 

 Restructuring charges 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 3,892 

 7,131 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Goodwill impairment 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 164,813 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Interest expense 

 1,905 

 3,551 

 5,318 

 4,373 

 7,397 

 507 

 484 

 Equity in (income) loss of non-consolidated affiliates 

 (14,553 
 ) 
 
 (19,000 
 ) 
 
 (51,483 
 ) 
 
 471 

 609 

 (5,006 
 ) 
 
 (4,693 
 ) 

 Other (income) expense, net 

 7,222 

 (1,966 
 ) 
 
 5,638 

 (313 
 ) 
 
 (10,328 
 ) 
 
 8,391 

 (2,198 
 ) 

 Provision for income taxes 

 77,833 

 97,367 

 26,226 

 31,148 

 19,936 

 19,384 

 22,405 

 (Income) loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

 (73,198 
 ) 
 
 (66,149 
 ) 
 
 (66,843 
 ) 
 
 10,105 

 (40,739 
 ) 
 
 (18,743 
 ) 
 
 (18,683 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Gross margin 

$ 
 596,869 

$ 
 583,516 

$ 
 484,606 

$ 
 416,631 

$ 
 475,158 

$ 
 144,065 

$ 
 141,166 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 We
define EBITDA, as adjusted, as net income (loss) excluding income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of tax), cumulative effect of accounting changes (net of tax), income taxes,
interest expense (including debt extinguishment costs and gain or loss on termination of interest rate swaps), depreciation and amortization expense, impairment charges, restructuring charges,
non-cash gains or losses from foreign currency exchange rate changes recorded on intercompany obligations, expensed acquisition costs and other items. We believe EBITDA, as adjusted, is an important
measure of operating performance because it allows management, investors and others to evaluate and compare
our core operating results from period to period by removing the impact of our capital structure (interest expense from our outstanding debt), asset base (depreciation and amortization), our
subsidiaries' capital structure (non-cash gains or losses from foreign currency exchange rate changes on intercompany obligations), tax consequences, impairment charges, restructuring charges,
expensed acquisition costs and other items. Management uses EBITDA, as adjusted, as a supplemental measure to review current period operating performance, comparability measures and performance
measures for period to period comparisons. Our EBITDA, as adjusted, may not be comparable to a similarly titled measure of another company because other entities may not calculate EBITDA in the same
manner. 

 EBITDA,
as adjusted, is not a measure of financial performance under GAAP, and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net income (loss), cash flows from operating
activities and other measures determined in accordance with GAAP. Items excluded from EBITDA, as adjusted, are significant and necessary components to the operations of our business, and, therefore,
EBITDA, as adjusted, should only be used as a supplemental measure of our operating performance. 

 62 

 Table of Contents 

 The
following table reconciles our net income (loss) to EBITDA, as adjusted (in thousands): 

 Years Ended December 31, 
 
 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 
 
 2010 
 
 2015 
 
 2014 

 Net income (loss) 

$ 
 152,513 

$ 
 152,853 

$ 
 119,350 

$ 
 (232,312 
 ) 

$ 
 38,375 

$ 
 37,592 

$ 
 43,029 

 (Income) loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

 (73,198 
 ) 
 
 (66,149 
 ) 
 
 (66,843 
 ) 
 
 10,105 

 (40,739 
 ) 
 
 (18,743 
 ) 
 
 (18,683 
 ) 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 173,803 

 140,029 

 167,499 

 171,301 

 200,734 

 38,795 

 36,166 

 Long-lived asset impairment 

 3,851 

 11,941 

 5,197 

 352 

 12,286 

 4,579 

 &#151; 

 Restructuring charges 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 3,892 

 7,131 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Goodwill impairment 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 164,813 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Investment in non-consolidated affiliates impairment 

 197 

 &#151; 

 224 

 471 

 609 

 &#151; 

 197 

 Proceeds from sale of joint venture assets 

 (14,750 
 ) 
 
 (19,000 
 ) 
 
 (51,707 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (5,006 
 ) 
 
 (4,890 
 ) 

 Interest expense 

 1,905 

 3,551 

 5,318 

 4,373 

 7,397 

 507 

 484 

 (Gain) loss on currency exchange rate remeasurement of intercompany balances 

 3,614 

 4,313 

 7,406 

 14,174 

 (6,255 
 ) 
 
 7,508 

 (81 
 ) 

 Gain on sale of our investment in the subsidiary that owns the barge mounted processing plant and other related assets used on the Cawthorne Channel
Project 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (4,863 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Loss on sale of businesses 

 961 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Provision for income taxes 

 77,833 

 97,367 

 26,226 

 31,148 

 19,936 

 19,384 

 22,405 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 EBITDA, as adjusted 

$ 
 326,729 

$ 
 324,905 

$ 
 216,562 

$ 
 171,556 

$ 
 227,480 

$ 
 84,616 

$ 
 78,627 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 63 

 Table of Contents 

 UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements have been derived from our historical combined financial statements
included in this information statement and are not intended to be a complete presentation of our financial position or results of operations had the transactions contemplated by the spin-off and
related agreements occurred as of and for the periods indicated. In addition, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements are provided for illustrative and informational purposes
only and are not necessarily indicative of our future results of operations or financial condition as an independent, publicly traded company. The pro forma adjustments are based upon available
information and assumptions that management believes are reasonable, that reflect the expected impacts of events directly attributable to the spin-off and related transaction agreements and that are
factually supportable, and for purposes of the statement of operations, are expected to have a continuing impact on us. However, such adjustments are subject to change based on the finalization of the
terms of the spin-off and related agreements. 

 The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2015 and for the year ended December 31, 2014 reflects our results
as if the spin-off and related transactions described below had occurred on January 1, 2014. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of March 31, 2015 reflects our
financial position as if the spin-off and related transactions described below had occurred as of such date. 

 The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements should be read in conjunction with "Capitalization," "Selected Historical Combined Financial Data," "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" and the combined financial statements and accompanying notes included
elsewhere in this information statement. 

 The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements give effect to the following: 

 &#149; the incurrence of $ million of debt under the debt arrangements and a transfer of
$ million of the
proceeds from such debt arrangements to Archrock; 

 &#149; the impact of the separation and distribution agreement, supply agreement, services agreement, employee matters agreement, tax matters
agreement and transition services agreement between Archrock and us and the provisions contained therein; and 

 &#149; the distribution of approximately 34.7 million shares of our common stock to Archrock's shareholders (based on the number of
shares of Exterran Holdings common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2015).

 Following
the completion of the spin-off, we expect to incur one-time expenditures ranging from approximately $ million to
$ million
consisting primarily of costs to start up certain stand-alone functions and other one-time transaction related costs. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements may not reflect
all of the costs of operating as a stand-alone public company, including potentially increased expenses related to, among others, internal audit, treasury, risk management, investor relations, tax,
legal and corporate secretary functions as well as the annual expenses associated with running an independent publicly traded company including listing fees, compensation of non-employee directors and
related board of director fees, and other fees and expenses related to insurance, legal and external audit. Only costs that management has determined are factually supportable and recurring are
included as pro forma adjustments, including items described above. Incremental costs and expenses associated with operating as a stand-alone company are not reflected in the accompanying pro forma
condensed combined statements of income. However, our efforts to reduce SG&A costs in 2015 in response to market conditions are expected to result in lower SG&A expenses and the savings from these
initiatives are expected to offset the increase in costs due to being a stand-alone public company. 

 64 

 Table of Contents 

 UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET (in thousands) 

 March 31, 2015 

 Historical 
 
 Pro Forma 
Adjustments 

 Pro Forma 

 ASSETS 

 Current assets: 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

$ 
 51,450 

$ 
 &#151; 
 
 (A) 

$ 

 Restricted cash 

 1,490 

 Accounts receivable, net 

 365,592 

 Inventory, net 

 316,913 

 Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts 

 122,407 

 Current deferred income taxes 

 48,595 

 (26,235 
 ) 
 (B) 

 Other current assets 

 67,316 

 Current assets associated with discontinued operations 

 453 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total current assets 

 974,216 

 (26,235 
 ) 

 Property, plant and equipment, net 

 942,565 

 Intangible and other assets, net 

 109,073 

 41,506 
 
 (B),(C) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets 

$ 
 2,025,854 

$ 
 15,271 

$ 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

 Current liabilities: 

 Accounts payable, trade 

$ 
 141,274 

$ 

$ 

 Accrued liabilities 

 139,032 

 Deferred revenue 

 58,253 

 Billings on uncompleted contracts in excess of costs and estimated earnings 

 90,237 

 Current liabilities associated with discontinued operations 

 1,114 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total current liabilities 

 429,910 

 Long-term debt 

 994 

 (C) 

 Deferred income taxes 

 34,852 

 Long-term deferred revenue 

 43,953 

 Other long-term liabilities 

 26,442 

 Long-term liabilities associated with discontinued operations 

 340 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities 

 536,491 

 Commitments and contingencies 

 Equity: 

 Parent equity 

 1,482,949 

 (1,482,949 
 ) 
 (D)(E) 

 &#151; 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income 

 6,414 

 Common stock 

 &#151; 

 347 
 
 (E) 

 Additional paid-in capital 

 &#151; 

 1,497,873 
 
 (E) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total equity 

 1,489,363 

 15,271 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities and equity 

$ 
 2,025,854 

$ 
 15,271 

$ 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements. 

 65 

 Table of Contents 

 UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share amounts)

 Three Months Ended March 31, 2015 

 Historical 
 
 Pro Forma 
Adjustments 

 Pro Forma 

 Revenues: 

 Contract operations 

$ 
 120,691 

$ 

$ 

 Aftermarket services 

 36,244 

 Product sales 

 375,112 

 17,970 
 
 (F) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total revenues 

$ 
 532,047 

$ 
 17,970 

$ 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Costs and expenses: 

 Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense): 

 Contract operations 

 44,339 

 Aftermarket services 

 25,157 

 Product sales 

 318,486 

 16,532 
 
 (F) 

 Selling, general and administrative 

 58,566 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 38,795 

 Long-lived asset impairment 

 4,579 

 Interest expense 

 507 

 (G) 

 Equity in income of non-consolidated affiliates 

 (5,006 
 ) 

 Other (income) expense, net 

 8,391 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 493,814 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income before income taxes 

 38,233 

 Provision for income taxes 

 19,384 

 (H) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income from continuing operations 

$ 
 18,849 

$ 

$ 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Basic income per common share: 

 Income from continuing operations 

 (I) 

$ 

 Diluted income per common share: 

 Income from continuing operations 

 (J) 

$ 

 Weighted average common shares outstanding used in income per common share: 

 Basic 

 (I) 

 34,126 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Diluted 

 (J) 

 34,267 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements. 

 66 

 Table of Contents 

 UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share amounts)

 Year Ended December 31, 2014 

 Historical 
 
 Pro Forma 
Adjustments 

 Pro Forma 

 Revenues: 

 Contract operations 

$ 
 493,853 

$ 

$ 

 Aftermarket services 

 162,724 

 Product sales 

 1,516,177 

 64,277 
 
 (F) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total revenues 

$ 
 2,172,754 

$ 
 64,277 

$ 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Costs and expenses: 

 Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense): 

 Contract operations 

 185,408 

 Aftermarket services 

 120,181 

 Product sales 

 1,270,296 

 59,135 
 
 (F) 

 Selling, general and administrative 

 267,493 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 173,803 

 Long-lived asset impairment 

 3,851 

 Interest expense 

 1,905 

 (G) 

 Equity in income of non-consolidated affiliates 

 (14,553 
 ) 

 Other (income) expense, net 

 7,222 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 2,015,606 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income before income taxes 

 157,148 

 Provision for income taxes 

 77,833 

 (H) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income from continuing operations 

$ 
 79,315 

$ 

$ 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Basic income per common share: 

 Income from continuing operations 

 (I) 

$ 

 Diluted income per common share: 

 Income from continuing operations 

 (J) 

$ 

 Weighted average common shares outstanding used in income per common share: 

 Basic 

 (I) 

 33,117 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Diluted 

 (J) 

 34,545 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements. 

 67 

 Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (A) Reflects
the following adjustments to cash and cash equivalents (in thousands): 

 Cash received from incurrence of new debt (see note (C)) 

$ 

 Cash transferred to Exterran Holdings (see note (D)) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Cash pro forma adjustment 

$ 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (B) Reflects
the impact of changes in both current and long-term deferred tax assets related to foreign tax credits and U.S. net operating losses allocated from
Archrock as a result of the spin-off. The valuation allowance associated with foreign tax deferred tax assets has been allocated between current and long-term deferred tax assets on a pro rata basis.
Based on the weight of all the evidence available it is more likely than not that a portion of the foreign tax credit deferred tax assets will not be realized. This adjustment reflects a decrease to
current deferred tax assets of $26.2 million and an increase to long-term deferred tax assets of $41.5 million included in intangible and other assets, net.

 (C) In
connection with the spin-off, we expect that we, or one of our expected wholly owned subsidiaries, will incur approximately
$ million in indebtedness in the form of newly issued debt securities and the entry into a new credit facility and other financing arrangements. We expect to incur
approximately
$ million in fees and expenses in connection with these debt arrangements.

 (D) Reflects
the use of proceeds of debt arrangements incurred in connection with the spin-off (see note (C)), approximately
$ million of which we expect will be transferred to Exterran Holdings to allow it to repay certain of its existing indebtedness.

 (E) Represents
the reclassification of the net investment of Exterran Holdings in us, which was recorded in parent company equity, into shares of our common
stock and additional paid-in capital and the balancing entry to reflect approximately 34.7 million outstanding shares of common stock at a par value of $0.01 per share. We have assumed shares
being distributed to holders of Exterran Holdings common shares, based on approximately 69.4 million outstanding shares of Exterran Holdings common shares outstanding at March 31, 2015,
at a distribution ratio of one share of our common stock for every two shares of Exterran Holdings common stock. The components of the adjustment are listed below (in thousands):

 Parent equity at March 31, 2015 

$ 
 1,482,949 

 Tax adjustment (see note (B)) 

 15,271 

 Cash transferred to Archrock 

 Adjustment for par value of common stock 

 (347 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Adjustment to additional paid-in capital 

$ 
 1,497,873 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (F) Reflects
the effect of the supply agreement and the services agreement that we will enter into with Archrock and Archrock Partners in connection with the
spin-off. The revenue adjustment reflects the additional revenue that we would have recorded for products fabricated and sold to Exterran Holdings during the three months ended March 31, 2015
and the year ended December 31, 2014 under the supply agreement, if it were in effect on January 1, 2014.

 (G) Represents
the incremental interest expense, including amortization of deferred financing costs, related to the additional debt expected to be incurred in
connection with our debt arrangements upon the spin-off, assuming an annual interest rate of % on total indebtedness of
$ million. The interest rates for pro forma
purposes are based on assumptions of the rates

 68 

 Table of Contents 

 to
be effective on the completion of the spin-off. A one-eighth percent change in assumed interest rates for our additional debt would have a pro forma impact of $ million
annually. 

 (H) Represents
the tax effect of pro forma adjustments to income before income taxes, adjusted for nondeductible spin-off costs, using the U.S. federal
statutory rate of 35% for the period presented.

 (I) The
pro forma weighted-average number of approximately 34,126,000 shares and 33,117,000 shares used to compute pro forma basic net income per share for the
three months ended March 31, 2015 and for the year ended December 31, 2014, respectively, are based on the weighted-average number of Exterran Holdings shares outstanding for the three
months ended March 31, 2015 and for the year ended December 31, 2014, respectively, applying a distribution ratio of one share of our common stock for every two shares of Exterran
Holdings common stock outstanding.

 (J) The
pro forma weighted-average number of shares of our common stock used to compute pro forma diluted net income per share is based on the weighted average
number of basic shares of our common stock as described in note (I) above, plus incremental shares assuming exercise of dilutive outstanding options and restricted stock awards granted to our
employees under Exterran Holdings' stock-based compensation plans. The actual effect of the dilution following the completion of the spin-off will depend on various factors, including the employment
of our personnel in one company or the other and the value of the equity awards at the time of distribution, and accordingly we cannot fully estimate the dilutive effects at this time.

 69 

 Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in
conjunction with our Combined Financial Statements, the notes thereto, and the other financial information appearing elsewhere in this information statement. The following discussion includes
forward-looking statements that involve certain risks and uncertainties. See "Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements" and "Risk Factors" in this information statement. 

Spin-off from Exterran Holdings

 On November 17, 2014, Exterran Holdings announced a plan to separate its international contract operations, international
aftermarket services and global fabrication businesses
into an independent, publicly traded company ("Exterran Corporation", "our", "we" or "us"). We refer to the global fabrication business currently operated by Exterran Holdings as our product sales
business. The spin-off is expected to be completed in accordance with a separation and distribution agreement between Archrock and Exterran Corporation. See "Relationship with Archrock After the
Spin-Off&#151;Agreements Between Archrock and Us&#151;Separation and Distribution Agreement." To effect the spin-off, Exterran Holdings intends to distribute, on a pro rata basis, all of
the shares of Exterran Corporation common stock to Exterran Holdings' stockholders as of the record date for the spin-off. The spin-off is subject to certain conditions, including general economic and
market conditions, the receipt of an opinion of counsel as to the tax treatment of the transaction and final approval of Exterran Holdings' board of directors. See "The Spin-Off&#151;Spin-Off
Conditions and Termination." The spin-off will not be subject to a shareholder vote. Upon completion of the spin-off, Archrock and Exterran Corporation will each be independent, publicly traded
companies and will have separate public ownership, boards of directors and management. We expect to complete the spin-off on or
about , 2015. However, we cannot assure you that the
spin-off will be completed on the anticipated timeline, or at all, or that the terms of the spin-off will not change.

 In connection with the separation and distribution agreement, Exterran Corporation will enter into several other agreements with Archrock that will govern the relationship between
Exterran Corporation and Archrock after completion of the distribution and provide for the allocation between Exterran Corporation and Archrock of various assets, liabilities, rights and obligations
(including employee benefits, insurance and tax-related assets and liabilities). These agreements will also include arrangements with respect to certain services to be provided between Exterran
Corporation and Archrock. See "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" and "Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-off."

 Following
the completion of the spin-off, we expect to incur one-time expenditures ranging from approximately $ million to
$ million
consisting primarily of costs to start up certain stand-alone functions and other one-time transaction related costs. Recurring costs of operating as a stand-alone public company include potentially
increased expenses related to, among others, internal audit, treasury, risk management, investor relations, tax, legal and corporate secretary functions as well as the annual expenses associated with
running an independent publicly traded company including listing fees, compensation of non-employee directors and related board of director fees, and other fees and expenses related to insurance,
legal and external audit. Costs of operating as a stand-alone public company that differ from historical allocations may have an impact on our profitability and operating cash flows. However, our
efforts to reduce SG&A costs in 2015 in response to market conditions are expected to result in lower SG&A expenses and the savings from these initiatives are expected to offset the increase in costs
due to being a stand-alone public company. 

Overview 

 We are a market leader in the provision of compression, production and processing products and services that support the production and
transportation of oil and natural gas
throughout the world. We provide these products and services to a global customer base consisting of companies engaged in all 

 70 

 Table of Contents 

 aspects
of the oil and natural gas industry, including large integrated oil and natural gas companies, national oil and natural gas companies, independent oil and natural gas producers and oil and
natural gas processors, gatherers and pipeline operators. We report our results of operations in the following three reporting business segments: contract operations, aftermarket services and product
sales. 

 In
our contract operations business we own and operate our fleet of natural gas compression equipment and crude oil and natural gas production and processing equipment on behalf of our
customers outside of the United States. These services can include engineering, design, procurement, on-site construction and operation of natural gas compression and crude oil or natural gas
production and processing facilities for our customers. Our contract operations business is underpinned by long-term commercial contracts with large customers, including several national oil and
natural gas companies, which we believe provides us with relatively stable cash flows due to our exposure to the production phase of oil and gas development, compared to drilling and completion
related energy service and product providers. We believe our contract operations services generally allow our customers that outsource their compression or production and processing needs to achieve
higher production rates than they would achieve with their own operations, resulting in increased revenue for our customers. In addition, outsourcing allows our customers flexibility for their
compression and production and processing needs while limiting their capital requirements. These contracts generally involve initial terms ranging from three to five years, and in some cases in excess
of 10 years. In many instances, we are able to renew these contracts prior to the expiration of the initial term; in some cases, we may sell the underlying assets to our customers pursuant to purchase
options. 

 In
our aftermarket services business we provide operations, maintenance, overhaul and reconfiguration services outside of the United States to support our customers who own their own
compression, production, processing, treating and related equipment. Our services range from routine maintenance services and parts sales to the full operation and maintenance of customer-owned
assets. We both seek to couple aftermarket services with our product sales business to provide ongoing services to customers who buy equipment from us and to sell those services to customers who have
bought equipment from other companies. 

 In
our product sales business we design, engineer, manufacture, install and sell natural gas compression packages, as well as equipment used in the production, treating and processing of
crude oil and natural gas to customers both in the United States and internationally. We also design, engineer, manufacture and install this equipment for use in our contract operations business. In
addition, we combine our products into an integrated solution that we design, engineer, procure and, in certain cases, construct on-site for sale to our customers. We believe the expansive range of
products we sell through our global platform enables us to take advantage of the ongoing, worldwide energy infrastructure build-out. 

Industry Conditions and Trends 

 Our business environment and corresponding operating results are affected by the level of energy industry spending for the exploration,
development and production of oil and natural gas reserves. Spending by oil and natural gas exploration and production companies is dependent upon these companies' forecasts regarding the expected
future supply, demand and pricing of oil and natural gas products as well as their estimates of risk-adjusted costs to find, develop and produce reserves. Although we believe our contract operations
business is typically less impacted by commodity prices than certain other energy products and service providers, changes in oil and natural gas exploration and production spending normally result in
changes in demand for our products and services. 

 As
reported in the BP Energy Outlook 2035, February 2015 edition, global liquids and natural gas consumption are expected to grow annually by approximately 1.2% and 2.6%, respectively,
between 2015 and 2020. Global liquids and natural gas consumption are forecast to increase annually by approximately 0.7% and 1.5%, respectively, between 2020 and 2035. 

 71 

 Table of Contents 

 In
addition, according to the BP Energy Outlook 2035, February 2015 edition, global liquids and natural gas production are forecast to grow annually by approximately 1.0% and 2.5%,
respectively, between 2015 and 2020. Global liquids and natural gas production are forecast to increase annually by approximately 0.6% and 1.5%, respectively, between 2020 and 2035. The largest growth
in liquids production is forecast to come from North America, the Middle East and South and Central America. The largest growth in natural gas production is forecast to come from North America, Asia
Pacific and the Middle East. 

Our Performance Trends and Outlook 

 Our revenue, earnings and financial position are affected by, among other things, market conditions that impact demand and pricing for
natural gas compression and oil and
natural gas production and processing and our customers' decisions among using our products and services, using our competitors' products and services or owning and operating the equipment themselves. 

 During
2014, we saw steady activity in North American shale plays and areas focused on the production of oil and natural gas liquids. Historically, oil and natural gas prices in North
America have been volatile. Global oil prices have fallen significantly since the third quarter of 2014. West Texas Intermediate crude oil spot prices as of March 31, 2015 were approximately
11% and 53% lower than prices at December 31, 2014 and March 31, 2014, respectively. In addition, the Henry Hub spot price for natural gas was $2.65 per MMBtu at March 31, 2015,
which was approximately 16% and 41% lower than prices at December 31, 2014 and March 31, 2014, respectively, and the U.S. natural gas liquid composite price was approximately $5.08 per
MMBtu for the month of January 2015, which was approximately 10% and 49% lower than prices for the months of December 2014 and March 2014, respectively. During periods of lower oil or natural gas
prices, oil and natural gas production growth could moderate or decline in North America and internationally, and as a result the demand or pricing for our contract operations services, natural gas
compression equipment and oil and natural gas production and processing equipment could be adversely affected. Booking activity levels for our fabricated products in North America during the three
months ended March 31, 2015 have decreased by approximately 82% compared to the three months ended December 31, 2014 and our North America product sales backlog as of March 31,
2015 decreased by approximately 29% compared to December 31, 2014. We believe these booking levels reflect both our customers' reduced activity levels in response to the decline in commodity
prices and caution on the part of our customers as they reset capital budgets and seek to reduce costs. 

 Similarly,
in international markets, lower oil and gas prices may have a negative impact on the amount of capital investment by our customers in new projects. However, we believe the
impact will be less than we expect to experience in North America for two reasons: first, the longer-term fundamentals influencing our international customers' demand and, second, the long-term
contracts we have in place with some of those international customers, including for our contract operations services. Growth in our international markets depends in part on international
infrastructure projects, many of which are based on longer-term plans of our customers that can be driven by their local market demand and local pricing for natural gas. As a result, we believe our
international customers make decisions based on longer-term fundamentals that can be less tied to near term commodity prices than our North American customers. Therefore, we believe the demand for our
services and products in international markets will continue, and we expect to have opportunities to grow our international businesses over the long term. In the short term, however, our customers
have sought to reduce their capital and operating expenditure requirements due to lower oil and natural gas prices. As a result, the demand for our services and products in international markets has
been adversely impacted. Booking activity levels for our fabricated products in international markets during the three months ended March 31, 2015 have decreased by approximately 76% compared
to the three months ended December 31, 2014 and our international market product sales backlog as of March 31, 2015 decreased by approximately 17% compared to December 31, 2014. 

 72 

 Table of Contents 

 The
timing of any change in activity levels by our customers is difficult to predict. As a result, our ability to project the anticipated activity level for our business, and
particularly our fabrication segment, in the second half of 2015 is limited. If capital spending by our customers remains low throughout 2015, we expect significantly lower bookings in our product
sales business in 2015 compared to 2014. If these reduced booking levels persist for a sustained period, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. 

 Our
level of capital spending depends on our forecast for the demand for our products and services and the equipment required to provide services to our customers. We anticipate
investing more capital in our contract operations business in 2015 than we did in 2014. The increased investment in our contract operations business during 2015 is driven by large multi-year projects
contracted in 2014 that are scheduled to start earning revenue in 2015 and 2016. 

Certain Key Challenges and Uncertainties 

 Market conditions and competition in the oil and natural gas industry and the risks inherent in international markets continue to
represent key challenges and uncertainties. In addition to these challenges, we believe the following represent some of the key challenges and uncertainties we will face in the future: 

 Global Energy Markets and Oil and Natural Gas Pricing. Our results of operations depend upon the level of activity in the global energy
markets,
including oil and natural gas development, production, processing and transportation. Oil and natural gas prices and the level of drilling and exploration activity can be volatile and have fallen
significantly recently. As a result, many producers in the U.S. and other parts of the world, including our customers, have announced reduced capital budgets for this year. If oil and natural gas
exploration and development activity and the number of well completions continue to decline due to the reduction in oil and natural gas prices or significant instability in energy markets, we would
anticipate a continued decrease in demand and potentially pricing for our natural gas compression and oil and natural gas production and processing equipment and services. For example, unfavorable
market conditions or financial difficulties experienced by our customers may result in cancellation of contracts or the delay or abandonment of projects, which could cause our cash flows generated by
our products sales and international services to decline and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

 Execution on Larger Contract Operations and Product Sales Projects. Some of our projects have a relatively larger size and scope than
the majority of
our projects, which can translate into more
technically challenging conditions or performance specifications for our products and services. Contracts with our customers generally specify delivery dates, performance criteria and penalties for
our failure to perform. Any failure to execute such larger projects in a timely and cost effective manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. 

 Completion of the Spin-off. Execution of the spin-off transaction will require significant expense and the time and attention of our
management. The
spin-off could distract management from the operation of our business and the execution of our other strategic initiatives. Our employees may also be uncertain about their future roles within Exterran
Corporation pending the completion of the spin-off, which could lead to departures. Further, if the spin-off is completed, we may not realize the benefits we expect to realize. Any such difficulties
could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If completed, the spin-off may also expose us to certain risks that could have an adverse effect on our
results of operations and financial condition. The spin-off is contingent upon the final approval of Exterran Holdings' board of directors and other conditions, some of which are beyond our control.
For this and other reasons, the spin-off may not be completed in the expected timeframe or at all.

 Personnel, Hiring, Training and Retention. Both in North America and internationally, we believe our ability to grow may be challenged
by our ability
to hire, train and retain qualified personnel. 

 73 

 Table of Contents 

 Although
we have been able to satisfy our personnel needs thus far, retaining employees in our industry continues to be a challenge. Our ability to continue our growth will depend in part on our
success in hiring, training and retaining these employees. 

For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 

Summary of Results 

 As discussed in Note 2 to the Condensed Combined Financial Statements, the results from continuing operations for all periods
presented exclude the results of our Venezuelan contract operations business. Those results are reflected in discontinued operations for all periods presented. 

 Net Income and EBITDA, as adjusted. We generated net income of $37.6 million and $43.0 million during the three months ended
March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The decrease in net income was primarily due to an increase in foreign currency losses of $9.4 million, an increase in long-lived asset impairment
and an increase in depreciation and amortization expense. These activities were partially offset by a decrease in income tax expense, a decrease in SG&A expense and an increase in gross margin. Our
EBITDA, as adjusted, was $84.6 million and $78.6 million during the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. EBITDA, as adjusted, increased primarily due to a
decrease in SG&A expense and an increase in gross margin, partially offset by an increase of $1.8 million in foreign currency losses excluding the remeasurement of intercompany balances. For a
reconciliation of EBITDA, as adjusted, to net income (loss), its most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, please read "Selected Historical Combined
Financial Data&#151;Non-GAAP Financial Measures" of this information statement. 

 Results by Business Segment. The following table summarizes revenue, gross margin and gross margin percentages for each of our business
segments
(dollars in thousands): 

 For the Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Revenue: 

 Contract Operations 

$ 
 120,691 

$ 
 111,040 

 Aftermarket Services 

 36,244 

 34,833 

 Product Sales 

 375,112 

 327,259 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

$ 
 532,047 

$ 
 473,132 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Gross Margin(1): 

 Contract Operations 

$ 
 76,352 

$ 
 70,008 

 Aftermarket Services 

 11,087 

 9,818 

 Product Sales 

 56,626 

 61,340 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

$ 
 144,065 

$ 
 141,166 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Gross Margin percentage(2): 

 Contract Operations 

 63 
 % 
 
 63 
 % 

 Aftermarket Services 

 31 
 % 
 
 28 
 % 

 Product Sales 

 15 
 % 
 
 19 
 % 

 (1) Defined
as revenue less cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization expense. Gross margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, is reconciled, in total,
to net income (loss), its most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in "Selected Historical Combined Financial Data&#151;Non-GAAP Financial
Measures" of this information statement.
 (2) Defined
as gross margin divided by revenue. 
 
 74 

 Table of Contents 

Operating Highlights 

 The following tables summarize our total available horsepower, total operating horsepower, average operating horsepower, horsepower
utilization percentages and product sales backlog (in thousands, except percentages): 

 For the Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Total Available Horsepower (at period end) 

 1,239 

 1,254 

 Total Operating Horsepower (at period end) 

 960 

 984 

 Average Operating Horsepower 

 971 

 982 

 Horsepower Utilization (at period end) 

 77% 

 78% 

 March 31, 
2015 
 
 March 31, 
2014 

 Product Sales Backlog(1): 

 Compressor and Accessory 

$ 
 185,640 

$ 
 176,708 

 Production and Processing 

 458,143 

 433,842 

 Installation 

 86,590 

 58,513 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Product Sales Backlog 

$ 
 730,373 

$ 
 669,063 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (1) Our
product sales backlog consists of unfilled orders based on signed contracts and does not include potential product sales pursuant to letters of intent
received from customers. We expect that $27.3 million of our product sales backlog as of March 31, 2015 will be recognized after March 31, 2016. 

The Three Months Ended March 31, 2015 Compared to the Three Months Ended
March 31, 2014 

 Contract Operations (dollars in thousands) 

 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 Increase 
(Decrease) 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Revenue 

$ 
 120,691 

$ 
 111,040 

 9 
 % 

 Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) 

 44,339 

 41,032 

 8 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Gross margin 

$ 
 76,352 

$ 
 70,008 

 9 
 % 

 Gross margin percentage 

 63 
 % 
 
 63 
 % 
 
 0 
 % 

 The
increase in revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2015 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2014 was primarily due to a $7.0 million increase
in revenue in Mexico primarily driven by contracts that commenced or were expanded in scope in 2014 and 2015 and a $4.2 million increase in revenue in Argentina primarily due to higher rates
and inflationary cost recoveries billed to customers in the current year period partially offset by the devaluation of the Argentine peso in the current year period. Gross margin increased during the
three months ended March 31, 2015 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2014 primarily due to the revenue increase explained above, excluding the devaluation of the Argentine peso
in the current year as the impact on gross margin and gross margin percentage was insignificant. Gross margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, is reconciled, in total, to net income (loss), its most
directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in "Selected Historical Combined Financial Data&#151;Non-GAAP Financial Measures" of this information
statement. 

 75 

 Table of Contents 

 Aftermarket Services (dollars in thousands) 

 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 Increase 
(Decrease) 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Revenue 

$ 
 36,244 

$ 
 34,833 

 4 
 % 

 Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) 

 25,157 

 25,015 

 1 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Gross margin 

$ 
 11,087 

$ 
 9,818 

 13 
 % 

 Gross margin percentage 

 31 
 % 
 
 28 
 % 
 
 3 
 % 

 The
increase in revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2015 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2014 was primarily due to an increase in revenue in the
Eastern Hemisphere of $1.1 million. Gross margin increased during the three months ended March 31, 2015 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2014 primarily due to an
increase in gross margin in the Eastern Hemisphere of $1.2 million. The increase in gross margin percentage during the three months ended March 31, 2015 compared to the three months
ended March 31, 2014 was due to the receipt of a settlement from a customer in the Eastern Hemisphere during the three months ended March 31, 2015, which positively impacted revenue and
gross margin by $3.7 million and $2.2 million, respectively. 

 Product Sales (dollars in thousands) 

 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 Increase 
(Decrease) 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Revenue 

$ 
 375,112 

$ 
 327,259 

 15 
 % 

 Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) 

 318,486 

 265,919 

 20 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Gross margin 

$ 
 56,626 

$ 
 61,340 

 (8 
 )% 

 Gross margin percentage 

 15 
 % 
 
 19 
 % 
 
 (4 
 )% 

 The
increase in revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2015 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2014 was due to higher revenue in North America and Latin
America of $52.5 million and $6.9 million, respectively, partially offset by a decrease in revenue in the Eastern Hemisphere of $11.5 million. The increase in revenue in North
America was primarily due to increases of $21.9 million, $15.7 million and $14.9 million in production and processing equipment revenue, installation revenue and compressor
revenue, respectively. The increase in Latin America revenue was primarily due to an increase of $7.5 million in compressor revenue. The decrease in the Eastern Hemisphere revenue was due to
decreases of $14.1 million and $10.3 million in compressor revenue and installation revenue, respectively, partially offset by an increase of $12.9 million in production and
processing equipment revenue. The decreases in gross margin and gross margin percentage were primarily caused by subcontractor delays during the three months ended March 31, 2015 resulting in
schedule extensions and additional costs of $4.3 million associated with projects in the Eastern Hemisphere and an increase of $0.9 million in expense for inventory reserves during the
current year period. 

 76 

 Table of Contents 

 Costs and Expenses (dollars in thousands) 

 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 Increase 
(Decrease) 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Selling, general and administrative 

$ 
 58,566 

$ 
 64,656 

 (9 
 )% 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 38,795 

 36,166 

 7 
 % 

 Long-lived asset impairment 

 4,579 

 &#151; 

 n/a 

 Interest expense 

 507 

 484 

 5 
 % 

 Equity in income of non-consolidated affiliates 

 (5,006 
 ) 
 
 (4,693 
 ) 
 
 7 
 % 

 Other (income) expense, net 

 8,391 

 (2,198 
 ) 
 
 (482 
 )% 

 SG&A expense includes expense allocations for certain functions, including allocations of expenses related to executive oversight, accounting, treasury, tax, legal, procurement and
information technology services performed by Exterran Holdings on a centralized basis that historically have not been recorded at the segment level. These costs were allocated to us systematically
based on specific department function and revenue. Included in SG&A expense during the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 were $14.9 million and $16.3 million,
respectively, of corporate expenses incurred by Exterran Holdings. The actual costs we would have incurred if we had been a stand-alone public company would depend on multiple factors, including
organizational structure and strategic decisions made in various areas, including information technology and infrastructure. The decrease in SG&A expense during the three months ended March 31,
2015 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2014 was also attributable to a $1.4 million decrease in compensation and benefits costs in Latin America and the Eastern Hemisphere.
SG&A as a percentage of revenue was 11% and 14% during the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

 Depreciation
and amortization expense during the three months ended March 31, 2015 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2014 increased primarily due to an increase
of $4.8 million in depreciation of installation costs on contract operations projects in Mexico, partially offset by a decrease of $2.7 million in depreciation of compressor costs in the
Eastern Hemisphere primarily as a result of a purchase option exercised by a contract operations customer during three months ended March 31, 2014. Installation costs capitalized on contract
operations projects are depreciated over the life of the underlying contract. 

 During the three months ended March 31, 2015, we reviewed the future deployment of our idle compression assets used in our contract operations segment for units that were not of
the type, configuration, condition, make or model that are cost efficient to maintain and operate. Based on this review, we determined that six idle compression units totaling approximately 7,000
horsepower would be retired from the active fleet. The retirement of these units from the active fleet triggered a review of these assets for impairment. As a result, we recorded a $3.2 million
asset impairment to reduce the book value of each unit to its estimated fair value. The fair value of each unit was estimated based on the estimated component value of the equipment on each compressor
unit that we plan to utilize.

 During the three months ended March 31, 2015, we evaluated a long-term note receivable from the purchaser of our Canadian Operations for impairment. This review was triggered by
an offer from the purchaser of our Canadian Operations to prepay the note receivable at a discount to its current book value. The fair value of the note receivable as of March 31, 2015 was
based on the amount offered by the purchaser of our Canadian Operations to prepay the note receivable. The difference between the book value of the note receivable at March 31, 2015 and its
fair value resulted in the recording of an impairment of long-lived assets of $1.4 million. In April 2015, we accepted the offer to early settle this note receivable.

 In
March 2012, our Venezuelan joint ventures sold their assets to PDVSA Gas. We received payments, including an annual charge, of $5.0 million and $4.9 million during the
three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The remaining principal amount due to us of approximately 

 77 

 Table of Contents 

 $22 million
as of March 31, 2015, is payable in quarterly cash installments through the first quarter of 2016. Payments we receive from the sale will be recognized as equity in (income)
loss of non-consolidated affiliates in our combined statements of operations in the periods such payments are received. 

 The
change in other (income) expense, net, during the three months ended March 31, 2015 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2014 was primarily due to a
$9.4 million increase in foreign currency losses. Foreign currency losses included a translation loss of $7.5 million and a translation gain of $0.1 million during the three
months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, related to the functional currency remeasurement of our foreign subsidiaries' U.S. dollar denominated intercompany obligations. 

 Income Taxes (dollars in thousands) 

 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 Increase 
(Decrease) 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Provision for income taxes 

$ 
 19,384 

$ 
 22,405 

 (13 
 )% 

 Effective tax rate 

 50.7 
 % 
 
 47.9 
 % 
 
 2.8 
 % 

 The
decrease in our income tax expense during the three months ended March 31, 2015 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2014 was primarily attributable to an
$8.5 million decrease in pre-tax income. 

 Discontinued Operations (dollars in thousands) 

 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 Increase (Decrease) 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

$ 
 18,743 

$ 
 18,683 

 0 
 % 

 Income
from discontinued operations, net of tax, during the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 includes our operations in Venezuela that were expropriated in June 2009,
including compensation for expropriation and costs associated with our arbitration proceeding. 

 As
discussed in Note 2 to the Condensed Combined Financial Statements, in August 2012, our Venezuelan subsidiary sold its previously nationalized assets to PDVSA Gas. We received
installment payments, including an annual charge, totaling $18.7 million and $17.8 million during the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The remaining
principal amount due to us of approximately $99 million as of March 31, 2015, is payable in quarterly cash installments through the third quarter of 2016. We have not recognized amounts
payable to us by PDVSA Gas as a receivable and will therefore recognize quarterly payments received in the future as income from discontinued operations in the periods such payments are received. The
proceeds from the sale of the assets are not subject to Venezuelan national taxes due to an exemption allowed under the Venezuelan Reserve Law applicable to expropriation settlements. In addition, and
in connection with the sale, we and the Venezuelan government agreed to waive rights to assert certain claims against each other. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 

Summary of Results 

 As discussed in Note 3 to the Combined Financial Statements, the results from continuing operations for all periods presented
exclude the results of our Venezuelan contract operations business and Canadian Operations. Those results are reflected in discontinued operations for all periods presented. 

 78 

 Table of Contents 

 Net Income and EBITDA, as adjusted. We generated net income of $152.5 million, $152.9 million and $119.4 million during
the
years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Net income during the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 was impacted by an
increase in depreciation and amortization expense and a $6.5 million loss on short-term investments related to the purchase of Argentine government issued U.S. dollar denominated bonds using
Argentine pesos in the current year period, offset by a decrease in income tax expense, an increase in gross margin and a decrease in long-lived asset impairment. The increase in net income during the
year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012 was primarily due to an increase in gross margin in our product sales segment and a decrease in depreciation and
amortization expenses, partially offset by an increase in income tax expense and a decrease of $32.7 million in cash payments received from the sale of our Venezuelan joint ventures' assets.
Our EBITDA, as adjusted, was $326.7 million, $324.9 million and $216.6 million during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. EBITDA, as adjusted,
during the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 increased primarily due to higher gross margin as discussed above, partially offset by a
$6.5 million loss on short-term investments related to the purchase of Argentine government issued U.S. dollar denominated bonds using Argentine pesos as discussed above. EBITDA, as adjusted,
during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012, increased primarily due to higher gross margin in our product sales segment. For a reconciliation of
EBITDA, as adjusted, to net income (loss), its most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, please read
"Selected Historical Combined Financial Data&#151;Non-GAAP Financial Measures" of this information statement. 

 Results by Business Segment. The following table summarizes revenue, gross margin and gross margin percentages for each of our business
segments
(dollars in thousands): 

 Years Ended 
December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

 Revenue: 

 Contract Operations 

$ 
 493,853 

$ 
 476,016 

$ 
 463,957 

 Aftermarket Services 

 162,724 

 160,672 

 145,048 

 Product Sales 

 1,516,177 

 1,778,785 

 1,459,719 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

$ 
 2,172,754 

$ 
 2,415,473 

$ 
 2,068,724 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Gross Margin(1): 

 Contract Operations 

$ 
 308,445 

$ 
 279,072 

$ 
 279,349 

 Aftermarket Services 

 42,543 

 40,328 

 37,190 

 Product Sales 

 245,881 

 264,116 

 168,067 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

$ 
 596,869 

$ 
 583,516 

$ 
 484,606 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Gross Margin percentage(2): 

 Contract Operations 

 62 
 % 
 
 59 
 % 
 
 60 
 % 

 Aftermarket Services 

 26 
 % 
 
 25 
 % 
 
 26 
 % 

 Product Sales 

 16 
 % 
 
 15 
 % 
 
 12 
 % 

 (1) Defined
as revenue less cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization expense. Gross margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, is reconciled, in total,
to net income (loss), its most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in "Selected Historical Combined Financial Data&#151;Non-GAAP Financial
Measures" of this information statement.
 (2) Defined
as gross margin divided by revenue. 
 
 79 

 Table of Contents 

Operating Highlights 

 The following tables summarize our total available horsepower, total operating horsepower, average operating horsepower, horsepower
utilization percentages and product sales backlog (in thousands, except percentages): 

 Years Ended 
December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

 Total Available Horsepower (at period end) 

 1,236 

 1,255 

 1,265 

 Total Operating Horsepower (at period end) 

 976 

 986 

 1,007 

 Average Operating Horsepower 

 969 

 995 

 991 

 Horsepower Utilization (at period end) 

 79 
 % 
 
 79 
 % 
 
 80 
 % 

 December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

 Product Sales Backlog(1): 

 Compressor and Accessory 

$ 
 270,297 

$ 
 157,093 

$ 
 254,915 

 Production and Processing 

 561,153 

 475,565 

 563,826 

 Installation 

 121,751 

 46,429 

 245,573 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Product Sales Backlog 

$ 
 953,201 

$ 
 679,087 

$ 
 1,064,314 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (1) Our
product sales backlog consists of unfilled orders based on signed contracts and does not include potential product sales pursuant to letters of intent
received from customers. We expect that $59.4 million of our product sales backlog as of December 31, 2014 will not be recognized in 2015. 

The Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2013 

 Contract Operations (dollars in thousands) 

 Years Ended 
December 31, 

 Increase 
(Decrease) 

 2014 
 
 2013 

 Revenue 

$ 
 493,853 

$ 
 476,016 

 4 
 % 

 Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) 

 185,408 

 196,944 

 (6 
 )% 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Gross margin 

$ 
 308,445 

$ 
 279,072 

 11 
 % 

 Gross margin percentage 

 62 
 % 
 
 59 
 % 
 
 3 
 % 

 The
increase in revenue during the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 was primarily due to a $16.1 million increase in revenue
in Brazil primarily related to the start-up of a project in the current year with little incremental costs, an $8.0 million increase in revenue related to contracts that commenced in 2013 in
Trinidad and Iraq, a $3.8 million increase in revenue in Mexico primarily due to accelerated revenues associated with a project that terminated in the second quarter of 2014 and a
$3.8 million increase in revenue in Indonesia primarily due to an increase in production. These increases in revenue were partially offset by a $7.2 million decrease in revenue in
Argentina driven by devaluation of the Argentine peso in the current year partially offset by higher rates in the current year period and a $6.1 million decrease in Colombia primarily due to
recognition of revenue with no incremental cost on the termination of a contract during the year ended 

 80 

 Table of Contents 

 December 31,
2013. Gross margin (defined as revenue less cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization expense) and gross margin percentage increased during the year ended
December 31, 2014 compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 primarily due to the revenue increase explained above, excluding the devaluation of the Argentine peso in the current year
as the impact on gross margin and gross margin percentage was insignificant. While our gross margin during the year ended December 31,
2014 benefited from the start-up of a Brazilian project, our contract operations business is capital intensive, and as such, we did have additional incremental costs in the form of depreciation
expense which is excluded from gross margin. Gross margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, is reconciled, in total, to net income (loss), its most directly comparable financial measure calculated and
presented in accordance with GAAP in "Selected Historical Combined Financial Data&#151;Non-GAAP Financial Measures" of this information statement. 

 Aftermarket Services (dollars in thousands) 

 Years Ended 
December 31, 

 Increase 
(Decrease) 

 2014 
 
 2013 

 Revenue 

$ 
 162,724 

$ 
 160,672 

 1 
 % 

 Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) 

 120,181 

 120,344 

 0 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Gross margin 

$ 
 42,543 

$ 
 40,328 

 5 
 % 

 Gross margin percentage 

 26 
 % 
 
 25 
 % 
 
 1 
 % 

 The
increase in revenue during the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 was due to increases in revenue in the Eastern Hemisphere and
Latin America of $1.1 million and $1.0 million, respectively. Gross margin increased during the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the year ended December 31, 2013
primarily due to an increase in gross margin in the Eastern Hemisphere of $2.6 million. 

 Product Sales (dollars in thousands) 

 Years Ended 
December 31, 

 Increase 
(Decrease) 

 2014 
 
 2013 

 Revenue 

$ 
 1,516,177 

$ 
 1,778,785 

 (15 
 )% 

 Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) 

 1,270,296 

 1,514,669 

 (16 
 )% 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Gross margin 

$ 
 245,881 

$ 
 264,116 

 (7 
 )% 

 Gross margin percentage 

 16 
 % 
 
 15 
 % 
 
 1 
 % 

 The
decrease in revenue during the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 was due to lower revenue in North America, Latin America and
the Eastern Hemisphere of $114.7 million, $83.3 million and $64.6 million, respectively. The decrease in revenue in North America was due to a decrease of $143.6 million in
installation revenue primarily due to a project for one customer that was completed in 2013 and a decrease of $122.4 million in production and processing equipment revenue, partially offset by
a $151.3 million increase in compressor revenue. The decrease in Latin America revenue was due to decreases of $59.2 million, $14.0 million and $10.1 million in
installation revenue, production and processing equipment revenue and compressor revenue, respectively. The decrease in revenue in the Eastern Hemisphere was due to a decrease of $106.4 million
in compressor revenue, partially offset by increases of $24.0 million and $17.8 million in 

 81 

 Table of Contents 

 installation
revenue and production and processing equipment revenue, respectively. The decrease in gross margin was primarily caused by the revenue decrease explained above and additional costs
charged to one project in North America related to a warranty expense accrual of approximately $7.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2014, partially offset by cost overruns on
three large turnkey projects recorded during the year ended December 31, 2013 of approximately $53.0 million. The
increase in gross margin percentage was primarily caused by cost overruns on three large turnkey projects recorded during the year ended December 31, 2013, partially offset by additional costs
charged to a project in North America related to a warranty expense accrual during the year ended December 31, 2014. 

 Costs and Expenses (dollars in thousands) 

 Years Ended 
December 31, 

 Increase 
(Decrease) 

 2014 
 
 2013 

 Selling, general and administrative 

$ 
 267,493 

$ 
 264,890 

 1 
 % 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 173,803 

 140,029 

 24 
 % 

 Long-lived asset impairment 

 3,851 

 11,941 

 (68 
 )% 

 Interest expense 

 1,905 

 3,551 

 (46 
 )% 

 Equity in income of non-consolidated affiliates 

 (14,553 
 ) 
 
 (19,000 
 ) 
 
 (23 
 )% 

 Other (income) expense, net 

 7,222 

 (1,966 
 ) 
 
 (467 
 )% 

 SG&A expense includes expense allocations for certain functions, including allocations of expenses related to executive oversight, accounting, treasury, tax, legal, procurement and
information technology services performed by Exterran Holdings on a centralized basis that historically have not been recorded at the segment level. These costs were allocated to us systematically
based on specific department function and revenue. Included in SG&A expense during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 were $68.3 million and $62.6 million, respectively,
of corporate expenses incurred by Exterran Holdings. The actual costs we would have incurred if we had been a stand-alone public company would depend on multiple factors, including organizational
structure and strategic decisions made in various areas, including information technology and infrastructure. SG&A as a percentage of revenue was 12% and 11% during the years ended December 31,
2014 and 2013, respectively.

 Depreciation
and amortization expense during the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 increased primarily due to $26.4 million
of depreciation of installation costs recognized during 2014 on a contract operations project in Brazil that commenced and terminated operations in 2014. Prior to the start-up of this project, we
capitalized $1.9 million and $24.5 million of installation costs during the year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Capitalized installation costs included, among
other things, civil engineering, piping, electrical instrumentation and project management costs. Installation costs capitalized on contract operations projects are depreciated over the life of the
underlying contract. In addition, depreciation expense increased due to property, plant and equipment additions. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2014, we evaluated the future deployment of our idle fleet and determined to retire approximately 20 idle compressor units, representing
approximately 18,000 horsepower, previously used to provide services in our contract operations segment. As a result, we performed an impairment review and recorded a $2.8 million asset
impairment to reduce the book value of each unit to its estimated fair value. The fair value of each unit was estimated based on the estimated component value of the equipment we plan to use. 

 In
connection with our fleet review during 2014, we evaluated for impairment idle units that had been culled from our fleet in prior years and were available for sale. Based upon that
review, we 

 82 

 Table of Contents 

 reduced
the expected proceeds from disposition for certain of the remaining units. This resulted in an additional impairment of $1.1 million to reduce the book value of each unit to its
estimated fair value. 

 In
July 2013, as part of our continued emphasis on simplification and focus on our core business, we sold the entity that owned our product sales facility in the United Kingdom. As a
result, we recorded impairment charges of $11.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2013. 

 The
decrease in interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 was primarily due to a decrease in letters of credit
issued for performance guarantees. 

 In
March 2012, our Venezuelan joint ventures sold their assets to PDVSA Gas. We received payments, including an annual charge, of $14.7 million and $19.0 million during the
years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The remaining principal amount due to us of approximately $26 million as of December 31, 2014, is payable in quarterly cash
installments through the first quarter of 2016. In January 2015, we received an installment payment, including an annual charge, of $5.0 million that was due to us in December 2014. Payments we
receive from the sale will be recognized as equity in (income) loss of non-consolidated affiliates in our combined statements of operations in the periods such payments are received. 

 The
change in other (income) expense, net, was primarily due to a $6.5 million loss recognized during the year ended December 31, 2014 on short-term investments related to
the purchase of $24.3 million of Argentine government issued U.S. dollar denominated bonds using Argentine pesos and an increase of $5.8 million in foreign currency losses in the current
year period. Foreign currency losses included translation losses of $3.6 million and $4.3 million during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013,
respectively, related to the functional currency remeasurement of our foreign subsidiaries' U.S. dollar denominated intercompany obligations. 

 Income Taxes (dollars in thousands) 

 Years Ended 
December 31, 

 Increase 
(Decrease) 

 2014 
 
 2013 

 Provision for income taxes 

$ 
 77,833 

$ 
 97,367 

 (20 
 )% 

 Effective tax rate 

 49.5 
 % 
 
 52.9 
 % 
 
 (3.4 
 )% 

 Our
effective tax rate is affected by recurring items, such as tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the relative amounts of income we earn, or losses we incur, in those jurisdictions.
It is also affected by discrete items that may occur in any given year but are not consistent from year to year. In addition to net state income taxes, the following items had the most significant
impact on the difference between our statutory U.S. federal income tax rate of 35.0% and our effective tax rate. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2014: 

 &#149; A $31.3 million (19.9%) increase resulting primarily from foreign withholding taxes, decreases in available net operating
losses mostly related to our subsidiaries in the Netherlands, and negative impacts of foreign currency devaluations in Argentina and Mexico. The increase includes a reduction resulting from rate
differences between U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions primarily related to income we earned in Oman, Mexico and Thailand where the rates are 12.0%, 30.0% and 20.0%,
respectively. 
 &#149; A $7.9 million (5.0%) increase resulting from valuation allowances primarily recorded against deferred tax assets for net
operating losses of our subsidiaries in Brazil, Italy and the 
 
 83 

 Table of Contents 

 Netherlands.
The increase includes a reduction in valuation allowances related to decreases in available net operating losses mostly related to our subsidiaries in the Netherlands. 

 &#149; A $10.9 million (7.0%) reduction resulting from claiming foreign taxes as credits primarily for foreign withholding taxes. The
foreign tax credits are available to offset future payments of U.S. federal income taxes. 
 &#149; A $5.2 million (3.3%) reduction due to $14.7 million of nontaxable proceeds from sale of joint venture assets in
Venezuela. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2013: 

 &#149; A $28.5 million (15.5%) increase resulting primarily from foreign withholding taxes and negative impacts of foreign currency
devaluations in Argentina. 
 &#149; A $22.8 million (12.4%) increase resulting from valuation allowances primarily recorded against deferred tax assets for net
operating losses of our subsidiaries in Brazil, Italy and the Netherlands. 
 &#149; A $16.4 million (8.9%) reduction resulting from claiming foreign taxes as credits primarily for foreign withholding taxes. The
foreign tax credits are available to offset future payments of U.S. federal income taxes. 
 &#149; A $6.7 million (3.6%) reduction due to $19.0 million of nontaxable proceeds from sale of joint venture assets. 

 Discontinued Operations (dollars in thousands) 

 Years Ended 
December 31, 

 Increase 
(Decrease) 

 2014 
 
 2013 

 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

$ 
 73,198 

$ 
 66,149 

 11 
 % 

 Income
from discontinued operations, net of tax, during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 includes our operations in Venezuela that were expropriated in June 2009,
including compensation for expropriation and costs associated with our arbitration proceeding, and results from our Canadian Operations. 

 As
discussed in Note 3 to the Combined Financial Statements, in August 2012, our Venezuelan subsidiary sold its previously nationalized assets to PDVSA Gas. We received
installment payments, including an annual charge, totaling $72.6 million and $69.3 million during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The remaining principal
amount due to us of approximately $116 million as of December 31, 2014, is payable in quarterly cash installments through the third quarter of 2016. We have not recognized amounts
payable to us by PDVSA Gas as a receivable and will therefore recognize quarterly payments received in the future as income from discontinued operations in the periods such payments are received. The
proceeds from the sale of the assets are not subject to Venezuelan national taxes due to an exemption allowed under the Venezuelan Reserve Law applicable to expropriation
settlements. In addition, and in connection with the sale, we and the Venezuelan government agreed to waive rights to assert certain claims against each other. 

 In
June 2012, we committed to a plan to sell our Canadian Operations. In connection with the planned disposition, we recorded impairment charges totaling $6.4 million during the
year ended December 31, 2013. As discussed in Note 3 to the Combined Financial Statements, in July 2013, we completed the sale of our Canadian Operations. 

 84 

 Table of Contents 

The Year Ended December 31, 2013 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2012 

 Contract Operations (dollars in thousands) 

 Years Ended 
December 31, 

 Increase 
(Decrease) 

 2013 
 
 2012 

 Revenue 

$ 
 476,016 

$ 
 463,957 

 3 
 % 

 Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) 

 196,944 

 184,608 

 7 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Gross margin 

$ 
 279,072 

$ 
 279,349 

 0 
 % 

 Gross margin percentage 

 59 
 % 
 
 60 
 % 
 
 (1 
 )% 

 The
increase in revenue during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012 was primarily due to rate increases in Argentina and Indonesia
that provided $32.7 million of additional revenue in 2013 and increases in revenue in Mexico and Bahrain of $17.7 million primarily due to contracts that commenced or were expanded in
scope in 2012 and 2013. These increases were partially offset by a $37.1 million decrease in revenue in Brazil primarily as a result of the recognition of revenue with little incremental cost
on terminated contracts during the prior year period. Gross margin (defined as revenue less cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization expense) percentage during the year ended
December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012 decreased due to the recognition of revenue on terminated contracts in Brazil during the year ended December 31,
2012 mentioned above, partially offset by the rate increases mentioned above. While our gross margin during the year end December 31, 2012 benefited from the recognition of revenue with little
incremental cost on terminated contracts, our contract operations business is capital intensive, and as such, we did have additional incremental costs in the form of depreciation expense which is
excluded from gross margin. Gross margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, is reconciled, in total, to net income (loss), its most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in
accordance with GAAP in "Selected Historical Combined Financial Data&#151;Non-GAAP Financial Measures" of this information statement. 

 Aftermarket Services (dollars in thousands) 

 Years Ended 
December 31, 

 Increase 
(Decrease) 

 2013 
 
 2012 

 Revenue 

$ 
 160,672 

$ 
 145,048 

 11 
 % 

 Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) 

 120,344 

 107,858 

 12 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Gross margin 

$ 
 40,328 

$ 
 37,190 

 8 
 % 

 Gross margin percentage 

 25 
 % 
 
 26 
 % 
 
 (1 
 )% 

 The
increase in revenue during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012 was due to increases in revenue in the Eastern Hemisphere and
Latin America of $8.9 million and $6.7 million, respectively. Gross margin increased during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012
due to an increase in gross margin in Latin America, partially offset by lower gross margins on work performed in the Eastern Hemisphere during the year ended December 31, 2013. 

 85 

 Table of Contents 

 Product Sales (dollars in thousands) 

 Years Ended 
December 31, 

 Increase 
(Decrease) 

 2013 
 
 2012 

 Revenue 

$ 
 1,778,785 

$ 
 1,459,719 

 22 
 % 

 Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) 

 1,514,669 

 1,291,652 

 17 
 % 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Gross margin 

$ 
 264,116 

$ 
 168,067 

 57 
 % 

 Gross margin percentage 

 15 
 % 
 
 12 
 % 
 
 3 
 % 

 The
increase in revenue during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012 was due to higher revenue in the Eastern Hemisphere, North
America and Latin America of $188.9 million, $81.2 million and $49.0 million, respectively. The increase in revenue in the Eastern Hemisphere was due to increases of
$114.3 million, $38.9 million and $35.7 million in compressor revenue, production and processing equipment revenue and installation revenue, respectively. The increase in North
America revenue was due to increases of $80.7 million and $88.4 million in installation revenue and production and processing equipment revenue, respectively, partially offset by an
$87.9 million decrease in compressor revenue. The increase in Latin America revenue was primarily due to an increase in installation revenue of $54.4 million. The increases in gross
margin and gross margin percentage were primarily caused by the revenue increase explained above, a reduction in operating expenses from the implementation of profitability improvement initiatives and
improved pricing associated with projects in North America and the Eastern Hemisphere. These improvements in results were partially offset by cost overruns on three large turnkey projects during the
year ended December 31, 2013 of approximately $53.0 million. 

 Costs and Expenses (dollars in thousands) 

 Years Ended 
December 31, 

 Increase 
(Decrease) 

 2013 
 
 2012 

 Selling, general and administrative 

$ 
 264,890 

$ 
 269,812 

 (2 
 )% 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 140,029 

 167,499 

 (16 
 )% 

 Long-lived asset impairment 

 11,941 

 5,197 

 130 
 % 

 Restructuring charges 

 &#151; 

 3,892 

 (100 
 )% 

 Interest expense 

 3,551 

 5,318 

 (33 
 )% 

 Equity in income of non-consolidated affiliates 

 (19,000 
 ) 
 
 (51,483 
 ) 
 
 (63 
 )% 

 Other (income) expense, net 

 (1,966 
 ) 
 
 5,638 

 (135 
 )% 

 SG&A expense includes expense allocations for certain functions performed by Exterran Holdings, including allocations of expenses related to executive oversight, accounting, treasury,
tax, legal, procurement and information technology services performed by Exterran Holdings on a centralized basis that historically have not been recorded at the segment level. These costs were
allocated to us systematically based on specific department function and revenue. Included in our SG&A expense during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were $62.6 million and
$63.3 million, respectively, of corporate expenses incurred by Exterran Holdings. The actual costs we would have incurred if we had been a stand-alone public company would depend on multiple
factors, including organizational structure and strategic decisions made in various areas, such as information technology and infrastructure. The decrease in SG&A expense during the year ended
December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012 was primarily due to a $5.3 million decrease in bad debt expense.

 86 

 Table of Contents 

SG&A as a percentage of revenue was 11% and 13% during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.

 Depreciation
and amortization expense during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012 decreased primarily due to reduced depreciation
expense on terminated contract operations projects in Brazil. 

 In
July 2013, as part of our continued emphasis on simplification and focus on our core business, we sold the entity that owned our product sales facility in the United Kingdom. As a
result, we recorded impairment charges of $11.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2013. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2012, as part of our continued emphasis on simplification and focus on our core businesses, we committed to a plan to dispose of certain
offshore assets located in Trinidad. As a result, we performed an impairment review and recorded a $3.2 million asset impairment to reduce the book value of these assets to their estimated fair
value. The fair value was estimated based on the expected net sale proceeds. 

 In
2012, we committed to a plan to sell the entity that owned our product sales facility in the United Kingdom. As a result, we recorded impairment charges of $1.5 million during
the year ended December 31, 2012. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2012, we evaluated other long-lived assets for impairment and recorded long-lived asset impairments of $0.5 million on these assets. 

 In
November 2011, we announced a workforce cost reduction program across all of our business segments as a first step in a broader overall profit improvement initiative. These actions
were the result of a review of our cost structure aimed at identifying ways to reduce our ongoing operating costs and adjust the size of our workforce to be consistent with then current and expected
activity levels. A significant portion of the workforce cost reduction program was completed in 2011, with the remainder completed in 2012. During the year ended December 31, 2012, we incurred
$3.9 million of restructuring charges primarily related to termination benefits and consulting services. 

 The
decrease in interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012 was primarily due to a decrease in letters of credit
issued for performance guarantees. 

 In
March 2012, our Venezuelan joint ventures sold their assets to PDVSA Gas. We received payments, including an annual charge, of $19.0 million and $51.7 million during the
years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The remaining principal amount due to us is payable in quarterly cash installments through the first quarter of 2016. Payments we receive
from the sale will be recognized as equity in (income) loss of non-consolidated affiliates in our combined statements of operations in the periods such payments are received. 

 The
change in other (income) expense, net, during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012 was primarily due to a decrease of
$5.2 million in foreign currency losses and a $2.8 million increase in gain on sale of property, plant and equipment. Foreign currency losses during the year ended December 31,
2013 and 2012 included translation losses of $4.3 million and $7.4 million, respectively, related to the functional currency remeasurement of our foreign subsidiaries' U.S. dollar
denominated intercompany obligations. 

 87 

 Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes (dollars in thousands) 

 Years Ended 
December 31, 

 Increase 
(Decrease) 

 2013 
 
 2012 

 Provision for income taxes 

$ 
 97,367 

$ 
 26,226 

 271 
 % 

 Effective tax rate 

 52.9 
 % 
 
 33.3 
 % 
 
 19.6 
 % 

 Our
effective tax rate is affected by recurring items, such as tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the relative amounts of income we earn, or losses we incur, in those jurisdictions.
It is also affected by discrete items that may occur in any given year but are not consistent from year to year. In addition to net state income taxes, the following items had the most significant
impact on the difference between our statutory U.S. federal income tax rate of 35.0% and our effective tax rate. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2013: 

 &#149; A $28.5 million (15.5%) increase resulting primarily from foreign withholding taxes and negative impacts of foreign currency
devaluations in Argentina. 
 &#149; A $22.8 million (12.4%) increase resulting from valuation allowances primarily recorded against deferred tax assets for net
operating losses of our subsidiaries in Brazil, Italy and the Netherlands. 
 &#149; A $16.4 million (8.9%) reduction resulting from claiming foreign taxes as credits primarily for foreign withholding taxes. The
foreign tax credits are available to offset future payments of U.S. federal income taxes. 
 &#149; A $6.7 million (3.6%) reduction due to $19.0 million of nontaxable proceeds from sale of joint venture assets in
Venezuela. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2012: 

 &#149; An $18.0 million (22.9%) reduction due to $51.7 million of nontaxable proceeds from sale of joint venture assets in
Venezuela. 
 &#149; A $9.9 million (12.6%) reduction resulting from claiming foreign taxes as credits primarily for foreign withholding taxes. The
foreign tax credits are available to offset future payments of U.S. federal income taxes. 
 &#149; A $14.6 million (18.6%) increase resulting primarily from foreign withholding
taxes. 
 &#149; A $14.6 million (18.6%) increase resulting from valuation allowances primarily recorded against deferred tax assets for net
operating losses of our subsidiaries in Brazil, Kazakhstan and the Netherlands. 

 Discontinued Operations (dollars in thousands) 

 Years Ended 
December 31, 

 Increase 
(Decrease) 

 2013 
 
 2012 

 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

$ 
 66,149 

$ 
 66,843 

 (1 
 )% 

 Income
from discontinued operations, net of tax, during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 includes our operations in Venezuela that were expropriated in June 2009,
including compensation for expropriation and costs associated with our arbitration proceeding, and results from our Canadian Operations. 

 88 

 Table of Contents 

 As
discussed in Note 3 to the Combined Financial Statements, in June 2009, PDVSA assumed control over substantially all of our assets and operations in Venezuela. In August 2012,
our Venezuelan
subsidiary sold its previously nationalized assets to PDVSA Gas for a purchase price of approximately $441.7 million. We received an initial payment of $176.7 million in cash at closing,
of which we remitted $50.0 million to repay the amount we collected in January 2010 under the terms of an insurance policy we maintained for the risk of expropriation. We received installment
payments, including an annual charge, totaling $69.3 million and $16.8 million during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The remaining principal amount due
to us is payable in quarterly cash installments through the third quarter of 2016. We have not recognized amounts payable to us by PDVSA Gas as a receivable and will therefore recognize quarterly
payments received in the future as income from discontinued operations in the periods such payments are received. We therefore recorded a reduction in previously unrecognized tax benefits, resulting
in a $15.5 million benefit reflected in income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax, in our combined statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2012. 

 In
June 2012, we committed to a plan to sell our Canadian Operations. In connection with the planned disposition, we recorded impairment charges totaling $6.4 million and
$80.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. As discussed in Note 3 to the Combined Financial Statements, in July 2013, we completed the sale of
our Canadian Operations. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 Our unrestricted cash balance was $51.5 million at March 31, 2015 compared to $39.4 million at December 31,
2014. Working capital increased to $544.3 million at March 31, 2015 from $481.6 million at December 31, 2014. The increase in working capital was primarily due to a
decrease in accrued liabilities, an increase in inventory, a decrease in accounts payable and an increase in cash, partially offset by a decrease in accounts receivable. The decrease in accrued
liabilities was primarily due to a decrease in accrued compensation benefits. The increase in inventory was primarily driven by an increase in work in progress in North America. The decrease in
accounts payable was primarily caused by the timing of payments to vendors in North America. The decrease in accounts receivable was primarily driven by the timing of payments received from customers
in North America and Mexico during the current year period. 

 Our
cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in the condensed combined statements of cash flows, are summarized in the table below
(in thousands): 

 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Net cash provided by (used in) continuing operations: 

 Operating activities 

$ 
 22,079 

$ 
 (6,237 
 ) 

 Investing activities 

 (31,943 
 ) 
 
 (13,756 
 ) 

 Financing activities 

 3,414 

 32,509 

 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

 (231 
 ) 
 
 (4,409 
 ) 

 Discontinued operations 

 18,770 

 17,708 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

$ 
 12,089 

$ 
 25,815 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Operating Activities. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities during the three months ended March 31, 2015
compared to the
three months ended March 31, 2014 was primarily due to lower current period increases in working capital. Working capital changes during the three months ended March 31, 2015 compared to
the three months ended March 31, 2014 were primarily driven by an increase of $12.3 million in costs and estimated earnings versus billings on uncompleted contracts 

 89 

 Table of Contents 

 during
the three months ended March 31, 2015 compared to a decrease of $44.3 million in costs and estimated earnings versus billings on uncompleted contracts during the three months
ended March 31, 2014. 

 Investing Activities. The increase in net cash used in investing activities during the three months ended March 31, 2015 compared
to the three
months ended March 31, 2014 was primarily attributable to a $14.1 million increase in capital expenditures and a $4.4 million decrease in proceeds from sale of property, plant and
equipment. 

 Financing Activities. The decrease in net cash provided by financing activities during the three months ended March 31, 2015
compared to the
three months ended March 31, 2014 was attributable to a $29.1 million decrease in net contributions from parent. The decrease in net contributions from parent was primarily due to an
increase in cash provided by operating activities during the three months ended March 31, 2015 as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2014. After the completion of the spin-off,
we do not expect to continue receiving contributions from parent. 

 Discontinued Operations. The increase in net cash provided by discontinued operations during the three months ended March 31, 2015
compared to
the three months ended March 31, 2014 was attributable to a $0.9 million increase in proceeds received from the sale of our Venezuelan subsidiary's assets to PDVSA Gas. 

 Our
unrestricted cash balance was $39.4 million at December 31, 2014 compared to $35.2 million at December 31, 2013. Working capital increased to
$481.6 million at December 31, 2014 from $372.2 million at December 31, 2013. The increase in working capital was primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable, a
decrease in accrued liabilities, a decrease in deferred revenue, an increase in current deferred income taxes and a decrease in billings on uncompleted contracts in excess of costs and estimated
earnings, partially offset an increase in accounts payable. The increase in accounts receivable was primarily due to increased activity on contract operations projects in Mexico in the current year
period and the timing of billings on product sales projects in North America and Singapore, partially offset by a payment received during the year ended December 31, 2014 relating to a rate
adjustment in Argentina that was outstanding as of December 31, 2013. The decrease in accrued liabilities was primarily due to a decrease in accrued income and other taxes. 

 Our
cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in the combined statements of cash flows, are summarized in the table below (in thousands): 

 Years Ended 
December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 

 Net cash provided by (used in) continuing operations: 

 Operating activities 

$ 
 145,098 

$ 
 164,420 

 Investing activities 

 (129,787 
 ) 
 
 (59,917 
 ) 

 Financing activities 

 (79,273 
 ) 
 
 (182,685 
 ) 

 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

 (3,925 
 ) 
 
 (1,487 
 ) 

 Discontinued operations 

 72,054 

 80,696 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

$ 
 4,167 

$ 
 1,027 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Operating Activities. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2014 compared
to the year
ended December 31, 2013 was primarily due to higher current period increases in working capital and a decrease in gross margin in our product sales segment, partially offset by an increase in
gross margin in our contract operations segment. 

 90 

 Table of Contents 

 Investing Activities. The increase in net cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the
year ended
December 31, 2013 was primarily attributable to a $57.7 million increase in capital expenditures and a $9.0 million decrease in proceeds from sale of property, plant and
equipment. 

 Financing Activities. The decrease in net cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to
the year ended
December 31, 2013 was attributable to a $103.4 million decrease in net distributions to parent. The decrease in net distributions to parent was primarily due to an increase in cash used
in investing activities and a decrease in cash provided by operating activities in the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2013. After the completion
of the spin-off, we do not expect to continue making distributions to parent. 

 Discontinued Operations. The decrease in net cash provided by discontinued operations during the year ended December 31, 2014
compared to year
ended December 31, 2013 was primarily attributable to proceeds of $12.3 million received from the sale of our Canadian Operations during the year ended
December 31, 2013, partially offset by a $3.3 million increase in proceeds received from the sale of our Venezuelan subsidiary's assets to PDVSA Gas in the current year. 

 Capital Requirements. Our contract operations business is capital intensive, requiring significant investment to maintain and upgrade
existing
operations. Our capital spending is primarily dependent on the demand for our contract operations services and the availability of the type of equipment required for us to render those contract
operations services to our customers. Our capital requirements have consisted primarily of, and we anticipate will continue to consist of, the following: 

 &#149; growth capital expenditures, which are made to expand or to replace partially or fully depreciated assets or to expand the operating
capacity or revenue generating capabilities of existing or new assets, whether through construction, acquisition or modification; and 
 &#149; maintenance capital expenditures, which are made to maintain the existing operating capacity of our assets and related cash flows
further extending the useful lives of the assets. 

 The
majority of our growth capital expenditures are related to the acquisition cost of new compressor units and processing and treating equipment that we add to our fleet and
installation costs on integrated projects. In addition, growth capital expenditures can also include the upgrading of major components on an existing compressor unit where the current configuration of
the compressor unit is no longer in demand and the compressor is not likely to return to an operating status without the capital expenditures. These latter expenditures substantially modify the
operating parameters of the compressor unit such that it can be used in applications for which it previously was not suited. Maintenance capital expenditures are related to major overhauls of
significant components of a compressor unit, such as the engine, compressor and cooler, that return the components to a like new condition, but do not modify the applications for which the compressor
unit was designed. 

 Growth
capital expenditures were $97.9 million, $36.5 million and $107.7 million during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The
increase in growth capital expenditures during the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 was primarily due to an increase in investment in new
compression equipment in Latin America and an increase in installation expenditures on integrated projects in Brazil and Mexico. The decrease in growth capital expenditures during the year ended
December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012 was primarily due to decreases in installation expenditures on integrated projects in the Eastern Hemisphere and
Latin America and a decrease in expenditures to upgrade major components on existing compressor units in Mexico. 

 Maintenance
capital expenditures were $24.4 million, $21.6 million and $22.5 million in the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
Maintenance capital expenditures remained 

 91 

 Table of Contents 

 relatively
flat primarily as a result of routine scheduled overhaul activities. We intend to grow our business both organically and through acquisitions. If we are successful in growing our business
in the future, we would expect our maintenance capital expenditures to increase over the long term. 

 We
generally invest funds necessary to fabricate contract operations fleet additions when our idle equipment cannot be reconfigured to economically fulfill a project's requirements and
the new equipment expenditure is expected to generate economic returns over its expected useful life that exceeds our targeted return on capital. We currently plan to spend approximately
$205 million to $235 million in capital expenditures during 2015, including (1) approximately $130 million to $150 million on contract operations growth capital
expenditures and (2) approximately $25 million to $35 million on equipment maintenance capital related to our contract operations business. 

 Historically, we have financed capital expenditures primarily with net cash provided by operating activities. Our ability to access the capital markets may be restricted at a time when
we would like, or need, to do so, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to maintain our operations and to grow. Inability to borrow additional amounts from capital markets could limit our
ability to fund our future growth and operations. Based on current market conditions, we expect that net cash provided by operating activities and borrowings available under our new credit facility
will be sufficient to finance our operating expenditures and capital expenditures through December 31, 2015; however, to the extent it is not, we may seek additional debt financing. In
connection with the spin-off, we expect to incur approximately $ million in indebtedness in the form of newly issued debt securities, the entry into a new credit facility and the
other debt arrangements. At or prior to the spin-off, we intend to transfer $ million of the proceeds from these debt arrangements to Exterran Holdings to allow Exterran Holdings
to repay certain of its existing indebtedness. Immediately after the transfer to Exterran Holdings, we expect to have available borrowing capacity of $ million under our credit
facility.

 Of
our unrestricted cash balance at March 31, 2015 of $51.5 million, $49.2 million was held by our foreign subsidiaries. We have not provided for U.S. federal income
taxes on indefinitely (or permanently) reinvested cumulative earnings of approximately $662.7 million generated by our non-U.S. subsidiaries. Those earnings are from ongoing operations and will
be used to fund international growth. In the event of a distribution of those earnings to the U.S. in the form of dividends, we may be subject to both foreign withholding taxes and U.S. federal income
taxes net of allowable foreign tax credits. We do not
believe that the cash held by our foreign subsidiaries has an adverse impact on our liquidity because we expect that the cash we generate in the U.S. and the anticipated available borrowing capacity
under our credit facility, as well as the repayment of intercompany liabilities from our foreign subsidiaries, will be sufficient to fund the cash needs of our U.S. operations for the foreseeable
future. 

 Argentina's
current regulations restrict foreign exchange, including exchanging Argentine pesos for U.S. dollars in certain cases, and we are unable to freely repatriate cash from
Argentina. Therefore, the cash flow from our operations in Argentina may not be a reliable source of funding for our operations outside of Argentina, which could limit our ability to grow.
Restrictions on our ability to exchange Argentine pesos for U.S. dollars subject us to risk of currency devaluation on future earnings in Argentina. During 2014, we used Argentine pesos to purchase
certain short-term investments in Argentine government issued U.S. dollar denominated bonds. The effective peso to U.S. dollar exchange rate embedded in the purchase price of $24.3 million of
bonds resulted in our recognition of a loss during the year ended December 31, 2014 of $6.5 million, which is included in other (income) expense, net, in our combined statements of
operations. In future periods, we may seek to use Argentine pesos to purchase certain short-term investments in Argentine government issued U.S. dollar denominated bonds, which may result in
transaction losses due to the effective peso to U.S. dollar exchange rate embedded in the purchase price of such bonds. As of March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, $23.1 million
and $16.0 million, respectively, of our cash was in Argentina. 

 92 

 Table of Contents 

 Debt Arrangements. In connection with the spin-off, we anticipate that we, or one of our expected wholly owned subsidiaries, will issue
debt
securities and enter into a credit facility and other financing arrangements in an amount sufficient to allow Archrock to repay its outstanding debt in whole or in part.

 Contractual Obligations. The following table summarizes our cash contractual obligations as of December 31, 2014 and the effect
such
obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods (in thousands): 

 Total 
 
 2015 
 
 2016 - 2017 
 
 2018 - 2019 
 
 Thereafter 

 Purchase commitments 

$ 
 506,394 

$ 
 505,878 

$ 
 516 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

 Capital leases 

 1,107 

 &#151; 

 463 

 468 

 176 

 Facilities and other operating leases 

 39,477 

 8,402 

 10,993 

 4,777 

 15,305 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total contractual obligations 

$ 
 546,978 

$ 
 514,280 

$ 
 11,972 

$ 
 5,245 

$ 
 15,481 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 At
December 31, 2014, $8.4 million of unrecognized tax benefits (including discontinued operations) have been recorded as liabilities in accordance with the accounting
standard for income taxes related to uncertain tax positions and we are uncertain as to if or when such amounts may be settled. Related to these unrecognized tax benefits, we have also recorded a
liability for potential penalties and interest (including discontinued operations) of $3.2 million. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 Borrowings under Exterran Holdings' $900.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility due in July 2016 are guaranteed by
certain of our and Exterran Holdings' domestic subsidiaries. Our guarantees of borrowings under the existing credit facility are secured by substantially all of the personal property assets and
certain real property assets of our Significant Domestic Subsidiaries (as defined in the credit agreement) and 65% of the equity interests in certain of our first-tier foreign subsidiaries. As of
March 31, 2015, Exterran Holdings had $454.7 million in outstanding borrowings under the existing credit facility.

 All of our existing subsidiaries that guarantee indebtedness under the existing credit facility also guarantee Exterran Holdings' $350.0 million aggregate principal amount of
7.25% senior notes due December 2018 (the "7.25% Notes"). Our guarantees of the 7.25% Notes are on a senior unsecured basis, rank equally in right of payment with all of Exterran Holdings' other
senior obligations and are effectively subordinated to all of Exterran Holdings' existing and future secured debt to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness. As of
March 31, 2015, Exterran Holdings had $350.0 million in outstanding borrowings under the 7.25% Notes. We are liable in the event Exterran Holdings defaults in its payment obligations or
fails to comply with the covenants under the debt agreements or upon the occurrence of specified events contained in the debt agreements, including the event of bankruptcy or insolvency of Exterran
Holdings. As of March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, no liabilities relating to such guarantees have been reflected in our combined balance sheets. We expect to be released from our
obligations under such guarantees prior to or at the completion of the spin-off.

Effects of Inflation 

 Our revenues and results of operations have not been materially impacted by inflation in the past three fiscal years. 

 93 

 Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

 This discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon the Combined Financial Statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and accounting policies, including those related to bad debt,
inventories, fixed assets, investments, intangible assets, income taxes, revenue recognition and contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on other assumptions
that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. The results of this process form the basis of our judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions, and these differences can be material to our financial condition, results of operations
and liquidity. We describe our significant accounting policies more fully in Note 2 to our Combined Financial Statements. 

Allowances and Reserves 

 We maintain allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required
payments. The determination of the collectability of amounts due from our customers requires us to use estimates and make judgments regarding future events and trends, including monitoring our
customers' payment history and current creditworthiness to determine that collectability is reasonably assured, as well as consideration of the
overall business climate in which our customers operate. Inherently, these uncertainties require us to make judgments and estimates regarding our customers' ability to pay amounts due to us in order
to determine the appropriate amount of valuation allowances required for doubtful accounts. We review the adequacy of our allowance for doubtful accounts quarterly. We determine the allowance needed
based on historical write-off experience and by evaluating significant balances aged greater than 90 days individually for collectability. Account balances are charged off against the allowance
after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. During the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we recorded bad debt expense of
$0.6 million, $2.3 million and $7.6 million, respectively. During the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, we recorded bad debt expense of $0.3 million and
$0.7 million, respectively. A five percent change in the allowance for doubtful accounts would have had an impact on income before income taxes of approximately $0.1 million during the
three months ended March 31, 2015. 

 Inventory
is a significant component of current assets and is stated at the lower of cost or market. This requires us to record provisions and maintain reserves for excess, slow moving
and obsolete inventory. To determine these reserve amounts, we regularly review inventory quantities on hand and compare them to estimates of future product demand, market conditions and production
requirements. These estimates and forecasts inherently include uncertainties and require us to make judgments regarding potential outcomes. During 2014, 2013 and 2012, we recorded $3.2 million,
$0.6 million and $0.6 million, respectively, in inventory write-downs and reserves for inventory which was obsolete, excess or carried at a price above market value. During the three
months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, we recorded $1.4 million and less than $0.1 million, respectively, in inventory write-downs and reserves for inventory which was obsolete,
excess or carried at a price above market value. Significant or unanticipated changes to our estimates and forecasts could impact the amount and timing of any additional provisions for excess or
obsolete inventory that may be required. A five percent change in this inventory reserve balance would have had an impact on income before income taxes of approximately $0.5 million during the
three months ended March 31, 2015. 

 94 

 Table of Contents 

Depreciation 

 Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost. Depreciation for financial reporting purposes is computed on the straight-line basis
using estimated useful lives and salvage values, including idle assets in our active fleet. The assumptions and judgments we use in determining the estimated useful lives and salvage values of our
property, plant and equipment reflect both historical experience and expectations regarding future use of our assets. The use of different estimates, assumptions and judgments in the establishment of
property, plant and equipment accounting policies, especially those involving their useful lives, would likely result in significantly different net book values of our assets and results of
operations.

Long-Lived Assets 

 We review long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and identifiable intangibles that are being amortized, for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances, including the removal of compressor units from our active fleet, indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
Compressor units in our active fleet that are idle as of March 31, 2015 comprise approximately 279,000 horsepower with a net book value of approximately $80.2 million. The determination
that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable requires us to make judgments regarding long-term forecasts of future revenue and costs related to the assets subject to review.
Specifically for idle compression units that are removed from the active fleet and that will be sold to third-parties as working compression units, significant assumptions include forecasted sale
prices based on future market conditions and demand, forecasted cost to maintain the assets until sold and the forecasted length of time necessary to sell the assets. These forecasts are uncertain as
they require significant assumptions about future market conditions. Significant and unanticipated changes to these assumptions could require a provision for impairment in a future period. Given the
nature of these evaluations and their application to specific assets and specific times, it is not possible to reasonably quantify the impact of changes in these assumptions. An impairment loss exists
when estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition are less than its carrying amount. When necessary, an impairment loss is recognized and
represents the excess of the asset's carrying value as compared to its estimated fair value and is charged to the period in which the impairment occurred.

Income Taxes 

 Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management's best
assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. We operate in approximately 30 countries and, as a result, are subject to income taxes in both the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions.
In preparing our combined financial statements, we have determined our tax provision on a separate return, stand-alone basis. In the U.S., our operations have been historically included in Exterran
Holdings' income tax returns. Differences between Exterran Holdings' U.S. separate income tax returns and cash flows attributable to income taxes for our U.S. operations have been recognized as
distributions to, or contributions from, parent within parent equity. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining combined income tax expense.

 Deferred
income taxes arise from temporary differences between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax
assets within the jurisdiction from which they arise, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable
income, tax-planning strategies,
and results of recent operations. In projecting future taxable income, we begin with historical results adjusted for the results of discontinued operations and changes in accounting policies and
incorporate assumptions including the amount of future U.S. federal, state and foreign pretax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and prudent
tax-planning 

 95 

 Table of Contents 

 strategies.
These assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying
businesses. In evaluating the objective evidence that historical results provide, we consider three years of cumulative operating income (loss). 

 Changes
in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. Management is not aware of any such changes that would have a material effect
on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and
regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. 

 The
accounting standard for income taxes provides that a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained
upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, on the basis of the technical merits. In addition, guidance is provided on measurement, derecognition,
classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. We adjust these liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information
not previously available. Because of the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax
liabilities. These differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which new information is available. 

 We
consider the earnings of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries to be indefinitely invested outside the U.S. on the basis of estimates that future domestic cash generation will be sufficient
to meet future domestic cash needs. We have not recorded a deferred tax liability related to these unremitted foreign earnings as it is not practicable to estimate the amount of unrecognized deferred
tax liabilities. Should we decide to repatriate any unremitted foreign earnings, we would have to adjust the income tax provision in the period we determined that such earnings will no longer be
indefinitely invested outside the U.S. 

Revenue Recognition&#151;Percentage-of-Completion Accounting 

 We recognize revenue and profit for our product sales operations as work progresses on long-term contracts using the
percentage-of-completion method when the applicable criteria are met, which relies on estimates of total expected contract revenue and costs. We follow this method because reasonably dependable
estimates of the revenue and costs applicable to various stages of a contract can be made and because the product sales projects usually last several months. Recognized revenues and profit are subject
to revisions as the contract progresses to completion. Revisions in profit estimates are charged to income in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. The typical
duration of these projects is three to 24 months. Due to the long-term nature of some of our jobs, developing the estimates of cost often requires significant judgment. 

 We
estimate percentage-of-completion for compressor and accessory product sales on a direct labor hour to total labor hour basis. This calculation requires management to estimate the
number of total labor hours required for each project and to estimate the profit expected on the project. Production and processing equipment product sales percentage-of-completion is estimated using
the direct labor hour to total labor hour basis and the cost to total cost basis. The cost to total cost basis requires us to estimate the amount of total costs (labor and materials) required to
complete each project. Because we have many product sales projects in process at any given time, we do not believe that materially different results would be achieved if different estimates,
assumptions or conditions were used for any single project. 

 Factors
that must be considered in estimating the work to be completed and ultimate profit include labor productivity and availability, the nature and complexity of work to be performed,
the 

 96 

 Table of Contents 

 impact
of change orders, availability of raw materials and the impact of delayed performance. If the aggregate combined cost estimates for uncompleted contracts that are recognized using the
percentage-of-completion method in our product sales businesses had been higher or lower by 1% during the three months ended March 31, 2015 and the year ended December 31, 2014, our
income before income taxes would have decreased or increased by approximately $7.5 million and $8.1 million, respectively. As of March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, we
had recognized approximately $121.7 million and $134.6 million, respectively, in estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts. 

Contingencies and Litigation 

 We are substantially self-insured for workers' compensation, employer's liability, property, auto liability, general liability and
employee group health claims in view of the relatively high per-incident deductibles we absorb under our insurance arrangements for these risks. In addition, we currently have a minimal amount of
insurance on our offshore assets. Losses up to deductible amounts are estimated and accrued based upon known facts, historical trends and industry averages. We review these estimates quarterly and
believe such accruals to be adequate. However, insurance liabilities are difficult to estimate due to unknown factors, including the severity of an injury, the determination of our liability in
proportion to other parties, the timeliness of reporting of occurrences, ongoing treatment or loss mitigation, general trends in litigation recovery outcomes and the effectiveness of safety and risk
management programs. Therefore, if our actual experience differs from the assumptions and estimates used for recording the liabilities, adjustments may be required and would be recorded in the period
in which the difference becomes known. As of March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, we had recorded approximately $2.7 million in insurance claim reserves. 

 In
the ordinary course of business, we are involved in various pending or threatened legal actions. While we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of these actions, the accounting
standard for contingencies requires management to make judgments about future events that are inherently uncertain. We are required to record (and have recorded) a loss during any period in which we
believe a contingency is probable and can be reasonably estimated. In making determinations of likely outcomes of pending or threatened legal matters, we consider the evaluation of counsel
knowledgeable about each matter. 

 The
impact of an uncertain tax position taken or expected to be taken on an income tax return must be recognized in the financial statements at the largest amount that is more likely
than not to be sustained upon examination by the relevant taxing authority. We regularly assess and, if required, establish accruals for income tax as well as non-income tax contingencies pursuant to
the applicable accounting standards that could result from assessments of additional tax by taxing jurisdictions in countries where we operate. Tax contingencies are subject to a significant amount of
judgment and are reviewed and adjusted on a quarterly basis in light of changing facts and circumstances considering the outcome expected by management. As of March 31, 2015 and
December 31, 2014, we had recorded approximately $11.9 million and $13.0 million, respectively, of accruals for tax contingencies (including penalties and interest and
discontinued operations). Of these amounts, $10.5 million and $11.6 million, respectively, are accrued for income taxes and $1.4 million are accrued for non-income based taxes. If
our actual experience differs from the assumptions and estimates used for recording the liabilities, adjustments may be required and would be recorded in the period in which the difference becomes
known. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 See Note 17 to the Combined Financial Statements. 

 97 

 Table of Contents 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 We are exposed to market risks primarily associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We have significant international
operations. The net assets and liabilities of these operations are exposed to changes in currency exchange rates. These operations may also have net assets and liabilities not denominated in their
functional currency, which exposes us to changes in foreign currency exchange rates that impact income. We recorded a foreign currency loss in our condensed combined statements of operations of
$10.0 million and $0.6 million during the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Our foreign currency gains and losses are primarily due to exchange rate
fluctuations related to monetary asset balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currency, including foreign currency exchange rate changes recorded on intercompany obligations.
Changes in exchange rates may create gains or losses in future periods to the extent we maintain net assets and liabilities not denominated in the functional currency. 

 Argentina's
current regulations restrict foreign exchange, including exchanging Argentine pesos for U.S. dollars in certain cases, and we are unable to freely repatriate cash from
Argentina. Therefore, the cash flow from our operations in Argentina may not be a reliable source of funding for our operations outside of Argentina, which could limit our ability to grow.
Restrictions on our ability to exchange Argentine pesos for U.S. dollars subject us to risk of currency devaluation on future earnings in Argentina. During 2014, we used Argentine pesos to purchase
certain short-term investments in Argentine government issued U.S. dollar denominated bonds. The effective peso to U.S. dollar exchange rate embedded in the purchase price of $24.3 million of
bonds resulted in our recognition of a loss during the year ended December 31, 2014 of $6.5 million, which is included in other (income) expense, net, in our combined statements of
operations. In future periods, we may seek to use Argentine pesos to purchase certain short-term investments in Argentine government issued U.S. dollar denominated bonds, which may result in
transaction losses due to the effective peso to U.S. dollar exchange rate embedded in the purchase price of such bonds. As of March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, $23.1 million
and $16.0 million, respectively, of our cash was in Argentina. 

 98 

 Table of Contents 

 BUSINESS 

Our Company 

 We are currently a wholly owned subsidiary of Exterran Holdings, Inc. In connection with the spin-off, Exterran Holdings, Inc. will
change its name to "Archrock, Inc." Following the completion of our spin-off from Exterran Holdings, we will be an independent, publicly traded company operating under the name "Exterran Corporation,"
and we will own the assets and liabilities associated with Exterran Holdings' international services and global fabrication businesses. We refer to the global fabrication business currently operated
by Exterran Holdings as our product sales business. Archrock will not retain any ownership interest in our company.

 We
are a market leader in the provision of compression, production and processing products and services that support the production and transportation of oil and natural gas throughout
the world. We provide these products and services to a global customer base consisting of companies engaged in all aspects of the oil and natural gas industry, including large integrated oil and
natural gas companies, national oil and natural gas companies, independent oil and natural gas producers and oil and natural gas processors, gatherers and pipeline operators. We report our results of
operations in the following three reporting business segments: contract operations, aftermarket services and product sales. 

 In
our contract operations business, which accounted for 23% of our revenue and 52% of our gross margin in 2014, we own and operate natural gas compression equipment and crude oil and
natural gas production and processing equipment on behalf of our customers outside of the United States. These services can include engineering, design, procurement, on-site construction and operation
of natural gas compression and crude oil or natural gas production and processing facilities for our customers. Our contract operations business is underpinned by long-term commercial contracts with
large customers, including several national oil and natural gas companies, which we believe provides us with relatively stable cash flows due to our exposure to the production phase of oil and gas
development, compared to drilling and completion related energy services and product providers. We believe our contract operations services generally allow our customers that outsource their
compression or production and processing needs to achieve higher production rates than they would achieve with their own operations, resulting in increased revenue for our customers. In addition,
outsourcing allows our customers flexibility for their compression and production and processing needs while limiting their capital requirements. These contracts generally involve initial terms
ranging from three to five years, and in some cases in excess of 10 years. In many instances, we are able to renew those contracts prior to the expiration of the initial term; in some cases, we
may sell the underlying assets to our customers pursuant to purchase options. 

 In
our aftermarket services business, which accounted for 7% of our revenue and 7% of our gross margin in 2014, we provide operations, maintenance, overhaul and reconfiguration services
outside of the United States to support our customers who own their own compression, production, processing, treating and related equipment. Our services range from routine maintenance services and
parts sales to the full operation and maintenance of customer-owned assets. We both seek to couple aftermarket services with our product sales business to provide ongoing services to customers who buy
equipment from us and to sell those services to customers who have bought equipment from other companies. 

 In
our product sales business, which accounted for approximately 70% of our revenue and 41% of our gross margin in 2014, we design, engineer, manufacture, install and sell natural gas
compression packages as well as equipment used in the production, treating and processing of crude oil and natural gas to customers both in the United States and internationally. We also design,
engineer, manufacture and install this equipment for use in our contract operations business. In addition, we combine our products into an integrated solution that we design, engineer, procure and, in
certain cases, construct on-site for sale to our customers. We believe the expansive range of products we sell through our global platform enables us to take advantage of the ongoing, worldwide energy
infrastructure build-out. 

 99 

 Table of Contents 

Competitive Strengths 

 We believe the following key competitive strengths will allow us to create shareholder value: 

 Global platform and expansive service and product offerings poised to capitalize on the global energy infrastructure build-out. Despite the recent
decline in oil and natural gas prices and the potential adverse, short-term impact on demand for our services and products, we expect that global oil and natural gas infrastructure will continue to be
built out and provide us with opportunities for growth as we believe our international customer base continues to focus on longer-term fundamentals that are less tied to near-term commodity prices. We
believe our size, geographic scope and broad customer base provide us with a unique advantage in meeting our customers' needs, particularly with regard to large-scale project construction and
development, which will allow us to capture those growth opportunities. We provide our customers a broad variety of products and services in approximately 30 countries worldwide, including outsourced
compression, production and processing services, as well as the sale of a large portfolio of natural gas compression and oil and natural gas production and processing equipment and installation
services. We believe our contract operations services generally allow our customers that outsource their compression or production and processing needs to achieve higher production rates than they
would achieve with their own operations, resulting in increased revenue for our customers. In addition, outsourcing allows our customers flexibility for their compression and production and processing
needs while limiting their capital requirements. By offering a broad range of services and products that leverage our core strengths, we believe we provide unique integrated solutions that meet our
customers' needs. We believe the breadth and quality of our products and services, the depth of our customer relationships and our presence in many major oil and natural gas-producing regions place us
in a position to capture additional business on a global basis. 

 High-quality products and services. We have built a network of high-quality energy infrastructure assets that are strategically
deployed across our
global platform. Through our history of operating a wide variety of products in many energy-producing markets around the world, we have developed the technical expertise and experience required to
understand the needs of our customers and meet those needs through a range of products and services. These products and services include both highly customized compression, production and processing
solutions as well as standard products based on our expertise, in support of a range of projects, from those requiring quick completion to those that may take several years to fully develop.
Additionally, this experience has allowed us to develop efficient
systems and processes and a skilled workforce that allow us to provide high-quality services throughout international markets. We utilize this technical expertise and long history of developing and
operating projects for our customers to continually improve our products and services, which enables us to provide our customers with high-quality, comprehensive oil and natural gas infrastructure
support worldwide. 

 Complementary businesses enable us to offer customers integrated infrastructure solutions. We aim to provide our customers with a
single source to
meet their energy infrastructure needs, and we believe we have the ability to serve our customers' changing needs in a variety of ways. For customers that seek to limit capital spending on energy
infrastructure projects, we offer our full operations services through our contract operations business. Alternatively, for customers that prefer to develop and acquire their own infrastructure
assets, we are able to sell equipment and facilities for their operation. In addition, in those cases, we can also provide operations, maintenance, overhaul and reconfiguration services following the
sale through our aftermarket services business. Finally, we also provide aftermarket services to customers that own compression, production, processing and treating equipment that was not purchased
from us. Because of the breadth of our products and our ability to deliver those products through our different delivery models, we believe we are able to provide the solution that is most suitable to
our customers in the markets in which they operate. We believe this ability to provide 

 100 

 Table of Contents 

 our
customers with a variety of products and services provides us with greater stability, as we are able to adjust the products and services we provide to reflect our customers' changing needs. 

 Cash flows from contract operations business supported by long-term contracts with diverse customer base. We provide contract
operations services to
customers located in approximately 15 countries. Within our contract operations business, we seek to enter into long-term contracts with a diverse collection of customers, including large integrated
oil and natural gas companies and national energy companies. These contracts generally involve initial terms ranging from three to five years, and in some cases can be in excess of 10 years,
and typically require our customers to pay our monthly service fee even during periods of limited or disrupted natural gas flows. In addition, our large, international customer base provides a
diversified revenue stream, which we believe reduces customer and geographic concentration risk. Furthermore, our customer base includes several companies that are among the largest and most
well-known companies within their respective regions throughout our global platform. 

 Experienced management team. We have an experienced and skilled management team with a long track
record of driving growth through organic expansion and selective acquisitions. The members of our management team have strong relationships in the oil and gas industry and have operated through
numerous commodity price cycles throughout our areas of operations. Members of our management team have spent a significant portion of their respective careers at highly regarded energy and
manufacturing companies, such as Exterran Holdings, and have accumulated an average of over 25 years of industry experience.

 Well-balanced capital structure with sufficient liquidity. We intend to maintain a capital structure with an appropriate amount
of leverage and the
financial flexibility to invest in our operations and pursue attractive growth opportunities that we believe will increase the overall earnings and cash flow generated by our business. As of
March 31, 2015, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the spin-off, we would have had access to $ million of available borrowings under our debt agreements. In addition, as
of March 31, 2015, we would have had approximately $51.5 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand on a pro forma basis. 

Business Strategies 

 We intend to continue to capitalize on our competitive strengths to meet our customers' needs through the following key strategies: 

 Strategically grow our business to generate attractive returns to our shareholders. Our primary strategic focus involves the
growth of our business
through expanding our product and services offerings and growing our customer base, as well as targeting redevelopment opportunities in the U.S. energy market and expansions into new international
markets benefiting from the global energy infrastructure build-out. Our diverse product and service portfolio allows us to readily respond to changes in industry and economic conditions. We believe
our global footprint allows us to provide the prompt product availability our customers require, and we can construct projects in new locations as needed to meet customer demand. We have the ability
to readily deploy our capital to construct new or supplemental projects that we build, own and operate on behalf of our customers through our contract operations business. In addition, we seek to
provide our customers with integrated infrastructure solutions by combining product and service offerings across our businesses. As an independent company, we plan to supplement our organic growth
with select acquisitions in key markets to further enhance our geographic reach, product offerings and other capabilities. We believe acquisitions of this nature will allow us to generate incremental
revenues from existing and new customers and obtain greater market share. 

 101 

 Table of Contents 

 Expand customer base and deepen relationships with existing customers. We believe the uniquely broad range of services we offer,
the quality of our
products and services and our diverse geographic footprint positions us well to attract new customers and cross-sell our products and services to existing customers. In addition, we have a long
history of providing the products and services we offer to our customers, which we couple with the technical expertise of our experienced engineering personnel to understand and meet our customers'
needs, particularly as those needs develop and change over time. We intend to devote significant business development resources to market our products and services, leverage existing relationships and
expedite our growth potential. We also seek to provide supplemental projects and services to our customers as their needs evolve over time. Finally, we expect to be able to offer certain of our
products, including fabricated compressors, to prospective customers that are competitors of Archrock, which increases our prospective customer base and provides us with the opportunity to diversify
our revenue sources.

 Continue our industry-leading safety performance. Because of our emphasis on training and safety protocols for our employees, we
have delivered
industry-leading safety performance, which has resulted in our achieving a strong reputation for safety. We believe this safety performance and reputation helps us to attract and retain customers and
employees. We have adopted rigorous processes and procedures to facilitate our compliance with safety regulations and policies. We work diligently to meet or exceed applicable safety regulations, and
we intend to continue to focus on our safety monitoring function as our business grows and operating conditions change. 

 Continue to optimize our global platform, products and services and enhance our profitability. We regularly review and evaluate
the quality of our
operations, products and services. This process includes customer review programs to assess the quality of our performance. In addition, we intend to use our global platform to reach a wide variety of
customers, which we believe can enable us to achieve cost savings in our operations. We believe our ongoing focus on improving the quality of our operations, products and services results in greater
satisfaction among our customers, which we believe results in greater profitability and value for our shareholders. 

Our Businesses 

 We conduct our operations through three businesses: contract operations, aftermarket services and product sales. For financial data
relating to our business segments or geographic regions that accounted for 10% or more of combined revenue in any of the last three fiscal years or 10% or more of combined property, plant and
equipment, net, as of December 31, 2014 or December 31, 2013, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Note 18 to our
combined financial statements. 

Contract Operations 

 We provide comprehensive contract operations services to customers outside of the United States based on each customer's needs and
operating specifications. These services include the provision of the personnel, equipment, tools, materials and supplies to meet our customers' natural gas compression or oil or natural gas
production or processing service needs, as well as designing, sourcing, owning, installing, operating, servicing, repairing and maintaining equipment owned by us necessary to provide these services. 

 We
generally enter into contracts with our contract operations customers with initial terms between three to five years, and in some cases can be in excess of 10 years. These contracts
can require us to provide complete engineering, design and installation services and a significant investment in equipment, facilities and related installation costs. These projects may include
several compressor units on one site or entire facilities designed to process and treat oil or natural gas to make it suitable for end use. Our customers generally are required to pay a monthly
service fee even during periods of 

 102 

 Table of Contents 

 limited
or disrupted oil or natural gas flows, which enhances the stability and predictability of our cash flows. Additionally, because we typically do not take title to the natural gas we compress,
process or treat and because the natural gas we use as fuel for our compressors and other equipment is supplied by our customers, we have limited direct exposure to commodity price fluctuations. 

 Our
equipment is maintained in accordance with established maintenance schedules. These maintenance procedures are updated as technology changes and as our operations team develops new
techniques and procedures. In addition, because our field technicians provide maintenance on our contract operations equipment, they are familiar with the condition of our equipment and can readily
identify potential problems. In our experience, these maintenance procedures maximize equipment life and unit availability, minimize avoidable downtime and lower the overall maintenance expenditures
over the equipment life. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2014, approximately 23% of our revenue and 52% of our gross margin was generated from contract operations. As of December 31, 2014, our
contract operations business provided contract operations services using a fleet of 986 natural gas compression units with an aggregate capacity of approximately 1,236,000 horsepower and a fleet of
production and processing equipment. 

 We
believe that our aftermarket services and product sales businesses, described below, provide opportunities to cross-sell our contract operations services. 

Aftermarket Services 

 Our aftermarket services business sells parts and components and provides operation, maintenance, overhaul and reconfiguration services
to customers outside of the United States who own compression, production, processing and treating equipment. We believe that we are particularly well qualified to provide these services because of
our highly experienced operating personnel and technical and engineering expertise. In addition, our aftermarket services business is a component of our ability to provide integrated infrastructure
solutions to our customers because it enables us to continue to serve our customers after the sale of any assets or facilities manufactured through our product sales business. As a result, we seek to
couple aftermarket services with our other businesses to maintain and develop our relationships with our customers. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2014, approximately 7% of our revenue and 7% of our gross margin was generated from aftermarket services. 

Product Sales 

 We design, engineer, fabricate, sell and, in certain cases, install a broad range of oil and natural gas production and processing
equipment designed to heat, separate, dehydrate and condition crude oil and natural gas to make them suitable for end use. Our products include line heaters, oil and natural gas separators, glycol
dehydration units, condensate stabilizers, dewpoint control plants, water treatment, mechanical refrigeration and cryogenic plants and skid-mounted production packages designed for both onshore and
offshore production facilities. We sell standard production and processing equipment, which is used for processing wellhead production from onshore or shallow-water offshore platform production
primarily into U.S. markets. In addition, we sell custom-engineered, built-to-specification production and processing equipment, including designing facilities comprised of a combination of our
products integrated into a solution that meets our customers' needs. Some of these projects are in remote areas and in developing countries with limited oil and natural gas industry infrastructure. To
meet most customers' rapid response requirements and minimize customer downtime, we maintain an inventory of standard products and long delivery components used to manufacture our products to our
customers' specifications. Typically, we expect our production and processing equipment backlog to be produced within a three to 24 month period. 

 103 

 Table of Contents 

 We
also design, engineer, fabricate, sell and, in certain cases, install, skid-mounted natural gas compression equipment to meet standard or unique customer specifications. Generally, we
assemble compressors sold to third parties according to each customer's specifications. We purchase components for these compressors from third party suppliers including several major engine and
compressor manufacturers in the industry. We also sell pre-packaged compressor units designed to our standard specifications. 

 We
also provide engineering, procurement and fabrication services related to the manufacturing of critical process equipment for refinery and petrochemical facilities, the fabrication of
tank farms and the fabrication of evaporators and brine heaters for desalination plants. 

 We
sell our compression and production and processing equipment primarily to major and independent oil and natural gas producers as well as national oil and natural gas companies in the
countries where we operate, both within the United States and internationally. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2014, approximately 70% of our revenue and 41% of our gross margin was generated from product sales. As of December 31, 2014, our backlog
in product sales was $953.2 million and $59.4 million of future revenue related to our product sales backlog was expected to be recognized after December 31, 2015. 

Industry Overview 

Natural Gas Compression 

 The international compression business is comprised primarily of large horsepower compressors that are typically deployed in facilities
comprised of several compressors on one site. A significant portion of this business involves comprehensive projects that require the design, engineering, fabrication, delivery and installation of
several compressors on one site along with related natural gas treatment and processing equipment. We are able to serve our customers' needs for such projects through our product sales business or
through the provision of our contract operations services. 

 Natural
gas compression is a mechanical process whereby the pressure of a given volume of natural gas is increased to a desired higher pressure for transportation from one point to
another and is essential to the production and transportation of natural gas. Compression is typically required several times during the natural gas production and transportation cycle, including
(i) at the wellhead, (ii) throughout gathering and distribution systems, (iii) into and out of processing and storage facilities and (iv) along pipelines. 

Production and Processing 

 Crude oil and natural gas are generally not marketable as produced at the wellhead and must be processed or treated before they can be
transported to market. Production and processing equipment is used to separate and treat oil and natural gas as it is produced to achieve a marketable quality of product. Production processing
typically involves the separation of oil and natural
gas and the removal of contaminants. The end result is "pipeline" or "sales" quality oil and natural gas. Further processing or refining is almost always required before oil or natural gas is suitable
for use as fuel or feedstock for petrochemical production. Production processing normally takes place in the "upstream" and "midstream" segments, while refining and petrochemical processing is
referred to as the "downstream" segment. Wellhead or upstream production and processing equipment include a wide and diverse range of products. 

 We
manufacture and stock standard production equipment based on historical product mix and expected customer purchases following general trends of oil and natural gas production. In
addition, we sell custom-engineered, built-to-specification production and processing equipment. We also provide integrated solutions comprised of a combination of our products into a single offering,
which typically 

 104 

 Table of Contents 

 consists
of much larger equipment packages than standard equipment, and is generally used in much larger scale production operations. The custom equipment segment is driven by global economic trends,
and the specifications for purchased equipment can vary significantly. Technology, engineering capabilities, project management, available manufacturing space and quality control standards are the key
drivers in the custom equipment segment. 

Outsourcing 

 Natural gas producers, transporters and processors choose to outsource their operations due to the benefits and flexibility of contract
operations. We believe outsourcing compression, production and processing operations to outsourced service providers such as us offers customers: 

 &#149; access to the outsourced service provider's specialized personnel and technical skills, including engineers and field service and
maintenance employees, which we believe generally leads to improved production rates and/or increased throughput and higher revenues; 
 &#149; the ability to increase their profitability by transporting or producing a higher volume of natural gas through decreased equipment
downtime and reduced operating, maintenance and equipment costs by allowing the outsourced service provider to efficiently manage their operations; and 
 &#149; the flexibility to deploy their capital on projects more directly related to their primary business by reducing their investment in
compression, production and processing equipment and their maintenance capital requirements. 

Cyclicality, Volatility and Seasonality 

 Changes in oil and natural gas exploration and production spending normally results in changes in demand for our products and services;
however, we believe our contract operations business is typically less impacted by commodity prices than certain other energy service products and services because compression, production and
processing services are necessary for natural gas and oil to be delivered from the wellhead to end users; and our contract operations businesses are tied primarily to natural gas and oil production
and consumption, which are generally less cyclical in nature than exploration activities. 

 Demand
for oil and natural gas is cyclical and subject to fluctuations. This is primarily because the industry is driven by commodity demand and corresponding price increases. When oil
and natural gas price increases occur, producers typically increase their capital expenditures, which generally results in greater activity levels and revenues for equipment providers to the oil and
gas industry. 

 Our
results of operations have not historically reflected any material seasonal tendencies and we currently do not believe that seasonal fluctuations will have a material impact on us in
the foreseeable future. 

Markets, Customers and Competition 

 Our global customer base consists primarily of companies engaged in all aspects of the oil and natural gas industry, including large
integrated oil and natural gas companies, national energy companies, independent producers and natural gas processors, gatherers and pipeline operators. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2014, Exterran Holdings accounted for approximately 11% of our total revenues. Following the spin-off, we will provide Archrock with certain
fabricated products, including compressors, and we will depend on Archrock for a significant amount of our product sales revenue. The loss of our business with Archrock, unless offset by additional
product sales to other customers, or the inability or failure of Archrock to meet its payment obligations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. See Note 14 to the

 105 

 Table of Contents 

Combined Financial Statements for further discussion on transactions with affiliates. No customer other than Exterran Holdings accounted for more than 10% of our combined revenues in 2014. During each
of the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, no individual customer accounted for more than 10% of our combined revenues.

 We
currently operate in approximately 30 countries. We have product sales facilities in the United States, Europe, Asia and the Middle East. 

 The
businesses in which we operate are highly competitive. Overall, we experience considerable competition from companies that may be able to more quickly adapt to changes within our
industry and changes in economic conditions as a whole, more readily take advantage of available opportunities. We believe we are competitive with respect to price, equipment availability, customer
service, flexibility in meeting customer needs, technical expertise, quality and reliability of our compression, production and processing equipment and related services. We face vigorous competition
throughout our businesses, with some firms competing with us in multiple businesses. In our production and processing equipment business, we have different competitors in the standard and
custom-engineered equipment segments. Competitors in the standard equipment segment include several large companies and a large number of small, regional fabricators. Our competition in the
custom-engineered segment consists mainly of larger companies with the ability to provide integrated projects and product support after the sale. The ability to fabricate these large custom-engineered
systems near the point of end-use is often a competitive advantage. 

 Following
the spin-off, we will face increased competition as we seek to diversify our customer base and increase utilization of our service offerings. 

 We also expect to be able to offer certain of our products, including fabricated compressors, to prospective customers that were previously competitors of Exterran Holdings, which
increases our prospective customer base and ability to diversify our revenue sources. In addition, in connection with the completion of the spin-off, we intend to enter into the supply agreement,
pursuant to which we will provide Archrock and Archrock Partners with fabricated equipment.

 In addition, we expect that the separation and distribution agreement will contain certain noncompetition provisions addressing restrictions for a limited period of time after the
spin-off on our ability to provide contract operations services in the United States and on Archrock's ability to provide contract operations services outside of the United States and product sales to
customers worldwide, subject to certain exceptions.

Sources and Availability of Raw Materials 

 We fabricate natural gas compression and oil and natural gas production and processing equipment to provide contract operations
services and to sell to third parties from components which we acquire from a wide range of vendors. These components represent a significant portion of the cost of our compressor and production and
processing equipment products. In addition, we fabricate tank farms and critical process equipment for refinery and petrochemical facilities and other vessels used in the production, processing and
treating of crude oil and natural gas. Steel prices can fluctuate widely and represent a significant portion of the cost of raw materials for these products. Increases in raw material costs cannot
always be offset by increases in our products' sales prices. While many of our materials and components are available from multiple suppliers at competitive prices, we obtain some of the components,
including compressors and engines, used in our products from a limited group of suppliers. We occasionally experience long lead times for components, including compressors and engines, from our
suppliers and, therefore, we may at times make purchases in anticipation of future orders. 

 106 

 Table of Contents 

Properties 

 We conduct our operations in a variety of locations throughout the United States, Latin America and the Eastern Hemisphere. The
following table describes the material facilities we owned or leased as of December 31, 2014: 

 Location

 Status 
 
 Square Feet 
 
 Use 

 Houston, Texas 
 
 Owned 

 261,600 
 
 Corporate office, product sales 

 Camacari, Brazil 
 
 Owned 

 86,112 
 
 Contract operations and aftermarket services 

 Comodoro Rivadavia, Argentina 
 
 Owned 

 26,000 
 
 Contract operations and aftermarket services 

 Neuquen, Argentina 
 
 Leased 

 47,500 
 
 Contract operations and aftermarket services 

 Neuquen, Argentina 
 
 Owned 

 38,798 
 
 Contract operations and aftermarket services 

 Reynosa, Mexico 
 
 Owned 

 24,347 
 
 Contract operations and aftermarket services 

 Santa Cruz, Bolivia 
 
 Leased 

 22,017 
 
 Contract operations and aftermarket services 

 Bangkok, Thailand 
 
 Leased 

 36,611 
 
 Aftermarket services 

 Port Harcourt, Nigeria 
 
 Leased 

 19,031 
 
 Aftermarket services 

 Broken Arrow, Oklahoma 
 
 Owned 

 141,549 
 
 Product sales 

 Broussard, Louisiana 
 
 Owned 

 18,900 
 
 Product sales 

 Columbus, Texas 
 
 Owned 

 219,552 
 
 Product sales 

 Hamriyah Free Zone, UAE 
 
 Leased 

 212,742 
 
 Product sales 

 Houston, Texas 
 
 Owned 

 343,750 
 
 Product sales 

 Jebel Ali Industrial Area, UAE 
 
 Leased 

 112,378 
 
 Product sales 

 Mantova, Italy 
 
 Owned 

 654,397 
 
 Product sales 

 Singapore, Singapore 
 
 Leased 

 111,693 
 
 Product sales 

 Youngstown, Ohio 
 
 Leased 

 65,000 
 
 Product sales 

Environmental and Other Regulations 

Government Regulation 

 Our operations are subject to stringent and complex U.S. federal, state, local and international laws and regulations that could have a
material impact on our operations or financial condition. Our operations are regulated under a number of laws governing, among other things, discharges of substances into the air and regulated waters,
the generation, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous substances, disclosure of information about hazardous materials used or produced in our operations, and
occupational health and safety. 

 Compliance
with these environmental laws and regulations may expose us to significant costs and liabilities and cause us to incur significant capital expenditures in our operations.
Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, imposition of investigatory and remedial obligations, and the issuance
of injunctions delaying or prohibiting operations. In certain circumstances, laws may impose strict, joint and several liability without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct on
classes of persons who are considered to be responsible for the release of hazardous substances into the environment. In addition, it is not uncommon for third-parties to file claims for personal
injury, property damage and recovery of response costs allegedly caused by hazardous substances or other pollutants released into the environment. We currently own or lease, and in the past have owned
or leased, a number of properties that have been used in support of our operations for a number of years. Although we have utilized operating and disposal practices that were standard in the industry
at the time, hydrocarbons, hazardous substances, or other regulated wastes may have been disposed of or released on or under the properties owned or leased by us or on or under other locations where
such materials have been taken for disposal by companies sub-contracted by us. In addition, many of these properties have been previously owned or operated by third parties whose treatment and
disposal or release of hydrocarbons, 

 107 

 Table of Contents 

 hazardous
substances or other regulated wastes was not under our control. These properties and the materials released or disposed thereon may be subject to various laws that could require us to remove
or remediate historical property contamination, or to perform certain operations to prevent future contamination. We are not currently under any order requiring that we undertake or pay for any
cleanup activities. However, we cannot provide any assurance that we will not receive any such order in the future. 

 The
clear trend in environmental regulation is to place more restrictions on activities that may affect the environment, and thus, any changes in these laws and regulations that result
in more stringent and costly waste handling, storage, transport, disposal, emission or remediation requirements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
position. 

Employees 

 As of March 1, 2015, we had approximately 7,000 employees. Many of our employees outside of the United States are covered by
collective bargaining agreements, and we and Exterran Holdings generally consider our relationships with our employees to be satisfactory.

Legal Proceedings 

 We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. Our management does not expect
the outcome of any of these known legal proceedings, individually or collectively, to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

 108 

 Table of Contents 

 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

 In connection with the spin-off, we intend to enter into several agreements with Archrock to define our ongoing relationship with
Archrock after the spin-off. These agreements will, among other things, allocate responsibility for obligations arising before and after the distribution date, including, among others, obligations
relating to our employees, various transition services and taxes. In addition, we intend to enter into a supply agreement on arm's length terms that, among other things, will set forth the terms under
which we will provide Archrock and Archrock Partners with fabricated equipment. We also expect to enter into a services agreement with Archrock on arm's length terms that will set forth the terms
under which Archrock will provide installation, start-up, commissioning and other services to us or to our customers on our behalf. For more information about those agreements with Archrock, please
read "Relationship with Archrock After the Spin-Off."

Related Person Transactions Policies and Procedures 

 We expect that our board of directors will adopt a policy, which will be made available on our website on or prior to the distribution
date, providing for the review by the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors of any transaction, arrangement or relationship or series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships
(including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed $120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we (or any of
our subsidiaries) are a participant and (3) any of our directors, executive officers, or greater than 5% shareholders, or any of their immediate family members, has or will have a material
direct or indirect interest. We expect that the Audit Committee would approve or ratify only those transactions that it determines in good faith are in, or are not inconsistent with, the best
interests of us and our shareholders. We refer to any such transaction as a related person transaction. In addition to this policy, our Code of Business Conduct, which will be available on our website
on or prior to the distribution date, will have specific provisions addressing actual and potential conflicts of interest. Our Code of Business Conduct will provide that no director, officer or
employee may use or attempt to use his or her position at the company, or his or her relationship with the company, to obtain any personal benefit for himself or herself or for any other person and
will require appropriate disclosures of potential conflicts of interest. 

 109 

 Table of Contents 

 RELATIONSHIP WITH ARCHROCK AFTER THE SPIN-OFF

Historical Relationship with Exterran Holdings

 We are currently a wholly owned subsidiary of Exterran Holdings. As a result of our relationship with Exterran Holdings, in the
ordinary course of our business, we and our subsidiaries have received various services provided by Exterran Holdings and some of its other subsidiaries, including internal accounting, information
technology and systems, legal, tax, internal audit, human resources, provision of real property, risk management, treasury and other services. Our historical financial statements include allocations
by Exterran Holdings of a portion of its overhead costs related to those services. These cost allocations have been determined on a basis that we and Exterran Holdings consider to be reasonable
reflections of the use of those services. We also intend to enter into certain agreements with Archrock, which are further described below.

Exterran Holdings' Distribution of Our Stock

 Exterran Holdings is our parent company. In the spin-off, Exterran Holdings will distribute 100% of our common stock to its
shareholders in a transaction that is intended to be tax-free to us and such shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes (other than with respect to any cash received in lieu of fractional
shares). The spin-off is subject to a number of conditions, some of which are more fully described under "The Spin-Off&#151;Spin-Off Conditions and Termination."

Agreements Between Archrock and Us

 In the discussion that follows, we have described the material provisions of agreements we intend to enter into with Archrock. The
descriptions of those agreements are not complete and are qualified by reference to the terms of the agreements we intend to enter into with Archrock in connection with the completion of the spin-off,
the forms of which will be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement on Form 10 of which this information statement is a part. We encourage you to read the full text of those agreements.
We will enter into those agreements in the context of our relationship as a wholly owned subsidiary of Archrock.

Separation and Distribution Agreement 

 The separation and distribution agreement to be entered into among Archrock and certain of its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and us
and certain of our subsidiaries, on the other hand, will govern the separation of our businesses from Exterran Holdings, the subsequent distribution of shares of our common stock to Exterran Holdings'
shareholders and other matters related to Archrock's relationship with us.

 Generally, the separation and distribution agreement will include Archrock's and our agreements relating to the restructuring steps to be taken to complete the separation, including the
assets and rights to be transferred, liabilities to be assumed or retained, contracts to be assigned and related matters. Subject to the receipt of required governmental and other consents and
approvals, in order to accomplish the separation, the separation and distribution agreement will enable the parties to transfer specified assets (including the equity interests of certain subsidiaries
of Exterran Holdings) and liabilities to divide the businesses we will conduct following the spin-off from those that will be conducted by Archrock. In addition, we will agree in the separation and
distribution agreement that we and our affiliates will cooperate with Exterran Holdings to accomplish a distribution by Exterran Holdings to its shareholders of our common stock in the spin-off that
is generally tax-free to Exterran Holdings and its shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes, except to the extent that cash is received in lieu of fractional shares.

 Except as expressly set forth in the separation and distribution agreement or any ancillary agreement, neither we nor Exterran Holdings will make any representation or warranty as to the
assets, equity interests, business or liabilities transferred, retained or assumed as part of the separation, as to any approvals or notifications required in connection with the transfers, as to the
value or freedom

 110 

 Table of Contents 

from any security interests of any of the assets transferred, as to the absence or presence of any defenses or right of setoff or freedom from counterclaim with respect to any claim or other asset of
either Exterran Holdings or us or as to the legal sufficiency of any assignment, document or instrument delivered to convey title to any asset or thing of value transferred in connection with the
separation. All assets will be transferred on an "as is," "where is" basis and the respective transferees will bear the economic and legal risks that any conveyance will prove to be insufficient to
vest in the transferee good and marketable title, free and clear of any security interest, and that any necessary consents or governmental approvals are not obtained or that any requirements of laws,
agreements, security interests or judgments are not complied with.

 The separation and distribution agreement will require Archrock and us to endeavor to obtain consents, approvals and amendments required to novate or assign the assets and liabilities
that are to be transferred or retained pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement as soon as reasonably practicable.

 In addition, the separation and distribution agreement will contain certain noncompetition provisions addressing restrictions for three years after the spin-off on our ability to provide
contract operations and aftermarket services in the United States and on Archrock's ability to provide contract operations and aftermarket services outside of the United States and to provide products
for sale worldwide that compete with our current product sales business, subject to certain exceptions. These exceptions include: (i) our right to provide make-ready services or installation,
commissioning or warranty services in connection with the provision of aftermarket services in the United States on production equipment; (ii) Archrock's right to manufacture, hold or sell
generator sets; and (iii) Archrock's right to provide aftermarket services on production equipment owned by Archrock or located on a site where Archrock provides compression services that are
not otherwise prohibited by the terms of the non-compete. In addition, we or Archrock may engage in a merger, acquisition, consolidation or other business combination with a third party that results
in Archrock or us (directly or indirectly through the surviving company), as the case may be, engaging in a prohibited business under the non-compete, as long as such business does not represent 20%
or more of such third party's consolidated gross margin or 10% or more of the consolidated gross margin of Archrock, us or the surviving company, as the case may be, on a pro forma basis. In the event
we or Archrock engage in such a prohibited business combination, we or Archrock, as applicable, will have a period of 365-days to cure such breach, including by divestiture of the acquired business.

 The separation and distribution agreement will also contain restrictions for two years after the spin-off on our and Archrock's ability to solicit, recruit or hire any then current
employee of the other company, subject to certain exceptions.

 In addition, under the separation and distribution agreement, in the event that (i) PDVSA Gas defaults on its obligation to make all or a portion of its remaining payments to us
in connection with the 2012 sale of our Venezuelan subsidiary assets to PDVSA Gas and (ii) the adjusted total leverage ratio described in the separation and distribution agreement exceeds 3.75
to 1.00 as of the last day of any testing period described in the separation and distribution agreement, then Archrock will pay us in cash an amount corresponding to the amount in default. However,
the aggregate payments in respect of this obligation will be limited to $100 million and will be reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis by amounts paid by Archrock in respect of PDVSA's default
as well as (w) any payments received by us from or on behalf of PDVSA Gas relating to the sale of our Venezuelan joint venture assets or Venezuelan subsidiary assets and; (x) any
dividend or other distribution that is deemed to be a restricted payment under the terms of the indenture governing our New Senior Notes; (y) any purchase, redemption or other acquisition or
retirement for value of our equity interests that is deemed a restricted payment under the terms of the indenture governing our New Senior Notes; or (z) any capital expenditure in excess of
$307 million incurred by us between July 1, 2015 and March 31, 2017 and by amounts we pay (including indebtedness we assume) in respect of business combinations. Further, in the
event that we receive both a payment from Archrock in respect of a payment default by PDVSA Gas and a corresponding payment from or on behalf of PDVSA Gas, we will reimburse

 111 

 Table of Contents 

Archrock for the portion of the payment received from Archrock that has been cured by the payment from PDVSA Gas. Archrock's contingent payment obligation will expire upon the earliest to occur of
(a) the payment period following the testing period for the quarter ending March 31, 2017, (b) the contingent payment amount being reduced to zero and (c) the occurrence of
a corporate change (as defined in our 2015 stock incentive plan).

 Pursuant to the terms of the separation and distribution agreement, we will acquire all rights and interests in and title to the "Exterran" name and trademarks. Archrock will be required
to discontinue all use of the "Exterran" name and trademarks as promptly as practicable and will be prohibited from using such name and trademarks beyond the 180-day period following the completion of
the spin-off.

 The separation and distribution agreement will also govern the treatment of aspects relating to indemnification, insurance, confidentiality and cooperation.

 The separation and distribution agreement will specify those conditions that must be satisfied or waived by Exterran Holdings prior to the distribution. In addition, Exterran Holdings
will have the right to determine the date and terms of the distribution, and will have the right, at any time until completion of the distribution, to determine to abandon or modify the distribution
and to terminate the separation and distribution agreement.

Tax Matters Agreement 

 Prior to the spin-off, we and Archrock will enter into a tax matters agreement that will govern our respective rights,
responsibilities, and obligations with respect to tax liabilities and benefits, tax attributes, the preparation and filing of tax returns, the control of audits and other tax proceedings, and certain
other matters regarding taxes.

 Our obligations under the tax matters agreement are not limited in amount or subject to any cap. Further, even if we are not responsible for tax liabilities of Archrock and its
subsidiaries under the tax matters agreement, we nonetheless could be liable under applicable tax law for such liabilities if Archrock were to fail to pay them. If we are required to pay any
liabilities under the circumstances set forth in the tax matters agreement or pursuant to applicable tax law, the amounts may be significant.

 The tax matters agreement also will require us and Archrock to comply with the representations made to legal counsel in connection with the Tax Opinion, and will contain restrictions on
our ability (and the ability of any member of our group) to take, or fail to take, actions that could cause the spin-off to fail to qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, including entering into any transaction or series of transactions as a result of which any person or group of persons would acquire or have the right to acquire from us or holders of our
stock amounts of our stock greater than certain threshold amounts, or issuing our stock in an offering in amounts greater than certain threshold amounts. Certain of these restrictions will apply for
the two-year period after the distribution, unless we obtain a private letter ruling from the IRS or a written opinion of a nationally recognized law firm that such action will not cause the
distribution or certain related transactions to fail to qualify as tax-free transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Notwithstanding receipt of such ruling or opinion, in the event that such
action causes the distribution or certain related transactions to fail to qualify as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we could be responsible for taxes arising therefrom.

 Under the tax matters agreement and subject to certain exceptions, we generally will be liable for, and will indemnify Archrock against, taxes attributable to our business, and Archrock
generally will be liable for, and will indemnify us against, all taxes attributable to its business. We generally will be liable for, and will indemnify Archrock against, 50% of certain taxes that are
not clearly attributable to our business or Archrock's business.

Employee Matters Agreement 

 Prior to the distribution, Archrock will enter into an Employee Matters Agreement with us. The Employee Matters Agreement will allocate
the liabilities and responsibilities between Archrock and

 112 

 Table of Contents 

 Exterran
Corporation relating to employee compensation and benefit plans and programs, including the treatment of retirement, health and welfare plans and equity and other incentive plans and awards.
The key provisions of the Employee Matters Agreement will include the following: 

Equity Award Adjustments. 

 &#149; Stock Options. Immediately prior to the distribution,
each outstanding Archrock Option that was granted prior to calendar year 2015, whether vested or unvested, will be split into two options, consisting of an Archrock Option and an Exterran Corporation
Option. Each Archrock Option that was granted on or after January 1, 2015 and is held by an Exterran Corporation Employee will be converted solely into an Exterran Corporation Option. Each
Archrock Option that was granted on or after January 1, 2015 and that is held by an Archrock Employee will be adjusted to cover Archrock shares. However, each Archrock Option that is intended
to qualify as an "incentive stock option" (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code), whether granted during or prior to 2015, and that is held by an Archrock Employee or Exterran
Corporation Employee who elected, prior to the distribution, to preserve the tax treatment of their Archrock incentive stock options, will be converted solely into an option denominated in shares of
common stock of such employee's post-distribution employer. In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, each Archrock Option held by an individual who, as of the effective time of the distribution, is
a former employee or other service provider of Exterran Corporation or Archrock (or their respective affiliates) will be adjusted solely into an Archrock Option covering Archrock shares.

 &#149; Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units and Performance
Units. Immediately prior to the distribution, each Archrock Stock Award that was granted prior to calendar year 2015 will be split into
two awards, consisting of an Archrock Stock Award and an Exterran Corporation Stock Award. Each Archrock Stock Award that was granted in calendar year 2015 and that is held by an Exterran Corporation
Employee will be converted into an Exterran Corporation Stock Award covering Exterran Corporation shares. Each Archrock Stock Award that was granted in calendar year 2015 and that is held by an
Archrock Employee will be adjusted to cover Archrock shares.

 &#149; General Terms. Equity awards that are adjusted as
described above will generally be subject to the same terms and conditions (including any applicable vesting, performance condition and/or expiration provisions) as applied to the underlying Archrock
awards immediately prior to the distribution, subject to certain additional accelerated vesting provisions as described above in "Treatment of Stock-Based Awards."

 Cash Incentive Compensation. Our employees and Exterran Holdings employees currently participate in a cash incentive program under which
they are
eligible to earn performance-based cash incentives. Prior to or in connection with the distribution, our employees will cease to participate in the current cash incentive program. Upon completion of
the spin-off, we may maintain a cash incentive program for the benefit of our employees.

 Health and Welfare Plans. Generally, Exterran Holdings employees currently participate in health and welfare plans sponsored by us,
including but not
limited to medical, dental, and life insurance plans. Prior to or in connection with the distribution, Archrock's employees will cease to participate in our health and welfare plans, and Archrock will
establish health and welfare plans that are substantially similar to our health and welfare plans for the benefit of its employees.

 Equity Plan. Our employees currently participate in equity incentive plans maintained by Exterran Holdings. Prior to the distribution,
Exterran
Corporation will adopt an equity incentive plan for the benefit of its employees.

 401(k) Plan. Certain of our employees currently participate in a 401(k) plan that we sponsor. In connection with the distribution, Archrock
Employees
will cease to participate in our 401(k) plan, and

 113 

 Table of Contents 

Archrock will establish a replacement 401(k) plan for the benefit of Archrock Employees. The account balances of Archrock Employees will be transferred from our 401(k) plan to the new Archrock 401(k)
plan in connection with the transfer of their participation to the new Archrock plan.

 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan. Certain of our employees currently participate in a non-qualified deferred compensation plan
sponsored by
Exterran Holdings. In connection with the distribution, Exterran Corporation Employees will cease to participate in the Exterran Holdings non-qualified deferred compensation plan, and we will
establish a replacement deferred compensation plan for the benefit of Exterran Corporation Employees. The account balances and Rabbi trust assets of Exterran Corporation Employees will be transferred
from the Exterran Holdings non-qualified deferred compensation plan and related Rabbi trust to our new non-qualified deferred compensation in connection with the transfer of their participation to our
new plan.

 Director Stock and Deferral Plan. Certain of Exterran Holdings' non-employee directors currently participate in a director stock and
deferral plan
maintained by Exterran Holdings. Prior to the distribution, we will adopt a new director stock and deferral plan for the benefit of our eligible non-employee directors.

 Employment Law Liabilities. In connection with the distribution, employment-related liabilities for Archrock Employees and Exterran
Corporation
Employees will transfer to their respective post-distribution employers. Employment-related liabilities for former employees or other service providers of Archrock and former employees or other
service providers of Exterran Corporation will be allocated to either Archrock or Exterran Corporation based on whether such individuals substantially conducted Archrock or Exterran Corporation
business at the time the underlying claim arose. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, liabilities for former employees or other service providers of Archrock and former employees or service
providers of Exterran Corporation who conducted both Archrock and Exterran Corporation business prior to the distribution and liabilities arising in connection with transfers of employment in
connection with the spin-off will be allocated 50% to Archrock and 50% to Exterran Corporation. In addition, liabilities relating to (i) actions brought with respect to an employee benefit plan
in which both Archrock Employees and Exterran Corporation Employees were eligible to participate prior to the distribution and based on events occurring prior to the distribution and (ii) the
form, terms and conditions of, or the administration, operation, or maintenance of employee benefit plans in which both Archrock Employees and Exterran Corporation Employees were eligible to
participate prior to the distribution, in each case, will be allocated 50% to Archrock and 50% to Exterran Corporation.

Transition Services Agreement 

 In connection with the spin-off, we and Archrock will enter into a transition services agreement under which we and Archrock will
provide and/or make available to each other certain services and assets, for specified periods beginning on the distribution date. The personnel performing services for Archrock under the transition
services agreement will be employees and/or independent contractors of ours. The transition services agreement will also contain customary indemnification provisions.

 Transition services may include accounting, administrative, payroll, human resources, environmental health and safety, real estate, fleet, financial audit support, legal, tax, treasury
and other support and corporate services, and each service will be provided at a predetermined rate set forth in the transition services agreement. Each service provided under the agreement will have
its own duration generally up
to one year, extension terms and monthly cost, and the transition services agreement will terminate upon cessation of all services provided thereunder.

Supply and Storage Agreements 

 In connection with the spin-off, we intend to enter into a supply agreement on arm's length terms that, among other things, will set
forth the terms under which we will provide Archrock and Archrock

 114 

 Table of Contents 

Partners with fabricated equipment on an exclusive basis. This supply agreement will have an initial term of two years, extendable for additional one-year terms by mutual agreement of the parties.

 Pursuant to the supply agreement, each of Archrock and Archrock Partners will be required to purchase its respective requirements of newly fabricated compression equipment from us,
subject to certain exceptions. In the event that Archrock or Archrock Partners requires, from time to time and in good faith, equipment to be delivered in advance of the anticipated delivery date
agreed to among the parties, we may, but will not be required to, accept the revised delivery date. In such case, we may propose a revised order price or alternative delivery date, in which case
Archrock or Archrock Partners, as applicable, may accept our revised order price and revised delivery date or, if our proposed price exceeds the initial price or our proposed delivery date is later
than the delivery date proposed by Archrock or Archrock Partners, as applicable, acquire the equipment subject to such order from a third party at a price lower than our proposed price and/or with a
delivery date no later than the later of our proposed delivery date or Archrock or Archrock Partner's proposed delivery date, as applicable.

 In addition, if either Archrock or Archrock Partners acquires a new business that is not party to a firm supply agreement, then Archrock or Archrock Partners, as applicable, shall use
its commercially reasonable efforts to order such business's newly fabricated compressor requirements from us. If, however, the new business is already party to a firm supply agreement, then Archrock
or Archrock Partners, as applicable, can continue to order such equipment under that existing third-party supply agreement as long as orders for the succeeding twelve month period do not exceed such
business's orders for the prior twelve month period.

 Each of Archrock and Archrock Partners will have the right to terminate this supply agreement in the event of a force majeure and in certain other circumstances. If our on-time delivery
rate over a given 90-day period beginning no earlier than February 1, 2016 is less than 95% and we fail to improve our on-time delivery rate to over 95% in the succeeding 90-day period, then
either Archrock or Archrock Partners may terminate the supply agreement. In addition, if the aggregate expense we incur repairing natural gas compressors we fabricate and under warranty over a 90-day
period exceeds 2.5% of (i) the total dollar amount of sales of natural gas compressors to Archrock and Archrock Partners for the four most recently completed, non-overlapping 90-day periods,
divided by (ii) four (or, prior to the first anniversary of the spin-off, 2.5% of (x) the total dollar amount of sales of natural gas compressors to Archrock and Archrock Partners for
each non-overlapping 90-day period since the date of the spin-off, divided by (y) the number of 90-day periods since the date of the spin-off), and we fail to reduce such average cost to less
than 2.5% of the average specified above during the succeeding 90-day period, then either Archrock or Archrock Partners may terminate the supply agreement. Each of Archrock and Archrock Partners will
also have the right to cancel individual orders under the supply agreement for convenience with forty-five days' notice to us; provided, however, that Archrock or Archrock Partners, as applicable,
will pay to us the actual costs incurred in connection with fulfilling such order prior to termination plus 15% of such costs. We will also enter into a storage agreement that, among other things,
will establish the terms under which we will provide each of Archrock and Archrock Partners with storage space for equipment purchased under the supply agreement, as well as an additional storage
agreement that will establish the terms under which Archrock will provide storage space to us for certain of our equipment.

Services Agreements 

 In connection with the spin-off, we intend to enter into non-exclusive services agreements with Archrock on arm's length terms that,
among other things, will set forth the terms under which we will provide Archrock (or Archrock's customers on its behalf) with engineering, preservation and installation and commissioning services and
Archrock will provide us (or our customers on our behalf) with make-ready, parts sales, preservation and installation and commissioning services. These services agreements will continue in effect
until terminated by either party on 30 days' written notice.

 115 

 Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT 

Directors and Executive Officers 

 The following table shows information about our directors and executive officers following the completion of the spin-off: 

 Name

 Age 
 
 Position 

 Mark R. Sotir 

 51 
 
 Executive Chairman 

 Andrew J. Way 

 43 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer and Director Nominee 

 Jon C. Biro 

 49 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

 Steven W. Muck 

 62 
 
 Senior Vice President, International Operations 

 Daniel K. Schlanger 

 41 
 
 Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing 

 Christopher T. Werner 

 52 
 
 Senior Vice President, Fabrication Services 

 William M. Goodyear 

 67 
 
 Director Nominee 

 John P. Ryan 

 63 
 
 Director Nominee 

 Christopher T. Seaver 

 67 
 
 Director Nominee 

 Richard R. Stewart 

 65 
 
 Director Nominee 

 Ieda Gomes Yell 

 59 
 
 Director Nominee 

Board of Directors 

 Following the spin-off, our business and affairs will be managed under the direction of our board of directors. Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws will provide that the number of directors may be fixed by the board from time to time. As of the distribution date, our board of
directors will consist of the individuals listed below (with their ages as of July 1, 2015). The present principal occupation or employment and five-year employment history of each individual
follows the list below.

 Mr. Mark R. Sotir will serve as the Executive Chairman of our Board. Prior to the completion of the spin-off, Mr. Sotir served as Executive Chairman of the board of
directors of Exterran Holdings since April 2013, and served as its Executive Vice Chairman from December 2011 to April 2013. Mr. Sotir has also served as Managing Director of Equity Group
Investments, a private investment firm ("EGI"), since November 2006. While at EGI, he served as the interim president of Tribune Interactive, a division of Tribune Company, a media conglomerate, from
December 2007 until April 2008. Tribune Company filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in December 2008. Prior to joining EGI, Mr. Sotir was the Chief Executive
Officer of Sunburst Technology Corporation, an independent distributor of educational software to public schools, from August 2003 to November 2006. Prior to joining Sunburst, Mr. Sotir held
various positions with the Budget Group, Inc., a national car and truck rental business, from 1995 to 2003, including as President and Chief Operating Officer from 2000 to 2003. Mr. Sotir
serves on the board of directors of several EGI portfolio companies, including Rewards Network Inc., a dining rewards company; SIRVA Inc., a provider of moving and relocation services; and
Veridiam, a specialty manufacturer in the nuclear aerospace and medical industry.
Mr. Sotir received a B.A. in Economics from Amherst College and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.

 Mr. Sotir
brings to our Board extensive operational experience, gained by serving in key management and leadership roles in a wide range of industries. His operational experience
includes brand management, sales, marketing and distributions, as well as finance. In addition, Mr. Sotir serves as a director for several companies representing a diversity of industries. We
believe Mr. Sotir's 

 116 

 Table of Contents 

 operational
experience in key leadership and director roles make him well qualified to serve as a member of our Board. 

 Prior to the completion of the spin-off, Mr. William M. Goodyear served on the board of directors of Exterran Holdings since April 2013. Mr. Goodyear served as Executive
Chairman of the board of directors of Navigant Consulting, Inc., a specialized, global consulting firm, from May 2000 to June 2014 and as its Chief Executive Officer from May 2000 to February 2012.
Prior to December 1999, Mr. Goodyear served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Bank of American Illinois and President of Bank of America's Global Private Bank. Between 1972 and 1999,
Mr. Goodyear held a variety of positions with Continental Bank (subsequently Bank of America), specializing in corporate finance, corporate lending, trading and distribution. During his tenure
with Continental Bank, Mr. Goodyear managed the bank's European and Asian Operations and served as Vice Chairman of Continental Bank's Board of Directors prior to its 1994 merger with Bank of
America. Mr. Goodyear is a member of the board and chairman of the audit committee of Enova International, Inc., a multinational provider of online financial services to individual consumers.
He is also a member of the Board of Trustees of the University of Notre Dame and the Museum of Science and Industry&#151;Chicago and serves as Chairman of the Rush University Medical Center.
Mr. Goodyear received a B.B.A. from the University of Notre Dame and an M.B.A. from the Amos Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College.

 As
the former Chief Executive Officer and former Executive Chairman of the Board of Navigant Consulting, Inc., Mr. Goodyear has significant business consulting experience,
including with operational, risk management, financial, regulatory and dispute advisory services. As a former chief executive officer, he also has significant experience in management and business
strategy, and as a former public company chairman he is familiar with a full range of board functions. We believe Mr. Goodyear's experience and leadership skills make him well qualified to
serve as a member of our Board. 

 Prior to the completion of the spin-off, Mr. John P. Ryan served on the board of directors of Exterran Holdings since April 2013. Mr. Ryan previously served as President
and Chief Executive Officer of
Dresser, Inc., a global provider of flow control products, measurement systems and other infrastructure technologies to the oil and gas and power generation industries, from May 2007 until
February 2011. Mr. Ryan was President and Chief Operating Officer of Dresser, Inc. from December 2004 to June 2007. From 1987 to 2004, Mr. Ryan was employed by Dresser Wayne where
he served as President from 1996 to 2004 and as Vice President from 1991 to 1996. Mr. Ryan also currently serves as a director of Hudson Products, Inc., a company engaged in the design,
manufacture and servicing of heat transfer equipment for the petroleum, chemical, gas processing and electric utility industries; Wayne Fueling Systems, Inc., a privately-held global supplier of fuel
dispensers, payment terminals and other measurement and control solutions to the retail and commercial fueling industry; and The Village of Hope, a non-profit organization. He served on the board of
directors of FlexEnergy, LLC, a provider of oil field turbine generators and environmental solutions for power generation, landfill gas and digester gas applications, from January 2012 to April
2013. Mr. Ryan received a B.A. from Villanova University.

 Mr. Ryan
has relevant industry and functional experience, including a combination of commercial, operational, and financial skills. As the former chief executive officer of
Dresser, Inc., Mr. Ryan has significant international experience and energy industry knowledge. With an early career in engineering, manufacturing and sales, Mr. Ryan also brings
a thorough understanding of these disciplines. For these reasons, we believe Mr. Ryan is well qualified to serve as a member of our Board. 

 Prior to the completion of the spin-off, Mr. Christopher T. Seaver served on the board of directors of Exterran Holdings since October 2008. Prior to joining the Exterran Holdings
board, Mr. Seaver served as Chairman of the board of directors of Hydril Company, an oil and gas service company specializing in pressure control equipment and premium connections for casing
and tubing from 2006

 117 

 Table of Contents 

until his retirement in May 2007. Mr. Seaver held a series of domestic and international management positions at Hydril Company from 1985 to May 2007, including as President since 1993 and CEO
and Director since 1997. Prior to joining Hydril Company, Mr. Seaver was a corporate and securities attorney for the law firm of Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker LLP, and was a Foreign
Service Officer in the U.S. State Department with postings in Kinshasa, Republic of Congo and Bogot , Colombia. Mr. Seaver currently serves as a director and member of the audit
committee of Oil States International, Inc., an oil service company specializing in manufacturing of products for offshore production and drilling, rental tools and US land drilling services; a
director and Chairman of McCoy Global Inc., a Canadian oil service company principally providing power tongs and related equipment; and a director of The Seaver Institute, a private, non-profit
foundation. Mr. Seaver was a director of Innovative Wireline Solutions Inc., a start-up Canadian wireline services company, from July 2010 to October 2011, and he has also served as a director
and officer of the Petroleum Equipment Suppliers Association, a director of the American Petroleum Institute, and a director and Chairman of the National Ocean Industries Association.
Mr. Seaver received an A.B. in Economics from Yale University and a J.D. and an M.B.A. from Stanford University.

 Through
his former roles as President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of a publicly traded oil and gas services company, Mr. Seaver brings to our Board both the
perspective of an executive officer as well as that of a director. He has both domestic and international management and operations experience and has been heavily involved in many industry trade and
professional organizations. His tenure with the U.S. State Department makes him well-versed in international cultures and the challenges and opportunities presented by conducting business in
developing countries. We believe this knowledge and experience, together with his service on the boards of other energy services companies, make Mr. Seaver well qualified to serve as a member
of our Board. 

 Prior to completion of the spin-off, Mr. Richard R. Stewart served on the board of directors of Exterran Holdings since April 2015. Mr. Stewart previously served as
President and Chief Executive Officer of GE Aero Energy, a division of GE Power Systems, and as an officer of General Electric Company, from February 1998 until his retirement in 2006. From 1972 to
1998, Mr. Stewart served in various positions at Stewart & Stevenson Services, Inc., including as Group President and member of the board of directors. Mr. Stewart is a director
and Chairman of the Governance Committee of Eagle Materials Inc., a U.S. manufacturer and distributor of building materials; director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Kirby Corporation, a tank
barge operator; and director of TAS, a privately held company providing energy conversion solutions. Mr. Stewart served as a director of Lufkin Industries, Inc., an oilfield equipment and power
transmission products company, from October 2009 until its acquisition by General Electric in July 2013. Mr. Stewart received a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Texas.

 Mr. Stewart
brings business knowledge and leadership experience, as well as familiarity with corporate governance issues, as a result of his prior service as chief executive
officer of a manufacturing company, as an officer of General Electric and as a member of the boards of other public companies, which we believe make him well qualified to serve as a member of our
Board. 

 Mr. Andrew J. Way will serve as our President and Chief Executive Officer following the spin-off, prior to which time he was hired by Exterran Holdings to serve as its
Executive Vice President effective on or about July 1, 2015. Mr. Way served as Vice President and CEO&#151;Drilling and Surface Production of GE Oil & Gas, a provider of
equipment and services in the oil and gas space, from 2012 through June 2015. Mr. Way joined GE Oil & Gas in October 2007 and, prior to taking his current position, served as GM
Operations, Turbo Machinery Services from October 2007 to December 2008, as GM, Global Supply Chain from December 2008 to December 2010, and as Vice President and CEO&#151;Turbo Machinery
Services from December 2010 to June 2012. Prior to joining GE Oil & Gas, Mr. Way served as Operations/Managing Director&#151;GE Equipment Services of GE Capital from 2001
to 2007 and held

 118 

 Table of Contents 

 various
positions at GE Aviation from 1996 to 2001. Mr. Way studied Mechanical Engineering and graduated from the technical leadership program with Lucas Industries in Wales, U.K. 

 Mr. Way's
almost two decades of experience with General Electric in a variety of leadership roles, including with GE Oil & Gas as a provider of oil and gas equipment and
services has provided him with worldwide and broad industry experience and a deep understanding of operational opportunities and challenges. Mr. Way's business judgment, management experience
and leadership skills are highly valuable in assessing our business strategies and accompanying risks. We believe that this experience, Mr. Way's industry and customer relationships and the
knowledge and perspective he will bring as our President and Chief Executive Officer, will make Mr. Way well qualified to serve as a member of our Board. 

 Prior to completion of the spin-off, Ms. Ieda Gomes Yell served on the board of directors of Exterran Holdings since April 2015. Ms. Gomes has served as the Managing
Director of Energix Strategy Ltd., an independent oil and gas consultancy firm, since October 2011. Before forming Energix, Ms. Gomes served in a number of positions with BP plc and its
subsidiaries from 1998 to 2011, including as President of BP Brazil, Vice President of Regulatory Affairs and Vice President of Market Development at BP Solar and Vice President of Pan American
Energy. From 1995 until 1998, Ms. Gomes held a number of positions with Companhia de G s de S o Paulo, or Comg s, a Brazilian natural gas
distributor, before being named President and Chief Executive Officer. Ms. Gomes is currently a non-executive director and member of the Audit and Risk and Strategic Committees at Bureau
Veritas SA, a global provider of testing, inspection and certification services; a director and Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee at InterEnergy Holdings, a private power production
company; a Councillor of the Brazilian Chamber of Commerce in Great Britain, a not-for-profit organization; a founding director of WILL Latam&#151;Women in Leadership in Latin America, a
not-for-profit organization; a member of the advisory board of Crystol Energy, an independent consultancy and advisory firm; and a member of the advisory board of Comg s and of the
Infrastructure Department of the S o Paulo Federation of Industries. Ms. Gomes is a senior visiting research fellow at the Oxford Institute of Energy Studies in the United
Kingdom and Funda o Get lio Vargas Energia in Brazil and serves as the independent chair of British Taekwondo. Ms. Gomes received her B.S. in
Chemical Engineering from the University of Bahia, Brazil, an MSc. in Environmental Engineering from the Polytechnic School of Lausanne, Switzerland and an MSc. in Energy from the University of Sao
Paulo, Brazil.

 Throughout
her career, Ms. Gomes has cultivated extensive experience in developing projects, restructuring energy businesses and advising domestic and international oil and gas
companies in a variety of operational and governance matters, including developing business strategies, navigating international markets and creating growth, which we believe make her well qualified
to serve as a member of our Board. 

Executive Officers 

 Mr. Andrew J. Way will serve as our President and Chief Executive Officer following the spin-off. Information concerning
the business experience of Mr. Way is provided under the heading "&#151;Directors" above. 

 Mr. Jon C. Biro will serve as our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer following the spin-off. Mr. Biro has served as Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of Exterran Holdings since September 2014 and as Senior Vice President and Director of Exterran GP LLC, the managing general partner of Exterran Partners, L.P., since
October 2014. Prior to joining Exterran Holdings, Mr. Biro served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Consolidated Graphics, Inc., a commercial printer, from January 2008
to January 2014. Mr. Biro served in various positions at ICO, Inc., an oilfield services provider and manufacturer of specialty resins, from 1994 to 2008, including as Chief Financial
Officer and Treasurer from April 2002 to January 2008. Prior to joining

 119 

 Table of Contents 

ICO, Inc., Mr. Biro was a Senior Audit Accountant for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from 1991 to 1994. Mr. Biro served on the board of directors and audit committee of Crown Crafts,
Inc., a producer and distributor of infant, toddler and juvenile consumer products, from August 2010 to August 2013. Mr. Biro also served as an officer and director of certain other Exterran
Holdings majority-owned subsidiaries. Mr. Biro is a Certified Public Accountant and received a B.A. from the University of Texas and an M.S. of Accountancy from the University of Houston.

 Mr. Steven W. Muck will serve as our Senior Vice President, International Operations following the spin-off. Mr. Muck has served as Senior Vice President,
International Operations of Exterran Holdings since February 2015. Previously, he served as Vice President, Sales, Eastern Hemisphere, of EESLP, and was based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, having
been appointed to that position in May 2014. Mr. Muck served as a manager in EESLP's North America operations beginning in June 2009, including as a Regional Vice President from November 2009
to May 2014. From August 2007 to June 2009, he was Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources of Exterran Holdings. Mr. Muck joined Exterran Holdings through the acquisition of the
compression services business of Dresser-Rand Company in August 2000, and prior to the merger of Hanover Compressor Company ("Hanover") and Universal Compression Holdings, Inc. ("Universal") to form
Exterran Holdings, Inc., Mr. Muck served Hanover in a number of positions, including as Vice President, International Operations. He began his career with Ingersoll-Rand in 1975 and held
various positions with both Ingersoll-Rand and Dresser Rand in field operations, sales and marketing. Mr. Muck received a B.S. in Business Administration and a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering
from Kansas State University.

 Mr. Daniel K. Schlanger will serve as our Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing following the spin-off. Mr. Schlanger has served as Senior Vice President, Sales
and Marketing of Exterran Holdings since February 2015 and as Senior Vice President and director of Exterran GP LLC since October 2006. Mr. Schlanger served as Chief Financial
Officer of Exterran GP LLC from June 2006 through March 2009 and as Senior Vice President, Operations Services of Exterran Holdings from February 2009 through February 2015. From May
2006 until the merger of Hanover and Universal, Mr. Schlanger served as Vice President, Corporate Development of Universal Compression, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Universal. From August
1996 through May 2006, Mr. Schlanger was employed as an investment banker with Merrill Lynch & Co. where he focused on the energy sector. Mr. Schlanger also
served as an officer and director of certain other Exterran Holdings majority-owned subsidiaries. Mr. Schlanger holds a B.S. in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania.

 Mr. Christopher T. Werner will serve as our Senior Vice President, Fabrication Services following the spin-off. Mr. Werner has served as Senior Vice President of
Fabrication Services of Exterran Holdings since February 2015. Mr. Werner joined Exterran Holdings in 2009, as Vice President, Manufacturing, having served as Vice President, North America
Manufacturing at Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., a global tire manufacturer, from June 2005 to December 2008. He was Senior Vice President, Global Operations with GST AutoLeather, Inc., a private
equity Tier 2 supplier in the automotive industry, from October 2003 to June 2005, and Vice President and General Manager of Hubbell Power Systems, a manufacturer of transmission, distribution
and other products used by utilities, from October 2000 to December 2002. Prior to joining Hubbell, Mr. Werner served in various manufacturing leadership roles with the Hardware Division of
Black & Decker, a diversified global provider of power tools, mechanical access and electronic security solutions and engineered fastening systems, from June 1993 to September 2000.
Mr. Werner began his career with General Electric in 1985. He holds a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from the University of Arkansas.

 120 

 Table of Contents 

Key Employees 

 The following table shows information about certain key members of our management team who will report to our President and Chief
Executive Officer following the completion of the spin-off: 

 Name

 Age 
 
 Position 

 Christine M. Michel 

 51 
 
 Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources and Communications 

 Valerie L. Banner 

 60 
 
 Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 

 Ms. Christine M. Michel will serve as our Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources and Communications following the spin-off. Ms. Michel has served as Senior
Vice President, Global Human Resources and Communications of Exterran Holdings since June 2009. Prior to joining Exterran Holdings, Ms. Michel served in a number of positions of increasing
responsibility for Ford Motor Company since 1997, including as Executive Director, Human Resources, The Americas and Corporate Staffs; Executive Director, Global Compensation and Benefits; HR Manager,
Corporate Finance; and HR Manager, Ford of Hungary. Ms. Michel received a B.S. in accounting and an M.B.A. from the University of Iowa.

 Ms. Valerie L. Banner will serve as our Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Ms. Banner has served as Associate General Counsel of Exterran Holdings since June
2008 and as special counsel from August 2007 to June 2008. Prior to the merger of Hanover and Universal in August 2007, she served Universal as special counsel since December 2000, and served as
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from June 1998 through December 2000. Prior to joining Universal, Ms. Banner served as counsel for several publicly traded companies and was
in private practice, having begun her career as an associate with Andrews & Kurth LLP. Ms. Banner also served as an officer and director of certain other Exterran Holdings majority-owned
subsidiaries. Ms. Banner received a B.B.A. from Southern Methodist University and a J.D. from the University of Texas.

Committees of Our Board of Directors 

 Upon completion of the spin-off, the committees of our board of directors are expected to consist of an Audit Committee, a Compensation
Committee and a Nominating and Governance Committee. Each of the Committees will be comprised entirely of independent nonmanagement directors. 

 Audit Committee. The Audit Committee will be responsible for overseeing (a) the integrity of our financial statements,
(b) our
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (c) the independent auditor's qualifications and independence, and (d) the performance of our internal auditor and independent auditor.
The Audit Committee will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of our independent registered public accounting firm. The committee, among other things,
will also review and discuss our financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm. 

 Upon the commencement of the listing of our common stock, the Audit Committee will consist
of . We believe that will qualify as an independent director
according to the rules and regulations of the SEC and the NYSE with respect to audit committee membership. We also believe that qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert,"
as
such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Our board of directors will adopt a written charter for the Audit Committee in connection with the spin-off, which will be
available on our corporate website upon the completion of the spin-off.

 Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee will have overall responsibility for our officer compensation plans, policies
and programs and
will have the authority to engage and terminate any compensation consultant or other advisors to assist the committee in the discharge of its responsibilities. Our board of directors will adopt a
written charter for the Compensation Committee in 

 121 

 Table of Contents 

 connection
with the spin-off, which will be available on our corporate website upon the completion of the spin-off. 

 Nominating and Governance Committee. The Nominating and Governance Committee, in addition to other matters, will: (1)
 identify and recommend
qualified candidates to the board of directors for nomination as members of the board of directors; (2) make recommendations respecting the composition of the board of directors and its
committees and (3) monitor compliance with corporate governance standards. Our board of directors will adopt a written charter for the Nominating and Governance Committee in connection with the
spin-off, which will be available on our corporate website upon the completion of the spin-off. 

Director Compensation 

 We currently anticipate that, following the completion of the spin-off, our non-employee directors will receive compensation for their
service on the board. However, we have not yet developed or implemented a compensation program for our non-employee directors. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

 None of our executive officers have served as members of a compensation committee (or if no committee performs that function, the board
of directors) of any other entity that has an executive officer serving as a member of our board of directors. 

 122 

 Table of Contents 

 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Executive Summary 

 For the purposes of the following Compensation Discussion and Analysis, certain individuals that were employed by Exterran Holdings
during 2014 and that we expect will be our named executive officers as of the distribution date are identified below (collectively, our "Named Executive Officers"). These individuals, who would have
been our 2014 named executive officers had we been a publicly listed company during 2014, as well as their positions with us following the spin-off, are as
follows: 

 &#149; Jon C. Biro , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; 
 &#149; Daniel K. Schlanger , Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing; 
 &#149; Steven W. Muck , Senior Vice President, International Operations; and 
 &#149; Christopher T. Werner , Senior Vice President, Fabrication Services. 

 During 2014, each of Messrs. Biro, Schlanger, Muck and Werner were employed by Exterran Holdings. Mr. Biro commenced employment with Exterran Holdings on
September 22, 2014. During 2014, Mr. Muck served as Exterran Holdings' Regional Vice President of North America Operations through May 2014 and as its Vice President, Sales, Eastern
Hemisphere thereafter. Mr. Werner served as Vice President of Manufacturing, during 2014. Messrs. Muck and Werner were promoted to Senior Vice President of International Operations and
to Senior Vice President of Fabrication Services, respectively, of Exterran Holdings on February 2, 2015.

 Exterran Holdings hired Andrew J. Way to serve as its Executive Vice President effective July 1, 2015. Effective as of the spin-off, Mr. Way will serve as our
President and Chief Executive Officer and will be one of our named executive officers. Because he was not an employee or executive officer of us or Exterran Holdings or any of its affiliates during
2014, we have not included his 2014 compensation in the following discussion or the compensation tables that follow this Compensation Discussion and Analysis.

 Exterran Holdings, its Chief Executive Officer and its compensation committee (the "Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee") determined the compensation of our Named Executive Officers
during 2014. Accordingly, this section describes Exterran Holdings' compensation philosophy and programs as they pertain to the Named Executive Officers. Following the spin-off, we will have a
compensation committee with responsibility for establishing our compensation philosophy and programs and determining appropriate payments and awards to our Named Executive Officers. Initially, we
expect that our compensation programs and policies will be substantially similar to those utilized by Exterran Holdings immediately prior to the spin-off. However, our compensation committee has not
yet been established, and we expect that our compensation committee will review these programs and policies following the spin-off. In addition, following the spin-off, we anticipate that our
compensation committee will continue to develop our compensation structure, programs and policies in order to ensure that they meet our business needs and goals and that our compensation committee may
make appropriate adjustments to our compensation programs and policies to ensure that they are competitive within the market in which we compete for talent.

Elements of Compensation 

 Exterran Holdings' executive compensation program is designed (i) to align executive officers' pay with individual and company
performance in order to achieve growth, profitability and return for stockholders, and (ii) to attract and retain talented executives who are critical to short- and long-term

 123 

 Table of Contents 

success. The key elements of our Named Executive Officers' compensation and the primary objectives of each are: 

 &#149; Base salary attracts and retains talented executives, recognizes individual roles and
responsibilities, and provides stable income; 
 &#149; Annual performance-based incentive compensation promotes short-term performance
objectives and rewards executives for their contributions toward achieving those objectives; 
 &#149; Long-term incentive compensation aligns executives' interests with stockholders'
interests, emphasizes long-term financial and operational performance, and helps retain key executives; 
 &#149; Retirement savings, health and welfare benefits provide retirement income and
protection against the financial hardship that can result from illness, disability or death; and 
 &#149; Severance benefit and change of control arrangements aid in attracting and retaining
executive talent, particularly during any potential transition period due to a change of control. 

 Each
of these elements of compensation is further described below. 

 Exterran Holdings believes that its compensation program provides balanced incentives and does not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Exterran
Holdings. Exterran Holdings periodically evaluates market best practices in executive compensation, and makes appropriate modifications to its program to ensure that it continues to meet these
objectives.

Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 

 The primary objectives of Exterran Holdings' executive compensation program are to: 

 &#149; Pay competitively &#151;Exterran Holdings believes that, to attract, retain and
motivate an effective management team with the level of expertise and experience needed to achieve consistent growth, profitability and return for stockholders, total compensation should be
competitive with that of similarly-sized companies across a variety of industries and within the oilfield services sector, as further described below in " How Exterran Holdings
Determines Executive Compensation ." 

 &#149; Pay for performance &#151;The program's emphasis on performance-based, variable
compensation is an important component of Exterran Holdings' overall compensation philosophy. Cash bonuses and equity-based incentive awards based on annual performance combined with time-based equity
awards that vest over several years balance short-term and long-term business objectives. 

 &#149; Align management's interests with stockholders' interests &#151;The program's
emphasis on equity-based compensation and ownership encourages executives to act strategically to drive sustainable long-term performance and enhance long-term stockholder value. 

How Exterran Holdings Determines Executive Compensation

 The Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee is responsible for establishing and overseeing compensation programs that are consistent
with Exterran Holdings' compensation philosophy and Exterran Holdings' Chief Executive Officer is responsible for establishing and overseeing compensation programs for certain of its other employees,
including, during 2014,
Messrs. Muck and Werner. In carrying out this role, the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee and Exterran Holdings' Chief Executive Officer consider the
following: 

 &#149; Current and past total compensation, including a review of base salary, short-term incentive pay and the value of long-term incentive
awards received; 
 
 124 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; With respect to Exterran Holdings' executive officers, data and analysis provided by the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee's
independent compensation consultant, as further detailed below; 

 &#149; With respect to Exterran Holdings' executive officers, Exterran Holdings' Chief Executive Officer's recommendations; 

 &#149; Company performance and operating unit performance (where applicable), as well as each executive's impact on performance; 
 &#149; Each executive's relative scope of responsibility and potential; 
 &#149; Individual performance and demonstrated leadership; 
 &#149; Internal pay equity considerations; and 

 &#149; Any other factors that the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee or the Chief Executive Officer, as applicable, deems relevant.

 No specific formula is used to determine the weight of any factor; rather, compensation is established based on the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee's or Chief Executive
Officer's, as applicable, assessment of all relevant information.

 Compensation Consultant Analysis. For 2014, the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee engaged Pearl Meyer & Partners,
 LLC ("PM&P"),
an independent third-party compensation consultant, to: 

 &#149; provide a competitive review of executive compensation, including base salary, annual incentives, long-term incentives and total
direct compensation, compared with independent and objective market data; and 
 &#149; provide information on how trends, new rules, regulations and laws impact executive and director compensation practice and
administration. 

 For 2014, PM&P provided an analysis of data derived from (i) proxy statements filed by the members of Exterran Holdings' peer group, as further described below, and
(ii) surveys of the compensation practices of companies in the oilfield services industry, the broader energy industry and across a variety of industries, in each case with annual revenues
ranging from approximately $1.0 billion to $3.0 billion. In performing its analysis, PM&P generally placed more weight on the proxy compensation data than on the information derived from
the compensation surveys.

 In consultation with PM&P, the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee selected Exterran Holdings' 2014 peer group as follows:

 Basic Energy Services, Inc. 
 
 Flowserve Corporation 
 
 Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. 

 Cameron International Corporation 
 
 Gardner Denver, Inc. 
 
 Regency Energy Partners, L.P. 

 Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. 
 
 Key Energy Services, Inc. 
 
 RPC, Inc. 

 DCP Midstream Partners LP 
 
 McDermott International, Inc. 
 
 Superior Energy Services, Inc. 

 Dresser-Rand Group Inc. 
 
 Oceaneering International, Inc. 
 
 Willbros Group, Inc. 

 Oil States International, Inc. 

 Because many of Exterran Holdings' direct competitors are not publicly traded or are not of a comparable size, Exterran Holdings' peer group includes a diversity of oilfield services and
related companies with a range of revenues and with both domestic and international operations. The Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee believes this peer group includes companies with which
Exterran

 125 

 Table of Contents 

Holdings competes for technical and managerial talent and provides an appropriate reference point for assessing the competitiveness of Exterran Holdings' compensation program.

 For 2014, the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee used PM&P's analysis to help structure a competitive executive compensation program, position executive compensation within a
target range (by
referencing the market at the 50 th percentile), and make individual compensation decisions based on comparable positions at those companies with which it competes for talent.
Because Messrs. Muck and Werner were not executive officers at the time the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee made these compensation decisions, PM&P's analysis was not factored into the
establishment of their compensation for 2014.

 Role of Exterran Holdings' Chief Executive Officer. The most significant aspects of management's, including Exterran Holdings'
Chief Executive
Officer's, role in the compensation-setting process for 2014 were: 

 &#149; Recommending (for executive officers) or establishing (for non-executive employees) compensation programs, compensation policies,
compensation levels and incentive opportunities that are consistent with its business strategies; 
 &#149; compiling, preparing and distributing materials for Compensation Committee review and consideration; 
 &#149; recommending or establishing (as applicable) corporate performance goals on which performance-based compensation will be based; and 
 &#149; assisting in the evaluation of, or evaluating, employee performance. 

 Exterran Holdings' Chief Executive Officer has annually reviewed the performance of each of the other executive officers and recommends salary adjustments, annual cash incentives and
long-term incentive awards, which the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee considers along with the other factors discussed above. Exterran Holdings' Chief Executive Officer also determines
compensation for certain of its non-executive employees. We expect that following the spin-off, our Chief Executive Officer will annually review the performance of each of our other executive officers
and key employees.

Base Salary 

 The Named Executive Officers received base salaries from Exterran Holdings in 2014 to compensate them for services rendered to Exterran
Holdings. Exterran Holdings determined that, to attract external executive talent and support the development and retention of current executives, base pay should be competitive, as described above.

 The
2014 base salaries for our Named Executive Officers were: 

 Executive Officer

 Title 
 
 2014 Base Salary 
($) 

 Jon C. Biro (1) 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

 420,000 

 Daniel K. Schlanger (2) 
 
 Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing 

 420,000 

 Steven W. Muck (3) 
 
 Senior Vice President, International Operations 

 350,000 

 Christopher T. Werner (4) 
 
 Senior Vice President, Fabrication Services 

 287,012 

 (1) Mr. Biro
joined Exterran Holdings on September 22, 2014, and the chart above reflects his base salary upon hire.

 126 

 Table of Contents 

 (2) In
February 2014, the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee increased Mr. Schlanger's annual base salary from $365,000 to $420,000, effective as
of March 2014. The chart above reflects Mr. Schlanger's base salary following such increase.

 (3) In
March 2014, Mr. Muck's annual base salary was increased from $302,444 to $310,000 as part of Exterran Holdings' annual merit review. In May 2014,
Mr. Muck's annual base salary was further increased to $350,000 in connection with his promotion to Vice President, Sales, Eastern Hemisphere. The chart above reflects Mr. Muck's base
salary following such increase.

 (4) In
March 2014, Mr. Werner's annual base salary was increased from $278,652 to $287,012 as part of Exterran Holdings' annual merit review. The chart
above reflects Mr. Werner's base salary following such increase. In addition, Mr. Werner's annual base salary was further increased to $300,000 in connection with his promotion to Senior
Vice President, Fabrication Services in February 2015.

 In connection with Exterran Holdings' hiring of Mr. Way in June 2015, Exterran Holdings entered into an offer of employment with him which provides for an initial base salary
equal to $750,000. Mr. Way's offer letter (the "CEO Offer Letter") is described in more detail below under "New Executive Employment Letters."

 Following
the completion of the spin-off, we currently expect that our Named Executive Officers will continue to receive the same annualized base salaries as they received prior to the
spin-off. 

Annual Performance-Based Incentive Compensation 

 In 2014, our Named Executive Officers participated in Exterran Holdings' 2014 short-term incentive program (the "Exterran Holdings 2014
Incentive Program"). Each Named Executive Officer's cash incentive target was a specified percentage of his individual base salary in 2014 (after taking into account the base salary adjustments
discussed above under "Base Salary"). In determining the cash incentive opportunity for each Named Executive Officer, the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee, or with respect to
Messrs. Muck and Werner, Exterran Holdings' Chief
Executive Officer, considered the factors discussed above under "How Exterran Holdings Determines Executive Compensation." Mr. Way was not employed by us or Exterran Holdings during 2014 and,
accordingly, did not participate in the Exterran Holdings 2014 Incentive Program.

 Under the Exterran Holdings 2014 Incentive Program, each Named Executive Officer's cash incentive target was:

 Executive Officer

 Title 
 
 2014 Cash 
Incentive Target 
(% of base salary) 
 
 2014 Cash 
Incentive Target 
($) 

 Jon C. Biro 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

 70 

 294,000 
 (1) 

 Daniel K. Schlanger 
 
 Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing 

 70 

 294,000 

 Steven W. Muck 
 
 Senior Vice President, International Operations 

 70 

 245,000 
 (2) 

 Christopher T. Werner 
 
 Senior Vice President, Fabrication Services 

 40 

 114,805 
 (3) 

 (1) Reflects
Mr. Biro's annualized 2014 cash incentive target.
 (2) In
May 2014, in connection with his promotion to Vice President, Sales, Eastern Hemisphere, Mr. Muck's cash incentive target was increased from 40%
of base salary to 70% of base salary. The chart above reflects Mr. Muck's cash incentive target following such increase.
 (3) Reflects
Mr. Werner's incentive target for 2014. Following his promotion in February 2015, Mr. Werner's incentive target was increased to 60%
of base salary. 
 
 127 

 Table of Contents 

 Each Named Executive Officer's potential cash payout under the Exterran Holdings 2014 Incentive Program ranged from 0% to 200% of his incentive target; however, Exterran Holdings had
discretion to increase each Named Executive Officer's actual cash payout above 200% of his incentive target for extraordinary Exterran Holdings and individual performance during 2014.

 Under the Exterran Holdings 2014 Incentive Program, the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee or, with respect to Messrs. Muck and Werner, Exterran Holdings' Chief Executive
Officer, could determine actual payouts to the Named Executive Officers by considering (i) for all Named Executive Officers, Exterran Holdings' performance, including an assessment of EBITDA,
as adjusted, achieved by Exterran Holdings for 2014, (ii) for Messrs. Schlanger and Werner, results achieved by the Operations Services Group, and for Mr. Muck, results achieved
by the Eastern Hemisphere unit, (iii) each officer's individual contribution toward Exterran Holdings' and/or operating unit performance, including his demonstrated leadership and
implementation of Exterran Holdings' business strategy, (iv) the recommendations of Exterran Holdings' Chief Executive Officer, and (v) any other factors or criteria that the Exterran
Holdings Compensation Committee or Exterran Holdings' Chief Executive Officer, as applicable, chose to consider, in its or his discretion. No specific weight was given to any of these factors.

 To assess Exterran Holdings' 2014 performance, the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee considered where EBITDA, as adjusted, for purposes of the Exterran Holdings 2014 Incentive
Program, achieved for 2014 fell within the following target range:

 Below 
Threshold 
 
 Threshold 
 
 Target 
 
 Maximum 
 
 2014 
Actual 

 EBITDA, as adjusted (in millions)(1) 

 $ 
 548 

$ 
 548 

$ 
 685 

$ 
 822 

$ 
 671 

 Company performance percentage 

 0 

 50 
 % 
 
 100 
 % 
 
 150 
 % 
 
 95 
 % 

 (1) EBITDA,
as adjusted, is calculated as net income (loss) excluding income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of tax), cumulative effect of accounting
changes (net of tax), income taxes, interest expense (including debt extinguishment costs and gain or loss on termination of interest rate swaps), depreciation and amortization expense, impairment
charges, restructuring charges, non-cash gains or losses from foreign currency exchange rate changes recorded on intercompany obligations, expensed acquisition costs and other charges. EBITDA, as
adjusted for purposes of the Exterran Holdings 2014 Incentive Program, makes further adjustments, in the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee's discretion, relating to certain items that are
generally unusual or non-recurring in nature. EBITDA, as adjusted for purposes of the Exterran Holdings 2014 Incentive Program, also reflects the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee's revised
target and range, and Exterran Holdings' results, relating to the acquisitions of assets from MidCon Compression, L.L.C. in April and August 2014.

 To assess 2014 operating unit performance, the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee (or, for Messrs. Muck and Werner, Exterran Holdings' Chief Executive Officer) considered
the performance indicators shown below. For each of the Latin America, North America and Eastern Hemisphere operating units, the specified financial performance indicators were collectively weighted
at 60% to 70%, and the specified customer service, people and safety performance indicators were collectively weighted at 30% to 40%. For each of the Operations Services and the Corporate Services
operating units, the specified financial performance indicators were collectively weighted at 80%, and the specified people and safety performance indicators were collectively weighted at 20%. Based
on this

 128 

 Table of Contents 

assessment, achievement percentages for Exterran Holdings' operating units were determined to range from 103% to 118%.

 Operating Unit 

 Performance 
Indicator(1)

 Latin 
America 
 
 North 
America 
 
 Eastern 
Hemisphere 
 
 Operations 
Services 
 
 Corporate 
Services 

 Financial 
 
 Operating cash flow 
 
 Operating cash flow 
 
 Operating cash flow 
 
 EBITDA 
 
 Blended financial performance of Latin America, North America, Eastern Hemisphere and Operations Services operating units 

 Contract operations and fabrication bookings 
 
 Fabrication bookings 
 
 Fabrication bookings 
 
 Fabrication bookings gross margin 

 Field optimization savings 
 
 Net change in horsepower utilization 
 
 Working capital 

 Net change in horsepower utilization 

 Customer Service 
 
 Service availability percentage 
 
 Service availability percentage 
 
 Service reliability percentage 
 
 Not applicable 
 
 Not applicable 

 People 
 
 Supervisor effectiveness 
 
 Supervisor effectiveness 
 
 Supervisor effectiveness 
 
 Supervisor effectiveness 
 
 Supervisor effectiveness 

 Safety 
 
 Preventable vehicle incident rate 
 
 Preventable vehicle incident rate 
 
 Total recordable incident rate 
 
 Total recordable incident rate 
 
 Total recordable incident rate 

 Total recordable incident rate 
 
 Total recordable incident rate 

 (1) Exterran
Holdings has not disclosed Exterran Holdings' target levels with respect to the achievement of these operating unit performance indicators because
they are derived from internal analyses reflecting its business strategy and will not otherwise be publicly disclosed. Exterran Holdings believes its disclosure would provide Exterran Holdings'
competitors, customers and other third parties with significant insights regarding Exterran Holdings' confidential business strategies that could cause substantial competitive harm.

 Finally, the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee or, with respect to Messrs. Muck and Werner, Exterran Holdings' Chief Executive Officer, considered each Named Executive
Officer's individual
contribution toward Exterran Holdings and/or operating unit performance including, as individually applicable, implementation of operational improvements, contribution toward Exterran Holdings'
performance goals and initiatives and demonstrated leadership ability. During its assessment of 2014 performance for each Named Executive Officer other than Mr. Werner, who was not a direct
report of Exterran Holdings' Chief Executive Officer during 2014 and, consequently, not a member of

 129 

 Table of Contents 

the senior management team of Exterran Holdings during 2014, the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee also considered Exterran Holdings' extraordinary performance during 2014, including, among
other significant accomplishments: 

 &#149; organic growth of 261,000 operating compression horsepower in North America; 
 &#149; the completion and successful integration of two major asset acquisitions that increased operating compression horsepower by an
additional 554,000 horsepower in North America; 
 &#149; execution of several major long-term contracts for the provision of contract operations services in Latin America; 
 &#149; initiation of a dividend program and payment of four quarterly dividends of $0.15 per share during the year; 

 &#149; the successful launch of Exterran Holdings' C-Series line of configurable compressor packages; 

 &#149; the implementation of significant organizational design changes to simplify Exterran Holdings' operating structure; 

 &#149; the achievement of the lowest injury rates and best overall safety record in Exterran Holdings' history, and 

 &#149; the announcement of the spin-off. 

 Following its assessment of Exterran Holdings' performance, operating unit performance, individual performance and the additional factors discussed above, the Exterran Holdings
Compensation Committee approved the following cash payments under the Exterran Holdings 2014 Incentive Program to our Named Executive Officers. These amounts were paid in March 2015.

 Executive Officer

 Title 
 
 2014 Incentive 
Program Payout 
($) 

 Jon C. Biro 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

 100,000 
 (1) 

 Daniel K. Schlanger 
 
 Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing 

600,000 

 Steven W. Muck 
 
 Senior Vice President, International Operations 

425,000 

 Christopher T. Werner 
 
 Senior Vice President, Fabrication Services 

133,258 

 (1) Mr. Biro's
cash payment under the Exterran Holdings 2014 Incentive Program reflects the period of time he was employed by Exterran Holdings during
2014.

 With respect to the calendar year in which the spin-off is completed, we expect to adopt a cash incentive program for the benefit of our executives, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Named Executive Officers, covering the portion of such year following the completion of the spin-off. Our executives will remain eligible to receive cash incentive compensation under Exterran
Holdings' cash incentive program for the portion of such year prior to the completion of the spin-off. In subsequent
years, we expect that our Named Executive Officers will be eligible to earn annual cash incentive awards based on the attainment of specified company and/or individual performance objectives
established by our compensation committee. The applicable terms and conditions of the cash incentive awards will be determined by our compensation committee.

 Following
the completion of the spin-off, pursuant to the CEO Offer Letter, Mr. Way will be eligible for an annual bonus targeted at 100% of base salary. We currently expect that,
following the completion of the spin-off, our Named Executive Officers will continue to be eligible for the same target annual bonuses as prior to the completion of the spin-off. 

 130 

 Table of Contents 

Long-Term Incentive Compensation 

 The Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee believes that awarding a meaningful portion of our Named Executive Officers' total
compensation in the form of long-term incentive compensation aligns executives' interests with our stockholders' interests, emphasizes long-term financial and operational performance and helps to
retain key executives. Specifically, grants of: 

 &#149; Exterran Holdings Stock Options incentivize key employees to work toward long-term
performance objectives and the goal to achieve future stockholder appreciation, because options have value only when the value of common stock increases; 

 &#149; Exterran Holdings Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units incentivize key
employees to work toward long-term performance goals by aligning their interests with stockholders' interests; 

 &#149; Exterran Holdings Performance Awards encourage long-range planning through performance
factors designed to focus key employees on year-over-year performance improvements and initiatives and reward sustained stockholder value creation; and 

 &#149; Exterran Partners Phantom Units with distribution equivalent rights ("DERs") emphasize
Exterran Holdings' growth objectives with respect to Exterran Partners. Exterran Partners is a master limited partnership that provides natural gas contract operations services to customers throughout
the U.S. which Exterran Holdings controls and in which Exterran Holdings has an equity interest. DERs are the right to receive cash distributions on the units.

 Grants of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance awards during calendar year 2014 were made under the Exterran Holdings, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive
Plan (the "Exterran Holdings 2013 Plan"), which is administered by the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee. Awards of Exterran Partners phantom units are made from the Exterran Partners, L.P.
Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "Partnership Plan"), which is administered by the compensation committee of Exterran GP LLC, Exterran Partners' managing general partner.

 Equity-based long-term incentive awards ("LTI Awards") are granted and valued based on the market closing price of Exterran Holdings' common stock or Exterran Partners' common units on
the date of approval by the applicable compensation committee. LTI Awards to officers and employees generally vest one-third per year over a three-year period, subject to continued service through
each vesting date. In addition, LTI Awards may be subject to accelerated vesting as described below under " Information Regarding Executive Compensation&#151;Potential
Payments upon Termination or Change of Control ."

 Performance awards are payable based on achievement of certain specified performance indicators. Payout amounts under the performance awards are determined following the conclusion of
the performance period, which is generally one year, and may be settled in shares of Exterran Holdings' common stock or in cash, as determined by the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee.

 The Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee typically establishes its schedule for making annual LTI Awards several months in advance, and does not make such awards based on knowledge
of
material nonpublic information or in response to Exterran Holdings' stock price. This practice results in awards being granted on a regular, predictable cycle, after earnings information has been
disseminated to the marketplace. Equity-based awards are occasionally granted at other times during the year, such as upon the hiring of a new employee or following the promotion of an employee. In
some instances, the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee may be aware, at the time grants are made, of matters or potential developments that are not ripe for public disclosure at that time but
that may result in public announcement of material information at a later date.

 Exterran Holdings 2014 LTI Awards. In determining the Exterran Holdings 2014 LTI Awards for each Named Executive Officer, the
Exterran Holdings
Compensation Committee considered the factors

 131 

 Table of Contents 

discussed above under "How Exterran Holdings Determines Executive Compensation," and also reviewed share utilization with respect to the Exterran Holdings 2013 Plan, potential overhang and burn rate
under various award scenarios. As shown in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table for 2014 below, Mr. Schlanger received a mix of stock options, restricted stock, performance units and Exterran
Partners phantom units (awarded by Exterran Partners' compensation committee) and Messrs. Muck and Werner received restricted stock and performance units. The Exterran Holdings 2014 LTI Award
for Mr. Biro consisted of a new hire grant comprised entirely of restricted stock. Mr. Way was not employed by us or Exterran Holdings during 2014 and, accordingly, did not receive any
LTI Awards during 2014.

 Exterran Holdings 2014 Performance Units. The performance units awarded to the Named Executive Officers (other than Mr. Biro)
in 2014 (the
"Exterran Holdings 2014 Performance Units") were payable based on Exterran Holdings' EBITDA, as adjusted, achieved during the performance period from January 1, 2014 through December 31,
2014. The potential number of 2014 Performance Units that could be earned ranged from 0% to 150% of the target grant value. The Exterran Holdings 2014 Performance Unit target range for EBITDA, as
adjusted, and the results achieved by Exterran Holdings for 2014 as approved by the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee, were as follows:

 Below 
Threshold 
 
 Threshold 
 
 Target 
 
 Maximum 
 
 Company 
Performance/ 
Payout Percentage 
Achieved 

 EBITDA, as adjusted (in millions)(1) 

 $548 

$ 
 548 

$ 
 685 

$ 
 822 

$ 
 671 

 Payout as a percentage of target value 

 0 
 % 
 
 50 
 % 
 
 100 
 % 
 
 150 
 % 
 
 95 
 % 

 (1) EBITDA,
as adjusted, is calculated as net income (loss) excluding income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of tax), cumulative effect of accounting
changes (net of tax), income taxes, interest expense (including debt extinguishment costs and gain or loss on termination of interest rate swaps), depreciation and amortization expense, impairment
charges, restructuring charges, non-cash gains or losses from foreign currency exchange rate changes recorded on intercompany obligations, expensed acquisition costs and other charges. EBITDA, as
adjusted for purposes of the Exterran Holdings 2014 Performance Units, makes further adjustments, in the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee's discretion, relating to certain items that are
generally unusual or non-recurring in nature. EBITDA, as adjusted for purposes of the Exterran Holdings 2014 Performance Units, also reflects the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee's revised
target and range, and Exterran Holdings' results, relating to the acquisitions of assets from MidCon Compression, L.L.C in April and August 2014.

 The earned Exterran Holdings 2014 Performance Units vest one-third per year over a three-year period, subject to continued service through each vesting date, and are payable in cash
based on the market closing price of Exterran Holdings' common stock on the applicable vesting date. The Exterran Holdings 2014 Performance Units are subject to accelerated vesting as described under
"Severance Benefit Agreements and Change of Control Arrangements" below. See the Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table for 2014 below for more information about the Exterran Holdings 2014 Performance
Units awarded to our Named Executive Officers.

 In
connection with the spin-off, we intend to adopt a 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the "2015 Plan") in order to facilitate the grant of long-term incentives to employees (including our
Named Executive Officers and our Chief Executive Officer) and consultants of our company and its affiliates and to our directors and to obtain and retain the services of these individuals, which is
essential to our long-term success. However, we have not yet determined the terms and conditions of the 2015 Plan. 

 In
addition, following the completion of the spin-off, pursuant to the CEO Offer Letter, we expect to grant to Mr. Way, under the 2015 Plan, a restricted stock award valued, in
the aggregate, at 

 132 

 Table of Contents 

 $4,000,000.
We anticipate that Mr. Way's restricted stock award will vest ratably over a three-year period, subject to continued service through each vesting date. We do not expect to grant any
other equity awards to Mr. Way during calendar year 2015. 

 The Exterran Holdings equity awards held by our Named Executive Officers that are outstanding immediately prior to the spin-off will be subject to certain adjustments in connection with
the spin-off, as described under the section above entitled "The Spin-Off&#151;Treatment of Stock-Based Awards."

Retirement Savings, Health and Welfare Benefits 

 In 2014, our Named Executive Officers participated in benefit programs sponsored by Exterran Holdings and its affiliates on generally
the same basis as other salaried employees of Exterran Holdings in the country in which they are based. These benefits are designed to provide retirement income and protection against the financial
hardship that can result from illness, disability or death. We anticipate that, following the spin-off, our Chief Executive Officer and Named Executive Officers and employees will be eligible to
participate in a similar complement of retirement, health and welfare benefit plans and programs.

 Retirement Savings Plan. The Exterran Holdings 401(k) Plan allows certain employees who are U.S. citizens, including our Named
Executive Officers in
2014, to defer a portion of their eligible salary, up to the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code") maximum deferral amount, on a pre-tax basis. Participants make contributions to an account maintained by
an independent trustee and direct how those contributions are invested. Exterran Holdings matches 100% of a participant's contribution to a maximum of 1% of his or her annual eligible compensation,
plus 50% of the participant's contribution from 2% to a maximum of 6% of his or her annual eligible compensation, for a total company match of up to 3.5% of annual eligible compensation. Participants
vest in the matching contributions after two years of employment. Exterran Holdings also maintains an International Savings Plan designed to provide comparable benefits to certain employees who are
not U.S. citizens.

 Deferred Compensation Plan. The Exterran Holdings Deferred Compensation Plan allows certain key employees who are U.S. citizens,
including our Named
Executive Officers in 2014, to defer receipt of their compensation, including up to 100% of their salaries and bonuses, and be credited with company contributions designed to serve as a make-up for
the portion of the employer-matching contribution that cannot be made under the Exterran Holdings 401(k) Plan due to Code limits. Participants generally must make elections relating to compensation
deferrals and plan distributions in the year preceding that in which the compensation is earned. Contributions to the Exterran Holdings Deferred Compensation Plan are self-directed investments in the
various funds available under the plan. There are thus no interest calculations or earnings measures other than the performance of the investment funds selected by the participant. Participants direct
how their contributions are invested and may change these elections at any time, provided that such changes in elections comply with Section 409A of the Code. We anticipate establishing a
deferred compensation plan prior to the completion of the spin-off for the benefit of our employees, as described in greater detail below.

 Health and Welfare Benefit Plans. Exterran Holdings maintains a standard complement of health and welfare benefit plans for its
employees, including
our Named Executive Officers in 2014, which provide
medical, dental and vision benefits, flexible spending accounts, short-term and long-term disability insurance, accidental death and dismemberment insurance and life insurance coverage. These benefits
were provided to our Named Executive Officers in 2014 on the same terms and conditions as they are provided to other employees of Exterran Holdings.

 Perquisites. As in prior years, Exterran Holdings provided limited perquisites during 2014. Certain of our Named Executive Officers
were entitled to
a taxable benefit of tax preparation and planning services. Certain employees who are asked to relocate receive an expatriate compensation package,

 133 

 Table of Contents 

which generally includes assistance with housing and education expenses and, where applicable, a hardship premium. Exterran Holdings' policies prohibit tax gross-ups on perquisites, other than
gross-ups provided pursuant to an expatriate tax equalization plan, policy or arrangement.

Severance Benefit Agreements and Change of Control Arrangements 

 Severance Benefit and Change of Control Agreements. As of December 31, 2014, Exterran Holdings was party to severance benefit
agreements and
change of control agreements with each of Messrs. Biro, Schlanger and Muck. Neither Mr. Way nor Mr. Werner was a party to a severance benefit agreement or change of control
agreements with Exterran Holdings during 2014. However, Mr. Werner entered into severance benefit and change of control agreements with Exterran Holdings in February 2015, and Mr. Way
entered into such agreements upon his commencement of employment with Exterran Holdings in July 2015.

 The Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee believes these types of agreements are a customary part of executive compensation and, therefore, necessary to attract and retain executive
talent. The change of control agreements are structured as "double trigger" agreements. In other words, the change of control alone does not trigger benefits; rather, benefits are paid only if the
executive incurs a qualifying termination of employment within 18 months following a change of control.

 We anticipate entering into new severance benefit agreements and change of control agreements with some or all of our Named Executive Officers effective as of the spin-off. Each
severance benefit agreement and change of control agreement with our Named Executive Officers is expected to be substantially similar to the severance benefit agreements and change of control
agreements between our Named Executive Officers and Exterran Holdings prior to the spin-off. Any Named Executive Officer who does not enter into a new severance benefit agreement and change of control
agreement with us may retain the rights set forth in his existing severance benefit and change of control agreements.

 See
" Information Regarding Executive Compensation&#151;Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control ," below, for a
description of the terms of the change of control agreements and the severance benefit agreements, as well as estimates of the potential payouts under those agreements. 

 Equity Plans. The Exterran Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Exterran Holdings 2007 Plan"), the
Exterran Holdings
2013 Plan and the Partnership Plan each permit, the accelerated vesting of outstanding equity awards upon a change of control. The outstanding award agreements for awards granted to employees under
the Exterran Holdings 2007 Plan provide that, only the portion of the award scheduled to vest within the 12 months following a change of control will vest upon the change of control, with the
remainder of the award continuing to vest as per the original vesting schedule, unless a change of control is followed by a qualifying termination of employment (in which case the award will vest in
full upon such termination). The outstanding award agreements for awards granted to employees under the Partnership Plan prior to March 2014 provide for full accelerated vesting of the award upon a
change of control. In March 2014, Exterran Holdings determined to eliminate any single-trigger accelerated vesting with respect to future equity awards in order to incentivize its employees to remain
in employment following a change of control. The award agreements for all awards granted to employees under the Exterran Holdings 2013 Plan and the Partnership Plan during or after March 2014 do not
provide for accelerated vesting upon a change of control unless the grantee incurs a qualifying termination of employment within eighteen months following the change of control (in which case the
award will vest in full upon such termination). See " Information Regarding Executive Compensation&#151;Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of
Control ," below, for more information about equity vesting under various circumstances.

 401(k) Plan. The Exterran Holdings 401(k) Plan provides for accelerated vesting of any unvested employer matching contributions
following a change of
control.

 134 

 Table of Contents 

Other Policies and Considerations 

 Stock Ownership Requirements. The Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee believes that stock ownership requirements closely align
its officers'
interests with those of its stockholders by ensuring its officers have a meaningful ownership stake in Exterran Holdings. Certain of our Named Executive Officers were required to hold an amount of
Exterran Holdings' common stock with a market value of at least three times their annual base salary. Executive officers generally have five years from their date of hire or promotion, respectively,
to meet Exterran Holdings' stock ownership requirement. As of December 31, 2014, each Named Executive Officer who was subject to this policy was in compliance with it. We anticipate
implementing a stock ownership policy applicable to our Named Executive Officers and Chief Executive Officer following the spin-off; however, the terms and conditions of any such stock ownership
policy have not yet been determined.

 Prohibition on Hedging. Exterran Holdings maintains a policy prohibiting all employees and directors from entering into any
transaction designed to
hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of Exterran Holdings' equity securities, including purchasing financial instruments (such as variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars or
exchange funds), or otherwise trading in market options (such as puts or calls), warrants, or other derivative instruments of Exterran Holdings' equity securities. We anticipate implementing a similar
prohibition on hedging effective following the spin-off.

Tax and Accounting Considerations: 

 Section 162(m) of the Code. Section 162(m) of the Code generally disallows the deductibility of certain compensation expenses
in excess
of $1,000,000 to any one executive officer within a fiscal year. Compensation that is "performance-based" is excluded from this limitation. For compensation to be "performance-based," it must meet
certain criteria, including performance goals approved by Exterran Holdings' stockholders and, in certain cases, objective targets based on performance goals approved by
Exterran Holdings' stockholders. Exterran Holdings believes that maintaining the discretion to evaluate the performance of its executive officers through the use of performance-based compensation is
an important part of Exterran Holdings' responsibilities and benefits Exterran Holdings' stockholders, even if it may be non-deductible under Section 162(m) of the Code. The Exterran Holdings
Compensation Committee, in coordination with management, periodically assesses the potential application of Section 162(m) of the Code on incentive compensation awards and other compensation
decisions. Following the spin-off, we expect that our compensation committee will periodically assess the potential application of Section 162(m) of the Code on incentive compensation awards
and other compensation decisions with respect to our executive officers.

 Section 280G of the Code. Section 280G of the Code disallows a tax deduction for excess parachute payments to certain
executives of
companies that undergo a change of control. In addition, Section 4999 of the Code imposes a 20% excise tax on the individual with respect to the excess parachute payment. Parachute payments are
compensation linked to or triggered by a change of control and may include, but are not limited to, bonus payments, severance payments, certain fringe benefits, and payments and acceleration of
vesting from long-term incentive plans including stock options and other equity-based compensation. Excess parachute payments are parachute payments that exceed a threshold determined under
Section 280G of the Code based on the executive's prior compensation. 

 Section 409A of the Code. Section 409A of the Code requires that "nonqualified deferred compensation" be deferred and paid under
plans
or arrangements that satisfy the requirements of the statute with respect to the timing of deferral elections, timing of payments and certain other matters. Failure to satisfy these requirements can
expose employees and other service providers to accelerated income tax liabilities, substantial additional taxes and interest on their vested compensation under such plans. Accordingly, as a general
matter, it is Exterran Holdings' and our intention to design and administer our respective compensation and benefit plans and arrangements for all of our employees

 135 

 Table of Contents 

and other service providers, including our Named Executive Officers, so that they are either exempt from, or satisfy the requirements of, Section 409A of the Code.

New Executive Employment Letters 

 Exterran Holdings has entered into the CEO Offer Letter with Mr. Way which describes the terms and conditions of his employment
with Exterran Holdings which commenced on July 1, 2015 and with us following the spin-off. We anticipate that we will assume Exterran Holdings' obligations under the CEO Offer Letter at the
effective time of the spin-off. In addition, in connection with the spin-off, we anticipate entering into new employment letters with some or all of our Named Executive Officers (the "NEO Employment
Letters") which will set forth the terms and conditions of their employment with us following the spin-off. These material terms of these employment letters are described in more detail below.

CEO Offer Letter 

 Pursuant to the CEO Offer Letter, Mr. Way commenced employment with Exterran Holdings on July 1, 2015, and he will serve
as Executive Vice President of Exterran Holdings until the spin-off. Effective as of the completion of the spin-off, Mr. Way will serve as our President and Chief Executive Officer. The CEO
Offer Letter provides that Mr. Way will be eligible to receive an initial annual base salary of $750,000 and an annual short term incentive targeted at 100% of base salary, and to participate
in all employee benefit plans maintained by us for the benefit of our executive officers generally. Mr. Way also received a one-time cash signing bonus in the amount of $2,000,000 in connection
with his commencement of employment with Exterran Holdings, which is intended, in part, to compensate Mr. Way for the value of the expatriate compensation package that he would have been
entitled to receive from his prior employer during 2015 had his employment not terminated. Mr. Way must repay the signing bonus in full in the event that either: (i) he voluntarily
terminates employment prior to July 1, 2016, and the spin-off has not been completed at the time of such termination or (ii) the spin-off occurs on or prior to July 1, 2016 and he
voluntarily terminates employment prior to July 1, 2017.

 Following
the completion of the spin-off, the CEO Offer Letter provides that Mr. Way will be granted a restricted stock award pursuant to the 2015 Plan valued, in the aggregate,
at $4,000,000. Mr. Way's restricted stock award will vest ratably over the three year period following the grant date, subject to continued service through each vesting date. As noted above, we
do not expect to grant any other equity awards to Mr. Way during calendar year 2015. The CEO Offer Letter also indicates that, commencing with fiscal year 2016, we anticipate that
Mr. Way may receive annual grants of equity awards valued, in the aggregate, at $3,300,000, subject to annual review in the discretion of our compensation committee. 

 Pursuant to the CEO Offer Letter, upon his commencement of employment with Exterran Holdings, Mr. Way entered into severance benefit and change of control agreements with Exterran
Holdings. Upon the completion of the spin-off, these agreements will terminate and Mr. Way will enter into new severance benefit and change of control agreements with us. For additional detail
regarding these severance benefit and change of control agreements, see " Information Regarding Executive Compensation&#151;Potential Payments upon Termination or Change
of Control " below.

NEO Employment Letters 

 We have not yet entered into new employment letters with our Named Executive Officers. However, as noted above, we expect that we will
enter into NEO Employment Letters with some or all of our Named Executive Officers on or before the spin-off, which will become effective as of the completion of the spin-off.

 136 

 Table of Contents 

 We
anticipate that each NEO Employment Letter will include the applicable Named Executive Officer's post-spin-off title and provide for standard compensation and benefits, including an
annual base salary, a target annual short-term incentive, annual long-term equity incentives and participation in all employee benefit plans maintained by us for the benefit of our executive officers
generally. Each NEO Employment Letter is also expected to provide for the payment of a retention incentive to the applicable Named Executive Officer, either in cash, shares of restricted stock, or a
combination of both. 

 In addition, pursuant to the NEO Employment Letters, we expect that the Named Executive Officers will enter into new severance benefit and change of control agreements with us which will
become effective upon the closing of the spin-off. Any Named Executive Officer who does not enter into an NEO Employment Letter, severance benefit agreement and change of control agreement may retain
the rights set forth in his existing severance benefit and change of control agreements. For additional detail regarding these severance benefit and change of control agreements, see
" Information Regarding Executive Compensation&#151;Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control " below.

 INFORMATION REGARDING EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 The tables below set forth certain compensation information paid or awarded by Exterran Holdings during the year ended
December 31, 2014. As noted above, because Mr. Way was not employed by us or Exterran Holdings in 2014, his 2014 compensation is not included in the tables below.

Summary Compensation Table for 2014 

 The following table shows the compensation paid during 2014 to our Named Executive Officers by Exterran Holdings. Positions reflect
positions with us, and not positions with Exterran Holdings during 2014.

 Name and Title

 Year 
 
 Salary 
($) 
 
 Stock 
Awards 
($)(1) 
 
 Option 
Awards 
($)(2) 
 
 Non-Equity 
Incentive Plan 
Compensation 
($)(3) 
 
 All Other 
Compensation 
($)(4) 
 
 Total 
($) 

 Jon C. Biro, 

 2014 

 113,077 
 (5) 
 
 499,974 

 &#151; 

 100,000 

 5,151 

 718,202 

 Senior Vice President 

 and Chief Financial Officer 

 Daniel K. Schlanger, 

2014 

407,308 

511,980 

279,995 

600,000 

64,447 

1,863,730 

 Senior Vice President, 

 Sales and Marketing 

 Steven W. Muck, 

2014 

334,718 

632,646 

&#151; 

425,000 

35,155 

1,427,519 

 Senior Vice President, International Operations 

 Christopher T. Werner, 

2014 

285,717 

232,626 

&#151; 

133,258 

20,510 

672,111 

 Senior Vice President, Fabrication Services 

 (1) The
amounts in this column represent the grant date fair value of (a) restricted shares of Exterran Holdings' common stock, (b) Exterran
Holdings 2014 Performance Units, as finally determined by the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee following the conclusion of the applicable performance period, and (c) Exterran Partners
phantom units, awarded and recognized by Exterran Partners. The grant date fair value of these awards was calculated in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards
Codification 718, "Stock Compensation" ("ASC 718"). For a discussion of valuation assumptions, see Note 18 to the

 137 

 Table of Contents 

 consolidated
financial statements in Exterran Holdings' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014.

 (2) The
amounts in this column for 2014 represent the grant date fair value of options to purchase Exterran Holdings' common stock, calculated in accordance
with ASC 718. For a discussion of valuation assumptions, see Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements in Exterran Holdings' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2014.

 (3) The
amounts in this column for 2014 represent cash payments under the Exterran Holdings 2014 Incentive Program, which covered the compensation measurement
and performance year ended December 31, 2014, and were paid during the first quarter of 2015.

 (4) The
amounts in this column for 2014 include the following: 

 Name

 401(k) Plan 
Company 
Contribution 
($)(a) 
 
 Deferred 
Compensation 
Plan 
Company 
Contribution 
($)(b) 
 
 Tax 
Preparation 
and 
Planning 
Services 
($) 
 
 DERs / 
Dividends 
($)(c) 
 
 Other 
($) 
 
 Total 
($) 

 Jon C. Biro 

 3,452 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,699 

 &#151; 

 5,151 

 Daniel K. Schlanger 

 9,100 

 4,931 

 5,000 

 45,416 

 &#151; 

 64,447 

 Steven W. Muck 

 9,100 

 2,511 

 &#151; 

 13,544 

 10,000 
 (d) 
 
 35,155 

 Christopher T. Werner 

 9,100 

 2,111 

 &#151; 

 9,299 

 &#151; 

 20,510 

 (a) The
amounts shown represent Exterran Holdings' matching contributions for 2014.

 (b) Our
Named Executive Officers could contribute up to 100% of their base pay and bonus to the Exterran Holdings Deferred Compensation Plan, which Exterran
Holdings matched for 2014 up to a maximum of 3.5% of the executive's annual eligible compensation, less Exterran Holdings' matching contributions to the executive's 401(k) account.

 (c) Represents
cash payments pursuant to (i) dividends on unvested restricted shares of Exterran Holdings' common stock awarded under the Exterran
Holdings 2007 Plan and Exterran Holdings 2013 Plan, (ii) dividend equivalents accrued in 2014 which were paid in March 2015 on unvested Exterran Holdings 2014 Performance Units awarded under
the Exterran Holdings 2013 Plan as finally determined by the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee following conclusion of the 2014 performance period, and (iii) DERs on unvested Exterran
Partners phantom units awarded under the Partnership Plan.

 (d) Represents
a $10,000 housing allowance received by Mr. Muck while serving on assignment while based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. 

 (5) Reflects
the portion of Mr. Biro's base salary earned by him from September 22, 2014, the date on which his employment with us commenced,
through December 31, 2014. 
 
 138 

 Table of Contents 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards for 2014 

 The following table shows the short- and long-term incentive plan awards granted to the Named Executive Officers by Exterran Holdings
in 2014.

 All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units (#) 
 
 All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) 

 Estimated Possible Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards(1) 
 
 Estimated Possible Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards(2) 
 
 Exercise or Base Price of Option Awards ($/SH) 
 
 Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards ($)(3) 

 Name

 Grant Date 
 
 Threshold ($) 
 
 Target ($) 
 
 Maximum ($) 
 
 Threshold (#) 
 
 Target (#) 
 
 Maximum (#) 

 Jon C. Biro 

 9/22/2014 

 0 

 80,548 

 161,096 

 11,327 
 (4) 

 499,974 

 Daniel K. Schlanger 

0 

294,000 

588,000 

 3/04/2014 

 0 

 3,885 

 5,828 

 159,984 

 3/04/2014 

 6,799 
 (4) 

 279,983 

 3/04/2014 

 19,350 
 (5) 
 
 41.18 

 279,995 

 3/04/2014 

 2,623 
 (6) 

 80,002 

 Steven W. Muck 

 3/4/2014 

 0 

 1,141 

 1,712 

 46,986 

 3/4/2014 

 4,565 
 (4) 

 187,987 

 4/29/2014 

 9,292 
 (4) 

 400,021 

 Christopher T. Werner 

3/4/2014 

0 

1,141 

1,712 

46,986 

 3/4/2014 

 4,565 
 (4) 

 187,987 

 (1) The
amounts in these columns show the range of potential payouts under the Exterran Holdings 2014 Incentive Program. The actual payouts under the plan were
determined in February 2015 and paid in March 2015, as shown in the Summary Compensation Table for 2014, above.

 (2) The
amounts in these columns show the range of potential payouts of Exterran Holdings 2014 Performance Units awarded as part of the 2014 LTI Award. "Target"
is the number of Exterran Holdings 2014 Performance Units awarded. "Threshold" is the lowest possible payout (0% of the grant), and "Maximum" is the highest possible payout (150% of the grant). See
" Long-Term Incentive Compensation&#151;Exterran Holdings 2014 Performance Units " for a description of the Exterran Holdings 2014 Performance Units.

 (3) The
grant date fair value of performance units, restricted stock, stock option awards and Exterran Partners phantom units is calculated in accordance with
ASC 718. Exterran Holdings 2014 performance units are shown at target value.

 (4) Shares
of restricted stock awarded under the Exterran Holdings 2013 Plan that vest one-third per year over a three-year period, subject to continued service
through each vesting date.

 (5) Stock
options awarded under the Exterran Holdings 2013 Plan that vest one-third per year over a three-year period, subject to continued service through each
vesting date.

 (6) Exterran
Partners phantom units awarded under the Partnership Plan that vest one-third per year over a three-year period, subject to continued service
through each vesting date. 

 139 

 Table of Contents 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End for 2014 

 The following table shows our Named Executive Officers' equity awards and equity-based awards denominated in Exterran Holdings' common
stock or Exterran Partners' common units outstanding at December 31, 2014.

 Option Awards 
 
 Stock Awards 

 Name

 Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options 
(#) 
Exercisable 
 
 Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options 
(#) 
Unexercisable 
 
 Option 
Exercise 
Price 
($) 
 
 Option 
Expiration 
Date 
 
 Number of 
Shares or 
Units of 
Stock That 
Have Not 
Vested 
(#) 
 
 Market Value of 
Shares or Units 
of Stock That 
Have Not Vested 
($) 
 
 Equity 
Incentive Plan 
Awards: 
Number of 
Unearned 
Shares, Units 
or Other 
Rights That 
Have Not Yet 
Vested 
(#) 
 
 Equity 
Incentive Plan 
Awards: 
Market or 
Payout Value 
of Unearned 
Shares, Units 
or Other 
Rights That 
Have Not Yet 
Vested 
($) 

 Jon C. Biro 

 11,327 
 (2) 
 
 369,034 
 (3) 

 Daniel K. Schlanger 

21,690 

&#151; 

67.30 

03/04/2015 

 17,114 

 &#151; 

 22.75 

 02/28/2017 

 7,247 

 &#151; 

 75.27 

 06/12/2017 

 31,150 

 &#151; 

 22.82 

 03/04/2018 

 29,045 

 16,275 
 (10) 
 
 14.36 

 03/04/2019 

 20,752 
 (2) 
 
 676,100 
 (3) 
 
 5,422 
 (4) 
 
 176,649 
 (3) 

 10,042 

 20,082 
 (1) 
 
 25.04 

 03/04/2020 

 5,992 
 (6) 
 
 129,547 
 (7) 
 
 5,520 
 (8) 
 
 179,842 
 (3) 

 &#151; 

 19,350 
 (5) 
 
 41.18 

 03/04/2021 

 3,691 
 (9) 
 
 120,253 
 (3) 

 Steven W. Muck 

15,360 

67.30 

3/4/2015 

22,854 
 (2) 

744,583 
 (3) 

1,457 
 (4) 

47,469 
 (3) 

 4,225 

 36.86 

 7/8/2015 

 1,622 
 (8) 
 
 52,845 
 (3) 

 1,084 
 (9) 
 
 35,317 
 (3) 

 Christopher T. Werner 

10,483 

19.13 

5/11/2016 

13,562 
 (2) 

441,850 
 (3) 

1,457 
 (4) 

47,469 
 (3) 

 10,903 

 22.75 

 2/28/2017 

 1,622 
 (8) 
 
 52,845 
 (3) 

 1,084 
 (9) 
 
 35,317 
 (3) 

 (1) Stock
options awarded under the Exterran Holdings 2007 Plan that vest at the rate of one-third per year beginning on March 4, 2014, subject to
continued service through each vesting date, with a term of seven years following the grant date.

 140 

 Table of Contents 

 (2) Shares
of restricted stock awarded under the Exterran Holdings 2007 Plan or Exterran Holdings 2013 Plan that vest at the rate of one-third per year
beginning on the initial vesting date shown below, subject to continued service through each vesting date.

 Name

 Unvested 
Shares 
 
 Initial 
Vesting Date 

 Jon C. Biro 

 11,327 
 
 9/22/2015 

 Daniel K. Schlanger 

6,499 

03/04/2013 

 7,454 
 
 03/04/2014 

 6,799 
 
 03/04/2015 

 Steven W. Muck 

3,992 

3/4/2013 

 5,005 
 
 3/4/2014 

 4,565 
 
 3/4/2015 

 9,292 
 
 4/29/2015 

 Christopher T. Werner 

3,992 

3/4/2013 

 5,005 
 
 3/4/2014 

 4,565 
 
 3/4/2015 

 (3) Based
on the market closing price of Exterran Holdings' common stock on December 31, 2014 ($32.58).

 (4) Performance
units awarded under the Exterran Holdings 2007 Plan that vest at the rate of one-third per year beginning on March 4, 2013, subject to
continued service through each vesting date. Amounts shown are the actual number of units awarded, as finally determined by the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee following the conclusion of the
applicable performance period.

 (5) Stock
options awarded under the Exterran Holdings 2013 Plan that vest at the rate of one-third per year beginning on March 4, 2015, subject to
continued service through each vesting date, with a term of seven years following the grant date.

 (6) Phantom
units awarded under the Partnership Plan that vest at the rate of one-third per year beginning on the initial vesting date shown below, subject to
continued service through each vesting date. 

 Name

 Unvested 
Units 
 
 Initial 
Vesting Date 

 Daniel K. Schlanger 

 1,125 

 03/04/2013 

 2,244 

 03/04/2014 

 2,623 

 03/04/2015 

 (7) Based
on the market closing price of Exterran Partners' common units on December 31, 2014 ($21.62).

 (8) Performance
units awarded under the Exterran Holdings 2007 Plan that vest at the rate of one-third per year beginning on March 4, 2014, subject to
continued service through each vesting date. Amounts shown are the actual number of units awarded, as finally determined by the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee following the conclusion of the
applicable performance period.

 (9) Performance
units awarded under the Exterran Holdings 2013 Plan that vest at the rate of one-third per year beginning on March 4, 2015, subject to
continued service through each vesting date. Amounts shown are the actual number of units awarded, as finally determined by the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee following the conclusion of the
applicable performance period.

 (10) Stock
options awarded under the Exterran Holdings 2007 Plan that vest at the rate of one-third per year beginning on March 4, 2013, subject to
continued service through each vesting date, with a term of seven years following the grant date. 

 141 

 Table of Contents 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested for 2014 

 The following table shows the value realized by the Named Executive Officers upon stock option exercises and stock award vesting of
equity awards covering Exterran Holdings' common stock or the common units of Exterran Partners during 2014.

 Option Awards 
 
 Stock Awards 

 Name

 Number of 
Shares 
Acquired on 
Exercise 
(#) 
 
 Value 
Realized on 
Exercise 
($) 
 
 Number of 
Shares and 
Units 
Acquired on 
Vesting 
(#)(1) 
 
 Value 
Realized on 
Vesting ($)(2) 

 Jon C. Biro 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Daniel K. Schlanger 

25,893 

568,081 

25,112 

1,002,927 

 Steven W. Muck 

10,042 

174,805 

14,072 

586,528 

 Christopher T. Werner 

&#151; 

&#151; 

13,647 

554,936 

 (1) Includes
Exterran Holdings' restricted stock and Exterran Partners phantom units that vested during 2014.

 (2) The
value realized for vested awards was determined by multiplying the fair market value of the restricted stock (market closing price of Exterran Holdings'
common stock on the vesting date) or Exterran Partners phantom units (market closing price of Exterran Partners' common units on the vesting date) by the number of shares or units that vested. Shares
and units vested on various dates throughout the year; therefore, the value listed represents the aggregate value of all shares and units that vested for each Named Executive Officer in 2014.

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2014 

 The following table shows the Named Executive Officers' compensation under Exterran Holdings' nonqualified deferred compensation plan
for 2014.

 Name

 Executive 
Contributions 
in Last 
Fiscal Year 
($) 
 
 Company 
Contributions 
in Last 
Fiscal Year 
($)(1) 
 
 Aggregate 
Earnings 
(Losses) 
in Last 
Fiscal Year 
($) 
 
 Aggregate 
Withdrawals/ 
Distributions 
($) 
 
 Aggregate 
Balance at 
Last Fiscal 
Year End 
($) 

 Jon C. Biro 

 5,815 

 565 

 118 

 &#151; 

 5,933 

 Daniel K. Schlanger 

 &#151; 

 4,931 

 5,185 

 &#151; 

 90,713 

 Steven W. Muck 

 &#151; 

 2,511 

 101 

 &#151; 

 9,566 

 Christopher T. Werner 

 &#151; 

 2,111 

 412 

 &#151; 

 7,221 

 (1) The
amounts in this column represent Exterran Holdings' contributions to each Named Executive Officer's Deferred Compensation Plan account earned in 2014
but paid in the first quarter of 2015. These amounts are included in "All Other Compensation" in the Summary Compensation Table for 2014, above, but are not included in "Aggregate Balance at Last
Fiscal Year End."

 We anticipate establishing a nonqualified deferred compensation plan (the "Deferred Compensation Plan") for the benefit of our employees which will be effective following the spin-off.
We expect that the Deferred Compensation Plan will be substantially similar to the deferred compensation plan maintained by Exterran Holdings for the benefit of its employees prior to the

 142 

 Table of Contents 

 completion
of the spin-off. The material terms of the Deferred Compensation Plan, as currently contemplated, are set forth below. 

 Under
the Deferred Compensation Plan, eligible employees will be permitted to defer receipt of up to 100% of their base salary, annual bonus and, if designated by the plan administrator,
regular commissions. We will also make certain employer matching contributions designed to serve as a make-up for the portion of the employer matching contributions that cannot be made under our
401(k) plan due to Code limits. The amounts deferred under each participant's Deferred Compensation Plan account will be deemed to be invested in investment alternatives chosen by the participant from
a range of choices established by the plan administrator. The balances of participant accounts will be adjusted to reflect the gains or losses that would have been obtained if the participant
contributions had actually been invested in the applicable investment alternatives. 

 Participants
may elect to defer the distribution of their account balances until the occurrence of a specified future date or event, including: (i) a future date while the
participant is employed by us, as specified by the participant, (ii) the participant's separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code), including due to death,
or (iii) the participant's disability. Participants may also elect whether to receive distributions of their account balances in a single lump-sum amount or in annual installments to be paid
over a period of two to ten years. 

 Payment
of a participant's account will be made or commence, as applicable, as follows: (i) for lump sum payments, on the earlier of: (x) in the case of a specified
in-service date, January 1 of such year and (y) in the case of a separation from service or disability, the date of the participant's separation of service or, if earlier, disability and
(ii) for installment payments, the earlier of: (x) in the case of a specified in-service date, January 1 of such year and (y) in the case of a separation from service or
disability, January 1 of the calendar year immediately following the date of the participant's separation of service or, if earlier, disability. 

 We
expect that the Deferred Compensation Plan will be administered by our compensation committee. The Deferred Compensation Plan will be an unfunded plan for tax purposes and for
purposes of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. We expect to establish a "rabbi trust" to satisfy our obligations under the Deferred Compensation Plan. 

Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control 

 Exterran Holdings Severance Benefit Agreements. As of December 31, 2014, Exterran Holdings had entered into severance benefit
agreements with
each of Messrs. Biro, Schlanger and Muck. Neither Mr. Way nor Mr. Werner was a party to a severance benefit agreement or change of control agreements with Exterran Holdings during
2014. However, Mr. Werner entered into a severance benefit agreement with Exterran Holdings in February 2015, and Mr. Way entered into a severance benefit agreement with Exterran
Holdings upon his commencement of employment in July 2015. The terms and conditions of these severance benefit agreements are substantially similar.

 Each severance benefit agreement with Exterran Holdings provides that if the executive's employment is terminated by Exterran Holdings without cause or by the executive with good reason
at any time through the term of the agreement (one year, to be automatically renewed for successive one-year periods until 365 days' prior notice is given by either party), he will receive a
lump sum payment in cash on the 60 th day (for Messrs. Biro, Werner and Way) or the 35 th day (for Messrs. Schlanger and Muck) after the
termination date equal to the sum of: 

 &#149; his annual base salary then in effect; 
 &#149; his target annual incentive bonus opportunity for the termination year; 
 
 143 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; a pro-rated portion of his target annual incentive bonus opportunity for the termination year based on the length of time during which
he was employed during such year (collectively, the "Non-CIC Cash Severance"); and 
 &#149; for Mr. Way, any earned but unpaid annual incentive award for the fiscal year ending prior to the termination date. 

 In
addition, the executive will be entitled to: 

 &#149; the accelerated vesting as of the termination date of his outstanding unvested Exterran Holdings equity, equity-based or cash awards
and Exterran Partners phantom units (subject to the consent of the compensation committee of Exterran Holdings GP LLC's board of directors) that were scheduled to vest within
12 months following the termination date (the "Non-CIC Accelerated Vesting"), and for Mr. Way, the accelerated vesting as of the termination date of his outstanding unvested equity,
equity-based or cash awards denominated in shares of our common stock that were scheduled to vest within 12 months following the termination date; and 

 &#149; continued coverage under Exterran Holdings' medical benefit plans for him and his eligible dependents for up to one year following the
termination date.

 Each executive's entitlement to the payments and benefits under his severance benefit agreement with Exterran Holdings is subject to his execution of a waiver and release for Exterran
Holdings' benefit.

 New Severance Benefit Agreements. We anticipate entering into new severance benefit agreements with some or all of our Named
Executive Officers and
our Chief Executive Officer effective as of the spin-off. Each severance benefit agreement with our Named Executive Officers and Chief Executive Officer is expected to be substantially similar to the
severance benefit agreements between each of our Named Executive Officers and Chief Executive Officer and Exterran Holdings prior to the spin-off, as described above, except that with respect to our
Named Executive Officers: 

 &#149; the executive's Cash Severance will also include any earned but unpaid annual incentive award for the fiscal year ending prior to the
termination date; and 
 &#149; the executive will also be entitled to accelerated vesting as of the termination date of his outstanding unvested equity, equity-based
or cash awards denominated in shares of our common stock that were scheduled to vest within 12 months following the termination date (in addition to the Non-CIC Accelerated Vesting described
above). 

 Any Named Executive Officer who does not enter into a new severance benefit agreement with us may retain the rights set forth in his existing severance benefit agreement.

 Change of Control Agreements. As of December 31, 2014, Exterran Holdings had entered into change of control agreements with
each of
Messrs. Biro, Schlanger and Muck. Neither Mr. Way nor Mr. Werner was a party to a change of control agreement with Exterran Holdings during 2014. However, Mr. Werner
entered into a change of control agreement with Exterran Holdings in February 2015, and Mr. Way entered into a change of control agreement with Exterran Holdings upon his commencement of
employment on or about July 1, 2015. The terms and conditions of these change of control agreements are substantially similar.

 Each change of control agreement with Exterran Holdings provides that if the executive's employment is terminated by Exterran Holdings other than for cause, death or disability, or by
the executive for good reason (in each case, a "Qualifying Termination"), within 18 months following a

 144 

 Table of Contents 

change of control of Exterran Holdings (as defined in the change of control agreements), he will receive a cash payment within 60 days after the termination date equal
to: 

 &#149; two times his current annual base salary plus two times his target annual incentive bonus opportunity for that year (the "CIC Cash
Severance"); and 

 &#149; two times the total of the company contributions that would have been credited to him under the Exterran Holdings 401(k) Plan and any
other deferred compensation plan had he made the required amount of elective deferrals or contributions during the 12 months immediately preceding the termination month.

 In
addition, the executive will be entitled to: 

 &#149; any amount previously deferred, or earned but not paid, by him under the incentive and nonqualified deferred compensation plans or
programs as of the termination date; 

 &#149; continued coverage under Exterran Holdings' medical benefit plans for him and his eligible dependents for up to two years following
the termination date; 

 &#149; the accelerated vesting of all his unvested Exterran Holdings stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other
stock-based awards, and all Exterran Partners common units, unit appreciation rights, unit awards or other unit-based awards and all cash-based incentive awards (collectively, the "CIC Accelerated
Vesting") and for Mr. Way, accelerated vesting of his outstanding unvested equity, equity-based or cash awards denominated in shares of our common stock; 

 &#149; for Mr. Schlanger (whose change of control agreement predates Exterran Holdings' 2009 policy to no longer include tax gross-ups
in such agreements, as described below), an additional gross-up payment if a payment or distribution we make to him or for his benefit is subject to a federal excise tax; and 

 &#149; for Mr. Way, a Section 280G "best pay" provision pursuant to which in the event any payments or benefits received by
Mr. Way would be subject to an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, Mr. Way will receive either the full amount of his payments or a reduced amount such that no portion of
the payments is subject to the excise tax (whichever results in the greater after-tax benefit to Mr. Way). 

 In exchange for any payment under his change of control agreement, each executive would agree not to, for two years following his termination, (1) disclose Exterran Holdings'
confidential information, (2) employ or seek to employ any of Exterran Holdings' key employees or encourage any key employee to terminate employment with Exterran Holdings or (3) engage
in a competitive business. Each executive's entitlement to the payments and benefits under his change of control agreement with Exterran Holdings was also subject to his execution of a waiver and
release for Exterran Holdings' benefit.

 In early 2009, the Exterran Holdings Compensation Committee established a policy prohibiting tax gross-ups on income attributable to future change of control agreements and other
executive benefit agreements. Currently, Mr. Schlanger is our only Named Executive Officer with a change of control agreement that provides for a tax gross-up, because his change of control
agreement predates this policy change and has not been materially amended since the policy was adopted.

 New Change of Control Agreements. We anticipate entering into new change of control agreements with some or all of our Named
Executive Officers and
Chief Executive Officer effective as of the spin-off. Each change of control agreement is expected to be substantially similar to the change of

 145 

 Table of Contents 

control agreements between each of our Named Executive Officers and Chief Executive Officer and Exterran Holdings prior to the spin-off, as described above,
except: 

 &#149; Mr. Way's CIC Cash Severance will equal three times his current annual base salary plus three times his target annual incentive
bonus opportunity for that year; and 
 &#149; with respect to our Named Executive Officers: 

 &#149; the executive will also be entitled to accelerated vesting of his outstanding unvested equity, equity-based or cash
awards denominated in shares of our common stock (in addition to the CIC Accelerated Vesting described above); and 
 &#149; the agreements include a Section 280G "best pay" provision pursuant to which in the event any payments or benefits
received by the executive would be subject to an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, the executive will receive either the full amount of his payments or a reduced amount such that no
portion of the payments is subject to the excise tax (whichever results in the greater after-tax benefit to the executive). 

 Any Named Executive Officer who does not enter into a new change of control agreement with us may retain the rights set forth in his existing change of control agreement.

 Vesting of Equity-Based Incentives upon a Change of Control. The outstanding Exterran Holdings award agreements for all stock
options, restricted
stock, restricted stock units, and performance units granted to employees prior to March 2014 provide that, in the case of a change of control that is not followed by a Qualifying Termination, only
the portion of the award scheduled to vest within the next 12 months will vest upon the change of control, with the remainder of the award vesting as per the original vesting schedule. The
awards granted under the Partnership Plan prior to March 2014 provide that, upon a change of control (as defined in the Partnership Plan), all phantom units (including the related DERs) and unit
options automatically vest and become payable or exercisable (as applicable). Vesting is automatic, regardless of whether employment is terminated.

 As discussed above, in March 2014, Exterran Holdings eliminated any single-trigger change of control accelerated vesting with respect to future equity awards in order to incentivize
Exterran Holdings' employees to remain in employment with Exterran Holdings following a change of control. The Exterran Holdings award agreements for all awards granted during or after March 2014
provide that no portion of the award shall be subject to accelerated vesting upon a change of control. Instead, awards will be subject to accelerated vesting only if a Qualifying Termination occurs
within eighteen months following a change of control.

 Potential Payments. The following tables show the potential payments to the Named Executive Officers upon a theoretical termination
of employment or
change of control occurring on December 31, 2014. The amounts shown assume a common stock value of $32.58 per share of Exterran Holdings common stock and an Exterran Partners common unit value
of $21.62 per unit (the December 31, 2014 market closing prices of Exterran Holdings and Exterran Partners, respectively). The actual amount paid out to an executive upon an actual termination
or change of control can only be determined at the

 146 

 Table of Contents 

time of such event. As noted above, Mr. Way was not employed by us or Exterran Holdings in 2014 and, accordingly, he is not included in the tables below.

 Name

 Termination 
Due to Death 
or Disability 
($)(1) 
 
 Termination Without 
Cause or Resignation 
with Good Reason 
($)(2) 
 
 Change of Control 
Without a Qualifying 
Termination 
($) 
 
 Change of Control 
with a Qualifying 
Termination 
($) 

 Jon C. Biro 

 Cash Severance 

 &#151; 

 1,008,000 
 (3) 
 
 &#151; 

 1,722,000 
 (4) 

 Stock Options(5) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Restricted Stock(6) 

 369,034 

 123,022 

 &#151; 

 369,034 

 Phantom Units(7) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Performance Awards(8) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Other Benefits(9) 

 &#151; 

 14,956 

 &#151; 

 55,015 

 Total Pre-Tax Benefit 

 369,034 

 1,145,978 

 &#151; 

 2,146,049 

 Name

 Termination 
Due to Death 
or Disability 
($)(1) 
 
 Termination Without 
Cause or Resignation 
with Good Reason 
($)(2) 
 
 Change of Control 
Without a Qualifying 
Termination 
($) 
 
 Change of Control 
with a Qualifying 
Termination 
($) 

 Daniel K. Schlanger 

 Cash Severance 

 &#151; 

 1,008,000 
 (3) 
 
 &#151; 

 1,722,000 
 (4) 

 Stock Options(5) 

 447,949 

 372,240 

 372,240 

 447,949 

 Restricted Stock(6) 

 676,100 

 407,022 

 333,163 

 676,100 

 Phantom Units(7) 

 129,547 

 67,498 

 72,838 

 129,547 

 Performance Awards(8) 

 478,958 

 308,890 

 266,570 

 478,958 

 Other Benefits(9) 

 &#151; 

 11,094 

 &#151; 

 121,235 

 Tax Gross-ups 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total Pre-Tax Benefit 

 1,732,554 

 2,174,744 

 1,044,811 

 3,575,789 

 Name

 Termination 
Due to Death 
or Disability 
($)(1) 
 
 Termination Without 
Cause or Resignation 
with Good Reason 
($)(2) 
 
 Change of Control 
Without a Qualifying 
Termination 
($) 
 
 Change of Control 
with a Qualifying 
Termination 
($) 

 Steven W. Muck 

 Cash Severance 

 &#151; 

 840,000 
 (3) 
 
 &#151; 

 1,435,000 
 (4) 

 Stock Options(5) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Restricted Stock(6) 

 744,583 

 362,127 

 211,607 

 744,583 

 Phantom Units(7) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Performance Awards(8) 

 136,281 

 86,335 

 73,891 

 136,281 

 Other Benefits(9) 

 &#151; 

 7,929 

 &#151; 

 65,368 

 Total Pre-Tax Benefit 

 880,864 

 1,296,391 

 285,498 

 2,381,232 

 Name

 Termination 
Due to Death 
or Disability 
($)(1) 
 
 Termination Without 
Cause or Resignation 
with Good Reason 
($)(2) 
 
 Change of Control 
Without a Qualifying 
Termination 
($) 
 
 Change of Control 
with a Qualifying 
Termination 
($) 

 Christopher T. Werner(10) 

 Cash Severance 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Stock Options(5) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Restricted Stock(6) 

 441,850 

 261,194 

 211,607 

 441,850 

 Phantom Units(7) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Performance Awards(8) 

 136,281 

 86,336 

 73,891 

 136,281 

 Other Benefits(9) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total Pre-Tax Benefit 

 578,131 

 347,530 

 285,498 

 578,131 

 (1) "Disability"
is defined in Exterran Partners' form of award agreement for phantom units and in the Exterran Holdings 2007 Plan and the Exterran Holdings
2013 Plan for all other equity awards.

 147 

 Table of Contents 

 (2) "Cause"
and "Good Reason" are defined in the severance benefit and change of control agreements with Exterran Holdings.

 (3) If
the executive had been terminated without Cause or resigned with Good Reason on December 31, 2014, under his severance benefit agreement his cash
severance would consist of (i) the sum of his base salary and his target annual incentive bonus (calculated as a percentage of his annual base salary for 2014), plus (ii) his target
annual incentive bonus (calculated as a percentage of his annual base salary for 2014).

 (4) If
the executive had been subject to a Change of Control followed by a Qualifying Termination (as defined in the change of control agreements with Exterran
Holdings) on December 31, 2014, under his change of control agreement his cash severance would consist of (i) two times the sum of his base salary and his target annual incentive bonus
(calculated as a percentage of his annual base salary for 2014), plus (ii) his target annual incentive bonus (calculated as a percentage of his annual base salary for 2014).

 (5) The
amounts in this row represent the value of the accelerated vesting of the executive's unvested, in-the-money options to purchase Exterran Holdings'
common stock, based on the December 31, 2014 market closing price of Exterran Holdings' common stock.

 (6) The
amounts in this row represent the value of the accelerated vesting of the executive's unvested restricted stock, based on the December 31, 2014
market closing price of Exterran Holdings' common stock.

 (7) The
amounts in this row represent the value of the accelerated vesting of the executive's unvested Exterran Partners phantom units, based on the
December 31, 2014 market closing price of Exterran Partners' common units.

 (8) The
amounts in this row represent the value of the accelerated vesting of the executive's unvested performance awards, based on the December 31, 2014
market closing price of Exterran Holdings' common stock.

 (9) The
amounts in this row represent each Named Executive Officer's right to the payment, as applicable, of (i) medical benefit premiums for a one-year
period in the event of a termination without Cause or voluntary resignation for Good Reason, or (ii) medical benefit premiums and Exterran Holdings contributions under the 401(k) Plan and
deferred compensation plan for a two-year period in the event of a change of control followed by a Qualifying Termination. For Mr. Schlanger, this amount includes a gross-up with respect to
Exterran Holdings contributions under the 401(k) Plan and deferred contribution plan to account for any federal or state taxes due on such amounts, as provided under his change of control agreement,
which predates implementation of Exterran Holdings' 2009 policy prohibiting tax gross-ups on income attributable to future change of control agreements and other executive benefit agreements. See the
discussion under " Change of Control Agreements ," above, for more information on this policy.

 (10) Because
Mr. Werner entered into a severance benefit agreement and change of control agreement with Exterran Holdings effective as of
February 2, 2015, he would not have been entitled to receive any cash severance or continued benefits under such agreements had he been terminated on December 31, 2014.

 148 

 Table of Contents 

 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

 Before the distribution, all of the outstanding shares of our common stock are and will be owned beneficially and of record by Exterran
Holdings. The following table sets forth information with respect to the expected beneficial ownership of our common stock immediately following completion of the distribution
by: 

 &#149; each shareholder who is expected following the distribution to beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock; 
 &#149; each executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table; 
 &#149; each person expected to serve on our board of directors as of the distribution date; and 
 &#149; all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

 We have based the percentage of class amounts set forth below on each indicated person's beneficial ownership of Exterran Holdings common stock as
of , 2015, unless we
indicate some other basis for the share amounts, and based on the distribution of one share of our common stock for every two shares of Exterran Holdings common stock outstanding. To the extent our
directors and executive officers own unrestricted shares of Exterran Holdings common stock at the time of the distribution, they will participate in the distribution of shares of common stock in the
spin-off on the same terms as other holders of Exterran Holdings common stock. Following the spin-off, we will have an aggregate of approximately million shares of common stock
outstanding, based on the number of shares of Exterran Holdings common stock outstanding on , 2015. The number of shares beneficially owned by each shareholder, director or
officer is
determined according to the rules of the SEC and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. The mailing address for each of the directors and
executive officers is c/o Exterran Corporation, 4444 Brittmoore Road, Houston, Texas 77041.

 Shares of 
Common Stock 
to be Beneficially 
Owned Before 
the Spin-Off 
 
 Shares of 
Common Stock 
Beneficially 
Owned After 
the Spin-Off 

 Name of Beneficial Owner

 Number 
 
 Percent 
 
 Number 
 
 Percent 

 Exterran Holdings, Inc. 

 100% 
 
 &#151; 
 
 &#151; 

 Magnetar Financial LLC(1) 
 
 &#151; 
 
 &#151; 

 8.7% 

 BlackRock, Inc.(2) 
 
 &#151; 
 
 &#151; 

 8.5% 

 Dimensional Fund Advisors(3) 
 
 &#151; 
 
 &#151; 

 8.3% 

 The Vanguard Group, Inc.(4) 
 
 &#151; 
 
 &#151; 

 7.2% 

 T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.(5) 
 
 &#151; 
 
 &#151; 

 7.1% 

 William M. Goodyear 
 
 &#151; 
 
 &#151; 

 * 

 John P. Ryan 
 
 &#151; 
 
 &#151; 

 * 

 Christopher T. Seaver 
 
 &#151; 
 
 &#151; 

 * 

 Mark R. Sotir 
 
 &#151; 
 
 &#151; 

 * 

 Richard R. Stewart 
 
 &#151; 
 
 &#151; 

 * 

 Ieda Gomes Yell 
 
 &#151; 
 
 &#151; 

 * 

 Andrew J. Way 
 
 &#151; 
 
 &#151; 

 * 

 Jon C. Biro 
 
 &#151; 
 
 &#151; 

 * 

 Steven W. Muck 
 
 &#151; 
 
 &#151; 

 * 

 Daniel K. Schlanger 
 
 &#151; 
 
 &#151; 

 * 

 149 

 Table of Contents 

 Shares of 
Common Stock 
to be Beneficially 
Owned Before 
the Spin-Off 
 
 Shares of 
Common Stock 
Beneficially 
Owned After 
the Spin-Off 

 Name of Beneficial Owner

 Number 
 
 Percent 
 
 Number 
 
 Percent 

 Christopher T. Werner 
 
 &#151; 
 
 &#151; 

 * 

 All directors and executive officers as a group 
 
 &#151; 
 
 &#151; 

 * Less
than 1%
 (1) Based
solely on a review of the Schedule 13G filed jointly by Magnetar Capital Partners LP, on behalf of itself and as sole member of Magnetar
Financial LLC, Supernova Management LLC and Alec N. Litowitz on February 17, 2015. The address of Magnetar Capital Partners LP is 1603 Orrington Avenue, 13th Floor,
Evanston, Illinois 60201.
 (2) Based
solely on a review of the Schedule 13G/A filed by BlackRock, Inc. on January 22, 2015. The address of BlackRock, Inc. is
55 East 52 nd Street, New York, New York 10055.
 (3) Based
solely on a review of the Schedule 13G/A filed by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP ("Dimensional") on February 5, 2015. The address
of Dimensional is Palisades West, Building One, 6300 Bee Cave Road, Austin, Texas 78746.
 (4) Based
solely on a review of the Schedule 13G filed by The Vanguard Group, Inc. ("Vanguard") on February 11, 2015. The address of
Vanguard is 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvem, Pennsylvania 19355.
 (5) Based
solely on a review of the Schedule 13G/A jointly filed by T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. ("Price Associates") and T. Rowe Price Mid-Cap
Value Fund, Inc. on February 13, 2015. The address of Price Associates is 100 E. Pratt Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21202. 
 150 

 Table of Contents 

 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 

Introduction 

 In the discussion that follows, we have summarized selected provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and
amended and restated bylaws relating to our capital stock that we expect will be in effect at or prior to the completion of the spin-off. This summary is not complete. This discussion is subject to
the relevant provisions of Delaware law and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws. You should read the
provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws as currently in effect for more details regarding the provisions described below and for other
provisions that may be important to you. We have filed copies of those documents with the SEC, and they are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the
Registration Statement on Form 10 of which this information statement forms a part. Please read "Where You Can Find More Information." 

Authorized Capital Stock 

 Our authorized capital stock consists of shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock, issuable in series. 

 Each authorized share of common stock has a par value of $0.01. The authorized shares of preferred stock have a par value of $0.01 per share. Immediately following the spin-off, we
expect that approximately million shares of our common stock will be outstanding, based on the number of shares of Exterran Holdings common stock outstanding as of
 , 2015. The actual number of shares of our common stock to be distributed in the spin-off will be
determined based on the actual number of shares of Exterran Holdings common stock
outstanding as of the record date. Immediately following the spin-off, no shares of our preferred stock will be issued and outstanding.

Common Stock 

 Each share of our common stock entitles its holder to one vote in the election of each director and on all other matters voted on
generally by our shareholders, other than any matter that (1) solely relates to the terms of any outstanding series of preferred stock or the number of shares of that series and (2) does
not affect the number of authorized shares of preferred stock or the powers, privileges and rights pertaining to the common stock. No share of our common stock affords any cumulative voting rights.
Our board of directors may grant holders of preferred stock, in the resolutions creating the series of preferred stock, the right to vote on the election of directors or any questions affecting our
company.

 Subject to prior rights and preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding shares of preferred stock, holders of our common stock will be entitled to dividends in such amounts and
at such times as our board of directors in its discretion may declare out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. Any future dividends will be paid at the discretion of our board of
directors after taking into account various factors, including: 

 &#149; general business conditions; 
 &#149; industry practice; 
 &#149; our financial condition and performance; 
 &#149; our future prospects; 
 &#149; our cash needs and capital investment plans; 
 &#149; our obligations to holders of any preferred stock we may issue; 
 
 151 

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; income tax consequences; and 
 &#149; the restrictions applicable laws and our credit arrangements then impose. 

 In addition, the terms of the loan agreements, indentures and other agreements we enter into from time to time may contain covenants or other provisions that could limit our ability to
pay, or otherwise restrict the payment of, cash dividends. For example, we expect that our debt agreements and the separation and distribution agreement will include restrictions on our ability to pay
dividends.

 If
we liquidate or dissolve our business, the holders of our common stock will share ratably in all our assets that are available for distribution to our shareholders after our creditors
are paid in full and the holders of all series of our outstanding preferred stock, if any, receive their liquidation preferences in full. 

 Our
common stock has no preemptive rights and is not convertible or redeemable or entitled to the benefits of any sinking or repurchase fund. All shares of common stock to be distributed
in connection with the spin-off will be fully paid and nonassessable. 

Preferred Stock 

 At the direction of our board of directors, without any action by the holders of our common stock, we may issue one or more series of
preferred stock from time to time covering up to an aggregate of shares of preferred stock. Our board of directors can determine
the number of shares of each series of preferred stock,
the designation, powers, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions applicable to any of those rights,
including dividend rights, voting rights, conversion or exchange rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences, of each series.

 We
believe that the ability of our board of directors to issue one or more series of our preferred stock will provide us with flexibility in structuring possible future financings and
acquisitions, and in meeting other corporate needs that might arise. The authorized shares of our preferred stock, as well as shares of our common stock, will be available for issuance without further
action by our shareholders, unless such action is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange on which our securities may be listed or traded. If the approval of our shareholders is
not required for the issuance of shares of our preferred stock or our common stock, our board of directors may determine not to seek shareholder approval. 

 Undesignated
preferred stock may enable our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of our company by means of a tender offer, proxy
contest, merger or otherwise, and thereby to protect the continuity of our management. The issuance of shares of preferred stock may adversely affect the rights of our common shareholders. For
example, any preferred stock issued may rank prior to the common stock as to dividend rights, liquidation preference or both, may have full or limited voting rights and may be convertible into shares
of common stock. In addition, the provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation permitting such issuances cannot be amended without approval of holders of a majority of our shares
of common stock outstanding. As a result, the issuance of shares of preferred stock, or the issuance of rights to purchase shares of preferred stock, may discourage an unsolicited acquisition proposal
or bids for our common stock or may otherwise adversely affect the market price of our common stock or any existing preferred stock. 

Limitation on Liability of Directors, Indemnification of Directors and Officers and Insurance 

 The DGCL authorizes corporations to limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors to corporations and their shareholders for
monetary damages for breaches of directors' fiduciary duties as 

 152 

 Table of Contents 

 directors,
and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will include such an exculpation provision. 

 Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that no director will be liable to us or our shareholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a
director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation on liability is not permitted under the DGCL, as now in effect or as amended. Currently, Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL
requires that liability be imposed for the following: 

 &#149; Any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to our Company or our shareholders. 
 &#149; Any act or omission not in good faith or which involved intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law. 
 &#149; Unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the DGCL. 
 &#149; Any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 

 Additionally, Section 145 of the DGCL provides that a corporation may indemnify directors and officers as well as other employees and individuals against expenses (including
attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement in connection with any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, in which such person is made a party by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation (other than an action by or in the right
of the corporation&#151;a "derivative action"), if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person's conduct was unlawful. A similar standard is applicable in the case of derivative
actions, except that indemnification only extends to expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of such action, and the statute requires court approval
before there can be any indemnification where the person seeking indemnification has been found liable to the corporation. The statute provides that it is not exclusive of other indemnification that
may be granted by a corporation's bylaws, disinterested director vote, shareholder vote, agreement or otherwise. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws
will provide that, to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by the DGCL, as now in effect or as amended, we will indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to
any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that such person, or a person of whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was our director or officer, or
by reason of the fact that our director or officer is or was serving, at our request, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans maintained or sponsored by us. We will indemnify such persons against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines,
ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement reasonably incurred in connection with such action if such person acted in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in or not
opposed to our best interests and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reason to believe their conduct was unlawful. A similar standard will be applicable in the case of derivative
actions, except that indemnification will only extend to expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of such actions, and court approval will be required
before there can be any indemnification where the person seeking indemnification has been found liable to us. Any amendment of this provision will not reduce our indemnification obligations relating
to actions taken before an amendment. This right to indemnification includes the right to have
us pay in advance the expenses incurred by an indemnified person in defending any such proceeding if the indemnified person provides an undertaking to repay all amounts advanced if it is ultimately
determined that he or she is not entitled to indemnification.

 153 

 Table of Contents 

 We intend to enter into indemnification agreements with each of our current and future directors and officers. These agreements will require us to indemnify these individuals to the
fullest extent permitted under Delaware law against liability that may arise by reason of their service to us, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which
they could be indemnified. We believe that the limitation of liability provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the indemnification agreements will facilitate our ability
to continue to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve as directors and officers.

 We
also intend to obtain insurance policies that insure our directors and officers and those of our subsidiaries against certain liabilities they may incur in their capacity as directors
and officers. The insurance will provide coverage, subject to its terms and conditions, if the Company is unable to indemnify ( e.g. , due to bankruptcy),
or is legally prohibited from indemnifying, the directors and officers for a covered wrongful act. 

Delaware Statutory Business Combination Statute 

 We will be subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, an anti-takeover statute. In general, Section 203 prevents an "interested
shareholder," which is defined generally as a person owning 15 percent or more of a Delaware corporation's outstanding voting stock or any affiliate or associate of that person, from engaging
in a broad range of "business combinations" with the corporation for three years following the date on which that person became an interested shareholder
unless: 

 &#149; Before that person became an interested shareholder, the board of directors of the corporation approved the transaction in which that
person became an interested shareholder or approved the business combination; 
 &#149; On completion of the transaction that resulted in that person's becoming an interested shareholder, that person owned at least
85 percent of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than stock held by (1) directors who are also officers of the corporation or
(2) any employee stock plan that does not provide employees with the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 
 &#149; Following the transaction in which that person became an interested shareholder, both the board of directors of the corporation and
the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation not owned by that person approve the business combination. 

 Under
Section 203, the restrictions described above also do not apply to specific business combinations proposed by an interested shareholder following the announcement or
notification of designated extraordinary transactions involving the corporation and a person who had not been an interested shareholder during the previous three years or who became an interested
shareholder with the approval of a majority of the corporation's directors, if a majority of the directors who were directors prior to any person's becoming an interested shareholder during the
previous three years, or were recommended for election or elected to succeed those directors by a majority of those directors, approve or do not oppose that extraordinary transaction. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Our Organizational Documents 

 Some of the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws discussed below may
have the effect, either alone or in combination with Section 203 of the DGCL, of making more difficult or discouraging a tender offer, proxy contest, merger or other takeover attempt that our
board of directors opposes but that a shareholder might consider to be in its best interest. 

 154 

 Table of Contents 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our shareholders may act only at an annual or special meeting of shareholders and may not act by written consent. Our
amended and restated bylaws provide that a special meeting of our board of directors or our shareholders may only be called by the chairman of our board, any vice chairman or our president or a
majority of the number of directors that we would have if there were no vacancies or unfulfilled newly created directorships. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also includes a
forum selection clause designating the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, as the sole and exclusive forum for derivative
actions, actions asserting a claim for breach of fiduciary duties and certain other matters.

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the number of directors will be fixed exclusively by, and may be increased or decreased exclusively by, our board of
directors from time to time. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that directors may be removed with or without cause by an affirmative vote of
a majority of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock. A vacancy on our board of directors may be filled by a vote of a majority of the number of directors that we would have if there were no
vacancies or unfulfilled newly created directorships, and a director appointed to fill a vacancy serves for the remainder of the term of the director in which the vacancy occurred. These provisions
will prevent our shareholders from removing incumbent directors without cause and filling the resulting vacancies with their own nominees.

 Our
amended and restated bylaws contain advance notice and other procedural requirements that apply to shareholder nominations of persons for election to our board of directors at any
annual or special meeting of shareholders and to shareholder proposals that shareholders take any other action at any annual meeting. In the case of any annual meeting, a shareholder proposing to
nominate a person for election to our board of directors or proposing that any other action be taken must give our corporate secretary written notice of the proposal not less than 90 days and
not more than 120 days before the anniversary of the date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of shareholders. These shareholder proposal deadlines are subject to exceptions if the
pending annual meeting date is more than 30 days prior to or more than 30 days after the anniversary of the immediately preceding annual meeting. If the chairman of our board of
directors or a majority of our board of directors calls a special meeting of shareholders for the election of directors, a shareholder proposing to nominate a person for that election must give our
corporate secretary written notice of the proposal not earlier than 120 days prior to that special meeting and not later than the last to occur of (1) 90 days prior to that
special meeting or (2) the 10th day following the day we publicly disclose the date of the special meeting. Our amended and restated bylaws prescribe specific information that any such
shareholder notice must contain. These advance notice provisions may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of our directors or the consideration of shareholder proposals if the
proper procedures are not followed, and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to approve its own proposal, without
regard to whether consideration of those nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our shareholders. 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that our shareholders may adopt, amend and repeal our amended and restated bylaws at any
regular or special meeting of shareholders by a vote of at least 66 2 / 3 % of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock, provided the notice of intention to adopt, amend or repeal
the amended and restated bylaws has been included in the notice of that meeting. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also
confers on our board of directors the power to adopt, amend or repeal our amended and restated bylaws with the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is
present.

 As
discussed above under "&#151;Preferred Stock," our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors, without the approval of our
shareholders, to provide 

 155 

 Table of Contents 

for the issuance of all or any shares of our preferred stock in one or more series and to determine the designation, powers, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights,
if any, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions applicable to any of those rights, including dividend rights, voting rights, conversion or exchange rights, terms of redemption and
liquidation preferences, of each series. The issuance of shares of our preferred stock or rights to purchase shares of our preferred stock could discourage an unsolicited acquisition proposal. In
addition, under some circumstances, the issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of our common shareholders.

 In
addition to the purposes described above, these provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws are also intended to increase the
bargaining leverage of our board of directors, on behalf of our shareholders, in any future negotiations concerning a potential change of control of our company. Our board of directors has observed
that certain tactics that bidders employ in making unsolicited bids for control of a corporation, including hostile tender offers and proxy contests, have become relatively common in modern takeover
practice. Our board of directors considers those tactics to be highly disruptive to a corporation and often contrary to the overall best interests of its shareholders. In particular, bidders may use
these tactics in conjunction with an attempt to acquire a corporation at an unfairly low price. In some cases, a bidder will make an offer for less than all the outstanding capital stock of the target
company, potentially leaving shareholders with the alternatives of partially liquidating their investment at a time that may be disadvantageous to them or retaining an investment in the target company
under substantially different management with objectives that may not be the same as the new controlling shareholder. The concentration of control in our company that could result from such an offer
could deprive our remaining shareholders of the benefits of listing on the NYSE and public reporting under the Exchange Act. 

 While
our board of directors does not intend to foreclose or discourage reasonable merger or acquisition proposals, it believes that value for our shareholders can be enhanced by
encouraging would-be acquirers to forego hostile or coercive tender offers and negotiate with the board of directors terms that are fair to all shareholders. Our board of directors believes that the
provisions described above will (1) discourage disruptive tactics and takeover attempts at unfair prices or on terms that do not provide all shareholders with the opportunity to sell their
stock at a fair price and (2) encourage third parties who may seek to acquire control of our company to initiate such an acquisition through negotiations directly with our board of directors.
Our board of directors also believes these provisions will help give it the time necessary to evaluate unsolicited offers, as well as appropriate alternatives, in
a manner that assures fair treatment of our shareholders. Our board of directors recognizes that a takeover might in some circumstances be beneficial to some or all of our shareholders, but,
nevertheless, believes that the benefits of seeking to protect its ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to take over or restructure our company outweigh the
disadvantages of discouraging those proposals. 

Stock Exchange Listing 

 We expect to list our common stock on the NYSE under the symbol "EXTN." 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Co., LLC. The transfer agent is not affiliated
with us or Archrock.

 156 

 Table of Contents 

 DESCRIPTION OF MATERIAL INDEBTEDNESS

 In connection with the spin-off, we will enter into a new $ million credit facility and an indenture governing the
$ million of New Senior Notes.

New Credit Facility

 In connection with the spin-off, we will entered into a new $ million credit facility (the "new credit facility"). We
will provide more details about the new credit facility and the terms of credit agreement related to the new credit facility in this information statement when they are available.

New Senior Notes

 On July , 2015 we priced the offering of $ million aggregate principal amount of %
senior
notes due 2023 (the "New Senior Notes") by Exterran Energy Solutions, L.P. and EES Finance Corp., which will become our wholly owned subsidiaries upon the completion of the spin-off. Following
the completion of the spin-off, we expect to transfer the net proceeds of the New Senior Notes issuance to allow Archrock to repay certain of its existing indebtedness.

 The New Senior Notes will mature on , 2023 and interest will be payable semi-annually in arrears
on and of each year, beginning on
 , 2016. The notes will be guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by all of our subsidiaries that guarantee the borrowings under the new credit facility and, upon the completion
of the
spin-off, by us.

 We may redeem up to 35% of the New Senior Notes with the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price of % of the principal amount,
plus accrued and
unpaid interest, if any, prior to , 2018 subject to certain conditions. Prior to , 2018 we may redeem some or all of the New Senior Notes at a price equal
to
 % of the principal amount plus a make-whole premium determined pursuant to a formula set forth in the indenture governing the New Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. On and
after , 2018 we may redeem all or part of the New Senior Notes at the following prices (as a percentage of principal), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if redeemed during the 12-month
period beginning on of the years indicated below:

 Year

 Percentage 

 2018 

 % 

 2019 

 % 

 2020 

 % 

 2021 and thereafter 

 % 

 The New Senior Notes are subject to covenants that, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to: (1) incur additional debt or issue
preferred stock; (2) pay dividends or repurchase equity or subordinated debt; (3) make unscheduled payments on subordinated indebtedness; (4) create liens or other encumbrances;
(5) make investments, loans or other guarantees; (6) sell or otherwise dispose of a portion of our assets; (7) engage in transactions with affiliates; and (8) make
acquisitions or merge or consolidate with another entity. If the New Senior Notes achieve an investment grade rating from either Moody's or Standard & Poor's, and no default has occured and is
continuing, our obligation to comply with certain of these covenants will be terminated.

 We and the initial purchasers will enter into the registration rights agreement on or prior to the closing of the New Senior Notes offering. Pursuant to the registration rights
agreement, we will agree to file with the SEC the exchange offer registration statement on the appropriate form under the Securities Act with respect to an offer (the "Exchange Offer") to exchange the
New Senior Notes for an issue of SEC-registered notes with terms identical to such New Senior Notes, which we refer to as the "exchange notes," except that the exchange notes will not be subject to
restrictions on transfer or to any increase in annual interest rate. We will also agree to make additional interest payments, up to a maximum of % per annum, to holders of the New Senior
Notes if we do not comply with such obligation under the registration rights agreement.

 This information statement and the Registration Statement on Form 10 of which it is a part shall not be deemed an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the New Senior
Notes.

 157 

 Table of Contents 

 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 

 We have filed with the SEC a Registration Statement on Form 10 under the Exchange Act relating to the common stock being
distributed in the spin-off. This information statement forms a part of that registration statement but does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement and the exhibits
and schedules to the registration statement. For further information relating to us and the shares of our common stock, reference is made to the registration statement, including its exhibits.
Statements made in this information statement relating to any contract or other document are not necessarily complete and you should refer to the exhibits attached to the registration statement for
copies of the actual contract or document. You may review a copy of the registration statement, including its exhibits and schedules, at the SEC's Public Reference Room, located at 100
F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549 or on the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. You may obtain a copy of the registration statement from the SEC's Public Reference Room upon payment of
prescribed fees. Please call the SEC at (800) SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the Public Reference Room. 

 We
are currently, and following the spin-off will continue to be, subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance with the Exchange Act, we
file periodic reports and other information with the SEC. Those periodic reports and other information are available for inspection and copying at the SEC's Public Reference Room and the SEC's website
at http://www.sec.gov. Following the spin-off, our proxy statements will be available in the same manner. 

 We
intend to furnish holders of our common stock with annual reports containing financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and audited
and reported on, with an opinion expressed, by an independent registered public accounting firm. 

 We
make available free of charge on our website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those
reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such materials to the SEC. All of these documents are made available free of charge on our website,
www. .com and will be provided free of charge to any shareholders requesting a copy by writing to: Exterran Corporation, 4444 Brittmoore Road, Houston,
 Texas 77041 Attention:
Investor Relations. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this information statement or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. 

 No person is authorized to give any information or to make any representations with respect to the matters described in this information statement other than those contained in this
information statement or in the documents incorporated by reference in this information statement and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been
authorized by us or Exterran Holdings. Neither the delivery of this information statement nor completion of the spin-off
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in our affairs or those of Exterran Holdings since the date of this information statement.

 158 

 Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Audited Annual Combined Financial Statements: 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 F-2 

 Combined Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 

 F-3 

 Combined Statements of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 

 F-4 

 Combined Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 

 F-5 

 Combined Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 

 F-6 

 Combined Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 

 F-7 

 Notes to Combined Financial Statements 

 F-8 

 Schedule II&#151;Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

 F-37 

 Unaudited Interim Condensed Combined Financial Statements: 

 Condensed Combined Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 

 F-38 

 Condensed Combined Statements of Operations for the Three Months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 

 F-39 

 Condensed Combined Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three Months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 

 F-40 

 Condensed Combined Statements of Changes in Equity for the Three Months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 

 F-41 

 Condensed Combined Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 

 F-42 

 Notes to Condensed Combined Financial Statements 

 F-43 

 F-1 

 Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
Exterran Holdings, Inc. 
Houston, Texas 

 We
have audited the accompanying combined balance sheets of the International Services and Global Product Sales Businesses of Exterran Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the
"Company"), as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related combined statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2014. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2014 listed in the Index on page F-1. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. 

 We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In
our opinion, such combined financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule when considered in relation to the basic combined financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects,
the information set forth therein. 

 As
described in Note 1, the accompanying combined financial statements have been derived from the consolidated financial statements and accounting records of Exterran
Holdings, Inc. The combined financial statements also include expense allocations for certain corporate functions historically provided by Exterran Holdings, Inc. These allocations may
not be reflective of the actual expense which would have been incurred had the Company operated as a separate entity apart from Exterran Holdings, Inc. 

 /s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 

 Houston,
Texas 
March 13, 2015 

 F-2 

 Table of Contents 

 INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. COMBINED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands) 

 December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 

 ASSETS 

 Current assets: 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

$ 
 39,361 

$ 
 35,194 

 Restricted cash 

 1,490 

 1,269 

 Accounts receivable, net of allowance of $2,133 and $7,381, respectively 

 398,070 

 352,903 

 Inventory, net 

 291,240 

 283,011 

 Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts 

 120,938 

 117,175 

 Current deferred income taxes 

 48,890 

 38,112 

 Other current assets 

 53,977 

 54,376 

 Current assets associated with discontinued operations 

 468 

 91 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total current assets 

 954,434 

 882,131 

 Property, plant and equipment, net 

 954,811 

 965,196 

 Intangible and other assets, net 

 123,578 

 151,884 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets 

$ 
 2,032,823 

$ 
 1,999,211 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

 Current liabilities: 

 Accounts payable, trade 

$ 
 161,826 

$ 
 128,435 

 Accrued liabilities 

 168,577 

 204,142 

 Deferred revenue 

 64,820 

 87,079 

 Billings on uncompleted contracts in excess of costs and estimated earnings 

 76,277 

 87,925 

 Current liabilities associated with discontinued operations 

 1,338 

 2,364 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total current liabilities 

 472,838 

 509,945 

 Long-term debt 

 1,107 

 1,539 

 Deferred income taxes 

 38,180 

 49,538 

 Long-term deferred revenue 

 41,591 

 31,391 

 Other long-term liabilities 

 26,968 

 32,447 

 Long-term liabilities associated with discontinued operations 

 317 

 447 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities 

 581,001 

 625,307 

 Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) 

 Equity: 

 Parent equity 

 1,435,046 

 1,342,480 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income 

 16,776 

 31,424 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total equity 

 1,451,822 

 1,373,904 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities and equity 

$ 
 2,032,823 

$ 
 1,999,211 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these combined financial statements. 

 F-3 

 Table of Contents 

 INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In thousands) 

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

 Revenues: 

 Contract operations 

$ 
 493,853 

$ 
 476,016 

$ 
 463,957 

 Aftermarket services 

 162,724 

 160,672 

 145,048 

 Product sales&#151;third parties 

 1,283,208 

 1,660,344 

 1,349,817 

 Product sales&#151;affiliates 

 232,969 

 118,441 

 109,902 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 2,172,754 

 2,415,473 

 2,068,724 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Costs and expenses: 

 Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense): 

 Contract operations 

 185,408 

 196,944 

 184,608 

 Aftermarket services 

 120,181 

 120,344 

 107,858 

 Product sales 

 1,270,296 

 1,514,669 

 1,291,652 

 Selling, general and administrative 

 267,493 

 264,890 

 269,812 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 173,803 

 140,029 

 167,499 

 Long-lived asset impairment 

 3,851 

 11,941 

 5,197 

 Restructuring charges 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 3,892 

 Interest expense 

 1,905 

 3,551 

 5,318 

 Equity in income of non-consolidated affiliates 

 (14,553 
 ) 
 
 (19,000 
 ) 
 
 (51,483 
 ) 

 Other (income) expense, net 

 7,222 

 (1,966 
 ) 
 
 5,638 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 2,015,606 

 2,231,402 

 1,989,991 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income before income taxes 

 157,148 

 184,071 

 78,733 

 Provision for income taxes 

 77,833 

 97,367 

 26,226 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income from continuing operations 

 79,315 

 86,704 

 52,507 

 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

 73,198 

 66,149 

 66,843 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net income 

$ 
 152,513 

$ 
 152,853 

$ 
 119,350 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these combined financial statements. 

 F-4 

 Table of Contents 

 INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. COMBINED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In thousands)

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

 Net income 

$ 
 152,513 

$ 
 152,853 

$ 
 119,350 

 Other comprehensive income: 

 Foreign currency translation adjustment 

 (14,648 
 ) 
 
 4,531 

 3,762 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Comprehensive income 

$ 
 137,865 

$ 
 157,384 

$ 
 123,112 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these combined financial statements. 

 F-5 

 Table of Contents 

 INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. COMBINED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (In thousands)

 Parent 
Equity 
 
 Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income 
 
 Total 
Equity 

 Balance, January 1, 2012 

$ 
 1,427,697 

$ 
 23,131 

$ 
 1,450,828 

 Net income 

 119,350 

 119,350 

 Net distributions to parent 

 (166,546 
 ) 

 (166,546 
 ) 

 Foreign currency translation adjustment 

 3,762 

 3,762 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at December 31, 2012 

$ 
 1,380,501 

$ 
 26,893 

$ 
 1,407,394 

 Net income 

 152,853 

 152,853 

 Net distributions to parent 

 (190,874 
 ) 

 (190,874 
 ) 

 Foreign currency translation adjustment 

 4,531 

 4,531 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at December 31, 2013 

$ 
 1,342,480 

$ 
 31,424 

$ 
 1,373,904 

 Net income 

 152,513 

 152,513 

 Net distributions to parent 

 (59,947 
 ) 

 (59,947 
 ) 

 Foreign currency translation adjustment 

 (14,648 
 ) 
 
 (14,648 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance at December 31, 2014 

$ 
 1,435,046 

$ 
 16,776 

$ 
 1,451,822 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these combined financial statements. 

 F-6 

 Table of Contents 

 INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. COMBINED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) 

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

 Cash flows from operating activities: 

 Net income 

$ 
 152,513 

$ 
 152,853 

$ 
 119,350 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 173,803 

 140,029 

 167,499 

 Long-lived asset impairment 

 3,851 

 11,941 

 5,197 

 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

 (73,198 
 ) 
 
 (66,149 
 ) 
 
 (66,843 
 ) 

 Provision for doubtful accounts 

 679 

 2,317 

 7,642 

 Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment 

 (1,834 
 ) 
 
 (3,398 
 ) 
 
 (573 
 ) 

 Equity in income of non-consolidated affiliates 

 (14,553 
 ) 
 
 (19,000 
 ) 
 
 (51,483 
 ) 

 Loss on remeasurement of intercompany balances 

 3,614 

 4,313 

 7,406 

 Loss on sale of businesses 

 961 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Capital contribution by parent&#151;stock-based compensation expense 

 5,288 

 5,330 

 6,057 

 Deferred income tax provision 

 10,106 

 15,956 

 (14,744 
 ) 

 Changes in assets and liabilities: 

 Accounts receivable and notes 

 (50,641 
 ) 
 
 (16,981 
 ) 
 
 (12,901 
 ) 

 Inventory 

 (11,893 
 ) 
 
 (24,535 
 ) 
 
 (33,578 
 ) 

 Costs and estimated earnings versus billings on uncompleted contracts 

 (17,078 
 ) 
 
 (36,539 
 ) 
 
 45,559 

 Other current assets 

 (1,285 
 ) 
 
 23,412 

 25,906 

 Accounts payable and other liabilities 

 (6,949 
 ) 
 
 9,180 

 (15,063 
 ) 

 Deferred revenue 

 (9,913 
 ) 
 
 (14,322 
 ) 
 
 7,335 

 Other 

 (18,373 
 ) 
 
 (19,987 
 ) 
 
 (30,387 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net cash provided by continuing operations 

 145,098 

 164,420 

 166,379 

 Net cash provided by discontinued operations 

 5,844 

 5,866 

 2,054 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 150,942 

 170,286 

 168,433 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Cash flows from investing activities: 

 Capital expenditures 

 (157,854 
 ) 
 
 (100,195 
 ) 
 
 (164,790 
 ) 

 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 

 12,219 

 21,264 

 19,210 

 Proceeds from sale of businesses 

 1,516 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Return of investments in non-consolidated affiliates 

 14,750 

 19,000 

 51,707 

 (Increase) decrease in restricted cash 

 (221 
 ) 
 
 14 

 (162 
 ) 

 Cash invested in non-consolidated affiliates 

 (197 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (224 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net cash used in continuing operations 

 (129,787 
 ) 
 
 (59,917 
 ) 
 
 (94,259 
 ) 

 Net cash provided by discontinued operations 

 66,210 

 74,830 

 135,959 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

 (63,577 
 ) 
 
 14,913 

 41,700 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Cash flows from financing activities: 

 Net distributions to parent 

 (79,273 
 ) 
 
 (182,685 
 ) 
 
 (196,934 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net cash used in financing activities 

 (79,273 
 ) 
 
 (182,685 
 ) 
 
 (196,934 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

 (3,925 
 ) 
 
 (1,487 
 ) 
 
 (486 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

 4,167 

 1,027 

 12,713 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

 35,194 

 34,167 

 21,454 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

$ 
 39,361 

$ 
 35,194 

$ 
 34,167 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

 Income taxes paid, net 

$ 
 63,372 

$ 
 73,497 

$ 
 35,920 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Interest paid 

$ 
 1,905 

$ 
 3,551 

$ 
 5,318 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Supplemental disclosure of non-cash transactions: 

 Net transfers of property, plant and equipment to (from) parent 

$ 
 (17,472 
 ) 

$ 
 12,578 

$ 
 (24,785 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Accrued capital expenditures 

$ 
 15,426 

$ 
 6,442 

$ 
 9,216 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these combined financial statements. 

 F-7 

 Table of Contents 

 INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. Spin-off, Description of Business and Basis of Presentation 

Spin-off 

 On November 17, 2014, Exterran Holdings, Inc. (along with its subsidiaries "Exterran Holdings" unless the context indicates
otherwise) announced that its board of directors had unanimously approved pursuing a plan to separate (the "spin-off") its international contract operations, international aftermarket services (the
international contract operations and international aftermarket services businesses combined are referred to as the "international services businesses" and include such activities conducted outside of
the United States of America ("U.S.")) and global fabrication business into an independent, publicly traded company ("SpinCo"). We refer to the global fabrication business currently operated by
Exterran Holdings as our product sales business. This spin-off is expected to be completed in accordance with a separation and distribution agreement between Exterran Holdings and SpinCo. To effect
the spin-off, Exterran Holdings intends to distribute, on a pro rata basis, all of the shares of SpinCo common stock to the Exterran Holdings' stockholders as of the record date for the spin-off. The
spin-off is subject to market conditions, the receipt of an opinion of counsel as to the tax treatment of the transaction, completion of a review by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
of this Form 10, the execution of separation and intercompany agreements and final approval of the Exterran Holdings' board of directors. The spin-off will not be subject to a shareholder vote.
Upon completion of the spin-off, Exterran Holdings and SpinCo will each be independent, publicly traded companies and will have separate public ownership, boards of directors and management. 

Description of Business 

 SpinCo, together with its subsidiaries ("our", "we" or "us") is a market leader in the provision of compression, production and
processing products and services that support the production and transportation of oil and natural gas throughout the world. We provide these products and services to a global customer base consisting
of companies engaged in all aspects of the oil and natural gas industry, including large integrated oil and natural gas companies, national oil and natural gas companies, independent oil and natural
gas producers and oil and natural gas processors, gatherers and pipeline operators. We operate in three primary business lines: contract operations, aftermarket services and product sales. In our
contract operations business line, we own and operate natural gas compression equipment and crude oil and natural gas production and processing equipment on behalf of our customers. In our aftermarket
services business line, we provide operations, maintenance, overhaul and reconfiguration services to customers who own their own compression, production, processing, treating and related equipment. In
our product sales business line, we fabricate natural gas compression packages and oil and natural gas production and processing equipment for sale to our customers and for use in our contract
operations services. In addition, our product sales business line provides engineering, procurement and fabrication services related to the manufacturing of critical process equipment for refinery and
petrochemical facilities, the fabrication of tank farms and the fabrication of evaporators and brine heaters for desalination plants. We offer our customers, on either a contract operations basis or a
sale basis, the engineering, design, project management, procurement and construction services necessary to incorporate our products into production, processing and compression facilities, which we
refer to as Integrated Projects. 

 F-8 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

1. Spin-off, Description of Business and Basis of Presentation (Continued) 

Basis of Presentation 

 These combined financial statements were prepared in connection with the expected spin-off and are derived from the accounting records
of Exterran Holdings. These statements reflect the combined historical results of operations, financial position and cash flows of
Exterran Holdings' international services and global product sales businesses in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ("GAAP"). These combined financial statements are
presented as if such businesses had been combined for all periods presented. All intercompany transactions and accounts within SpinCo have been eliminated. All affiliate transactions between SpinCo
and Exterran Holdings have been included in these combined financial statements. See Note 14 for further discussion on transactions with affiliates. 

 The
combined financial statements include certain assets and liabilities that have historically been held at the Exterran Holdings level but are specifically identifiable or otherwise
attributable to us. The assets and liabilities in the combined financial statements have been reflected on a historical cost basis, as immediately prior to the spin-off all of the assets and
liabilities of SpinCo are wholly owned by Exterran Holdings. Third party debt, other than debt attributable to capital leases, of Exterran Holdings were not allocated to us for any of the periods
presented as we are not the legal obligor of the debt and the Exterran Holdings' borrowings were not directly attributable to our business. The combined statement of operations also includes expense
allocations for certain functions historically performed by Exterran Holdings and not allocated to its operating segments, including allocations of expenses related to executive oversight, accounting,
treasury, tax, legal, procurement and information technology. See Note 14 for further discussion regarding the allocation of corporate expenses. 

 Investments
in affiliated entities in which we own more than a 20% interest and do not have a controlling interest are accounted for using the equity method. 

2. Significant Accounting Policies 

Use of Estimates in the Combined Financial Statements 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, as well as the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Because of the inherent uncertainties in this process, actual
future results could differ from those expected at the reporting date. Management believes that the estimates and assumptions used are reasonable. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

 We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Restricted Cash 

 Restricted cash as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 consists of cash that contractually is not available for immediate use.
Restricted cash is presented separately from cash and cash equivalents in the combined balance sheets and statements of cash flows. 

 F-9 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Revenue Recognition 

 Contract operations revenue is recognized when earned, which generally occurs monthly when service is provided under our customer
contracts. Aftermarket services revenue is recognized as products are delivered and title is transferred or services are performed for the customer. 

 Product
sales revenue from third-parties is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method when the applicable criteria are met. We estimate percentage-of-completion for compressor
and accessory product sales on a direct labor hour to total labor hour basis. We estimate production and processing equipment product sales percentage-of-completion using the direct labor hour to
total labor hour basis and the cost to total cost basis. The duration of these projects is typically between three and 24 months. Product sales revenue is recognized using the completed
contract method when the applicable criteria of the percentage-of-completion method are not met. Product sales revenue from affiliates is recognized using the completed contract method as the
equipment is not guaranteed to be sold to the affiliate until the entities have entered into a bill of sale for such equipment which occurs once the fabrication process has been completed. Product
sales revenue from a claim is recognized to the extent that costs related to the claim have been incurred, when collection is probable and can be reliably estimated. We estimate the future costs and
gross margin on uncompleted contracts related to our product sales contracts. If we determine that a contract will result in a loss, we record a provision for the entire amount of the estimated loss
in the period in which such loss is identified. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk 

 Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents and accounts
receivable. We believe that the credit risk in temporary cash investments is limited because our cash is held in accounts with multiple financial institutions. Trade accounts receivable are due from
companies of varying size engaged principally in oil and natural gas activities throughout the world. We review the financial condition of customers prior to extending credit and generally do not
obtain collateral for trade receivables. Payment terms are on a short-term basis and in accordance with industry practice. We consider this credit risk to be limited due to these companies' financial
resources, the nature of products and services we provide and the terms of our contract operations customer service agreements. 

 We
maintain allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from our customers' inability to make required payments. The determination of the collectability of amounts
due from our customers requires us to use estimates and make judgments regarding future events and trends, including monitoring our customers' payment history and current creditworthiness to determine
that collectability is reasonably assured, as well as consideration of the overall business climate in which our
customers operate. Inherently, these uncertainties require us to make judgments and estimates regarding our customers' ability to pay amounts due to us in order to determine the appropriate amount of
valuation allowances required for doubtful accounts. We review the adequacy of our allowance for doubtful accounts quarterly. We determine the allowance needed based on historical write-off experience
and by evaluating significant balances aged greater than 90 days individually for collectability. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been
exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. During the years ended 

 F-10 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 December 31,
2014, 2013 and 2012, we recorded bad debt expense of $0.6 million, $2.3 million and $7.6 million, respectively. 

Inventory 

 Inventory consists of parts used for fabrication or maintenance of natural gas compression equipment and facilities, processing and
production equipment and also includes compression units and production equipment that are held for sale. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market using the average-cost method. A reserve is
recorded against inventory balances for estimated obsolescence based on specific identification and historical experience. 

Property, Plant and Equipment 

 Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives as
follows: 

 Compression equipment, facilities and other fleet assets 
 
 3 to 30 years 

 Buildings 
 
 20 to 35 years 

 Transportation, shop equipment and other 
 
 3 to 12 years 

 Major
improvements that extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized. Repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. When property, plant and equipment is sold, retired or
otherwise disposed of, the gain or loss is recorded in other (income) expense, net. 

Computer software 

 Certain costs related to the development or purchase of internal-use software are capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful
life of the software, which ranges from three to five years. Costs related to the preliminary project stage and the post-implementation/operation stage of an internal-use computer software development
project are expensed as incurred. 

Long-Lived Assets 

 We review long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and identifiable intangibles that are being amortized, for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances, including the removal of compressor units from our active fleet, indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An
impairment loss exists when estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition are less than its carrying amount. When necessary, an impairment
loss is recognized and represents the excess of the asset's carrying value as compared to its estimated fair value and is charged to the period in which the impairment occurred. Identifiable
intangibles are amortized over the assets' estimated useful lives. 

Deferred Revenue 

 Deferred revenue is primarily comprised of billings related to jobs where revenue is recognized on the percentage-of-completion method
that have not begun, milestone billings related to jobs where 

 F-11 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 revenue
is recognized on the completed contract method and deferred revenue on contract operations jobs. 

Other (Income) Expense, Net 

 Other (income) expense, net, is primarily comprised of gains and losses from the remeasurement of our international subsidiaries' net
assets exposed to changes in foreign currency rates and on the sale of used assets. 

Income Taxes 

 Our operations are subject to U.S. federal, state and local and foreign income taxes. In preparing our combined financial statements,
we have determined our tax provision on a separate return, stand-alone basis. In the U.S., our operations have been historically included in Exterran Holdings' income tax returns. Differences between
Exterran Holdings' U.S. separate income tax returns and cash flows attributable to income taxes for our U.S. operations have been recognized as distributions to, or contributions from, parent within
parent equity. 

 We
account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events
included in the combined financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the combined financial statements and tax basis of
assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is
recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 

 We
record net deferred tax assets to the extent we believe these assets will more likely than not be realized. In making such a determination, we consider all available positive and
negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies and results of recent operations. In the event we were
to determine that we would be able to realize our deferred income tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, we would make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation
allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes. 

 We
record uncertain tax positions in accordance with the accounting standard on income taxes under a two-step process whereby (1) we determine whether it is more likely than not
that the tax positions will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position and (2) for those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we recognize the
largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 

Foreign Currency Translation 

 The financial statements of subsidiaries outside the U.S., except those for which we have determined that the U.S. dollar is the
functional currency, are measured using the local currency as the functional currency. Assets and liabilities of these subsidiaries are translated at the rates of exchange in effect at the balance
sheet date. Income and expense items are translated at average monthly rates of 

 F-12 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 exchange.
The resulting gains and losses from the translation of accounts into U.S. dollars are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our combined balance sheets. For all
subsidiaries, gains and losses from remeasuring foreign currency accounts into the functional currency are included in other (income) expense, net, in our combined statements of operations. We
recorded a foreign currency loss of $8.8 million, $3.0 million and $8.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2014,
2013 and 2012, respectively. Included in our foreign currency loss was $3.6 million, $4.3 million and $7.4 million of non-cash losses from foreign currency exchange rate changes
recorded on intercompany obligations during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

 Argentina's
current regulations restrict foreign exchange, including exchanging Argentine pesos for U.S. dollars in certain cases, and we are unable to freely repatriate cash generated
in Argentina to fund our other operations. During 2014, we used Argentine pesos to purchase certain short-term investments in Argentine government issued U.S. dollar denominated bonds. The effective
peso to U.S. dollar exchange rate embedded in the purchase price of bonds resulted in our recognition of a loss during the year ended December 31, 2014 of $6.5 million, which is included
in other (income) expense, net, in our combined statements of operations. 

Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

 Components of comprehensive income are net income and all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from transactions
with owners. Our accumulated other comprehensive income consists of foreign currency translation adjustments. 

 The
following table presents the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income by component, net of tax, during the years ended December 31, 2012, 2013 and 2014 (in
thousands): 

 Foreign Currency 
Translation Adjustment 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income, January 1, 2012 

$ 
 23,131 

 Income recognized in other comprehensive income 

 3,762 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income, December 31, 2012 

 26,893 

 Loss recognized in other comprehensive income 

 (2,960 
 ) 

 Loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 

 7,491 
 (1) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income, December 31, 2013 

 31,424 

 Loss recognized in other comprehensive income 

 (11,871 
 ) 

 Gain reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 

 (2,777 
 )(2) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income, December 31, 2014 

$ 
 16,776 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (1) During
the year ended December 31, 2013, we reclassified losses of $5.1 million and $2.4 million related to foreign currency
translation adjustments to income from discontinued operations, net of tax, and long-lived asset impairment, respectively, in our combined statements of operations. These amounts represent cumulative
foreign currency 
 
 F-13 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

 translation
adjustments associated with our contract operations and aftermarket services businesses in Canada ("Canadian Operations") and a United Kingdom entity that previously had been recognized in
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). See Note 3 for further discussion of the sale of our Canadian Operations. Additionally, as discussed in Note 11, we sold the entity that
owned our product sales facility in the United Kingdom in July 2013 and, we recognized impairment during the year ended December 31, 2013 based on the net transaction value set forth in our
agreement to sell this entity. 

 (2) During
the year ended December 31, 2014, we reclassified a gain of $2.8 million related to foreign currency translation adjustments to other
(income) expense, net, in our combined statements of operations. This amount represents cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments associated with our contract operations and aftermarket
services businesses in Australia, which were sold in December 2014, that previously had been recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 

Financial Instruments 

 Our financial instruments consist of cash, restricted cash, receivables and payables. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the
estimated fair values of these financial instruments approximated their carrying amounts as reflected in our combined balance sheets. See Note 10 for additional information regarding the fair
value hierarchy. 

3. Discontinued Operations 

 In May 2009, the Venezuelan government enacted a law that reserves to the State of Venezuela certain assets and services related to hydrocarbon activities, which included substantially
all of our assets and services in Venezuela. The law provides that the reserved activities are to be performed by the State, by the State-owned oil company, Petroleos de Venezuela S.A. ("PDVSA"), or
its affiliates, or through mixed companies under the control of PDVSA or its affiliates. The law authorizes PDVSA or its affiliates to take possession of the assets and take over control of those
operations related to the reserved activities as a step prior to the commencement of an expropriation process, and permits the national executive of Venezuela to decree the total or partial
expropriation of shares or assets of companies performing those services. 

 In
June 2009, PDVSA commenced taking possession of our assets and operations in a number of our locations in Venezuela and by the end of the second quarter of 2009, PDVSA had assumed
control over substantially all of our assets and operations in Venezuela. The expropriation of our business in Venezuela meets the criteria established for recognition as discontinued operations under
GAAP.
Therefore, our Venezuelan contract operations business is reflected as discontinued operations in our combined financial statements. 

 In
March 2010, our Spanish subsidiary filed a request for the institution of an arbitration proceeding against Venezuela with the International Centre for Settlement of Investment
Disputes ("ICSID") related to the seized assets and investments under the agreement between Spain and Venezuela for the Reciprocal Promotion and Protection of Investments and under Venezuelan law. The
arbitration hearing occurred in July 2012. 

 F-14 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

3. Discontinued Operations (Continued) 

 In
August 2012, our Venezuelan subsidiary sold its previously nationalized assets to PDVSA Gas, S.A. ("PDVSA Gas") for a purchase price of approximately $441.7 million. We
received an initial payment of $176.7 million in cash at closing, of which we remitted $50.0 million to repay the amount we collected in January 2010 under the terms of an insurance
policy we maintained for the risk of expropriation. We received installment payments, including an annual charge, totaling $72.6 million, $69.3 million and $16.8 million during
the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The remaining principal amount due to us of approximately $116 million as of December 31, 2014, is payable in
quarterly cash installments through the third quarter of 2016. We have not recognized amounts payable to us by PDVSA Gas as a receivable and will therefore recognize quarterly payments received in the
future as income from discontinued operations in the periods such payments are received. The proceeds from the sale of the assets are not subject to Venezuelan national taxes due to an exemption
allowed under the Venezuelan Reserve Law applicable to expropriation settlements. In addition, and in connection with the sale, we and the Venezuelan government agreed to waive rights to assert
certain claims against each other. We therefore recorded a reduction in previously unrecognized tax benefits, resulting in a $15.5 million benefit reflected in income (loss) from discontinued
operations, net of tax, in our combined statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2012. 

 In
connection with the sale of these assets, we have agreed to suspend the arbitration proceeding previously filed by our Spanish subsidiary against Venezuela pending payment in full by
PDVSA Gas of the purchase price for these nationalized assets. 

 In
June 2012, we committed to a plan to sell our Canadian Operations as part of our continued emphasis on simplification and focus on our core businesses. Our Canadian Operations are
reflected as discontinued operations in our combined financial statements. These operations were previously included in our contract operations and aftermarket services business segments. In
connection with the planned disposition, we recorded impairment charges totaling $6.4 million and $80.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
The impairment charges are reflected in income from discontinued operations, net of tax, in our combined statements of operations. 

 In
July 2013, we completed the sale of our Canadian Operations to Ironline Compression Holdings LLC, an affiliate of Staple Street Capital L.L.C. We received the following consideration
for the sale of the Canadian Operations (specified in either U.S. dollars ("$") or Canadian dollars ("CDN$")): (i) cash proceeds of $12.3 million, net of transaction expenses,
(ii) a note receivable of CDN$8.1 million, (iii) contingent consideration of CDN$5.0 million based upon the Canadian Operations reaching a specified performance threshold
prior to December 31, 2016 and (iv) a potential tax refund related to the Canadian Operations of CDN$1.6 million if such amounts are received by the Canadian Operations. 

 F-15 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

3. Discontinued Operations (Continued) 

 The
following table summarizes the operating results of discontinued operations (in thousands): 

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

 Venezuela 
 
 Venezuela 
 
 Canada 
 
 Total 
 
 Venezuela 
 
 Canada 
 
 Total 

 Revenue 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 24,458 

$ 
 24,458 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 50,557 

$ 
 50,557 

 Expenses and selling, general and administrative 

 479 

 883 

 21,810 

 22,693 

 1,275 

 50,521 

 51,796 

 Loss (recovery) attributable to expropriation and impairments 

 (66,040 
 ) 
 
 (66,344 
 ) 
 
 6,376 

 (59,968 
 ) 
 
 (136,947 
 ) 
 
 80,159 

 (56,788 
 ) 

 Other income, net 

 (7,637 
 ) 
 
 (4,552 
 ) 
 
 (30 
 ) 
 
 (4,582 
 ) 
 
 (219 
 ) 
 
 (130 
 ) 
 
 (349 
 ) 

 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 166 

 166 

 (13,509 
 ) 
 
 2,564 

 (10,945 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 

$ 
 73,198 

$ 
 70,013 

$ 
 (3,864 
 ) 

$ 
 66,149 

$ 
 149,400 

$ 
 (82,557 
 ) 

$ 
 66,843 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 The
following table summarizes the balance sheet data for discontinued operations (in thousands): 

 December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 

 Cash 

$ 
 431 

$ 
 74 

 Accounts receivable 

 2 

 1 

 Other current assets 

 35 

 16 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total current assets associated with discontinued operations 

 468 

 91 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets associated with discontinued operations 

$ 
 468 

$ 
 91 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Accounts payable 

$ 
 214 

$ 
 366 

 Accrued liabilities 

 1,124 

 1,998 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total current liabilities associated with discontinued operations 

 1,338 

 2,364 

 Other long-term liabilities 

 317 

 447 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities associated with discontinued operations 

$ 
 1,655 

$ 
 2,811 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

4. Inventory, net 

 Inventory, net of reserves, consisted of the following amounts (in thousands): 

 December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 

 Parts and supplies 

$ 
 148,724 

$ 
 121,479 

 Work in progress 

 108,814 

 120,884 

 Finished goods 

 33,702 

 40,648 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Inventory, net 

$ 
 291,240 

$ 
 283,011 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-16 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

4. Inventory, net (Continued) 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we recorded $3.2 million, $0.6 million and $0.6 million, respectively, in inventory write-downs and
reserves for inventory which was obsolete, excess or carried at a price above market value. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, we had inventory reserves of $8.7 million and
$8.2 million, respectively. 

5. Product Sales Contracts 

 Costs, estimated earnings and billings on uncompleted contracts that are recognized using the percentage-of-completion method consisted of the following (in thousands): 

 December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 

 Costs incurred on uncompleted contracts 

$ 
 811,977 

$ 
 713,889 

 Estimated earnings 

 134,569 

 109,494 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 946,546 

 823,383 

 Less&#151;billings to date 

 (901,885 
 ) 
 
 (794,133 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

$ 
 44,661 

$ 
 29,250 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Costs,
estimated earnings and billings on uncompleted contracts are presented in the accompanying combined financial statements as follows (in thousands): 

 December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 

 Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts 

$ 
 120,938 

$ 
 117,175 

 Billings on uncompleted contracts in excess of costs and estimated earnings 

 (76,277 
 ) 
 
 (87,925 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

$ 
 44,661 

$ 
 29,250 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

6. Property, Plant and Equipment, net 

 Property, plant and equipment, net, consisted of the following (in thousands): 

 December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 

 Compression equipment, facilities and other fleet assets 

$ 
 1,514,982 

$ 
 1,512,186 

 Land and buildings 

 154,866 

 151,627 

 Transportation and shop equipment 

 194,032 

 191,609 

 Other 

 112,732 

 104,972 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 1,976,612 

 1,960,394 

 Accumulated depreciation 

 (1,021,801 
 ) 
 
 (995,198 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Property, plant and equipment, net 

$ 
 954,811 

$ 
 965,196 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-17 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

6. Property, Plant and Equipment, net (Continued) 

 Depreciation expense was $167.3 million, $131.7 million and $156.5 million during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Assets under
construction of $70.7 million and $50.8 million were primarily included in compression equipment, facilities and other fleet assets at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

7. Intangible and Other Assets, net 

 Intangible and other assets, net, consisted of the following (in thousands): 

 December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 

 Intangible assets, net 

$ 
 23,788 

$ 
 29,844 

 Deferred taxes 

 57,899 

 79,143 

 Recoverable foreign social security tax 

 19,372 

 21,294 

 Other 

 22,519 

 21,603 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Intangibles and other assets, net 

$ 
 123,578 

$ 
 151,884 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Intangible
assets consisted of the following (in thousands): 

 December 31, 2014 
 
 December 31, 2013 

 Gross 
Carrying 
Amount 
 
 Accumulated 
Amortization 
 
 Gross 
Carrying 
Amount 
 
 Accumulated 
Amortization 

 Marketing related (20 year life) 

$ 
 2,638 

$ 
 (1,747 
 ) 

$ 
 2,691 

$ 
 (1,677 
 ) 

 Customer related (17 - 20 year life) 

 81,088 

 (59,918 
 ) 
 
 82,325 

 (56,665 
 ) 

 Technology based (20 year life) 

 3,843 

 (3,480 
 ) 
 
 4,149 

 (3,604 
 ) 

 Contract based (2 - 11 year life) 

 44,983 

 (43,619 
 ) 
 
 45,471 

 (42,846 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Intangible assets 

$ 
 132,552 

$ 
 (108,764 
 ) 

$ 
 134,636 

$ 
 (104,792 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Amortization
of intangible assets totaled $6.5 million, $8.3 million and $11.0 million during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

 Estimated
future intangible amortization expense is as follows (in thousands): 

 2015 

$ 
 5,200 

 2016 

 4,250 

 2017 

 3,149 

 2018 

 2,572 

 2019 

 2,119 

 Thereafter 

 6,498 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total 

$ 
 23,788 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-18 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

8. Investments in Non-Consolidated Affiliates 

 Investments in affiliates that are not controlled by us where we have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operations are accounted for using the equity method. 

 We
own a 30.0% interest in WilPro Energy Services (PIGAP II) Limited and 33.3% interest in WilPro Energy Services (El Furrial) Limited which are joint ventures that provided
natural gas compression and injection services in Venezuela. In May 2009, PDVSA assumed control over the assets of our Venezuelan joint ventures and transitioned the operations, including the hiring
of their employees, to PDVSA. In March 2011, our Venezuelan joint ventures, together with the Netherlands' parent company of our joint venture partners, filed a request for the institution of an
arbitration proceeding against Venezuela with ICSID related to the seized assets and investments. 

 In
March 2012, our Venezuelan joint ventures sold their assets to PDVSA Gas. We received an initial payment of $37.6 million in March 2012, and received installment payments,
including an annual charge, totaling $14.7 million, $19.0 million and $14.1 million during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The remaining
principal amount due to us of approximately $26 million as of December 31, 2014, is payable in quarterly cash installments through the first quarter of 2016. In January 2015, we received
an installment payment, including an annual charge, of $5.0 million that was due to us in December 2014. We have not recognized amounts payable to us by PDVSA Gas as a receivable and will
therefore recognize quarterly payments received in the future as equity in (income) loss of non-consolidated affiliates in our combined statements of operations in the periods such payments are
received. In connection with the sale of our Venezuelan joint ventures' assets, the joint ventures and our joint venture partners have agreed to suspend their previously filed arbitration
proceeding against Venezuela pending payment in full by PDVSA Gas of the purchase price for the assets. 

9. Accrued Liabilities 

 Accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands): 

 December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 

 Accrued salaries and other benefits 

$ 
 75,635 

$ 
 69,176 

 Accrued income and other taxes 

 47,406 

 63,144 

 Accrued warranty expense 

 11,203 

 4,644 

 Deferred income taxes 

 635 

 1,377 

 Accrued start-up and commissioning expenses 

 3,630 

 8,445 

 Accrued other liabilities 

 30,068 

 57,356 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Accrued liabilities 

$ 
 168,577 

$ 
 204,142 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 During
2014, we accrued $7.0 million of warranty expense on one project for a single customer. Our warranty expense was $10.5 million, $4.9 million and
$4.8 million during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

 F-19 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

10. Fair Value Measurements 

 The accounting standard for fair value measurements and disclosures establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into
the following three broad categories. 

 &#149; Level 1 &#151;Quoted unadjusted prices for identical instruments in
active markets to which we have access at the date of measurement. 
 &#149; Level 2 &#151;Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets;
quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active
markets. Level 2 inputs are those in markets for which there are few transactions, the prices are not current, little public information exists or prices vary substantially over time or among
brokered market makers. 
 &#149; Level 3 &#151;Model derived valuations in which one or more significant
inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. Unobservable inputs are those inputs that reflect our own assumptions regarding how market participants would price the asset or liability based
on the best available information. 

 The
following table presents our assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, with pricing levels as of
the date of valuation (in thousands): 

 Year Ended December 31, 2014 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2013 

 (Level 1) 
 
 (Level 2) 
 
 (Level 3) 
 
 (Level 1) 
 
 (Level 2) 
 
 (Level 3) 

 Impaired long-lived assets 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

 Impaired long-lived assets&#151;Discontinued operations 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Long-term receivable from the sale of our Canadian Operations 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 7,300 

 Our
estimate of the impaired long-lived assets' fair value was primarily based on the estimated component value of the equipment we plan to use and expected net sale proceeds. Impaired
long-lived assets include our estimate of the fair value of the impaired assets of the entity that owned our product sales facility in the United Kingdom, which was based on the net transaction value
set forth in our July 2013 agreement to sell this entity. Our estimate of the fair value of the impaired assets that are
classified as discontinued operations was based on our expected proceeds, net of selling costs. Our estimate of the fair value of the long-term receivable from the sale of our Canadian Operations,
which included a note receivable and contingent consideration, was discounted based on a settlement period of 5.5 years, a discount rate of 13% and a probability weighted factor of the
achievement of the specified performance threshold. 

11. Long-Lived Asset Impairment 

 During the year ended December 31, 2014, we evaluated the future deployment of our idle fleet and determined to retire approximately 20 idle compressor units, representing
approximately 18,000 horsepower, previously used to provide services in our contract operations segment. As a result, we performed an impairment review and recorded a $2.8 million asset
impairment to reduce the book 

 F-20 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

11. Long-Lived Asset Impairment (Continued) 

 value
of each unit to its estimated fair value. The fair value of each unit was estimated based on the estimated component value of the equipment we plan to use. 

 In
connection with our fleet review during 2014, we evaluated for impairment idle units that had been culled from our fleet in prior years and were available for sale. Based upon that
review, we reduced the expected proceeds from disposition for certain of the remaining units. This resulted in an additional impairment of $1.1 million to reduce the book value of each unit to
its estimated fair value. 

 In
July 2013, as part of our continued emphasis on simplification and focus on our core business, we sold the entity that owned our product sales facility in the United Kingdom. As a
result, we recorded impairment charges of $11.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2013. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2012, as part of our continued emphasis on simplification and focus on our core businesses, we committed to a plan to dispose of certain
offshore assets located in Trinidad. As a result, we performed an impairment review and recorded a $3.2 million asset impairment to reduce the book value of these assets to their estimated fair
value. The fair value was estimated based on the expected net sale proceeds. 

 In
2012, we committed to a plan to sell the entity that owned our product sales facility in the United Kingdom. As a result, we recorded impairment charges of $1.5 million during
the year ended December 31, 2012. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2012, we evaluated other long-lived assets for impairment and recorded long-lived asset impairments of $0.5 million on these assets. 

12. Restructuring Charges 

 In November 2011, we announced a workforce cost reduction program across all of our business segments as a first step in a broader overall profit improvement initiative. These actions
were the result of a review of our cost structure aimed at identifying ways to reduce our ongoing operating costs and adjust the size of our workforce to be consistent with then current and expected
activity levels. A significant portion of the workforce cost reduction program was completed in 2011, with the remainder completed in 2012. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2012, we incurred $3.9 million of restructuring charges primarily related to termination benefits and consulting services. These charges
are reflected as restructuring charges in our combined statements of operations. 

13. Income Taxes 

 The components of income before income taxes were as follows (in thousands): 

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

 United States 

$ 
 84,549 

$ 
 134,946 

$ 
 48,701 

 Foreign 

 72,599 

 49,125 

 30,032 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income before income taxes 

$ 
 157,148 

$ 
 184,071 

$ 
 78,733 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-21 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

13. Income Taxes (Continued) 

 The provision for income taxes consisted of the following (in thousands): 

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

 Current tax provision: 

 U.S. federal 

$ 
 6,128 

$ 
 20,511 

$ 
 4,051 

 State 

 2,136 

 4,169 

 1,227 

 Foreign 

 56,029 

 55,790 

 35,238 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total current 

 64,293 

 80,470 

 40,516 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Deferred tax provision (benefit): 

 U.S. federal 

 12,503 

 10,045 

 2,772 

 State 

 (753 
 ) 
 
 (865 
 ) 
 
 (82 
 ) 

 Foreign 

 1,790 

 7,717 

 (16,980 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total deferred 

 13,540 

 16,897 

 (14,290 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Provision for income taxes 

$ 
 77,833 

$ 
 97,367 

$ 
 26,226 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 The
provision for income taxes for 2014, 2013 and 2012 resulted in effective tax rates on continuing operations of 49.5%, 52.9% and 33.3%, respectively. The reasons for the differences
between these effective tax rates and the U.S. statutory rate of 35% are as follows (in thousands): 

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

 Income taxes at U.S. federal statutory rate of 35% 

$ 
 55,002 

$ 
 64,425 

$ 
 27,557 

 Net state income taxes 

 976 

 2,145 

 745 

 Foreign taxes 

 31,289 

 28,470 

 14,638 

 Foreign tax credits 

 (10,942 
 ) 
 
 (16,355 
 ) 
 
 (9,925 
 ) 

 Unrecognized tax benefits 

 403 

 2,473 

 (1,885 
 ) 

 Valuation allowances 

 7,884 

 22,795 

 14,649 

 Proceeds from sale of joint venture assets 

 (5,162 
 ) 
 
 (6,650 
 ) 
 
 (18,019 
 ) 

 Other 

 (1,617 
 ) 
 
 64 

 (1,534 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Provision for income taxes 

$ 
 77,833 

$ 
 97,367 

$ 
 26,226 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Deferred
income tax balances are the direct effect of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities at the enacted
tax rates expected 

 F-22 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

13. Income Taxes (Continued) 

 to
be in effect when the taxes are actually paid or recovered. The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows (in
thousands): 

 December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 

 Deferred tax assets: 

 Net operating loss carryforwards 

$ 
 104,733 

$ 
 102,632 

 Inventory 

 2,105 

 4,240 

 Accrued liabilities 

 8,330 

 4,150 

 Foreign tax credit carryforwards 

 62,940 

 79,228 

 Deferred revenue 

 19,370 

 18,510 

 Stock-based compensation expense 

 14,290 

 10,070 

 Other 

 16,387 

 15,775 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Subtotal 

 228,155 

 234,605 

 Valuation allowances 

 (105,139 
 ) 
 
 (101,785 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total deferred tax assets 

 123,016 

 132,820 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Deferred tax liabilities: 

 Property, plant and equipment 

 (55,042 
 ) 
 
 (66,480 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total deferred tax liabilities 

 (55,042 
 ) 
 
 (66,480 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net deferred tax assets 

$ 
 67,974 

$ 
 66,340 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Tax
balances are presented in the accompanying combined balance sheets as follows (in thousands): 

 December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 

 Current deferred income tax assets 

$ 
 48,890 

$ 
 38,112 

 Intangibles and other assets 

 57,899 

 79,143 

 Accrued liabilities 

 (635 
 ) 
 
 (1,377 
 ) 

 Deferred income tax liabilities 

 (38,180 
 ) 
 
 (49,538 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net deferred tax assets 

$ 
 67,974 

$ 
 66,340 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 At
December 31, 2014, we had approximately $360.0 million of net operating loss carryforwards in certain foreign jurisdictions (excluding discontinued operations),
approximately $205.4 million of which has no expiration date, $44.1 million of which is subject to expiration from 2015 to 2019, and the remainder of which expires in future years
through 2034. Foreign tax credit carryforwards of $62.9 million are available to offset future payments of U.S. federal income tax. The foreign tax credits will expire in varying amounts
beginning in 2017. 

 Pursuant
to Section 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, utilization of credit carryforwards, such as foreign tax credits, will be subject to annual limitations
due to the ownership changes of both Hanover Compressor Company ("Hanover") and Universal Compression Holdings, Inc. ("Universal"). In general, an ownership change, as defined by Section 382,
results from 

 F-23 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

13. Income Taxes (Continued) 

 transactions
increasing the ownership of certain stockholders or public groups in the stock of a corporation by more than 50 percentage points over a three-year period. The merger of Hanover and
Universal to form Exterran Holdings resulted in such an ownership change for both Hanover and Universal. Our ability to utilize credit carryforwards against future U.S. federal income tax may be
limited. The limitations may cause us to pay U.S. federal income taxes earlier; however, we do not currently expect that any credit carryforwards will expire as a result of these limitations. 

 On
September 13, 2013, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS issued final regulations that address costs incurred in acquiring, producing, or improving tangible property (the
"tangible property regulations"). The tangible property regulations are generally effective for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2014. The tangible property regulations require us to
make tax accounting method changes or file election statements with our U.S. federal tax return for our tax year beginning on January 1, 2014; however, these new requirements did not have a
material impact on our combined financial statements. 

 We
record valuation allowances when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax
assets depends on the ability to generate sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character and in the appropriate taxing jurisdictions in the future. If we do not meet our expectations with
respect to taxable income, we may
not realize the full benefit from our deferred tax assets which would require us to record a valuation allowance in our tax provision in future years. 

 In
the fourth quarter of 2013, a $9.0 million valuation allowance was recorded against the deferred tax asset for Italy net operating loss carryforwards. Although the net
operating losses have an unlimited carryforward period, cumulative losses in recent years and losses expected in the near term result in it no longer being more likely than not that we will realize
the deferred tax asset in the foreseeable future. Due to annual limitations on the utilization of Italy net operating loss carryforwards, we would need to generate more than $40.0 million of
taxable income in Italy to fully realize the deferred tax asset. 

 We
have not provided U.S. federal income taxes on indefinitely (or permanently) reinvested cumulative earnings of approximately $705.4 million generated by our non-U.S.
subsidiaries. Such earnings are from ongoing operations which will be used to fund international growth. We have not recorded a deferred tax liability related to these unremitted foreign earnings as
it is not practicable to estimate the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liabilities. In the event of a distribution of those earnings to the U.S. in the form of dividends, we may be subject to both
foreign withholding taxes and U.S. federal income taxes net of allowable foreign tax credits. 

 F-24 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

13. Income Taxes (Continued) 

 A
reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits (including discontinued operations) is shown below (in thousands): 

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

 Beginning balance 

$ 
 9,033 

$ 
 7,736 

$ 
 14,604 

 Additions based on tax positions related to prior years 

 &#151; 

 1,710 

 148 

 Reductions based on settlement with government authority 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (5,753 
 ) 

 Reductions based on lapse of statute of limitations 

 (215 
 ) 
 
 (97 
 ) 
 
 (1,263 
 ) 

 Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years 

 (462 
 ) 
 
 (316 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Ending balance 

$ 
 8,356 

$ 
 9,033 

$ 
 7,736 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 We
had $8.4 million, $9.0 million and $7.7 million of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, which if recognized, would
affect the effective tax rate (except for amounts that would be reflected in income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax). We also have recorded $3.2 million, $3.3 million and
$2.4 million of potential interest expense and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits associated with uncertain tax positions (including discontinued operations) as of
December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. To the extent interest and penalties are not assessed with respect to uncertain tax positions, amounts accrued will be reduced and reflected as
reductions in income tax expense. 

 Our
subsidiaries file separate income tax returns in numerous foreign jurisdictions. In the U.S., our operations have been historically included in Exterran Holdings' consolidated and
separate income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in numerous state jurisdictions. We are subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations for tax years beginning from 1997 onward and,
early in the second quarter of 2011, the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") commenced an examination of Exterran Holdings' U.S. federal income tax returns for the tax years 2006, 2008 and 2009. In
October 2012, the IRS completed its examination and issued Revenue Agent's Reports ("RARs") that reflected an aggregate over-assessment of $0.9 million. All of the adjustments proposed in the
RARs were agreed, except for the disallowance of Exterran Holdings' telephone excise tax refund ("TETR") claims of $0.5 million related to the 2006 tax year, for which Exterran Holdings filed
protests with the Appeals Division of the IRS. Exterran Holdings settled with the IRS Appeals Division in December 2013 for more than 90% of the TETR claims and received refunds in the first quarter
of 2014. The $0.9 million
over-assessment was approved for refund by the Joint Committee on Taxation and was received in the third quarter of 2014. We do not expect any tax adjustments from later tax years that would have a
material impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

 State
income tax returns are generally subject to examination for a period of three to five years after filing the returns. However, the state impact of any U.S. federal audit
adjustments and amendments remains subject to examination by various states for up to one year after formal notification to the states. As of December 31, 2014, we did not have any state audits
underway that would have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

 We
are subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world, including major foreign jurisdictions such as Argentina, Brazil, Italy and Mexico. With few exceptions, we and
our subsidiaries 

 F-25 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

13. Income Taxes (Continued) 

 are
no longer subject to foreign income tax examinations for tax years before 2005. Several foreign audits are currently in progress and we do not expect any tax adjustments that would have a material
impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

 We
believe it is reasonably possible that a decrease of up to $0.1 million in unrecognized tax benefits may be necessary on or before December 31, 2015 due to the
settlement of audits and the expiration of statutes of limitations. However, due to the uncertain and complex application of tax regulations, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these
matters may result in liabilities which could materially differ from these estimates. 

14. Related Party Transactions and Parent Equity 

Transactions with Affiliates 

 All intercompany transactions and accounts within SpinCo have been eliminated. All affiliate transactions between SpinCo and Exterran
Holdings have been included in these combined financial statements. Sales of newly-fabricated compression equipment from the product sales business of Exterran Holdings, owned by Exterran Energy
Solutions, L.P. ("EESLP"), to Exterran Partners, L.P. ("Exterran Partners") are used in the U.S. services business of Exterran Holdings and are made pursuant to an omnibus agreement between the
parties and other affiliates of both entities. Per the omnibus agreement, revenue is determined by the cost to fabricate such equipment plus a fixed margin. During the years ended December 31,
2014, 2013 and 2012, we recorded revenue of $233.0 million, $118.4 million and $109.9 million, respectively, and cost of sales of $212.2 million, $106.6 million and
$98.9 million, respectively, from the sale of newly-fabricated compression equipment to Exterran Partners. 

 Prior
to the spin-off transaction closing, EESLP also has a fleet of compression units that it uses to provide compression services in the U.S. services business of Exterran Holdings.
Revenue has not been recognized in the combined statements of operations for the sale of compressor units by us that are used by EESLP to provide compression services to customers of the U.S. services
business of Exterran Holdings. The cost of these units are treated as a reduction of parent equity in the combined balance sheets and a distribution to parent in the combined statements of cash flows
and totaled $59.1 million, $55.2 million and $9.3 million during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 

Allocation of Expenses 

 The combined statement of operations also includes expense allocations for certain functions performed by Exterran Holdings which have
not been historically allocated to its operating segments, including allocations of expenses related to executive oversight, accounting, treasury, tax, legal, procurement and information technology.
Included in our selling, general and administrative expense during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were $68.3 million, $62.6 million and $63.3 million,
respectively, of corporate expenses incurred by Exterran Holdings. These costs were allocated to us systematically based on specific department function and revenue. Management believes the
assumptions underlying the combined financial statements, including the assumptions regarding allocating expenses from Exterran Holdings, are reasonable. Nevertheless, the combined financial
statements may not include all of the actual expenses that would have been incurred had we been a standalone public company during the periods presented and may not reflect our combined results of 

 F-26 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

14. Related Party Transactions and Parent Equity (Continued) 

 operations,
financial position and cash flows had we been a stand-alone public company during the periods presented. Actual costs that would have been incurred if we had been a stand-alone public
company would depend on multiple factors, including organizational structure and strategic decisions made in various areas, including information technology and infrastructure. 

Cash Management 

 EESLP provides centralized treasury functions for Exterran Holdings' U.S. operations, whereby EESLP regularly transfers cash both to
and from U.S. subsidiaries of Exterran Holdings, as necessary. In conjunction therewith, the intercompany transactions between our U.S. subsidiaries and the other U.S. subsidiaries of Exterran
Holdings have been considered to be effectively settled in cash in these combined financial statements. Intercompany receivables/payables from/to related parties arising from transactions with
affiliates and expenses allocated from Exterran Holdings described above have been included in net distributions to parent in the combined financial statements. 

Net Distributions to Parent 

 Parent equity, which includes retained earnings, represents Exterran Holdings' interest in our recorded net assets. All transactions
between us and Exterran Holdings have been identified in the accompanying combined statements of changes in equity as net distributions to parent. A reconciliation of net distributions to parent in
the combined statements of changes in equity to the corresponding amount presented on the combined statements of cash flows for all periods presented is as follows (in thousands): 

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

 Net distributions to parent per combined statements of changes in equity 

$ 
 (59,947 
 ) 

$ 
 (190,874 
 ) 

$ 
 (166,546 
 ) 

 Capital contribution by parent&#151;stock-based compensation expense 

 (5,288 
 ) 
 
 (5,330 
 ) 
 
 (6,057 
 ) 

 Capital contribution by parent&#151;stock-based compensation excess tax benefit 

 3,434 

 941 

 454 

 Net transfers of property, plant and equipment to (from) parent 

 (17,472 
 ) 
 
 12,578 

 (24,785 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net distributions to parent per combined statements of cash flows 

$ 
 (79,273 
 ) 

$ 
 (182,685 
 ) 

$ 
 (196,934 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

15. Stock-Based Compensation and Awards 

 Exterran Holdings maintains stock-based compensation plans described below. The below disclosures only relate to stock-based compensation provided to employees that are directly involved
in our operations. The below disclosure excludes stock-based compensation awards made to employees that are indirectly involved in our operations but whose cost have been allocated to us. 

 F-27 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

15. Stock-Based Compensation and Awards (Continued) 

 The following table presents the stock-based compensation expense included in our results of operations for employees directly involved in our operations (in thousands): 

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

 Stock options 

$ 
 496 

$ 
 506 

$ 
 876 

 Restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units, cash settled restricted stock units, cash settled performance units and phantom
units 

 7,922 

 7,609 

 6,756 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total stock-based compensation expense 

$ 
 8,418 

$ 
 8,115 

$ 
 7,632 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

Stock Incentive Plan 

 In April 2013, Exterran Holdings adopted the Exterran Holdings, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (the "2013 Plan") to provide for the
granting of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance units, other stock-based awards and dividend equivalent rights to employees, directors and
consultants of Exterran Holdings. Upon effectiveness of the 2013 Plan, no additional grants may be made under the Exterran Holdings, Inc. 2007 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (the
"2007 Plan") and the Exterran Holdings, Inc. 2011 Employment Inducement Long-Term Equity Plan (the "Employment Inducement Plan"). Previous grants made under the 2007 Plan and the Employment
Inducement Plan will continue to be governed by their respective plans. 

Stock Options 

 Stock options are granted at fair market value at the grant date, are exercisable according to the vesting schedule established by the
compensation committee of Exterran Holdings' board of directors in its sole discretion and expire no later than seven years after the grant
date. Stock options generally vest one-third per year on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date. 

 The
weighted average grant date fair value for stock options granted to employees directly involved in our operations during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was
$14.47, $10.19 and $5.74, respectively, and was estimated using the Black-Scholes option valuation model with the following weighted average assumptions: 

 Years Ended 
December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

 Expected life in years 

 4.5 

 4.5 

 4.5 

 Risk-free interest rate 

 1.33 
 % 
 
 0.66 
 % 
 
 0.78 
 % 

 Volatility 

 46.51 
 % 
 
 49.19 
 % 
 
 47.96 
 % 

 Dividend yield 

 1.5 
 % 
 
 0.0 
 % 
 
 0.0 
 % 

 The
risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect on the grant date for a period commensurate with the estimated expected life of the stock options.
Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of Exterran Holdings stock over the period commensurate with the expected life of the stock options and other factors. The dividend yield is
based on the Exterran 

 F-28 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

15. Stock-Based Compensation and Awards (Continued) 

 Holdings'
annualized dividend rate in effect during the quarter in which the grant was made. At the time of the stock option grants during each of the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012,
Exterran Holdings had not historically paid any dividends and did not expect to pay any dividends during the expected life of the stock options. 

 The
following table presents stock option activity with employees directly involved in our operations during the year ended December 31, 2014: 

 Stock 
Options 
(in thousands) 
 
 Weighted 
Average 
Exercise Price 
Per Share 
 
 Weighted 
Average 
Remaining 
Life (in years) 
 
 Aggregate 
Intrinsic 
Value 
(in thousands) 

 Options outstanding, January 1, 2014 

 384 

$ 
 28.38 

 Granted 

 31 

 41.18 

 Exercised 

 (76 
 ) 
 
 20.45 

 Cancelled 

 (11 
 ) 
 
 72.22 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Options outstanding, December 31, 2014 

 328 

 29.96 

 3.3 

$ 
 2,907 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Options exercisable, December 31, 2014 

 177 

 20.28 

 3.2 

 2,179 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Intrinsic
value is the difference between the market value of Exterran Holdings stock and the exercise price of each stock option multiplied by the number of stock options outstanding
for those stock options where the market value exceeds their exercise price. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised by employees directly involved in our operations during 2014 was
$1.5 million. As of December 31, 2014, we expect $0.5 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options issued to employees directly involved in our
operations to be recognized over the weighted-average period of 1.7 years. 

Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units, Cash Settled Restricted Stock
Units and Cash Settled Performance Units 

 For grants of restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance units, we recognize compensation expense over the vesting period
equal to the fair value of our common stock at the grant date. We remeasure the fair value of cash settled restricted stock units and cash settled performance units and record a cumulative adjustment
of the expense previously recognized. Our obligation related to the cash settled restricted stock units and cash settled performance units is reflected as a liability in our combined balance sheets.
Grants of restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units, cash settled restricted stock units and cash settled performance units generally vest one-third per year on each of the first
three anniversaries of the grant date. 

 F-29 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

15. Stock-Based Compensation and Awards (Continued) 

 The
following table presents restricted stock, restricted stock unit, performance unit, cash settled restricted stock unit and cash settled performance unit activity with employees
directly involved in our operations during the year ended December 31, 2014: 

 Shares 
(in thousands) 
 
 Weighted 
Average 
Grant-Date 
Fair Value 
Per Share 

 Non-vested awards, January 1, 2014 

 603 

$ 
 18.97 

 Granted 

 149 

 41.18 

 Vested 

 (310 
 ) 
 
 18.32 

 Cancelled 

 (53 
 ) 
 
 24.46 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Non-vested awards, December 31, 2014(1) 

 389 

 27.25 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 (1) Non-vested
awards as of December 31, 2014 are comprised of 78,000 cash settled restricted stock units and cash settled performance units and 311,000
restricted shares, restricted stock units and performance units. 
 
 As
of December 31, 2014, we expect $6.4 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units, cash
settled restricted stock units and cash settled performance units issued to employees directly involved in our operations to be recognized over the weighted-average period of 1.7 years. 

16. Commitments and Contingencies 

 Rent expense for 2014, 2013 and 2012 was approximately $15.5 million, $14.9 million and $12.7 million,
respectively. Commitments for future minimum rental payments with terms in excess of one year at December 31, 2014 are as follows (in thousands): 

 December 31, 
2014 

 2015 

$ 
 8,402 

 2016 

 5,907 

 2017 

 5,086 

 2018 

 3,027 

 2019 

 1,750 

 Thereafter 

 15,305 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total 

$ 
 39,477 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

Guarantees 

 Borrowings under Exterran Holdings' $900.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility due in July 2016 (the "Exterran
Holdings Credit Facility") are guaranteed by certain of our and Exterran Holdings' domestic subsidiaries. Our guarantees of borrowings under the Exterran Holdings Credit 

 F-30 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

16. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 

 Facility
are secured by substantially all of the personal property assets and certain real property assets of our Significant Domestic Subsidiaries (as defined in the credit agreement) and 65% of the
equity interests in certain of our first-tier foreign subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2014, Exterran Holdings had $375.5 million in outstanding borrowings under the Exterran Holdings
Credit Facility. 

 All
of our existing subsidiaries that guarantee indebtedness under the Exterran Holdings Credit Facility also guarantee the Exterran Holdings' $350.0 million aggregate principal
amount of 7.25% senior notes due December 2018 (the "Exterran Holdings 7.25% Notes"). Our guarantees of the Exterran Holdings 7.25% Notes are on a senior unsecured basis, rank equally in right of
payment with all of Exterran Holdings' other senior obligations and are effectively subordinated to all of Exterran Holdings' existing and future secured debt to the extent of the value of the
collateral securing such indebtedness. As of December 31, 2014, Exterran Holdings had $350.0 million in outstanding borrowings under the Exterran Holdings 7.25% Notes. We are liable in
the event Exterran Holdings defaults in its payment obligations or fails to comply with the covenants under the debt agreements or upon the occurrence of specified events contained in the debt
agreements, including the event of bankruptcy or insolvency of Exterran Holdings. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, no liabilities relating to such guarantees have been reflected in our
combined balance sheets. We expect to be released from our obligations under such guarantees prior to or at the completion of the spin-off. 

 In
addition to our guarantees of indebtedness held by Exterran Holdings, we have issued the following guarantees that are not recorded on our accompanying combined balance sheets
(dollars in thousands): 

 Term 
 
 Maximum Potential 
Undiscounted 
Payments as of 
December 31, 2014 

 Performance guarantees through letters of credit(1) 

 2015 - 2019 

$ 
 142,785 

 Standby letters of credit 

 2015 

 10,156 

 Commercial letters of credit 

 2015 

 9,192 

 Bid bonds and performance bonds(1) 

 2015 - 2023 

 85,439 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Maximum potential undiscounted payments(2) 

$ 
 247,572 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (1) We
have issued guarantees to third parties to ensure performance of our obligations, some of which may be fulfilled by third parties.
 (2) $91.2 million
of the maximum potential undiscounted payments relate to letters of credit outstanding that were issued by us under the Exterran
Holdings Credit Facility. 
 
 As
part of an acquisition in 2001, we may be required to make contingent payments of up to $46 million to the seller, depending on our realization of certain U.S. federal tax
benefits through the year 2015. To date, we have not realized any such benefits that would require a payment and we do not anticipate realizing any such benefits that would require a payment before
the year 2016. 

 See
Note 3 and Note 8 for a discussion of our gain contingencies related to assets that were expropriated in Venezuela. 

 F-31 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

16. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 

 In
addition to U.S. federal, state, local and foreign income taxes, we are subject to a number of taxes that are not income-based. As many of these taxes are subject to audit by the
taxing authorities, it is
possible that an audit could result in additional taxes due. We accrue for such additional taxes when we determine that it is probable that we have incurred a liability and we can reasonably estimate
the amount of the liability. As of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, we had accrued $1.4 million and $0.1 million, respectively, for the outcomes of non-income based
tax audits. We do not expect that the ultimate resolutions of these audits will result in a material variance from the amounts accrued. We do not accrue for unasserted claims for tax audits unless we
believe the assertion of a claim is probable, it is probable that it will be determined that the claim is owed and we can reasonably estimate the claim or range of the claim. We do not have any
unasserted claims from non-income based tax audits that we have determined are probable of assertion. We also believe the likelihood is remote that the impact of potential unasserted claims from
non-income based tax audits could be material to our combined financial position, but it is possible that the resolution of future audits could be material to our results of operations or cash flows
for the period in which the resolution occurs. 

 Our
business can be hazardous, involving unforeseen circumstances such as uncontrollable flows of natural gas or well fluids and fires or explosions. As is customary in our industry, we
review our safety equipment and procedures and carry insurance against some, but not all, risks of our business. Our insurance coverage includes property damage, general liability and commercial
automobile liability and other coverage we believe is appropriate. In addition, we have a minimal amount of insurance on our offshore assets. We believe that our insurance coverage is customary for
the industry and adequate for our business; however, losses and liabilities not covered by insurance would increase our costs. 

 Additionally,
we are substantially self-insured for workers' compensation and employee group health claims in view of the relatively high per-incident deductibles we absorb under our
insurance arrangements for these risks. Losses up to the deductible amounts are estimated and accrued based upon known facts, historical trends and industry averages. 

Litigation and Claims 

 In the ordinary course of business, we are also involved in various pending or threatened legal actions. While management is unable to
predict the ultimate outcome of these actions, it believes that any ultimate liability arising from any of these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our combined financial position,
results of operations or cash flows. However, because of the inherent uncertainty of litigation and arbitration proceedings, we cannot provide assurance that the resolution of any particular claim or
proceeding to which we are a party will not have a material adverse effect on our combined financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

17. Recent Accounting Developments 

 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an update to the authoritative guidance related to revenue recognition. The update outlines a single comprehensive
model for companies to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The core
principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
expects 

 F-32 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

17. Recent Accounting Developments (Continued) 

 to
be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The update also requires disclosures enabling users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue
and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The update will be effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. We are currently
evaluating the potential impact of the update on our combined financial statements. 

 In
April 2014, the FASB issued an update to the authoritative guidance related to reporting requirements for discontinued operations. The update requires a disposal of a component or a
group of components of an entity to meet a higher threshold in order to be reported as a discontinued operation in an entity's financial statements. Discontinued operations reporting will be limited
to disposal transactions that represent a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component meets the criteria to be classified as
held-for-sale or is disposed. The amended guidance also expands the disclosures for discontinued operations and requires new disclosures related to individually material disposals that do not meet the
definition of a discontinued operation. The amendments in the update are effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning on or after December 15, 2014. We elected early application as
permitted by the guidance. The adoption of this update did not have a material impact on our combined financial statements. 

 In
July 2013, the FASB issued an update to the authoritative guidance related to presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss,
or a tax credit carryforward exists. The update clarifies that an unrecognized tax benefit, or a portion of an unrecognized tax benefit, should be presented in the financial statements as a reduction
to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward if such settlement is required or expected in the event the uncertain tax position is
disallowed. In situations where a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward is not available at the reporting date under the tax law of the applicable
jurisdiction or the jurisdiction's tax law does not require, and the entity does not intend to use, the deferred tax asset for such purpose, the unrecognized tax benefit should be presented in the
financial statements as a liability and should not be combined with deferred tax assets. The amendments in the update are effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2013. The
adoption of this update did not have a material impact on our combined financial statements. 

18. Reportable Segments and Geographic Information 

 We manage our business segments primarily based upon the type of product or service provided. We have three reportable segments: contract operations, aftermarket services and product
sales. The contract operations segment primarily provides natural gas compression services, production and processing equipment services and maintenance services to meet specific customer requirements
on assets owned by us. The aftermarket services segment provides a full range of services to support the surface production, compression and processing needs of customers, from parts sales and normal
maintenance services to full operation of a customer's owned assets. The product sales segment provides (i) design, engineering, fabrication, installation and sale of natural gas compression
units and accessories and equipment used in the production, treating and processing of crude oil and natural gas and (ii) engineering, procurement and fabrication services related to the
manufacturing of critical process equipment for refinery and petrochemical facilities, the fabrication of tank farms and evaporators and brine heaters for desalination plants. 

 F-33 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

18. Reportable Segments and Geographic Information (Continued) 

 We
evaluate the performance of our segments based on gross margin for each segment. Revenue includes sales to external customers and affiliates. We do not include intersegment sales when
we evaluate our segments' performance. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2014, Exterran Holdings accounted for approximately 11% of our total revenue. See Note 14 for further discussion on transactions with
affiliates. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of our combined revenues in 2014. During each of the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, no individual customer accounted for more
than 10% of our combined revenues. 

 The
following table presents sales and other financial information by reportable segment during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 (in thousands): 

 Contract 
Operations 
 
 Aftermarket 
Services 
 
 Product Sales 
 
 Reportable 
Segments 
Total 
 
 Other(1) 
 
 Total(2) 

 2014: 

 Revenue 

$ 
 493,853 

$ 
 162,724 

$ 
 1,516,177 

$ 
 2,172,754 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 2,172,754 

 Gross margin(3) 

 308,445 

 42,543 

 245,881 

 596,869 

 &#151; 

 596,869 

 Total assets 

 811,831 

 37,200 

 466,182 

 1,315,213 

 717,142 

 2,032,355 

 Capital expenditures 

 130,248 

 1,095 

 22,668 

 154,011 

 3,843 

 157,854 

 2013: 

 Revenue 

$ 
 476,016 

$ 
 160,672 

$ 
 1,778,785 

$ 
 2,415,473 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 2,415,473 

 Gross margin(3) 

 279,072 

 40,328 

 264,116 

 583,516 

 &#151; 

 583,516 

 Total assets 

 820,686 

 33,974 

 490,625 

 1,345,285 

 653,835 

 1,999,120 

 Capital expenditures 

 66,116 

 1,147 

 27,032 

 94,295 

 5,900 

 100,195 

 2012: 

 Revenue 

$ 
 463,957 

$ 
 145,048 

$ 
 1,459,719 

$ 
 2,068,724 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 2,068,724 

 Gross margin(3) 

 279,349 

 37,190 

 168,067 

 484,606 

 &#151; 

 484,606 

 Total assets 

 917,603 

 38,143 

 477,886 

 1,433,632 

 678,124 

 2,111,756 

 Capital expenditures 

 138,694 

 1,155 

 23,518 

 163,367 

 1,423 

 164,790 

 (1) Includes
corporate related items.
 (2) Totals
exclude assets, capital expenditures and the operating results of discontinued operations.
 (3) Gross
margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, is reconciled, in total, to net income (loss), its most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in
accordance with U.S. GAAP, below. 
 
 F-34 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

18. Reportable Segments and Geographic Information (Continued) 

 The
following table presents assets from reportable segments to total assets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 (in thousands): 

 December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 

 Assets from reportable segments 

$ 
 1,315,213 

$ 
 1,345,285 

 Other assets(1) 

 717,142 

 653,835 

 Assets associated with discontinued operations 

 468 

 91 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Combined assets 

$ 
 2,032,823 

$ 
 1,999,211 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (1) Includes
corporate related items. 
 
 The
following tables present geographic data as of and during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 (in thousands): 

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

 Revenue: 

 U.S. 

$ 
 1,051,824 

$ 
 1,166,494 

$ 
 1,085,191 

 International 

 1,120,930 

 1,248,979 

 983,533 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Combined 

$ 
 2,172,754 

$ 
 2,415,473 

$ 
 2,068,724 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

 Property, plant and equipment, net: 

 U.S. 

$ 
 87,093 

$ 
 90,915 

$ 
 71,577 

 Argentina. 

 246,410 

 249,798 

 249,939 

 Brazil. 

 119,795 

 122,620 

 122,408 

 Mexico. 

 240,729 

 216,532 

 247,384 

 Other international 

 260,784 

 285,331 

 340,620 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Combined 

$ 
 954,811 

$ 
 965,196 

$ 
 1,031,928 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 We
define gross margin as total revenue less cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense). Gross margin is included as a supplemental disclosure because it is a
primary measure used by our management to evaluate the results of revenue and cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense), which are key components of our operations. As an
indicator of our operating performance, gross margin should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income (loss) as determined in accordance with GAAP. Our gross margin may
not be comparable to a similarly titled measure of another company because other entities may not calculate gross margin in the same manner. 

 F-35 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

18. Reportable Segments and Geographic Information (Continued) 

 The
following table reconciles net income to gross margin (in thousands): 

 Years Ended December 31, 

 2014 
 
 2013 
 
 2012 

 Net income 

$ 
 152,513 

$ 
 152,853 

$ 
 119,350 

 Selling, general and administrative 

 267,493 

 264,890 

 269,812 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 173,803 

 140,029 

 167,499 

 Long-lived asset impairment 

 3,851 

 11,941 

 5,197 

 Restructuring charges 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 3,892 

 Interest expense 

 1,905 

 3,551 

 5,318 

 Equity in income of non-consolidated affiliates 

 (14,553 
 ) 
 
 (19,000 
 ) 
 
 (51,483 
 ) 

 Other (income) expense, net 

 7,222 

 (1,966 
 ) 
 
 5,638 

 Provision for income taxes 

 77,833 

 97,367 

 26,226 

 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

 (73,198 
 ) 
 
 (66,149 
 ) 
 
 (66,843 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Gross margin 

$ 
 596,869 

$ 
 583,516 

$ 
 484,606 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-36 

 Table of Contents 

 INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

 SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS (In thousands) 

 Description

 Balance 
at Beginning 
of Period 
 
 Charged 
to Costs and 
Expenses 
 
 Deductions 
 
 Balance 
at End of 
Period 

 Allowance for doubtful accounts deducted from accounts receivable in the combined balance sheets 

 December 31, 2014 

$ 
 7,381 

$ 
 641 

$ 
 5,889 
 (1) 

$ 
 2,133 

 December 31, 2013 

 12,073 

 2,317 

 7,009 

 7,381 

 December 31, 2012 

 4,786 

 7,642 

 355 

 12,073 

 Allowance for obsolete and slow moving inventory deducted from inventories in the combined balance sheets 

 December 31, 2014 

$ 
 8,231 

$ 
 3,186 

$ 
 2,757 
 (2) 

$ 
 8,660 

 December 31, 2013 

 7,629 

 631 

 29 
 (2) 
 
 8,231 

 December 31, 2012 

 8,630 

 626 

 1,627 
 (2) 
 
 7,629 

 Allowance for deferred tax assets not expected to be realized 

 December 31, 2014 

$ 
 101,785 

$ 
 30,944 

$ 
 27,590 
 (3) 

$ 
 105,139 

 December 31, 2013 

 84,113 

 31,978 

 14,306 
 (3) 
 
 101,785 

 December 31, 2012 

 74,105 

 29,132 

 19,124 
 (3) 
 
 84,113 

 (1) Uncollectible
accounts written off.
 (2) Obsolete
inventory written off at cost, net of value received.
 (3) Reflects
expected realization of deferred tax assets and amounts credited to other accounts for stock-based compensation excess tax benefits, expiring net
operating losses, changes in tax rates and changes in currency exchange rates. 
 
 F-37 

 Table of Contents 

 INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF 
EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEETS 
(In thousands) 
(Unaudited) 

 Transfer to Archrock 
Pro Forma 
March 31, 2015 
 
 March 31, 
2015 
 
 December 31, 
2014 

 ASSETS 

 Current assets: 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

$ 

$ 
 51,450 

$ 
 39,361 

 Restricted cash 

 1,490 

 1,490 

 Accounts receivable, net of allowance of $2,232 and $2,133, respectively 

 365,592 

 398,070 

 Inventory, net 

 316,913 

 291,240 

 Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts 

 122,407 

 120,938 

 Current deferred income taxes 

 48,595 

 48,890 

 Other current assets 

 67,316 

 53,977 

 Current assets associated with discontinued operations 

 453 

 468 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total current assets 

 974,216 

 954,434 

 Property, plant and equipment, net 

 942,565 

 954,811 

 Intangible and other assets, net 

 109,073 

 123,578 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets 

$ 

$ 
 2,025,854 

$ 
 2,032,823 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

 Current liabilities: 

 Accounts payable, trade 

$ 

$ 
 141,274 

$ 
 161,826 

 Accrued liabilities 

 139,032 

 168,577 

 Deferred revenue 

 58,253 

 64,820 

 Billings on uncompleted contracts in excess of costs and estimated earnings 

 90,237 

 76,277 

 Current liabilities associated with discontinued operations 

 1,114 

 1,338 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total current liabilities 

 429,910 

 472,838 

 Long-term debt 

 994 

 1,107 

 Deferred income taxes 

 34,852 

 38,180 

 Long-term deferred revenue 

 43,953 

 41,591 

 Other long-term liabilities 

 26,442 

 26,968 

 Long-term liabilities associated with discontinued operations 

 340 

 317 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities 

 536,491 

 581,001 

 Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 

 Equity: 

 Parent equity 

 1,482,949 

 1,435,046 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income 

 6,414 

 16,776 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total equity 

 1,489,363 

 1,451,822 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities and equity 

$ 

$ 
 2,025,854 

$ 
 2,032,823 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed combined financial statements. 

 F-38 

 Table of Contents 

 INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF 
EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
(In thousands) 
(Unaudited) 

 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Revenues: 

 Contract operations 

$ 
 120,691 

$ 
 111,040 

 Aftermarket services 

 36,244 

 34,833 

 Product sales&#151;third parties 

 319,274 

 286,597 

 Product sales&#151;affiliates 

 55,838 

 40,662 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 532,047 

 473,132 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Costs and expenses: 

 Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense): 

 Contract operations 

 44,339 

 41,032 

 Aftermarket services 

 25,157 

 25,015 

 Product sales 

 318,486 

 265,919 

 Selling, general and administrative 

 58,566 

 64,656 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 38,795 

 36,166 

 Long-lived asset impairment 

 4,579 

 &#151; 

 Interest expense 

 507 

 484 

 Equity in income of non-consolidated affiliates 

 (5,006 
 ) 
 
 (4,693 
 ) 

 Other (income) expense, net 

 8,391 

 (2,198 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 493,814 

 426,381 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income before income taxes 

 38,233 

 46,751 

 Provision for income taxes 

 19,384 

 22,405 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income from continuing operations 

 18,849 

 24,346 

 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

 18,743 

 18,683 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net income 

$ 
 37,592 

$ 
 43,029 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed combined financial statements. 

 F-39 

 Table of Contents 

 INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF 
EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
(In thousands) 
(Unaudited) 

 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Net income 

$ 
 37,592 

$ 
 43,029 

 Other comprehensive income: 

 Foreign currency translation adjustment 

 (10,362 
 ) 
 
 1,134 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Comprehensive income 

$ 
 27,230 

$ 
 44,163 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed combined financial statements. 

 F-40 

 Table of Contents 

 INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
(In thousands) 
(Unaudited) 

 Parent 
Equity 
 
 Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income 
 
 Total 
Equity 

 Balance, January 1, 2014 

$ 
 1,342,480 

$ 
 31,424 

$ 
 1,373,904 

 Net income 

 43,029 

 43,029 

 Net contributions from parent 

 37,791 

 37,791 

 Foreign currency translation adjustment 

 1,134 

 1,134 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance, March 31, 2014 

$ 
 1,423,300 

$ 
 32,558 

$ 
 1,455,858 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance, January 1, 2015 

$ 
 1,435,046 

$ 
 16,776 

$ 
 1,451,822 

 Net income 

 37,592 

 37,592 

 Net contributions from parent 

 10,311 

 10,311 

 Foreign currency translation adjustment 

 (10,362 
 ) 
 
 (10,362 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Balance, March 31, 2015 

$ 
 1,482,949 

$ 
 6,414 

$ 
 1,489,363 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed combined financial statements. 

 F-41 

 Table of Contents 

 INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(In thousands) 
(Unaudited) 

 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Cash flows from operating activities: 

 Net income 

$ 
 37,592 

$ 
 43,029 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 38,795 

 36,166 

 Long-lived asset impairment 

 4,579 

 &#151; 

 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

 (18,743 
 ) 
 
 (18,683 
 ) 

 Provision for doubtful accounts 

 324 

 750 

 Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment 

 (130 
 ) 
 
 (684 
 ) 

 Equity in income of non-consolidated affiliates 

 (5,006 
 ) 
 
 (4,693 
 ) 

 (Gain) loss on remeasurement of intercompany balances 

 7,508 

 (81 
 ) 

 Capital contribution by parent&#151;stock-based compensation expense 

 2,015 

 2,740 

 Deferred income tax provision 

 3,532 

 4,573 

 Changes in assets and liabilities: 

 Accounts receivable and notes 

 28,369 

 35,950 

 Inventory 

 (26,388 
 ) 
 
 (20,332 
 ) 

 Costs and estimated earnings versus billings on uncompleted contracts 

 12,304 

 (44,336 
 ) 

 Other current assets 

 (15,883 
 ) 
 
 (4,202 
 ) 

 Accounts payable and other liabilities 

 (40,480 
 ) 
 
 (18,938 
 ) 

 Deferred revenue 

 (3,571 
 ) 
 
 (14,970 
 ) 

 Other 

 (2,738 
 ) 
 
 (2,526 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net cash provided by (used in) continuing operations 

 22,079 

 (6,237 
 ) 

 Net cash provided by discontinued operations 

 2,240 

 1,150 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

 24,319 

 (5,087 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Cash flows from investing activities: 

 Capital expenditures 

 (40,549 
 ) 
 
 (26,441 
 ) 

 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 

 3,600 

 7,992 

 Return of investments in non-consolidated affiliates 

 5,006 

 4,890 

 Cash invested in non-consolidated affiliates 

 &#151; 

 (197 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net cash used in continuing operations 

 (31,943 
 ) 
 
 (13,756 
 ) 

 Net cash provided by discontinued operations 

 16,530 

 16,558 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

 (15,413 
 ) 
 
 2,802 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Cash flows from financing activities: 

 Net contributions from parent 

 3,414 

 32,509 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net cash provided by financing activities 

 3,414 

 32,509 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

 (231 
 ) 
 
 (4,409 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

 12,089 

 25,815 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

 39,361 

 35,194 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

$ 
 51,450 

$ 
 61,009 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed combined financial statements. 

 F-42 

 Table of Contents 

 INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC.

NOTES TO CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. Spin-off, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 

Spin-off 

 On November 17, 2014, Exterran Holdings, Inc. (along with its subsidiaries "Exterran Holdings") announced that its board of
directors had unanimously approved pursuing a plan to separate (the "spin-off") its international contract operations, international aftermarket services (the international contract operations and
international aftermarket services businesses combined are referred to as the "international services businesses" and include such activities conducted outside of the United States of America
("U.S.")) and global fabrication business into an independent, publicly traded company ("Exterran Corporation," previously named Exterran SpinCo, Inc. prior to May 18, 2015). We refer to the global
fabrication business currently operated by Exterran Holdings as our product sales business. In connection with the spin-off, Exterran Holdings will change its name to "Archrock, Inc.," or Archrock.
This spin-off is expected to be completed in accordance with a separation and distribution agreement between Archrock and Exterran Corporation. To effect the
spin-off, Exterran Holdings intends to distribute, on a pro rata basis, all of the shares of Exterran Corporation common stock to the Exterran Holdings stockholders as of the record date for the
spin-off. The spin-off is subject to market conditions, the receipt of an opinion of counsel as to the tax treatment of the transaction, completion of a review by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission of this Form 10, the execution of separation and intercompany agreements and final approval of the Exterran Holdings board of directors. The spin-off will not be subject to a
shareholder vote. Upon completion of the spin-off, Archrock and Exterran Corporation will each be independent, publicly traded companies and will have separate public ownership, boards of directors
and management.

Basis of Presentation 

 These condensed combined financial statements were prepared in connection with the expected spin-off and are derived from the
accounting records of Exterran Holdings. These statements reflect the condensed combined historical results of operations, financial position and cash flows of Exterran Holdings' international
services and global product sales businesses in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ("GAAP"). Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in
financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP are not required in these interim financial statements and have been condensed or omitted. Management believes that the information furnished
includes all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, that are necessary to present fairly our combined financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods
indicated. The accompanying unaudited condensed combined financial statements should be read in conjunction with the annual combined financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2014.
The interim results reported herein are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year. These condensed combined financial statements are presented as if such businesses had been combined for
all periods presented. All intercompany transactions and accounts within these condensed combined financial statements have been eliminated. All affiliate transactions between the international
services and global product sales businesses of Exterran Holdings, Inc. and the other businesses of Exterran Holdings have been included in these condensed combined financial statements. See
Note 8 for further discussion on transactions with affiliates.

 The condensed combined financial statements include certain assets and liabilities that have historically been held at the Exterran Holdings level but are specifically identifiable or
otherwise attributable to us. The assets and liabilities in the condensed combined financial statements have been

 F-43 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF 
EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC.

 NOTES TO CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

1. Spin-off, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

reflected on a historical cost basis, as immediately prior to the spin-off all of the assets and liabilities of Exterran Corporation are wholly owned by Exterran Holdings. Third party debt, other than
debt attributable to capital leases, of Exterran Holdings were not allocated to us for any of the periods
presented as we are not the legal obligor of the debt and Exterran Holdings' borrowings were not directly attributable to our business. The condensed combined statement of operations also includes
expense allocations for certain functions historically performed by Exterran Holdings and not allocated to its operating segments, including allocations of expenses related to executive oversight,
accounting, treasury, tax, legal, procurement and information technology. See Note 8 for further discussion regarding the allocation of corporate expenses.

 Investments
in affiliated entities in which we own more than a 20% interest and do not have a controlling interest are accounted for using the equity method. 

 In connection with the spin-off, we expect to incur approximately $ million in indebtedness in the form of newly issued debt
securities and the entry into a new
credit facility and other financing arrangements. At or prior to the spin-off, we intend to transfer $ million to Exterran Holdings. The accompanying unaudited pro forma
balance
sheet as of March 31, 2015 gives effect to the $ million of cash expected to be transferred to Exterran Holdings.

Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

 Components of comprehensive income are net income and all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from transactions
with owners. Our accumulated other comprehensive income consists of foreign currency translation adjustments. 

 The
following table presents the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income by component, net of tax, during the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2015 (in thousands): 

 Foreign Currency 
Translation Adjustment 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income, January 1, 2014 

$ 
 31,424 

 Income recognized in other comprehensive income 

 1,134 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income, March 31, 2014 

$ 
 32,558 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income, January 1, 2015 

$ 
 16,776 

 Loss recognized in other comprehensive income 

 (10,362 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income, March 31, 2015 

$ 
 6,414 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

Financial Instruments 

 Our financial instruments consist of cash, restricted cash, receivables and payables. At March 31, 2015 and December 31,
2014, the estimated fair values of these financial instruments approximated their carrying amounts as reflected in our condensed combined balance sheets. See Note 6 for additional information
regarding the fair value hierarchy. 

 F-44 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF 
EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC.

 NOTES TO CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2. Discontinued Operations 

 In August 2012, our Venezuelan subsidiary sold its previously nationalized assets to PDVSA Gas, S.A. ("PDVSA Gas") for a purchase price of approximately $441.7 million. We
received installment payments, including an annual charge, totaling $18.7 million and $17.8 million during the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The
remaining principal amount due to us of approximately $99 million as of March 31, 2015, is payable in quarterly cash installments through the third quarter of 2016. We have not
recognized amounts payable to us by PDVSA Gas as a receivable and will therefore recognize quarterly payments received in the future as income from discontinued operations in the periods such payments
are received. The proceeds from the sale of the assets are not subject to Venezuelan national taxes due to an exemption allowed under the Venezuelan Reserve Law
applicable to expropriation settlements. In addition, and in connection with the sale, we and the Venezuelan government agreed to waive rights to assert certain claims against each other. 

 In
connection with the sale of these assets, we have agreed to suspend the arbitration proceeding previously filed by our Spanish subsidiary against Venezuela pending payment in full by
PDVSA Gas of the purchase price for these nationalized assets. 

 The
following table summarizes the operating results of discontinued operations (in thousands): 

 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Revenue 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

 Expenses and selling, general and administrative 

 84 

 124 

 Recovery attributable to expropriation 

 (16,506 
 ) 
 
 (16,421 
 ) 

 Other income, net 

 (2,321 
 ) 
 
 (2,386 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

$ 
 18,743 

$ 
 18,683 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 The
following table summarizes the balance sheet data for discontinued operations (in thousands): 

 March 31, 
2015 
 
 December 31, 
2014 

 Cash 

$ 
 408 

$ 
 431 

 Accounts receivable 

 2 

 2 

 Other current assets 

 43 

 35 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total current assets associated with discontinued operations 

 453 

 468 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total assets associated with discontinued operations 

$ 
 453 

$ 
 468 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Accounts payable 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 214 

 Accrued liabilities 

 1,114 

 1,124 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total current liabilities associated with discontinued operations 

 1,114 

 1,338 

 Other long-term liabilities 

 340 

 317 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Total liabilities associated with discontinued operations 

$ 
 1,454 

$ 
 1,655 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 F-45 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF 
EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC.

 NOTES TO CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

3. Inventory, net 

 Inventory, net of reserves, consisted of the following amounts (in thousands): 

 March 31, 
2015 
 
 December 31, 
2014 

 Parts and supplies 

$ 
 150,987 

$ 
 148,724 

 Work in progress 

 128,306 

 108,814 

 Finished goods 

 37,620 

 33,702 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Inventory, net 

$ 
 316,913 

$ 
 291,240 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 As
of March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, we had inventory reserves of $9.1 million and $8.7 million, respectively. 

4. Property, Plant and Equipment, net 

 Property, plant and equipment, net, consisted of the following (in thousands): 

 March 31, 
2015 
 
 December 31, 
2014 

 Compression equipment, facilities and other fleet assets 

$ 
 1,524,023 

$ 
 1,514,982 

 Land and buildings 

 151,339 

 154,866 

 Transportation and shop equipment 

 188,872 

 194,032 

 Other 

 112,473 

 112,732 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 1,976,707 

 1,976,612 

 Accumulated depreciation 

 (1,034,142 
 ) 
 
 (1,021,801 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Property, plant and equipment, net 

$ 
 942,565 

$ 
 954,811 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

5. Investments in Non-Consolidated Affiliates 

 Investments in affiliates that are not controlled by us where we have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operations are accounted for using the equity method. 

 We
own a 30.0% interest in WilPro Energy Services (PIGAP II) Limited and 33.3% interest in WilPro Energy Services (El Furrial) Limited which are joint ventures that
provided natural gas compression and injection services in Venezuela. In May 2009, Petroleos de Venezuela S.A. ("PDVSA") assumed control over the assets of our Venezuelan joint ventures and
transitioned the operations, including the hiring of their employees, to PDVSA. In March 2011, our Venezuelan joint ventures, together with the Netherlands' parent company of our joint venture
partners, filed a request for the institution of an
arbitration proceeding against Venezuela with the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes related to the seized assets and investments. 

 In
March 2012, our Venezuelan joint ventures sold their assets to PDVSA Gas. We received installment payments, including an annual charge, totaling $5.0 million and
$4.9 million during the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The remaining principal amount due to us of approximately $22 million as of March 31,
2015, is payable in quarterly cash installments through the first quarter of 2016. We have not recognized amounts payable to us by PDVSA Gas as a receivable 

 F-46 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF 
EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC.

 NOTES TO CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

5. Investments in Non-Consolidated Affiliates (Continued) 

 and
will therefore recognize quarterly payments received in the future as equity in (income) loss of non-consolidated affiliates in our combined statements of operations in the periods such payments
are received. In connection with the sale of our Venezuelan joint ventures' assets, the joint ventures and our joint venture partners have agreed to suspend their previously filed arbitration
proceeding against Venezuela pending payment in full by PDVSA Gas of the purchase price for the assets. 

6. Fair Value Measurements 

 The accounting standard for fair value measurements and disclosures establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into
the following three broad categories. 

 &#149; Level 1 &#151;Quoted unadjusted prices for identical instruments in
active markets to which we have access at the date of measurement. 
 &#149; Level 2 &#151;Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets;
quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active
markets. Level 2 inputs are those in markets for which there are few transactions, the prices are not current, little public information exists or prices vary substantially over time or among
brokered market makers. 
 &#149; Level 3 &#151;Model derived valuations in which one or more significant
inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. Unobservable inputs are those inputs that reflect our own assumptions regarding how market participants would price the asset or liability based
on the best available information. 

 The
following table presents our assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, with pricing levels
as of the date of valuation (in thousands): 

 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 2015 
 
 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 2014 

 (Level 1) 
 
 (Level 2) 
 
 (Level 3) 
 
 (Level 1) 
 
 (Level 2) 
 
 (Level 3) 

 Impaired long-lived assets 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

$ 
 &#151; 

 Long-term receivable from the sale of our Canadian Operations 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 5,100 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Our
estimate of the impaired long-lived assets' fair value was primarily based on the estimated component value of the equipment we plan to use. In April 2015, we accepted an offer to
early settle the outstanding note receivable due to us relating to the previous sale of our Canadian contract operations and aftermarket services businesses for $5.1 million. 

7. Long-Lived Asset Impairment 

 We review long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and identifiable intangibles that are being amortized, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances,
including the removal of compressor units from our active fleet, indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 

 F-47 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF 
EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC.

 NOTES TO CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

7. Long-Lived Asset Impairment (Continued) 

 During the three months ended March 31, 2015, we reviewed the future deployment of our idle compression assets used in our contract operations segment for units that were not of
the type, configuration, condition, make or model that are cost efficient to maintain and operate. Based on this review, we determined that six idle compression units totaling approximately 7,000
horsepower would be retired from the active fleet. The retirement of these units from the active fleet triggered a review of these assets for impairment. As a result, we recorded a $3.2 million
asset impairment to reduce the book value of each unit to its estimated fair value. The fair value of each unit was estimated based on the estimated component value of the equipment on each compressor
unit that we plan to utilize.

 During the three months ended March 31, 2015, we evaluated a long-term note receivable from the purchaser of our Canadian Operations for impairment. This review was triggered by
an offer from the purchaser of our Canadian Operations to prepay the note receivable at a discount to its current book value. The fair value of the note receivable as of March 31, 2015 was
based on the amount offered by the purchaser of our Canadian Operations to prepay the note receivable. The difference between the book value of the note receivable at March 31, 2015 and its
fair value resulted in the recording of an impairment of long-lived assets of $1.4 million. In April 2015, we accepted the offer to early settle this note receivable.

8. Related Party Transactions and Parent Equity 

Transactions with Affiliates 

 All intercompany transactions and accounts within these condensed combined financial statements have been eliminated. All affiliate
transactions between the international services and global product sales business of Archrock, Inc. and the other businesses of Archrock have been included in these condensed combined financial
statements. Sales of newly-fabricated compression equipment from the product sales businesses of Exterran Holdings, owned by Exterran Energy Solutions, L.P. ("EESLP"), to Exterran Partners, L.P.
("Exterran Partners") are used in the U.S. services business of Exterran Holdings and are made pursuant to an omnibus agreement between the parties and other affiliates of both entities. Per the
omnibus agreement, revenue is determined by the cost to fabricate such equipment plus a fixed margin. During the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, we recorded revenue of
$55.8 million and $40.7 million, respectively, and cost of sales of $51.3 million and $36.7 million, respectively, from the sale of newly-fabricated compression equipment
to Exterran Partners.

 Prior to the spin-off transaction closing, EESLP also has a fleet of compression units that it uses to provide compression services in the U.S. services business of Exterran Holdings.
Revenue has not been recognized in the condensed combined statements of operations for the sale of compressor units by us that are used by EESLP to provide compression services to customers of the
U.S. services business of Exterran Holdings. The cost of these units are treated as a reduction of parent equity in the condensed combined balance sheets and a distribution to parent in the condensed
combined statements of cash flows and totaled $16.5 million and $15.9 million during the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

 F-48 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF 
EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC.

 NOTES TO CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

8. Related Party Transactions and Parent Equity (Continued) 

Allocation of Expenses 

 The condensed combined statement of operations also includes expense allocations for certain functions performed by Exterran Holdings
which have not been historically allocated to its operating segments, including allocations of expenses related to executive oversight, accounting, treasury, tax, legal, procurement and information
technology. Included in our selling, general and administrative expense during the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 were $14.9 million and $16.3 million, respectively,
of corporate expenses incurred by Exterran Holdings. These costs were allocated to us systematically based on specific department function and revenue. Management believes the assumptions underlying
the condensed combined financial statements, including the assumptions regarding allocating expenses from Exterran Holdings, are reasonable. Nevertheless, the condensed combined financial statements
may not include all of the actual expenses that would have been incurred had we been a stand-alone public company during the periods presented and may not reflect our combined results of operations,
financial position and cash flows had we been a stand-alone public company during the periods presented. Actual costs that would have been incurred if we had been a stand-alone public company would
depend on multiple factors, including organizational structure and strategic decisions made in various areas, including information technology and infrastructure.

Cash Management 

 EESLP provides centralized treasury functions for Exterran Holdings' U.S. operations, whereby, EESLP regularly transfers cash both to
and from U.S. subsidiaries of Exterran Holdings, as necessary. In conjunction therewith, the intercompany transactions between our U.S. subsidiaries and the other U.S. subsidiaries of Exterran
Holdings' have been considered to be effectively settled in cash in these condensed combined financial statements. Intercompany receivables/payables from/to related parties arising from transactions
with affiliates and expenses allocated from Exterran Holdings described above have been included in net contributions from parent in the condensed combined financial statements.

Net Contributions from Parent 

 Parent equity, which includes retained earnings, represents Exterran Holdings' interest in our recorded net assets. All transactions
between us and Exterran Holdings have been identified in the accompanying condensed combined statements of changes in equity as net contributions from parent. A reconciliation of net contributions
from parent in the condensed combined statements of changes in

 F-49 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF 
EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC.

 NOTES TO CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

8. Related Party Transactions and Parent Equity (Continued) 

equity to the corresponding amount presented on the condensed combined statements of cash flows for all periods presented is as follows (in thousands):

 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Net contributions from parent per condensed combined statements of changes in equity 

$ 
 10,311 

$ 
 37,791 

 Capital contribution by parent&#151;stock-based compensation expense 

 (2,015 
 ) 
 
 (2,740 
 ) 

 Capital contribution by parent&#151;stock-based compensation excess tax benefit 

 764 

 1,759 

 Net transfers of property, plant and equipment from parent 

 (5,646 
 ) 
 
 (4,301 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Net contributions from parent per condensed combined statements of cash flows 

$ 
 3,414 

$ 
 32,509 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

9. Stock-Based Compensation 

 Exterran Holdings maintains stock-based compensation plans described below. The below disclosures only relate to stock-based compensation provided to employees that are directly involved
in our operations. The below disclosure excludes stock-based compensation awards made to employees that are indirectly involved in our operations but whose cost have been allocated to us.

Stock Incentive Plan 

 In April 2013, Exterran Holdings adopted the Exterran Holdings, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (the "2013 Plan") to provide for the
granting of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance units, other stock-based awards and dividend equivalent rights to employees, directors and
consultants of Exterran Holdings. Upon effectiveness of the 2013 Plan, no additional grants may be made under the Exterran Holdings, Inc. 2007 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (the "2007
Plan") and the Exterran Holdings, Inc. 2011 Employment Inducement Long-Term Equity Plan (the "Employment Inducement Plan"). Previous grants made under the 2007 Plan and the Employment Inducement Plan
will continue to be governed by their respective plans.

Stock Options 

 Stock options are granted at fair market value at the grant date, are exercisable according to the vesting schedule established by the
compensation committee of Exterran Holdings' board of directors in its sole discretion and expire no later than seven years after the grant date. Stock options generally vest one-third per year on
each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date.

 F-50 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF 
EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC.

 NOTES TO CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

9. Stock-Based Compensation (Continued) 

 The
following table presents stock option activity with employees directly involved in our operations during the three months ended March 31, 2015: 

 Stock 
Options 
(in thousands) 
 
 Weighted 
Average 
Exercise Price 
Per Share 
 
 Weighted 
Average 
Remaining 
Life (in years) 
 
 Aggregate 
Intrinsic 
Value 
(in thousands) 

 Options outstanding, January 1, 2015 

 328 

$ 
 29.96 

 Granted 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Exercised 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Cancelled 

 (40 
 ) 
 
 67.30 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Options outstanding, March 31, 2015 

 288 

 24.77 

 3.1 

$ 
 3,141 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Options exercisable, March 31, 2015 

 250 

 23.63 

 2.8 

 3,002 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Intrinsic value is the difference between the market value of Exterran Holdings stock and the exercise price of each stock option multiplied by the number of stock options outstanding
for those stock options where the market value exceeds their exercise price. As of March 31, 2015, we expect
$0.4 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options issued to employees directly involved in our operations to be recognized over the weighted-average period of
1.6 years.

Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units, Cash Settled Restricted Stock
Units and Cash Settled Performance Units 

 For grants of restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance units, we recognize compensation expense over the vesting period
equal to the fair value of our common stock at the grant date. We remeasure the fair value of cash settled restricted stock units and cash settled performance units and record a cumulative adjustment
of the expense previously recognized. Our obligation related to the cash settled restricted stock units and cash settled performance units is reflected as a liability in our condensed combined balance
sheets. Grants of restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units, cash settled restricted stock units and cash settled performance units generally vest one-third per year on each of the
first three anniversaries of the grant date. 

 F-51 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF 
EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC.

 NOTES TO CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

9. Stock-Based Compensation (Continued) 

 The
following table presents restricted stock, restricted stock unit, performance unit, cash settled restricted stock unit and cash settled performance unit activity with employees
directly involved in our operations during the three months ended March 31, 2015: 

 Shares 
(in thousands) 
 
 Weighted 
Average 
Grant-Date 
Fair Value 
Per Share 

 Non-vested awards, January 1, 2015 

 389 

$ 
 27.25 

 Granted 

 235 

 31.99 

 Vested 

 (226 
 ) 
 
 23.10 

 Cancelled 

 (5 
 ) 
 
 32.51 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 Non-vested awards, March 31, 2015(1) 

 393 

 32.40 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 (1) Non-vested
awards as of March 31, 2015 are comprised of 13,000 cash settled restricted stock units and cash settled performance units and 380,000
restricted shares, restricted stock units and performance units. 
 
 As
of March 31, 2015, we expect $11.9 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units, cash
settled restricted stock units and cash settled performance units issued to employees directly involved in our operations to be recognized over the weighted-average period of 2.4 years. 

10. Commitments and Contingencies 

Guarantees 

 Borrowings under Exterran Holdings' $900.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility due in July 2016 (the "Exterran
Holdings Credit Facility") are guaranteed by certain of our and Exterran Holdings' domestic subsidiaries. Our guarantees of borrowings under the Exterran Holdings Credit Facility are secured by
substantially all of the personal property assets and certain real property assets of our Significant Domestic Subsidiaries (as defined in the credit agreement) and 65% of the equity interests in
certain of our first-tier foreign subsidiaries. As of
March 31, 2015, Exterran Holdings had $454.7 million in outstanding borrowings under the Exterran Holdings Credit Facility.

 All of our existing subsidiaries that guarantee indebtedness under the Exterran Holdings Credit Facility also guarantee Exterran Holdings' $350.0 million aggregate principal
amount of 7.25% senior notes due December 2018 (the "Exterran Holdings 7.25% Notes"). Our guarantees of the Exterran Holdings 7.25% Notes are on a senior unsecured basis, rank equally in right of
payment with all of Exterran Holdings' other senior obligations and are effectively subordinated to all of Exterran Holdings' existing and future secured debt to the extent of the value of the
collateral securing such indebtedness. As of March 31, 2015, Exterran Holdings had $350.0 million in outstanding borrowings under the Exterran Holdings 7.25% Notes. We are liable in the
event Exterran Holdings defaults in its payment obligations or fails to comply with the covenants under the debt agreements or upon the occurrence of specified events contained in the debt agreements,
including the event of bankruptcy or

 F-52 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF 
EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC.

 NOTES TO CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

10. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 

insolvency of Exterran Holdings. As of March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, no liabilities relating to such guarantees have been reflected in our condensed combined balance sheets. We
expect to be released from our obligations under such guarantees prior to or at the completion of the spin-off.

 In addition to our guarantees of indebtedness held by Exterran Holdings, we have issued the following guarantees that are not recorded on our accompanying combined balance sheets
(dollars in thousands):

 Term 
 
 Maximum Potential 
Undiscounted 
Payments as of 
March 31, 2015 

 Performance guarantees through letters of credit(1) 

 2015 - 2019 

$ 
 149,362 

 Standby letters of credit 

 2015 

 10,066 

 Commercial letters of credit 

 2015 

 3,426 

 Bid bonds and performance bonds(1) 

 2015 - 2023 

 77,664 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Maximum potential undiscounted payments(2) 

$ 
 240,518 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 (1) We
have issued guarantees to third parties to ensure performance of our obligations, some of which may be fulfilled by third parties.

 (2) $88.5 million
of the maximum potential undiscounted payments relate to letters of credit outstanding that were issued by us under the Exterran
Holdings Credit Facility.

 As
part of an acquisition in 2001, we may be required to make contingent payments of up to $46 million to the seller, depending on our realization of certain U.S. federal tax
benefits through the year 2015. To date, we have not realized any such benefits that would require a payment and we do not anticipate realizing any such benefits that would require a payment before
the year 2016. 

 See
Note 2 and Note 5 for a discussion of our gain contingencies related to assets that were expropriated in Venezuela. 

 In
addition to U.S. federal, state, local and foreign income taxes, we are subject to a number of taxes that are not income-based. As many of these taxes are subject to audit by the
taxing authorities, it is possible that an audit could result in additional taxes due. We accrue for such additional taxes when we determine that it is probable that we have incurred a liability and
we can reasonably estimate the amount of the liability. As of March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, we had accrued $1.4 million for the outcomes of non-income based tax audits. We
do not expect that the ultimate resolutions of these audits will result in a material variance from the amounts accrued. We do not accrue for unasserted claims for tax audits unless we believe the
assertion of a claim is probable, it is probable that it will be determined that the claim is owed and we can reasonably estimate the claim or range of the claim. We do not have any unasserted claims
from non-income based tax audits that we have determined are probable of assertion. We also believe the likelihood is remote that the impact of potential unasserted claims from non-income based tax
audits could be material to our condensed combined financial position, but it is possible that the resolution of future audits could be material to our results of operations or cash flows for the
period in which the resolution occurs. 

 F-53 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF 
EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC.

 NOTES TO CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

10. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 

 Our
business can be hazardous, involving unforeseen circumstances such as uncontrollable flows of natural gas or well fluids and fires or explosions. As is customary in our industry, we
review our safety equipment and procedures and carry insurance against some, but not all, risks of our business. Our insurance coverage includes property damage, general liability and commercial
automobile liability and other coverage we believe is appropriate. In addition, we have a minimal amount of insurance on our offshore assets. We believe that our insurance coverage is customary for
the industry and adequate for our business; however, losses and liabilities not covered by insurance would increase our costs. 

 Additionally,
we are substantially self-insured for workers' compensation and employee group health claims in view of the relatively high per-incident deductibles we absorb under our
insurance arrangements for these risks. Losses up to the deductible amounts are estimated and accrued based upon known facts, historical trends and industry averages. 

Litigation and Claims 

 In the ordinary course of business, we are also involved in various pending or threatened legal actions. While management is unable to
predict the ultimate outcome of these actions, it believes that any ultimate liability arising from any of these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our condensed combined financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. However, because of the inherent uncertainty of litigation and arbitration proceedings, we cannot provide assurance that the resolution of any particular
claim or proceeding to which we are a party will not have a material adverse effect on our condensed combined financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

11. Recent Accounting Developments 

 In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an update to the authoritative guidance on the presentation of debt issuance costs. The update requires an entity
to present such costs in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability rather than as an asset. Amortization of the costs will continue to be reported
as interest expense. The update will be effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The new guidance will be applied retrospectively to each
prior period presented. We will evaluate the impact of this update in subsequent periods as it becomes applicable to our combined financial statements. 

 In
May 2014, the FASB issued an update to the authoritative guidance related to revenue recognition. The update outlines a single comprehensive model for companies to use in accounting
for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity
should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those
goods or services. The update also requires disclosures enabling users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts
with customers. The update will be effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of the
update on our combined financial statements. 

 F-54 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF 
EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC.

 NOTES TO CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

12. Reportable Segments 

 We manage our business segments primarily based upon the type of product or service provided. We have three reportable segments: contract operations, aftermarket services and product
sales. The contract operations segment primarily provides natural gas compression services, production and processing equipment services and maintenance services to meet specific customer requirements
on assets owned by us. The aftermarket services segment provides a full range of services to support the surface production, compression and processing needs of customers, from parts sales and normal
maintenance services to full operation of a customer's owned assets. The product sales segment provides (i) design, engineering, fabrication, installation and sale of natural gas compression
units and accessories and equipment used in the production, treating and processing of crude oil and natural gas and (ii) engineering, procurement and fabrication services related to the
manufacturing of critical process equipment for refinery and petrochemical facilities, the fabrication of tank farms and evaporators and brine heaters for desalination plants. 

 We
evaluate the performance of our segments based on gross margin for each segment. Revenue includes sales to external customers and affiliates. We do not include intersegment sales when
we evaluate our segments' performance. 

 During the three months ended March 31, 2015, Exterran Holdings accounted for approximately 10% of our total revenue. See Note 8 for further discussion on transactions with
affiliates. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of our combined revenues during the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014.

 The
following table presents sales and other financial information by reportable segment during the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 (in thousands): 

 Three months ended

 Contract 
Operations 
 
 Aftermarket 
Services 
 
 Product 
Sales 
 
 Reportable 
Segments 
Total 

 March 31, 2015: 

 Revenue 

$ 
 120,691 

$ 
 36,244 

$ 
 375,112 

$ 
 532,047 

 Gross margin(1) 

 76,352 

 11,087 

 56,626 

 144,065 

 March 31, 2014: 

 Revenue 

$ 
 111,040 

$ 
 34,833 

$ 
 327,259 

$ 
 473,132 

 Gross margin(1) 

 70,008 

 9,818 

 61,340 

 141,166 

 (1) Gross
margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, is reconciled, in total, to net income (loss), its most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in
accordance with U.S. GAAP, below. 
 
 We
define gross margin as total revenue less cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense). Gross margin is included as a supplemental disclosure because it is a
primary measure used by our management to evaluate the results of revenue and cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization expense), which are key components of our operations. As an
indicator of our operating performance, gross margin should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income (loss) as determined in accordance with GAAP. Our gross margin may
not be comparable to a similarly titled measure of another company because other entities may not calculate gross margin in the same manner. 

 F-55 

 Table of Contents 

INTERNATIONAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL PRODUCT SALES BUSINESSES OF 
EXTERRAN HOLDINGS, INC.

 NOTES TO CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

12. Reportable Segments (Continued) 

 The
following table reconciles net income to gross margin (in thousands): 

 Three Months 
Ended March 31, 

 2015 
 
 2014 

 Net income 

$ 
 37,592 

$ 
 43,029 

 Selling, general and administrative 

 58,566 

 64,656 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 38,795 

 36,166 

 Long-lived asset impairment 

 4,579 

 &#151; 

 Interest expense 

 507 

 484 

 Equity in income of non-consolidated affiliates 

 (5,006 
 ) 
 
 (4,693 
 ) 

 Other (income) expense, net 

 8,391 

 (2,198 
 ) 

 Provision for income taxes 

 19,384 

 22,405 

 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

 (18,743 
 ) 
 
 (18,683 
 ) 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 Gross margin 

$ 
 144,065 

$ 
 141,166 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 

 &#8203; 
 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 
 &#8203;

 &#8203;

 &#8203; 

13. Subsequent Events

 There have been no subsequent events noted through June 18, 2015, the date the financial statements were issued, which require recognition or disclosure in the financial
statements.

 F-56 

