 
 8-K
 1
 a07-31930_18k.htm
 8-K

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 8-K 

 CURRENT REPORT 

 Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): December 20, 2007 

 MOLSON COORS BREWING COMPANY 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

 Delaware 

 1-14829 

 84-0178360 

 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

 (Commission File Number) 

 (IRS Employer
 Identification No.) 

 1225 17 th 
Street, Suite 3200, Denver, Colorado 80202 

1555 Notre Dame Street East, Montr&#233;al, Qu&#233;bec, Canada H2L 2R5 

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, Including Zip Code) 

 (303)
277-6661 / (514) 521-1786 

 (Registrant&#146;s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

 Not Applicable 

 (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) 

 Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the
filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

 o Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

 o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

 o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

 o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

 Item 1.01. Entry Into Material Definitive Agreement. 

 The Joint Venture
Agreement 

 On
December 20, 2007, Molson Coors Brewing Company, a Delaware corporation ( &#147;Molson Coors&#148; ), entered into a Joint
Venture Agreement (the &#147;Joint Venture
Agreement&#148; ) with Coors Brewing Company, a Colorado corporation and
subsidiary of Molson Coors ( &#147;Coors&#148; ),
SABMiller plc, a company formed under the laws of England and Wales ( &#147;SABMiller&#148; ), Miller Brewing Company, a
Wisconsin corporation and subsidiary of SABMiller ( &#147;Miller&#148; ), and MillerCoors LLC, a to-be-formed Delaware
limited liability company ( &#147;MillerCoors&#148; ),
for the purpose of combining the United States and Puerto Rico operations of
Coors and Miller into a joint venture as described below. 

 The Joint Venture Agreement sets forth the terms by which
the parties will contribute to MillerCoors substantially all of their U.S. and
Puerto Rico beer and related operations, assets and liabilities, including real
estate, packaging and, in the case of Molson Coors, its interests in its
canning and bottling joint ventures and an initial cash contribution of
approximately $ 50-60 million . In addition, Molson Coors and SABMiller will
contribute net liabilities in respect of pension and retiree medical
obligations, currently estimated to be $176 million and $505 million,
respectively. The parties have agreed to
a &#147;true-up adjustment&#148; if these estimated net liabilities are understated or overstated
when measured on the closing date of the transaction. In return for the contributions to MillerCoors, Molson
Coors will receive a 42% economic ownership interest and a 50% voting interest,
and SABMiller will receive a 58% economic ownership interest and a 50% voting
interest, in MillerCoors. The transfer of the business to
MillerCoors is expected to be tax-free to Molson Coors. 

 The water
usage and storage rights of Molson Coors in Colorado are excluded from the
transaction, but will be available without charge to MillerCoors in an amount
up to the lesser of (1) the water requirements of Molson Coors&#146; brewery in
Colorado or (2) the water usage and storage rights currently owned by
Molson Coors in Colorado. 

 In the Joint Venture Agreement, the parties make customary
representations and warranties. The
Joint Venture Agreement further requires that until the closing of the
transaction the parties must conduct their businesses in the ordinary course,
use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve the businesses which will be
transferred to MillerCoors and keep available their senior management. Certain transactions outside of the ordinary
course of business are prohibited prior to closing without the consent of the
other party, such as material mergers or acquisitions, dispositions of
property, new material contracts, material increases in employee compensation,
transfer or modification of intellectual property rights, changes to accounts
receivable or accounts payable procedures and related party transactions. 

 The Joint Venture Agreement requires Molson Coors and
SABMiller to indemnify MillerCoors for certain losses resulting from breaches
of their respective representations, warranties and covenants. Molson Coors and SABMiller have also agreed to
indemnify each other against their direct losses arising from any breach by the
other of certain representations and warranties. 

 2 

 The closing of the Joint Venture is subject to customary
conditions, including the receipt of U.S. antitrust clearance. On November 20, 2007, Molson Coors
announced that it and SABMiller had each received a request for additional
information from the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice
regarding the transaction. Certain
stockholders affiliated with members of the Coors and Molson families and
collectively owning a majority of the outstanding Molson Coors&#146; Class A
common and exchangeable shares have executed and delivered stockholder consents
approving the transaction, but Molson Coors does not expect that it will need
to rely on such consent in connection with the transaction and, in any event,
will not need any vote or consent from any other stockholders. 

 The foregoing description of the material terms of the
Joint Venture Agreement is qualified by reference to the Joint Venture
Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and
is incorporated by reference herein. 

 The MillerCoors LLC Operating
Agreement 

 In
connection with the closing of the transaction, Molson Coors, SABMiller,
Miller, and Coors will enter into the MillerCoors LLC Operating Agreement (the &#147;LLC
Operating Agreement&#148;). The LLC Operating
Agreement will be MillerCoors&#146; primary operating document and contains the
understandings and agreements of the parties regarding the governance and
operations of MillerCoors following the closing of the transaction. 

 Pursuant
to the LLC Operating Agreement, MillerCoors will have a Board of Directors
consisting of five Molson Coors-nominated directors and five
SABMiller-nominated directors. The
Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Board will be appointed alternatingly for
three-year terms by either of Molson Coors or SABMiller, with the first Chairman
of MillerCoors to be Peter H. Coors, the current Vice Chairman of Molson Coors,
and the first Vice Chairman of MillerCoors to be Graham Mackay, the current
Chief Executive Officer of SABMiller. 
The parties have agreed that Peter H. Coors will be reappointed as
Chairman of MillerCoors to a second and a third term, for a total of 9 years in
office. The Board will have standing
Audit, Compensation and Corporate Responsibility Committees, each comprised of
an equal number of directors nominated by Molson Coors and by SABMiller. 

 MillerCoors
will be managed day-to-day by a Chief Executive Officer. Leo Kiely, the current President and Chief
Executive Officer of Molson Coors, will be appointed as initial Chief Executive
Officer of MillerCoors for a term of two years, subject to automatic
renewal. SABMiller will appoint Tom
Long, the current Chief Executive Officer of Miller Brewing Company, as the
initial President-Chief Commercial Officer of MillerCoors, who is expected to
be the successor-CEO to Mr. Kiely. 
The LLC Operating Agreement will contain an enumerated list of approval
rights reserved solely for the Board, including approval of strategic,
operating, integration and synergy plans; material changes to brands; changes
to the name or headquarters location of MillerCoors; appointment and removal of
the CEO; mergers, acquisitions or dispositions; alteration of brand rights
including licensing, sales or royalties; and material agreements related to
intellectual property or trade secrets. 
SABMiller will have the right to shortlist the nominees for successor
CEOs of MillerCoors. 

 3 

 The
LLC Operating Agreement will prohibit Molson Coors and SABMiller from
transferring their interests in MillerCoors for five years, at which point
either party may sell all (but not less than all) of its interests, subject to
the other party&#146;s right of first refusal, or the parties may consider an
initial public offering of the MillerCoors equity. In the event of a change of control of Molson
Coors, SABMiller will have the right to convert its non-voting interests into
voting interests and add one additional director, resulting in SABMiller
obtaining governing control of MillerCoors. 
Molson Coors would retain certain minority approval rights in most
circumstances following a change of control of Molson Coors, including approval
of the annual operating plan. In the
event of a change of control of SABMiller, (1) Molson Coors will be
entitled to acquire from SABMiller such number of non-voting interests held by
SABMiller as would raise Molson Coors&#146; economic ownership to 50.0%, at a price
which represents fair market value, and (2) the right to shortlist the
nominees for successor CEOs of MillerCoors will shift from SABMiller to Molson
Coors (and Molson Coors will have the right to immediately replace the CEO). 

 Pursuant
to the LLC Operating Agreement, the parties will agree not to engage in the
manufacturing, marketing or sale of beer or beverages in the United States or
Puerto Rico, other than through MillerCoors or to solicit each other&#146;s
employees or MillerCoors&#146; employees. 
Molson Coors and SABMiller have also agreed that neither will seek to
acquire ownership or control of the other until ten years after closing of the
execution of the LLC Operating Agreement. 
The parties may terminate MillerCoors by mutual agreement or upon the
other&#146;s bankruptcy, insolvency or criminal indictment. 

 Cautionary Statement 

 The Joint Venture Agreement has been included to
provide investors with information regarding its terms. Except for its status as a contractual
document that establishes the legal relations among the parties thereto with
respect to the transactions described in this Form 8-K, the Joint Venture
Agreement is not intended to be a source of factual, business or operational
information about the parties. 

 The representations, covenants and agreements made by
the parties in the Joint Venture Agreement are made as of specific dates and
are qualified and limited. In addition,
certain of the contractual representations of the Joint Venture Agreement are
subject to a standard of materiality that may be different from what security
holders may view as material to their interests. Investors in Molson Coors&#146; securities are not
third-party beneficiaries under the Joint Venture Agreement and should not rely
on the representations and covenants or any descriptions thereof as
characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the parties or
any of their affiliates. 

 Item 8.01. Other Events. 

 A
copy of the joint press release announcing the execution of the Joint Venture
Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated
herein by reference. 

 4 

 Item 9.01 . Financial Statements and
Exhibits. 

 (d) Exhibits 

 Exhibit No. 

 Document 

 10.1 

 Joint Venture Agreement, dated as of
 December 20, 2007, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, Coors
 Brewing Company, SABMiller plc, Miller Brewing Company, and MillerCoors, LLC. 

 99.1 

 Joint Press Release dated December 21,
 2007. 

 5 

 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

 MOLSON COORS BREWING COMPANY 

 /s/ Samuel D. Walker 

 By: Samuel D. Walker 

 Its: Chief Legal Officer 

 Date: December 21, 2007 

 6 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 

 Exhibit No. 

 Description 

 10.1 

 Joint Venture Agreement, dated as of
 December 20, 2007, by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company, Coors
 Brewing Company, SABMiller plc, Miller Brewing Company, and MillerCoors, LLC. 

 99.1 

 Joint Press Release dated December 21,
 2007. 

 7 

