 
 8-K
 1
 form8-k_nov26.htm
 8-K - INOTERA-QIMONDA

 form8-k_nov26.htm 

 UNITED
STATES 
 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington,
D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM
8-K 
 
 CURRENT
REPORT 
 Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 November
26, 2008 
 Date of
Report (date of earliest event reported) 

 MICRON
 TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 (Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

 Delaware 

 1-10658 

 75-1618004 

 (State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

 (Commission
 File Number) 

 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

 8000
 South Federal Way 

 Boise,
 Idaho 83716-9632 

 (Address
 of principal executive offices) 

 (208)
 368-4000 

 (Registrant';s
 telephone number, including area code) 

 Check the
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): 
 
 o 
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR
230.425) 
 
 o 
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12) 
 
 o 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act
(17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 
 
 o 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act
(17 CFR 240.13e-4c)) 

 Second
Closing Under Inotera Share Purchase Agreement 
 
 On
October 14, 2008, Micron Technology, Inc. (";Micron";) filed a Form 8-K to report
that Micron and Micron Semiconductor, B.V. (";MNL";), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Micron, entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the ";Purchase Agreement";) on
October 11, 2008 with Qimonda AG (";Qimonda";) and Qimonda Holding B.V.
(collectively with Qimonda, the ";Sellers";) pursuant to which (i) in two separate
closings MNL would purchase 1,184,088,059 shares of common stock of Inotera
Memories, Inc. (";Inotera";) held by the Sellers (the ";Primary Shares";) and (ii)
Qimonda would sell 4,483,800 shares of Inotera held by Qimonda (the ";Secondary
Shares"; and collectively with the Primary Shares, the ";Shares";) on the Taiwan
Stock Exchange and remit the proceeds of such sale to MNL (the ";Share Purchase
Transactions";). 
 
 On
October 20, 2008, in the first closing of the Share Purchase Transactions (the
";First Closing";), MNL purchased 592,044,028 Primary Shares of Inotera pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement (the ";First Closing Shares";) for $200.0
million. 
 
 Micron is
filing this report on Form 8-K with respect to the second closing of the Share
Purchase Transactions (the ";Second Closing";) on November 26, 2008, pursuant to
which MNL purchased the remaining 592,044,031 Primary Shares of Inotera pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement (the ";Second Closing Shares";) for $200.0 million using
the proceeds of the NPC Loan (as defined below) to pay for the Second Closing
Shares. Following the completion of the purchases of the Primary
Shares pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Micron, through its subsidiaries,
owns approximately 35.61% of the outstanding common stock of
Inotera. Promptly following the Second Closing, the Sellers pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement will sell the remaining 4,483,800 Secondary Shares of
Inotera on the Taiwan Stock Exchange and remit the proceeds to MNL. 
 
 In
connection with the Second Closing: 

 &#183; 

 MNL
 entered into various agreements with Nanya Technology Corporation (";NTC";),
 MeiYa Technology Corporation (";MeiYa";), a company owned one-half by MNL
 and one-half by NTC, and Inotera relating to the ownership and governance
 of Inotera, the manufacture of DRAM products by Inotera, the sale of DRAM
 products by Inotera to Micron and NTC and the restructuring of certain
 agreements relating to MeiYa. Inotera is a publicly-traded
 Taiwan-based company that manufactures DRAM products. Certain
 of these agreements are summarized below under ";Item 1.01. Entry into a
 Material Definitive Agreement &#8211; Joint Venture
 Agreements."; 

 &#183; 

 Micron
 and MNL entered into a loan with Nan Ya Plastics Corporation (";NPC";),
 pursuant to which NPC made a loan to MNL in the principal amount of $200.0
 million, the proceeds of which were used to pay the purchase price for the
 Second Closing Shares and Micron and MNL entered into a loan agreement
 with Inotera, pursuant to which Inotera made a loan to Micron in the
 principal amount of $85.0 million, the proceeds of which are to be used
 for general corporate purposes. These loan agreements are
 summarized below under ";Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
 Agreement &#8211; Loan Agreements."; 

 &#183; 

 Micron
 and MNL entered into a series of agreements to terminate certain
 agreements related to Micron';s preexisting MeiYa joint venture agreement
 that was reported on Micron';s Form 8-K filed on April 23,
 2008. Certain of these termination agreements are summarized
 below under ";Item 1.02. Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement &#8211;
 Terminating Agreements."; 

 &#183; 

 Micron
 and/or MNL entered into certain other related agreements including,
 without limitation: (i) a back-end services agreement and
 transition services agreement with Qimonda; and (ii) a loan agreement with
 MeiYa pursuant to which MeiYa will make a loan to Micron in the
 principal amount of $50 million that bears interest at 4.25% per annum and
 will mature on the earlier of (x) the date on which Micron receives
 certain technology transfer fees from Inotera under the Technology
 Transfer Agreement for 68-50 nm Process Nodes between Inotera and Micron
 that was disclosed on a Form 8-K filed by Micron on October 14, 2008 (the
 ";Inotera TTA";) and (y) one year from the date the loan is
 made. 

 Item
 1.01. 

 Entry
 into a Material Definitive
Agreement. 

 Joint
Venture Agreements 
 
 On
November 26, 2008, in connection with the Share Purchase Transactions, Micron
and MNL entered into various agreements with NTC, MeiYa, a company owned one
half by MNL and one half by NTC, and Inotera relating to the ownership and
governance of Inotera, the manufacture of DRAM products by Inotera, the sale of
DRAM products by Inotera to Micron and NTC and the restructuring of certain
agreements relating to MeiYa. Inotera is a publicly-traded
Taiwan-based company that manufactures DRAM products. 

 1 

 As part
of the transaction to which such agreements relate, Micron will transfer to
Inotera certain intellectual property relevant to the manufacture of stack DRAM
products, and Micron will amend certain agreements with NTC relating to the
transfer and license of certain intellectual property relevant to the
manufacture of stack DRAM products. The agreements provide for Micron
to receive transfer fees and royalties with respect to the intellectual property
transferred to Inotera and NTC. Also, Micron and NTC have amended
their agreement regarding the joint development of process technology and
designs for manufacturing stack DRAM products. 
 
 Set forth
below are brief descriptions of the material agreements that have been entered
into or amended that relate to the operation of Inotera, the transfers and
licenses of intellectual property and the operation of the joint development
program. 
 
 Master
Agreement 
 
 Micron,
MNL, NTC, MeiYa and Inotera entered into a Master Agreement (the ";Master
Agreement";), which provides that certain agreements entered into in connection
with MeiYa are to be amended and that certain agreements relating to Inotera are
to be entered into. The material amended agreements and the material
new agreements are described below. In addition, the Master Agreement
provides that the following agreements, among others, entered into in connection
with the formation of MeiYa will be terminated (other than terms thereof that,
pursuant to such agreements, expressly survive such termination) at such time as
MeiYa is sold, merged, liquidated, or dissolved or at such time as its non-cash
assets are sold: (a) the Master Agreement between Micron and NTC,
dated April 21, 2008 (the ";Terminating Master Agreement";), (b) the Joint Venture
Agreement between MNL and NTC, dated April 21, 2008 (the ";Terminating Joint
Venture Agreement";) (except for certain provisions relating to transferred
employees), (c) the Supply Agreement among Micron, NTC and MeiYa, dated June 6,
2008 (the ";Terminating Supply Agreement";), (d) the Technology Transfer Agreement
by and among Micron, NTC and MeiYa, dated May 13, 2008 (the ";Terminating TTA";)
(although, if such termination has not occurred within six months following the
date of the Master Agreement, such termination will occur on the last day of
such six-month period), and (e) the Technology Transfer Agreement for 68-50 nm
Process Nodes between Micron and MeiYa, dated May 13, 2008 (the ";Terminating TTA
68-50";) (although if such termination has not occurred within six months
following the date of the Master Agreement, such termination will occur on the
last day of such six-month period). A description of the material
terms of each of these terminating agreements is set forth below. 
 
 Joint
Venture Agreement 
 
 MNL and
NTC entered into a Joint Venture Agreement (the ";Joint Venture Agreement";) that
governs the rights and obligations of the parties in connection with their
ownership of shares of Inotera. 
 
 Under the
Joint Venture Agreement, each of MNL and NTC may initially designate five of the
twelve members of the Board of Directors of Inotera and each is to vote its
shares for such designated directors. The number of directors that may be
designated by each party adjusts depending upon the parties'; ownership interests
in Inotera. In addition, MNL and NTC each may nominate one
independent director of Inotera and are required to vote their shares for such
nominees. Also, MNL and NTC are to vote their shares in favor of two
supervisors of Inotera selected by MNL and two supervisors of Inotera selected
by NTC. 
 
 The Joint
Venture Agreement provides that the parties will use their best efforts to
require a supermajority vote for any actions to be authorized by the Inotera
Board of Directors. Subject to certain terms and conditions, NTC and
MNL will use their best efforts to each have the right to nominate an executive
officer of Inotera, which officers will serve at the pleasure of Inotera';s Board
of Directors. 
 
 The Joint
Venture Agreement provides that Micron and NTC will purchase all of the output
of Inotera, generally on a 50-50 basis (other than trench products sold to
Qimonda during a ramp-down period). If MNL';s and NTC';s relative
ownership in Inotera changes, the allocation of such output may be
adjusted. The Joint Venture Agreement also imposes certain
restrictions on the transfer by the parties of shares in Inotera and prohibits
acquisitions of shares in Inotera by the parties from third
parties. 
 
 The Joint
Venture Agreement contains buy/sell arrangements in the event of: (i) breach by
a party of the terms of the Joint Venture Agreement, (ii) deadlock between the
parties after following the procedures set forth in the Joint Venture Agreement,
and (iii) one party';s ownership in Inotera falling below certain thresholds
relative to the other party';s ownership. 
 
 Neither
MNL nor NTC is required to contribute capital to Inotera. 

 2 

 Facilitation
Agreement 
 
 Micron,
NTC and Inotera entered into a Facilitation Agreement, pursuant to which Inotera
agrees to take certain actions, subject to, in some cases, applicable laws,
approvals of board of directors and/or shareholders' meeting, to fully
effectuate the intent of MNL and NTC under the Joint Venture Agreement with
respect to, among other things, the nomination of executive officers and rights
and obligations to the output of Inotera. 
 
 Micron
Guaranty 
 
 Micron
and NTC entered into a Micron Guaranty Agreement pursuant to which Micron
guarantees, for the benefit of NTC, MNL';s performance under the Joint Venture
Agreement. 
 
 Supply
Agreement 
 
 Micron
and NTC entered into a Supply Agreement with Inotera (the "Supply Agreement")
pursuant to which Inotera will sell to Micron and NTC trench and stack DRAM
products manufactured by Inotera. Inotera will sell to Micron and NTC all
of the trench DRAM products manufactured by it other than trench DRAM products
that are sold by Inotera to Qimonda pursuant to a separate supply agreement
between Inotera and Qimonda (the "Qimonda Supply Agreement"). Under
the Qimonda Supply Agreement, Qimonda is obligated to purchase trench DRAM
products started for it by Inotera during the eight months following the Second
Closing in accordance with a ramp down schedule specified in the Qimonda Supply
Agreement. Initially, (a) with respect to trench DRAM products, (i)
NTC will purchase the products resulting from 50% of Inotera's aggregate trench
DRAM manufacturing capacity and (ii) Micron will purchase the products resulting
from 50% of Inotera's aggregate trench DRAM manufacturing capacity less the
trench DRAM products contemplated to be purchased by Qimonda pursuant to the
Qimonda Supply Agreement and (b) with respect to stack DRAM products, (i) NTC
will purchase the products resulting from 50% of the aggregate stack DRAM
manufacturing capacity and (ii) Micron will purchase the products resulting from
50% of the aggregate stack DRAM manufacturing capacity. Although the
respective output percentages of Micron and NTC are initially 50/50, the output
percentages may be adjusted if the relative ownership of MNL and NTC in Inotera
changes. The pricing formula that determines the amounts to be paid by
each of Micron and NTC for DRAM products under the Supply Agreement takes into
account manufacturing costs and margins associated with the products purchased.
 Following a buy-out under the Joint Venture Agreement, the Supply
Agreement will generally continue with respect to the party that was bought out
for up to 12 months. 
 
 Amended
and Restated Joint Development Program Agreement 
 
 Micron
and NTC entered into an Amended and Restated Joint Development Program Agreement
(the ";JDP Agreement";) that amends that certain Joint Development Program
Agreement, between Micron and NTC dated April 21, 2008, entered into in
connection with the formation of MeiYa (the ";Original JDP
Agreement";). Pursuant to the JDP Agreement, the parties will jointly
develop process technology for the manufacture of stack DRAM products and
designs for stack DRAM products. Absent the occurrence of certain
early termination events, the JDP Agreement will remain in effect for at least
10 years from the date of the Original JDP Agreement. 
 
 All
inventions conceived in connection with the joint development program will be
allocated between Micron and NTC pursuant to mechanisms set forth in the JDP
Agreement and the TTA (as defined below), transferred to Inotera pursuant to
mechanisms set forth in the TTA, or will be jointly owned by Micron and
NTC. 
 
 Research
and development under the JDP Agreement will be conducted jointly by Micron and
NTC and possibly Inotera. After the research and development costs
exceed a specified amount, those costs will be shared approximately equally by
the parties. It is expected that such sharing will begin in
approximately two years from the date of the Original JDP
Agreement. 
 
 Technology
Transfer Agreement 
 
 Micron,
NTC and Inotera entered into a Technology Transfer Agreement (the ";TTA";),
pursuant to which Micron and NTC will transfer to Inotera certain information
and deliverables relating to technology for the manufacture of stack DRAM
products on process nodes of less than 50nm that are developed pursuant to the
JDP Agreement. 
 
 Amended
and Restated Technology Transfer and License Agreement 
 
 Micron
and NTC entered into an Amended and Restated Technology Transfer and License
Agreement (the ";TTL Agreement";) that amends that certain Technology Transfer and
License Agreement, between Micron and NTC dated April 21, 2008, entered into in
connection with the formation of MeiYa. Pursuant to the TTL Agreement,

 3 

 Micron is
licensing to NTC the right to use technologies relating to the manufacture of
stack DRAM products for specified purposes, including relating to the
manufacture of stack DRAM products on nodes of less than 50nm, and to have
Inotera manufacture such products. In addition, under this agreement
NTC is licensing to Micron the right to use technologies relating to DRAM
products for certain specified purposes. NTC will pay Micron
royalties for its license from Micron. 
 
 The
foregoing description of the transactions consummated pursuant to the Master
Agreement and the Joint Venture Agreement is only a summary, does not purport to
be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the agreements
related to the Master Agreement and the Joint Venture Agreement, which will be
filed as exhibits to a future periodic or current report. 
 
 Loan
Agreements 
 
 Nan
Ya Plastics Loan Agreement 
 
 In
connection with the Share Purchase Transactions, on November 26, 2008, Micron
and its subsidiary MNL entered into a loan agreement with NPC pursuant to which
NPC made a loan to MNL (the ";NPC Loan";) in the principal amount of $200.0
million (the ";NPC Loan Agreement";). The proceeds of the NPC Loan were
used to pay the purchase price for the Second Closing Shares of Inotera at the
Second Closing under the Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the NPC Loan
Agreement, Micron has guaranteed the NPC Loan. The loan bears
interest at 3-month LIBOR plus 2%. The NPC Loan is secured by a
pledge of the shares of common stock of Inotera held by MNL and by Micron
Technology Asia Pacific, Inc. (";MTT";). 
 
 The NPC
Loan matures on November 26, 2009 and is expected to be refinanced with a new
loan (the ";New Loan";) in the same principal amount with a maturity date of
November 26, 2010 pursuant to commitments by NPC to obtain for MNL or by NTC to
provide or obtain for MNL such New Loan. The failure of MNL to obtain
the New Loan and to repay the NPC Loan on the maturity date due to causes not
attributable to Micron, MNL, or MTT, shall not constitute a payment event of
default under the NPC Loan Agreement. 
 
 The NPC
Loan Agreement contains customary affirmative covenants including further
assurances, compliance with laws, payment of taxes, maintenance of insurance and
properties and notice of defaults or events of default. The events of
default under the NPC Loan Agreement include the failure to pay principal,
interest or other amounts due under the NPC Loan Agreement and related pledge
agreement beyond specified grace periods, the failure to perform material
obligations or covenants under the NPC Loan Agreement and related pledge
agreement beyond a specified grace period and bankruptcy and insolvency events
with respect to Micron or MNL. 
 
 NPC is an
affiliate of NTC. MNL and NTC are parties to the Joint Venture
Agreement and the Terminating Joint Venture Agreement. 
 
 The
foregoing description of the NPC Loan Agreement is only a summary, does not
purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
agreements related to the NPC Loan Agreement, which will be filed as exhibits to
a future periodic or current report. 
 
 Inotera
Loan Agreement 
 
 On
November 26, 2008, Micron entered into a loan agreement with Inotera pursuant to
which Inotera made a loan (the ";Inotera Loan";) to Micron in the principal amount
of $85.0 million (the ";Inotera Loan Agreement";). The Inotera Loan
bears interest at 3-month LIBOR plus 2% and matures on May 26,
2009. The proceeds of the Inotera Loan are to be used for general
corporate purposes. The Inotera Loan is secured by a pledge of
quarterly license fees payable to Micron under the Technology Transfer and
License Agreement for 68-50nm Process Nodes between Micron and NTC that was
reported on Micron';s Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2008. 
 
 The
events of default under the Inotera Loan Agreement include Micron';s failure to
pay principal, interest or other amounts due under the Inotera Loan Agreement
and related pledge agreement beyond specified grace periods, Micron';s failure to
perform its material obligations or covenants under the Inotera Loan Agreement
and related pledge agreement beyond a specified grace period and bankruptcy and
insolvency events with respect to Micron. 
 
 As
described above, Micron, through its subsidiaries, owns approximately 35.61% of
the common stock of Inotera and Micron';s subsidiary, MNL, is party to the Joint
Venture Agreement. 

 4 

 The
foregoing description of the Inotera Loan Agreement is only a summary, does not
purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
agreements related to the Inotera Loan Agreement, which will be filed as
exhibits to a future periodic or current report. 

 Item
 1.02. 

 Termination
 of a Material Definitive Agreement. 

 Terminating
Agreements 
 
 Set forth
below are brief descriptions of the material agreements being terminated
pursuant to the Master Agreement (as defined in Item 1.01 above). 
 
 Terminating
Master Agreement. 
 
 The
Terminating Master Agreement addressed certain agreements entered into in
connection with the establishment and operation of MeiYa and the transfers and
licenses of intellectual property and the operation of the joint development
program. These agreements, which governed the rights and obligations
of each of Micron, MNL, NTC and MeiYa, included a joint venture agreement
between MNL and NTC related to MeiYa, a guaranty agreement by Micron for the
benefit of NTC, a supply agreement among Micron, NTC and MeiYa, a joint stack
DRAM process technology and product design development agreement between Micron
and NTC, various technology transfer and licensing agreements among Micron, NTC
and MeiYa, and a non-suit agreement between Micron and NTC. 
 
 Terminating
Joint Venture Agreement. 
 
 The
Terminating Joint Venture Agreement governed the rights and obligations of the
parties in connection with the operation of MeiYa. 
 
 Pursuant
to the Terminating Master Agreement and the Terminating Joint Venture Agreement,
MNL and NTC each were to contribute NT$ 1.2 billion (which was expected to be
approximately equivalent to US$40 million) in cash to MeiYa at the closing of
the joint venture transaction. The parties each committed to
contribute the NT$ equivalent of an additional US$510 million prior to December
31, 2009. 
 
 The
parties initially were to appoint an equal number of directors to the Board of
Directors of MeiYa. The number of directors appointed by each party
adjusted depending upon the parties'; ownership interest in
MeiYa. Actions to be authorized by the Board of Directors required
approval by a supermajority vote. Subject to certain terms and
conditions, NTC and MNL each were to appoint an executive officer, which
officers were to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 
 
 The
Terminating Joint Venture Agreement provided that Micron and NTC would purchase
all of the output of MeiYa generally in proportion to their relative direct or
indirect ownership in MeiYa. The Terminating Joint Venture Agreement also
imposed certain restrictions on the transfer by the parties of shares in
MeiYa. 
 
 The
Terminating Joint Venture Agreement contained buy/sell arrangements in the event
of: (i) a failure by one of the parties to contribute the capital required by
the Terminating Joint Venture Agreement, (ii) breach by a party of the terms of
the Terminating Joint Venture Agreement, (iii) deadlock between the parties
after following the procedures set forth in the Terminating Joint Venture
Agreement, and (iv) one party';s ownership in MeiYa falling below certain
thresholds relative to the other party';s ownership. 
 
 Terminating
Supply Agreement. 
 
 Pursuant
to the Terminating Supply Agreement, MeiYa was to sell to Micron and NTC all of
the stack DRAM products manufactured by MeiYa. Micron and NTC were to
have the same rights in all material respects under the Terminating Supply
Agreement except for the percentage of MeiYa';s output to be purchased, which was
to be consistent generally with the parties'; relative direct or indirect
ownership position in MeiYa. Each of Micron and NTC were initially
allocated 50% of the output of MeiYa. Generally, the Terminating
Supply Agreement was to continue for up to 12 months following a buy-out under
the Terminating Joint Venture Agreement. 

 5 

 Terminating
TTA. 
 
 Pursuant
to the Terminating TTA, Micron and NTC agreed to transfer to MeiYa certain
information and deliverables relating to technology for the manufacture of stack
DRAM products on process nodes of less than 50nm that are developed pursuant to
the Terminating JDP Agreement. 
 
 Terminating
TTA 68-50. 
 
 Pursuant
to the Terminating TTA 68-50, Micron agreed to transfer to MeiYa certain
information and deliverables relating to technology for the manufacture of stack
DRAM products on 68nm and 50nm process nodes. Pursuant to the Master
Agreement, MeiYa will not be required to pay Micron its $50 million technology
transfer payment obligation under the Terminating TTA 68-50 if Inotera timely
makes its $50 million technology transfer payment under the Inotera
TTA. 
 
 The
foregoing description of the transactions consummated pursuant to the Master
Agreement is only a summary, does not purport to be complete and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the agreements related to the Master Agreement,
which will be filed as exhibits to a future periodic or current
report. 

 Item
 2.03. 

 Creation
 of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

 The
information regarding the Inotera Loan Agreement and the NPC Loan Agreement set
forth in Item 1.01 hereof is incorporated by reference into this Item
2.03. 

 Item
 8.01. 

 Other
 Events. 

 See the
introductory text preceding Item 1.01 above which is hereby incorporated by
reference. 

 6 

 SIGNATURE 
 
 Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized. 

 MICRON
 TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 Date: 

 November
 26, 2008 

 By: 

 /s/
 Roderic W. Lewis 

 Name: 

 Roderic
 W. Lewis 

 Title: 

 Vice
 President of Legal Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate
 Secretary 

 7 

