 
 8-K
 1
 v212103_8k.htm

 UNITED
 STATES 
 SECURITIES
 AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON,
 D. C. 20549 
 
 FORM
 8-K 

 CURRENT
 REPORT 
 Pursuant
 to Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 
 
 Date
 of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 15,
 2011 

 MEMC
 Electronic Materials, Inc. 
 (Exact
 Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

 Delaware 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation) 

 1-13828 
 (Commission
 File Number) 

 56-1505767 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

 501
 Pearl Drive (City of O'Fallon) 
 St.
 Peters, Missouri 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices) 

 63376 
 (Zip
 Code) 

 (636)
 474-5000 
 (Registrant's
 telephone number, including area code) 

 Not
 Applicable 
 (Former
 name or former address, if changed since last report) 

 Check the appropriate box below
 if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing
 obligation of the registrant under any of the following provision (see
 General Instruction A.2 below): 

 [ ] Written
 communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR
 230.425) 

 [ ] Soliciting
 material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
 240.14a-12) 

 [ ] Pre-commencement
 communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
 240.14d-2(b)) 

 [ ] Pre-commencement
 communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
 240.13e-4(c)) 

 Item
1.01. Entry
into a Material Definitive Agreement. 
 
 On
February 15, 2011, MEMC Singapore Pte. Ltd., a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary
of MEMC Electronic Materials, Inc. (";MEMC";), entered into a joint venture
agreement (the ";Joint Venture Agreement";) with Samsung Fine Chemicals Co. Ltd.,
a company organized under the laws of Korea (";SFC";), reflecting the parties';
agreement to form a joint venture company (the ";JVC";) in Korea. The
JVC will produce high purity polysilicon in Ulsan, South Korea. 
 
 At the
closing (the ";Closing";), which is subject to customary conditions including the
receipt of governmental approvals, each of SFC and MEMC will hold a 50%
ownership interest in the JVC. Each of MEMC and SFC will be prohibited from
transferring any of the JVC shares held by them, except to their respective
affiliates, for a period of five years from the closing. 
 
 The Joint
Venture Agreement provides for both equity and debt financing components. The
parties will contribute some funds at Closing and will contribute additional
amounts over time so that the total cash contributions made by each party is
approximately $175 million in the aggregate. The JVC has the responsibility to
secure additional funds required for the construction of the initial Plant
through debt financing. 
 
 Under the
terms of the Joint Venture Agreement, the JVC will have a six-person board of
directors, with each of MEMC and SFC having the right to nominate three director
representatives, each for a three-year term. SFC will also have the right to
nominate the Chief Executive Officer and Vice President of Human Resources and
MEMC will have the right to nominate the Chief Financial Officer and Chief
Technology Officer of the JVC. Certain actions of the JVC require simple
majority approval, and certain other fundamental actions will require consent of
at least 2/3 of the JVC shares outstanding. In addition, the Joint Venture
Agreement provides a mechanism for resolving any ";deadlock";, and specified
remedies upon any events of default arising from, among other things, material
breaches of the Joint Venture Agreement. 
 
 During
the term of the Joint Venture Agreement, MEMC and SFC have each granted the
other party a right of first refusal to participate in the establishment of any
additional polysilicon manufacturing plant planned by either party in Korea. 
 
 The Joint
Venture Agreement continues until the JVC is terminated. If the Closing does not
occur by April 30, 2011, either party may terminate the Joint Venture
Agreement. 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the Registrant has
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

 MEMC ELECTRONIC MATERIALS,
 INC. 

 Date:
 February 21, 2011 

 By:

 /s/ Bradley
 D. Kohn 

 Name:
 Bradley D. Kohn 

 Title:
 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate
 Secretary 

