 
 10-K
 1
 ia10kfinal.htm

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 10-K 

 X 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 
 
 o 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 000-51609 
 
 Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 Maryland 
 34-2019608 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

 2901 Butterfield Road, Oak Brook, Illinois 
 60523 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

 630-218-8000 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Common stock, $0.001 par value per share 
 (Title of Class) 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes o No X 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes o No X 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to the filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 Yes X No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. (See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer X Smaller reporting company o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes o No X 
 
 While there is no established market for the registrant's shares of common stock, the registrant currently is conducting a follow-on offering of its shares of common stock pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-11. In each of its offerings, the registrant has sold shares of its common stock for $10.00 per share, with discounts available for certain categories of purchasers. The number of shares held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2007 (the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed fiscal quarter) was approximately 443,886,100. 
 
 As of March 24, 2008 there were 599,603,203 shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding. 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: Portions of the registrant's proxy statement for the 2008 annual stockholders meeting which is expected to be filed no later than April 29, 2008 are incorporated by reference in Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14. 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Part I 
 Page 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 3 

 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 

 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 21 

 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 

 Item 4. 
 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
 27 

 Part II 

 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 

 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 29 

 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 

 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 60 

 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 62 

 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 146 

 Item 9A(T). 
 Controls and Procedures 
 146 

 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 146 

 Part III 

 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 146 

 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 146 

 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 147 

 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 147 

 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 147 

 Part IV 

 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 147 

 Signatures 
 148 

 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes references to certain trademarks. Courtyard by Marriott&#174;, Marriott&#174;, Marriott Suites&#174;, Residence Inn by Marriott&#174; and SpringHill Suites by Marriott&#174; trademarks are the property of Marriott International, Inc. (&#147;Marriott&#148;) or one of its affiliates. Doubletree&#174;, Embassy Suites&#174;, Hampton Inn&#174;, Hilton Garden Inn&#174;, Hilton Hotels&#174; and Homewood Suites by Hilton&#174; trademarks are the property of Hilton Hotels Corporation (&#147;Hilton&#148;) or one or more of its affiliates. Hyatt Place&#174; trademark is the property of Hyatt Corporation (&#147;Hyatt&#148;). For convenience, the applicable trademark or service mark symbol has been omitted but will be deemed to be included wherever the above-referenced terms are used. 

 -i- 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 General 
 
 We were incorporated in October 2004, as a Maryland corporation, to acquire and develop a diversified portfolio of commercial real estate, primarily multi-family, office and industrial distribution buildings, lodging facilities and retail properties, as well as triple-net, single use properties of a similar type, located in the United States and Canada. Our sponsor, Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation, herein referred to as our sponsor, is a subsidiary of The Inland Group, Inc. Various affiliates of our sponsor are involved in our operations. We have entered into property management agreements with Inland American Retail Management LLC, Inland American Office Management LLC, Inland American Industrial Management LLC and Inland American Apartment Management LLC, affiliates of The Inland Group, Inc., which we refer to collectively as our property managers. We have entered into a business management agreement with Inland American Business Manager & Advisor, Inc., an affiliate of our sponsor, to be our business manager. On August 31, 2005, we commenced our initial public offering of up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock at $10.00 each, and up to 40,000,000 shares at $9.50 each, which were available for purchase through our dividend reinvestment plan, herein referred to as DRP. On August 1, 2007, we commenced a second public offering of up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock at $10.00 each and up to 40,000,000 shares at $9.50 each through our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 
 As of December 31, 2007, we have issued a total of 533,404,201 shares, which includes 670,000 shares issued to our sponsor and business manager primarily in respect of acquisition fees. In addition, we sold 16,079,225 shares through our DRP as of December 31, 2007. As a result of these sales, we have raised a total of approximately $5.5 billion of gross offering proceeds as of December 31, 2007. 
 
 As of December 31, 2007 on a consolidated basis we owned interests in 546 retail properties (the &#147;retail properties&#148;) containing a total of approximately 11.8 million square feet of retail space, 26 office properties (the &#147;office properties&#148;) containing a total of approximately 7.0 million square feet of office space, 61 industrial properties (the &#147;industrial properties&#148;) containing a total of approximately 14.1 million square feet of industrial space, 76 hotel properties (the lodging properties ) containing a total of 10,411 rooms, eight multi-family properties (the &#147;multi-family properties&#148;) containing a total of 2,235 apartment units and ten development properties. The retail properties, office properties, industrial properties and multi-family properties are herein referred to collectively as the &#147;properties&#148;. All of our properties are located within the United States. As of December 31, 2007, the retail properties, the office properties, the industrial properties and the multi-family properties were 95%, 98%, 93% and 89% leased based on a weighted average basis, respectively. 
 
 Segment Data 
 
 We operate on a consolidated basis in five business segments: office properties, retail properties, multi-family properties, industrial properties and lodging properties. Information related to our business segments for the year 2007 is set forth in Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Customers 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2007, we generated more than 10% of our rental revenue from one tenant, AT&T. AT&T, Inc. leases 100% of the SBC Center in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, One AT&T Center in St. Louis, Missouri, and AT&T Center in Cleveland, Ohio, which generated approximately 16% of our rental revenue for the year ended December 31, 2007. We are not aware of any current tenants who will not be able to pay their contractual rental amounts as they become due whose inability to pay would have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 Tax Status 
 
 We and Minto Builders (Florida), Inc., a majority owned subsidiary, herein referred to as MB REIT, have elected to be taxed as real estate investment trusts, or REITs, under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or the Code for the tax year ending December 31, 2005. Because we and MB REIT qualify for taxation as REITs, we and MB REIT generally will not be subject to federal income tax. Failure to satisfy the requirements for continuing to qualify 

 -1- 
 
 as a REIT, however, will subject us to federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) on its taxable income at regular corporate rates. Even if we and MB REIT qualify for taxation as a REIT, we and MB REIT may be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income and property, respectively, and to Federal income and excise taxes on our or MB REIT's undistributed income. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We are subject to significant competition in seeking real estate investments and tenants. We compete with many third parties engaged in real estate investment activities including other REITs, specialty finance companies, savings and loan associations, banks, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, lenders, hedge funds, governmental bodies and other entities. We also face competition from real estate investment programs, including two REITs, sponsored by our sponsor and its affiliates for retail shopping centers and single tenant net-leased properties that may be suitable for our investment. Some of these competitors, including larger REITs, have substantially greater financial resources than we do and generally may be able to accept more risk. They also may enjoy significant competitive advantages that result from, among other things, a lower cost of capital and enhanced operating efficiencies. 
 
 Employees 
 
 We have 104 full-time individuals employed primarily by our lodging and student housing subsidiaries. Our executive officers do not receive any compensation from us for their services as such officers. Our executive officers are officers of one or more of The Inland Group, Inc.'s affiliated entities, including our business manager and are compensated by these entities, in part, for their services rendered to us. 
 
 Conflicts of Interest Policies 
 
 Our governing documents require a majority of our directors to be independent. Further, any transactions between The Inland Group, Inc. or its affiliates and us must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 
 
 Beginning on page 3 is a discussion of the risks that we believe are material to investors who purchase or own our common securities. You should consider carefully these risks, together with the other information contained in and incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the descriptions included in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 We are not aware of any environmental liability relating to our properties that we believe, would have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, or results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 Executive Officers 
 
 The following sets forth certain information with regard to our executive officers as of December 31, 2007: 
 
 Robert D. Parks, 64, has been our chairman of the board and director since our formation. 
 
 Brenda G. Gujral, 65, has been our president and director since our formation. 
 
 Roberta S. Matlin, 63, has been our vice president - administration since our formation. 
 
 Lori J. Foust, 43, has been our treasurer and principal financial officer since October 2005. 
 
 Scott W. Wilton, 47, has been our secretary since our formation. 
 
 Jack Potts, 38, has been our principal accounting officer since September 2007. 

 -2- 
 
 Access to Company Information 
 
 We electronically file our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The public may read and copy any of the reports that are filed with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at (800)-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. 
 
 We make available, free of charge, by responding to requests addressed to our customer relations group, the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports. These reports are available as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. 
 
 Certifications 
 
 We have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission the principal executive officer and principal financial officer certifications required pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which are attached as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 There are inherent risks with real estate investments. 
 
 Investments in real estate assets are subject to varying degrees of risk. For example, an investment in real estate cannot generally be quickly converted to cash, limiting our ability to promptly vary our portfolio in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions. Investments in real estate assets also are subject to adverse changes in general economic conditions which reduce the demand for rental space. Other factors also affect the value of real estate assets, including: 
 
 &#183; 
 federal, state or local regulations and controls affecting rents, zoning, prices of goods, fuel and energy consumption, water and environmental restrictions; 
 
 &#183; 
 the attractiveness of a property to tenants; and 
 
 &#183; 
 labor and material costs. 
 
 Further, if our investments do not generate revenues sufficient to meet operating expenses, we may have to borrow amounts to cover fixed costs, and our cash available for distributions will be adversely affected. 
 
 We compete with numerous other parties or entities for real estate assets and tenants. 
 
 We compete with numerous other persons or entities seeking to buy real estate assets, or to attract tenants to properties we already own, including REITs or other real estate operating companies. These persons or entities may have greater experience and financial strength. There is no assurance that we will be able to acquire additional real estate assets or attract tenants on favorable terms, if at all. For example, our competitors may be willing to offer space at properties that compete with ours at rental rates below our existing rates, causing us to lose existing or potential tenants and pressuring us to reduce our rental rates to retain existing tenants or convince new tenants to lease space at our properties. All of these factors could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 An investor&#146;s investment in us is directly affected by general economic and regulatory factors that impact real estate investments. 
 
 Because we invest primarily in commercial real estate, our financial condition, results of operations and our ability to pay distributions is directly affected by general economic and regulatory factors impacting real estate investments. These 

 -3- 
 
 factors are generally outside of our control. Among the factors that could impact our real estate assets and the value of an investor&#146;s investment are: 
 
 &#183; 
 local conditions such as an oversupply of space or reduced demand for real estate assets of the type that we own or seek to acquire, including, with respect to our lodging facilities, quick changes in supply of and demand for rooms that are rented or leased on a day-to-day basis; 
 
 &#183; 
 inability to collect rent from tenants; 
 
 &#183; 
 vacancies or inability to rent space on favorable terms; 
 
 &#183; 
 inflation and other increases in operating costs, including insurance premiums, utilities and real estate taxes; 
 
 &#183; 
 increases in energy costs or airline fares or terrorist incidents which impact the propensity of people to travel and therefore impact revenues from our lodging facilities, although operating costs cannot be adjusted as quickly; 
 
 &#183; 
 adverse changes in the laws and regulations applicable to us; 
 
 &#183; 
 the relative illiquidity of real estate investments; 
 
 &#183; 
 changing market demographics; 
 
 &#183; 
 an inability to acquire and finance properties on favorable terms; 
 
 &#183; 
 acts of God, such as earthquakes, floods or other uninsured losses; and 
 
 &#183; 
 changes or increases in interest rates and availability of permanent mortgage funds. 
 
 In addition, periods of economic slowdown or recession, or declining demand for real estate, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, could result in a general decline in rents or increased defaults under existing leases, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 Delays in locating suitable investments could adversely affect the return on a stockholder&#146;s investment. 
 
 Even if we are able to access sufficient capital, we may suffer from delays in deploying the capital into properties or other real estate assets. Delays may occur, for example, as a result of our relying on our business manager and its affiliates, including Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc., or &#147;IREA,&#148; to identify these opportunities given that these entities are simultaneously seeking to locate suitable investments for other programs sponsored by our sponsor. Delays in selecting, acquiring and developing real estate assets could adversely affect investor returns. In addition, when we acquire a property prior to the start of construction or during the early stages of construction, it typically takes several months to complete construction and rent available space. Therefore, cash flow attributable to those particular properties could be delayed. If we are unable to deploy capital not otherwise invested in income-producing real estate assets in a timely manner, our ability to pay distributions will be adversely affected. As of the date of this report, we have not identified all of the real estate assets that we will purchase with the proceeds of our current offering. Because we are conducting our current offering on a &#147;best efforts&#148; basis over several months, our ability to purchase specific real estate assets will depend partially on the amount of net proceeds realized from that offering. We also may experience delays as a result of selling shares or negotiating or obtaining the necessary purchase documentation to close an acquisition. We also may invest all proceeds we receive from our current offering in short-term, highly-liquid investments. These short-term investments typically yield less than investments in commercial real estate. Further, we may use the principal amount of these investments, and any returns generated on these investments, to pay fees in connection with our current offering and the expenses of our business manager, property managers and other affiliates of our sponsor in connection with acquiring real estate assets for us. Because cash generated by our short-term investments may not be reinvested in additional short-term investments, our percentage return on short-term investments may, therefore, be less than the return an investor may otherwise realize by directly investing in similar types of short-term investments. 

 -4- 
 
 We depend on tenants for the majority of our revenue, and lease terminations or the exercise of any co-tenancy rights could have an adverse effect. 
 
 Defaults on lease payment obligations by our tenants would cause us to lose the revenue associated with that lease and require us to find an alternative source of revenue to pay our mortgage indebtedness and prevent a foreclosure action. If a tenant defaults or declares bankruptcy, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as a landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment. Termination of significant leases also would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 Further, we may enter into leases containing co-tenancy provisions. Co-tenancy provisions may allow a tenant to exercise certain rights if, among other things, another tenant fails to open for business, delays its opening or ceases to operate, or if a percentage of the property&#146;s gross leasable space or a particular portion of the property is not leased or subsequently becomes vacant. A tenant exercising co-tenancy rights may be able to abate minimum rent, reduce its share or the amount of its payments of common area operating expenses and property taxes or cancel its lease. The exercise of any co-tenancy rights by tenants could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 We may incur additional costs in acquiring or re-leasing properties. 
 
 We may invest in properties designed or built primarily for a particular tenant or a specific type of use known as a &#147;single-user facility.&#148; If the tenant fails to renew its lease or defaults on its lease obligations, we may not be able to readily market a single-user facility to a new tenant without making substantial capital improvements or incurring other significant re-leasing costs. We also may incur significant costs to enforce our rights as a landlord against the defaulting tenant, all of which could adversely affect our revenues and expenses and reduce the cash available for distribution. 
 
 We may be restricted from re-leasing space. 
 
 In the case of leases with retail tenants, the majority of the leases contain provisions giving the particular tenant the exclusive right to sell particular types of merchandise or provide specific types of services within the particular retail center. These provisions may limit the number and types of prospective tenants interested in leasing space in a particular retail property. 
 
 One tenant generated a significant portion of our revenue, and rental payment defaults by this significant tenant could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2007, approximately 12% of our rental revenue was generated by properties leased to AT&T, Inc., the SBC Center in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, One AT&T Center in St. Louis, Missouri and AT&T Center in Cleveland, Ohio. One tenant, AT&T, Inc., leases 100% of the total gross leasable area of these three properties. As a result of the concentration of revenue generated from these properties, if AT&T were to cease paying rent or fulfilling its other monetary obligations, we could have significantly reduced rental revenues or higher expenses until the defaults were cured or the three properties were leased to a new tenant or tenants. 
 
 Sale leaseback transactions may be recharacterized in a manner unfavorable to us. 
 
 We may from time to time enter into a sale leaseback transaction where we purchase a property and then lease the property to the seller. The transaction may, however, be characterized as a financing instead of a sale in the case of the seller&#146;s bankruptcy. In this case, we would not be treated as the owner of the property but rather as a creditor with no interest in the property itself. The seller may have the ability in a bankruptcy proceeding to restructure the financing by imposing new terms and conditions. The transaction also may be recharacterized as a joint venture. In this case, we would be treated as a joint venturer with liability, under some circumstances, for debts incurred by the seller relating to the property. Thus, recharacterization of a sale leaseback transaction could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 Geographic concentration of our portfolio may make us particularly susceptible to adverse economic developments in the real estate markets of those areas. 

 -5- 
 
 In the event that we have a concentration of properties in a particular geographic area, our operating results and ability to make distributions are likely to be impacted by economic changes affecting the real estate markets in that area. A stockholder&#146;s investment will be subject to greater risk to the extent that we lack a geographically diversified portfolio of properties. For example, as of December 31, 2007, approximately 6%, 6%, 8%, 15% and 15% of our base rental income of our consolidated portfolio, excluding our lodging facilities, was generated by properties located in the Dallas, Washington, D.C., Minneapolis, Chicago and Houston metropolitan areas, respectively. Consequently, our financial condition and ability to make distributions could be materially and adversely affected by any significant adverse developments in those markets. 
 
 Additionally, at December 31, 2007, thirty-nine of our lodging facilities, or approximately 51% of our lodging portfolio, were located in the eight eastern seaboard states ranging from Connecticut to Florida, including thirteen hotels located in North Carolina. Thus, adverse events in these areas, such as recessions, hurricanes or other natural disasters, could cause a loss of revenues from these hotels. Further, several of the hotels are located near the Atlantic Ocean and are exposed to more severe weather than hotels located inland. Elements such as salt water and humidity can increase or accelerate wear on the hotels&#146; weatherproofing and mechanical, electrical and other systems, and cause mold issues. As a result, we may incur additional operating costs and expenditures for capital improvements at these hotels. This geographic concentration also exposes us to risks of oversupply and competition in these markets. Significant increases in the supply of certain property types, including hotels, without corresponding increases in demand could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our ability to pay distributions. 
 
 We may be unable to sell assets if or when we decide to do so. 
 
 Our ability to sell real estate assets is limited by the provisions governing our continued qualifications as a REIT as well as by many other factors, such as general economic conditions, the availability of financing, interest rates and the supply and demand for the particular asset type. These factors are beyond our control. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any real estate asset on favorable terms and conditions, if at all, or the length of time needed to sell an asset. 
 
 If we sell properties by providing financing to purchasers, we will bear the risk of default by the purchaser. 
 
 We may, from time to time, sell a property or other asset by providing financing to the purchaser. There are no limits or restrictions on our ability to accept purchase money obligations secured by a mortgage as payment for the purchase price. The terms of payment to us will be affected by custom in the area where the property being sold is located and then-prevailing economic conditions. If we receive promissory notes or other property in lieu of cash from property sales, the distribution of the proceeds of sales to our stockholders, or reinvestment in other properties, will be delayed until the promissory notes or other property are actually paid, sold, refinanced or otherwise disposed. In some cases, we may receive initial down payments in cash and other property in the year of sale in an amount less than the selling price and subsequent payments will be spread over a number of years. We will bear the risk of default by the purchaser and may incur significant litigation costs in enforcing our rights against the purchaser. Defaults by any purchaser under any financing arrangement with us could, therefore, adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and our ability to pay distributions. 
 
 We may be contractually obligated to purchase property even if we are unable to secure financing for the acquisition. 
 
 We typically finance a portion of the purchase price for each property that we acquire. However, to ensure that our offers are as competitive as possible, we generally do not enter into contracts to purchase property that include financing contingencies. Thus, we may be contractually obligated to purchase a property even if we are unable to secure financing for the acquisition. In this event, we may choose to close on the property by using cash on hand, which would result in less cash available for our operations and distributions to stockholders. Alternatively, we may choose not to close on the acquisition of the property and default on the purchase contract. If we default on any purchase contract, we could lose our earnest money and become subject to liquidated or other contractual damages and remedies. These consequences would adversely affect our revenues, diminish our portfolio and reduce the cash available for distribution. 
 
 Our operating results may be negatively affected by potential development and construction delays and the resulting increase in costs and risks. 
 
 Investing in properties under development, and in lodging facilities, which typically must be renovated or otherwise improved on a regular basis including renovations and improvements required by existing franchise agreements, subjects 

 -6- 
 
 us to uncertainties such as the ability to achieve desired zoning for development, environmental concerns of governmental entities or community groups, ability to control construction costs or to build in conformity with plans, specifications and timetables. Delays in completing construction also could give tenants the right to terminate preconstruction leases for space at a newly-developed project. We may incur additional risks when we make periodic progress payments or advance other costs to third parties prior to completing construction. These and other factors can increase the costs of a project or cause us to lose our investment. In addition, we will be subject to normal lease-up risks relating to newly constructed projects. Furthermore, we must rely upon projections of rental income and expenses and estimates of fair market value upon completing construction when agreeing upon a price to be paid for the property at the time we acquire the property. If our projections are inaccurate, we may pay too much for a property, and our return on investment could suffer, thus impacting our ability to pay distributions. 
 
 We may incur significant costs to comply with the Americans With Disabilities Act. 
 
 Investment in real estate assets also may be subject to the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended. Under this act, all places of public accommodation are required to comply with federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. The act has separate compliance requirements for &#147;public accommodations&#148; and &#147;commercial facilities&#148; that generally require that buildings and services be made accessible and available to people with disabilities. The act&#146;s requirements could require us to remove access barriers and could result in the imposition of injunctive relief, monetary penalties or, in some cases, an award of damages. We attempt to acquire properties that comply with the act or place the burden on the seller or other third party, such as a tenant, to ensure compliance with the act. We may, however, be required to spend significant monies to comply with this act. 
 
 We may have increased exposure to liabilities as a result of any participation by us in Section 1031 Exchange Transactions. 
 
 We have entered into, and may continue to enter into, transactions that qualify for like-kind exchange treatment under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code (a &#147;1031 Exchange Transaction&#148;). Real estate acquired through a 1031 Exchange Transaction is commonly structured as the acquisition of real estate owned in co-tenancy arrangements with persons (1031 Participants) in tax pass-through entities, including single-member limited liability companies or similar entities. Changes in tax laws may adversely affect 1031 Exchange Transactions. Owning co-tenancy interests involves risks generally not otherwise present with an investment in real estate such as: 
 
 &#183; 
 the risk that a co-tenant may at any time have economic or business interests or goals that are or that become inconsistent with our business interests or goals; 
 
 &#183; 
 the risk that a co-tenant may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives; or 
 
 &#183; 
 the possibility that a co-tenant might become insolvent or bankrupt, which may be an event of default under mortgage loan financing documents or allow a bankruptcy court to reject the tenants in common agreement or management agreement entered into by the co-tenants owning interests in the property. 
 
 Actions by a co-tenant might have the result of subjecting the property to liabilities in excess of those contemplated and may have the effect of reducing an investor&#146;s returns. 
 
 If our interests become adverse to those of the other co-tenants in a 1031 Exchange Transaction, we may not have the contractual right to purchase the co-tenancy interests from the other co-tenants. Even if we are given the opportunity to purchase the co-tenancy interests, we cannot guarantee that we will have sufficient funds available to complete a purchase. 
 
 In addition, we may desire to sell our co-tenancy interests in a given property at a time when the other co-tenants do not desire to sell their interests. Therefore, we may not be able to sell our interest in a property at the time we would like to sell. We also expect it to be more difficult to find a willing buyer for our co-tenancy interests in a property than it would be to find a buyer for a property we owned outright. Further, agreements that contain obligations to acquire unsold co-tenancy interests in properties may be viewed by institutional lenders as a contingent liability against our cash or other assets, limiting our ability to borrow funds in the future. 

 -7- 
 
 Neither we nor our business manager or its affiliates have experience in the lodging industry. 
 
 We have only recently acquired lodging assets and neither our business manager nor its affiliates have extensive experience in this industry. Lodging properties present challenges that are different from the challenges presented by owning other property types. There is no assurance we will be able to oversee management of these properties in an efficient manner or that we will be able to integrate and adapt the existing systems and procedures of any entity that we have acquired or may acquire to our existing systems and procedures. Failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 The hotel market is highly competitive and generally subject to greater volatility than our other market segments. 
 
 The hotel business is highly competitive and influenced by factors such as location, room rates and quality, service levels, reputation and reservation systems, among many other factors. There are many competitors in the lodging market, and these competitors may have substantially greater marketing and financial resources than those available to us. This competition, along with other factors, such as over-building in the hotel industry and certain deterrents to traveling, may increase the number of rooms available and may decrease the average occupancy and room rates of our hotels. The demand for our hotel rooms will change much more rapidly than the demand for space at our other properties such as office buildings and shopping centers. This volatility in room demand, the price paid on a nightly or daily basis for the room and occupancy rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 Because we are a REIT, we must rely on third parties to operate our hotels. 
 
 To continue qualifying as a REIT, we may not, among other things, operate any hotel, or directly participate in the decisions affecting the daily operations of any hotel. Thus, we have retained third party managers to operate our hotel properties. We do not have the authority to directly control any particular aspect of the daily operations of any hotel, such as setting room rates. Thus, even if we believe our hotels are being operated in an inefficient or sub-optimal manner, we may not be able to require an immediate change to the method of operation. Our only alternative for changing the operation of our hotels may be to replace the third party manager of one or more hotels in situations where the applicable management agreement permits us to terminate the existing manager. Certain of these agreements may not be terminated without cause, which generally includes fraud, misrepresentation and other illegal acts. Even if we terminate or replace any manager, there is no assurance that we will be able to find another manager or that we will be able to enter into new management agreements favorable to us. Any change of hotel management would cause a disruption in operations that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 Conditions of franchise agreements could adversely affect us. 
 
 As of December 31, 2007, all of our wholly owned or partially owned properties were operated under franchises with nationally recognized franchisors including Marriott International, Inc., Hilton Hotels Corporation, Intercontinental Hotels Group PLC and Choice Hotels International. These agreements generally contain specific standards for, and restrictions and limitations on, the operation and maintenance of a hotel in order to maintain uniformity within the franchisor&#146;s system. These standards are subject to change over time, in some cases at the discretion of the franchisor, and may restrict our ability to make improvements or modifications to a hotel without the consent of the franchisor. Conversely, these standards may require us to make certain improvements or modifications to a hotel, even if we do not believe the capital improvements are necessary or desirable or will result in an acceptable return on our investment. Compliance with these standards could require us to incur significant expenses or capital expenditures, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 These agreements also permit the franchisor to terminate the agreement in certain cases such as a failure to pay royalties and fees or perform our other covenants under the franchise agreement, bankruptcy, abandonment of the franchise, commission of a felony, assignment of the franchise without the consent of the franchisor or failure to comply with applicable law or maintain applicable standards in the operation and condition of the relevant hotel. If a franchise license terminates due to our failure to make required improvements or to otherwise comply with its terms, we may be liable to the franchisor for a termination payment. These payments vary. Also, these franchise agreements do not renew automatically. We received notice from a franchisor that the franchise license agreements for two hotels, aggregating 319 rooms, which expire in March 2009 and November 2010, will not be renewed. There can be no assurance that other licenses will be renewed upon the expiration thereof. The loss of a number of franchise licenses and the related 

 -8- 
 
 termination payments could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 Investments in real estate related securities subjects us to specific risks relating to the particular issuer of the securities. 
 
 Consistent with our business plan, we invest in securities issued by publicly traded real estate companies. Investing in securities involves risks that are somewhat different from those impacting other real estate assets. The trading market for securities may be more volatile than the market for property assets and thus trading prices may change more quickly and dramatically than the changes in property values. We also are exposed not only to general market risk relating to securities or property assets in general but also to the risks associated with investing in a particular entity, including its financial condition and the business outlook of the issuer. There is no assurance that we will be able to quickly vary our portfolio in response to volatile or changing market conditions which could have material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may invest directly in, or acquire REITs or other real estate operating companies that invest in, mortgage-related assets and, therefore, may be subject to the risks associated with mortgage-related securities. 
 
 We may invest directly in, or acquire REITs or other real estate operating companies that invest in, mortgage-related assets. There are various risks associated with mortgage-related assets including: 
 
 &#183; 
 fluctuations in value due to changes in interest rates; 
 
 &#183; 
 interest rate caps on adjustable mortgage-backed securities; 
 
 &#183; 
 increases in levels of prepayments; 
 
 &#183; 
 fluctuations in the market value of mortgage-backed securities; 
 
 &#183; 
 increases in borrower defaults; 
 
 &#183; 
 decreases in the value of property underlying mortgage-backed securities; and 
 
 &#183; 
 conflicts between the debt structure used to acquire a mortgage and the debt structure of the mortgages. 
 
 Actions of our joint venture partners could negatively impact our performance. 
 
 As of December 31, 2007, we had entered into joint venture agreements with 12 entities to fund the development or acquisition of office, industrial/distribution, retail, lodging, healthcare and mixed use properties. We have invested a total of approximately $500 million in cash in these joint ventures, which we do not consolidate for financial reporting purposes. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of available funds that we may invest in these joint ventures, and we intend to continue to develop and acquire properties through joint ventures with other persons or entities when warranted by the circumstances. The venture partners may share certain approval rights over major decisions and these investments may involve risks not otherwise present with other methods of investment in real estate, including, but not limited to: 
 
 &#183; 
 that our co-member, co-venturer or partner in an investment might become bankrupt, which would mean that we and any other remaining general partners, members or co-venturers would generally remain liable for the partnership&#146;s, limited liability company&#146;s or joint venture&#146;s liabilities; 
 
 &#183; 
 that our co-member, co-venturer or partner may at any time have economic or business interests or goals which are or which become inconsistent with our business interests or goals; 
 
 &#183; 
 that our co-member, co-venturer or partner may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives, including our current policy with respect to maintaining our qualification as a REIT; 

 -9- 
 
 &#183; 
 that, if our partners fail to fund their share of any required capital contributions, we may be required to contribute that capital; 
 
 &#183; 
 that joint venture, limited liability company and partnership agreements often restrict the transfer of a co-venturer&#146;s, member&#146;s or partner&#146;s interest or may otherwise restrict our ability to sell the interest when we desire or on advantageous terms; 
 
 &#183; 
 that our relationships with our partners, co-members or co-venturers are contractual in nature and may be terminated or dissolved under the terms of the agreements and, in such event, we may not continue to own or operate the interests or assets underlying such relationship or may need to purchase such interests or assets at an above-market price to continue ownership; 
 
 &#183; 
 that disputes between us and our partners, co-members or co-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and directors from focusing their time and effort on our business and result in subjecting the properties owned by the applicable partnership, limited liability company or joint venture to additional risk; and 
 
 &#183; 
 that we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our partners, co-members or co-venturers. 
 
 We generally seek to maintain sufficient control of our ventures to permit us to achieve our business objectives; however, we may not be able to do so, and the occurrence of one or more of the events described above could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 We may invest in collateralized mortgage-backed securities, which may increase our exposure to credit and interest rate risk. 
 
 We may invest in collateralized mortgage-backed securities, which may increase our exposure to credit and interest rate risk. In this context, credit risk is the risk that borrowers will default on the mortgages underlying the collateralized mortgage-backed securities. Interest rate risk occurs as prevailing market interest rates change relative to the current yield on the collateralized mortgage-backed securities. For example, when interest rates fall, borrowers are more likely to prepay their existing mortgages to take advantage of the lower cost of financing. As prepayments occur, principal is returned to the holders of the collateralized mortgage-backed securities sooner than expected, thereby lowering the effective yield on the investment. On the other hand, when interest rates rise, borrowers are more likely to maintain their existing mortgages. As a result, prepayments decrease, thereby extending the average maturity of the mortgages underlying the collateralized mortgage-backed securities. If we are unable to manage these risks effectively, our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions will be adversely affected. 
 
 Any mortgage loans that we originate or purchase are subject to the risks of delinquency and foreclosure. 
 
 We may originate and purchase mortgage loans, including indirectly through our lodging subsidiaries. These loans are subject to risks of delinquency and foreclosure, and risks of loss. Typically we do not have recourse to the personal assets of our borrowers. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by an income-producing property depends primarily upon the successful operation of the property rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of the borrower. If the net operating income of the property is reduced, the borrower&#146;s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. A property&#146;s net operating income can be affected by, among other things: 
 
 &#183; 
 increased costs, including, with respect to our lodging facilities, added costs imposed by franchisors for improvements or operating changes required, from time to time, under the franchise agreements; 
 
 &#183; 
 property management decisions; 
 
 &#183; 
 property location and condition; 
 
 &#183; 
 competition from comparable types of properties; 
 
 &#183; 
 changes in specific industry segments; 

 -10- 

 &#183; 
 declines in regional or local real estate values, or occupancy rates; and 
 
 &#183; 
 increases in interest rates, real estate tax rates and other operating expenses. 
 
 We bear the risks of loss of principal to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the principal and accrued interest of the mortgage loan, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations and limit amounts available for distribution. In the event of the bankruptcy of a mortgage loan borrower, the mortgage loan to that borrower will be deemed to be collateralized only to the extent of the value of the underlying collateral at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the lien securing the mortgage loan will be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession to the extent the lien is unenforceable under state law. Foreclosure of a mortgage loan can be an expensive and lengthy process that could have a substantial negative effect on our anticipated return on the foreclosed mortgage loan. We may also be forced to foreclose on certain properties, be unable to sell these properties and be forced to incur substantial expenses to improve operations at the property. 
 
 There are conflicts of interest between us and affiliates of our sponsor that may affect our acquisition of properties and financial performance. 
 
 Our operation and management may be influenced or affected by conflicts of interest arising out of our relationship with entities sponsored by our sponsor. The business plans of these entities focus on purchasing shopping centers located throughout the United States. Each of these entities also may purchase single tenant net-leased properties located anywhere in the United States. We compete with these entities to the extent we seek to acquire shopping centers and single tenant net-leased properties. The resolution of conflicts in favor of other entities would result in our losing investment opportunities. 
 
 We do not have our own acquisition group. 
 
 Except for the persons employed by our lodging and student housing subsidiaries, we do not employ directly any person(s) responsible for identifying and acquiring properties or other real estate assets. Instead, we rely on entities affiliated with our sponsor such as IREA, Inland Capital Markets Group, Inc. and Inland Institutional Capital Partners Corporation to identify and acquire other real estate assets. Other entities formed and organized by our sponsor likewise utilize these entities to identify and acquire real estate assets, including the type of assets that we seek to acquire. IREA is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of The Inland Group, Inc. Mr. Parks is a director of The Inland Group and two of the other REITs formed and organized by our sponsor. Ms. Gujral is a director of our sponsor and one of the other REITs. Under the property acquisition agreement we have entered into with IREA, we have been granted certain rights to acquire all properties, REITs or real estate operating companies IREA identifies, acquires or obtains the right to acquire. This right is subject to prior rights granted by IREA to other REITs formed and organized by our sponsor, which grant these entities rights superior to ours to acquire neighborhood retail facilities, community centers or single-user properties located throughout the United States. The agreement with IREA may result in a property being offered to another entity, even though we may also be interested in, and have the ability to acquire, the subject property. 
 
 We may make a mortgage loan to affiliates of, or entities sponsored by, our sponsor. 
 
 If we have excess working capital, we may, from time to time, and subject to the conditions in our articles, make a mortgage loan to affiliates of, or entities sponsored by, our sponsor. These loan arrangements will not be negotiated at arm&#146;s length and may contain terms and conditions that are not in our best interest and would not otherwise be applicable if we entered into arrangements with a third-party borrower not affiliated with these entities. Further, defaults on any of these loans could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 Although our sponsor or its affiliates previously have agreed to forgo or defer advisor fees in an effort to maximize cash available for distribution by the other REITs sponsored by our sponsor, our business manager is under no obligation, and may not agree, to continue to forgo or defer its business management fee. 
 
 From time to time, our sponsor or its affiliates have agreed to either forgo or defer a portion of the business management fee due them from the other REITs sponsored by our sponsor to ensure that each REIT generated sufficient cash from operating, investing and financing activities to pay distributions while continuing to raise capital and acquire properties. For the year ended December 31, 2007, we incurred business management fees of $9 million, or approximately 0.20% of 

 -11- 
 
 our average invested assets on an annual basis, as well as investment advisory fees of approximately $2.1 million, together which are less than the full 1% fee that the business manager is entitled to receive. In each case, our sponsor or its affiliates, including our business manager, determined the amounts that would be forgone or deferred in their sole discretion and, in some cases, were paid the deferred amounts in later periods. In the case of Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., or &#147;Inland Western,&#148; our sponsor also advanced monies to Inland Western to pay distributions. There is no assurance that our business manager will continue to forgo or defer all or a portion of its business management fee during the periods that we are raising capital, which may affect our ability to pay distributions or have less cash available to acquire real estate assets. 
 
 Borrowings may reduce the funds available for distribution and increase the risk of loss since defaults may cause us to lose the properties securing the loans. 
 
 In some instances, we acquire real estate assets by using either existing financing or borrowing new monies. Our articles generally limit the total amount we may borrow to 300% of our net assets. In addition, we may obtain loans secured by some or all of our properties or other assets to fund additional acquisitions or operations including to satisfy the requirement that we distribute at least 90% of our annual &#147;REIT taxable income&#148; to our stockholders, or as is otherwise necessary or advisable to assure that we continue to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Payments required on any amounts we borrow reduce the funds available for, among other things, distributions to our stockholders because cash otherwise available for distribution is required to pay principal and interest associated with amounts we borrow. 
 
 Defaults on loans secured by a property we own may result in us losing the property or properties securing the loan that is in default as a result of foreclosure actions initiated by a lender. For tax purposes, a foreclosure would be treated as a sale of the property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the property. If the outstanding balance of the debt exceeds our tax basis in the property, we would recognize taxable gain on the foreclosure but would not receive any cash proceeds. We also may fully or partially guarantee any monies that subsidiaries borrow to purchase or operate real estate assets. In these cases, we will be responsible to the lender for repaying the loans if the subsidiary is unable to do so. If any mortgage contains cross-collateralization or cross-default provisions, more than one property may be affected by a default. If any of our properties are foreclosed upon due to a default, our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions will be adversely affected. 
 
 Financing our future growth plan could be impacted by negative capital market conditions. 
 
 Recently, domestic financial markets have experienced unusual volatility and uncertainty. Although this condition has occurred most visibly within the &#147;subprime&#148; mortgage lending sector of the credit market, liquidity has tightened in overall domestic financial markets, including the investment grade debt and equity capital markets. Consequently, there is greater uncertainty regarding our ability to access the credit market in order to attract financing on reasonable terms. Our ability to finance our acquisitions could be adversely affected by our inability to secure permanent financing on reasonable terms, if at all. 
 
 If we are unable to borrow at favorable rates, we may not be able to acquire new properties, REITs or other real estate operating companies, which could reduce our income and the amount of distributions that we can make. 
 
 If we are unable to borrow money at favorable rates, we may be unable to acquire additional real estate assets or refinance existing loans at maturity. Further, we may enter into loan agreements or other credit arrangements that require us to pay interest on amounts we borrow at variable or &#147;adjustable&#148; rates. Increases in interest rates increase our interest costs. If interest rates are higher when we refinance our loans, our expenses will increase and we may not be able to pass on this added cost in the form of increased rents, thereby reducing our cash flow and the amount available for distribution. Further, during periods of rising interest rates, we may be forced to sell one or more of our properties in order to repay existing loans, which may not permit us to maximize the return on the particular properties being sold. 
 
 Lenders may restrict certain aspects of our operations, which could, among other things, limit our ability to make distributions. 
 
 The terms and conditions contained in any of our loan documents may require us to maintain cash reserves, limit the aggregate amount we may borrow on a secured and unsecured basis, require us to satisfy restrictive financial covenants, prevent us from entering into certain business transactions, such as a merger, sale of assets or other business combination, restrict our leasing operations or require us to obtain consent from the lender to complete transactions or make 

 -12- 
 
 investments that are ordinarily approved only by our board of directors. In addition, secured lenders may restrict our ability to discontinue insurance coverage on a mortgaged property even though we may believe that the insurance premiums paid to insure against certain losses, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution or environmental matters, are greater than the potential risk of loss. Any restrictions on us or our operations also could limit our ability to pay distributions. 
 
 If we do not have sufficient working capital, we will have to obtain financing from other sources. 
 
 If we do not have sufficient working capital, we will have to obtain financing from sources affiliated with our sponsor or from unaffiliated third parties to fund our cash requirements. We cannot provide assurance that sufficient financing will be available or, if available, will be available on acceptable terms. Additional borrowing for working capital purposes will increase our interest expense and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 The total amount we may borrow is limited by our articles of incorporation. 
 
 Our articles generally limit the total amount we may borrow to 300% of our net assets. This limit could adversely affect our business, including: 
 
 &#183; 
 limiting our ability to purchase real estate assets; 
 
 &#183; 
 causing us to lose our REIT status if we cannot borrow to fund the monies needed to satisfy the REIT distribution requirements; 
 
 &#183; 
 causing operational problems if there are cash flow shortfalls for working capital purposes; and 
 
 &#183; 
 causing the loss of a property if, for example, financing is necessary to cure a default on a mortgage. 
 
 To hedge against interest rate fluctuations, we may use derivative financial instruments that may be costly and ineffective and may reduce the overall returns on an investor&#146;s investment. 
 
 We may use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on certain loans secured by our assets. Our derivative instruments currently consist of interest rate swap contracts but may, in the future, include, interest rate cap or floor contracts, futures or forward contracts, options or repurchase agreements. Our actual hedging decisions will be determined in light of the facts and circumstances existing at the time of the hedge and may differ from our currently anticipated hedging strategy. 
 
 To the extent that we use derivative financial instruments to hedge against interest rate fluctuations, we are exposed to credit risk, basis risk and legal enforceability risks. In this context, credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. Basis risk occurs when the index upon which the contract is based is more or less variable than the index upon which the hedged asset or liability is based, thereby making the hedge less effective. Finally, legal enforceability risks encompass general contractual risks including the risk that the counterparty will breach the terms of, or fail to perform its obligations under, the derivative contract. There is no assurance we will be able to manage these risks effectively. Failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions will be adversely affected. 
 
 The use of derivative financial instruments may reduce the overall returns on an investor&#146;s investments. We have limited experience with derivative financial instruments and may recognize losses in our use of derivative financial instruments. Any loss will adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 An increase in real estate taxes may decrease our income from properties. 
 
 From time to time the amount we pay for property taxes will increase as either property values increase or assessment rates are adjusted. Increases in a property&#146;s value or in the assessment rate will result in an increase in the real estate taxes due on that property. If we are unable to pass the increase in taxes through to our tenants, our net operating income for the property will decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and ability to pay distributions. 

 -13- 

 The costs of complying with environmental laws and other governmental laws and regulations may adversely affect us. 
 
 All real property and the operations conducted on real property are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and human health and safety. These laws and regulations generally govern wastewater discharges, air emissions, the operation and removal of underground and above-ground storage tanks, the use, storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of solid and hazardous materials, and the remediation of contamination associated with disposals. Some of these laws and regulations may impose joint and several liability on tenants, owners or operators for the costs of investigating or remediating contaminated properties, regardless of fault or whether the original disposal was legal. In addition, the presence of these substances, or the failure to properly remediate these substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell or rent the property or to use the property as collateral for future borrowing. 
 
 Some of these laws and regulations have been amended to require compliance with new or more stringent standards as of future dates. Compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretation of existing laws may require us to spend material amounts of money. Future laws, ordinances or regulations may impose material environmental liability. Further, the condition of our properties may be affected by tenants, the condition of the land, operations in the vicinity of the properties, such as the presence of underground or above-ground storage tanks, or the activities of unrelated third parties. We also are required to comply with various local, state and federal fire, health, life-safety and similar regulations. The cost of complying or failing to comply with all of the environmental laws and other governmental laws and regulations may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 Discovery of previously undetected environmentally hazardous conditions may adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the cost of removing or remediating hazardous or toxic substances on, under or in a property. The costs of removing or remediating could be substantial. These laws often impose liability whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of any hazardous or toxic substances. For instance, portions of the soil and groundwater under our Durham, North Carolina Hampton Inn have been contaminated by one or more leaking underground storage tanks from an adjacent property owned by a third-party. While we believe that liability for future cleanup, if any, of this subsurface contamination most likely would be imposed on the third-party owner of the leaking underground storage tanks and not our subsidiary, we could be responsible for cleaning up this site if the owner of the leaking tanks refused or were financially unable to conduct a cleanup. Environmental laws also may impose restrictions on the manner in which property may be used or businesses that may be operated. These restrictions may require us to spend substantial amounts of money. In addition to the costs of cleanup, environmental contamination can affect the value of a property and, therefore, our ability to borrow funds using the property as collateral or to sell the property. 
 
 Environmental laws provide for sanctions in the event of noncompliance and may be enforced by governmental agencies or, in certain circumstances, by private parties. Certain environmental laws and common law principles could be used to impose liability for release of, and exposure to, hazardous substances, including asbestos-containing materials into the air, and third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury or property damage associated with exposure to hazardous substances. The cost of defending against claims of liability, of complying with environmental regulatory requirements, of remediating any contaminated property, or of paying personal injury claims could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 Our properties may contain or develop harmful mold, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs of remediating the problem. 
 
 The presence of mold at any of our properties could require us to undertake a costly program to remediate, contain or remove the mold. Mold growth may occur when moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Concern about indoor exposure to mold has been increasing because exposure to mold may cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. The presence of mold could expose us to liability from our tenants, their employees and others if property damage or health concerns arise, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 

 -14- 
 
 Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may affect the markets in which we operate, our operations and our profitability. 
 
 Terrorist attacks may negatively affect our operations and an investor&#146;s investment. We may acquire real estate assets located in areas that are susceptible to attack. These attacks may directly impact the value of our assets through damage, destruction, loss or increased security costs. Although we may obtain terrorism insurance, we may not be able to obtain sufficient coverage to fund any losses we may incur. Risks associated with potential acts of terrorism could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. Further, certain losses resulting from these types of events are uninsurable or not insurable at reasonable costs. 
 
 More generally, any terrorist attack, other act of violence or war, including armed conflicts, could result in increased volatility in, or damage to, the United States and worldwide financial markets and economy. Any terrorist incident may, for example, deter people from traveling, which could affect the ability of our hotels to generate operating income and therefore our ability to pay distributions Additionally, increased economic volatility could adversely affect our tenants&#146; ability to pay rent on their leases or our ability to borrow money or issue capital stock at acceptable prices and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions 
 
 Uninsured losses or premiums for insurance coverage may adversely affect an investor&#146;s returns. 
 
 We attempt to adequately insure all of our properties against casualty losses. There are types of losses, generally catastrophic in nature, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution or environmental matters that are uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may be insured subject to limitations, such as large deductibles or co-payments. Risks associated with potential acts of terrorism could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. Additionally, mortgage lenders sometimes require commercial property owners to purchase specific coverage against terrorism as a condition for providing mortgage loans. These policies may not be available at a reasonable cost, if at all, which could inhibit our ability to finance or refinance our properties. In such instances, we may be required to provide other financial support, either through financial assurances or self-insurance, to cover potential losses. If we incur any casualty losses not fully covered by insurance, the value of our assets will be reduced by the amount of the uninsured loss. In addition, other than any reserves we may establish, we have no source of funding to repair or reconstruct any uninsured damaged property, and we cannot provide assurance that any of these sources of funding will be available to us in the future. 
 
 There is no assurance that we will be able to continue paying cash distributions or that distributions will increase over time. 
 
 We intend to continue paying regular monthly cash distributions to our stockholders. However, there are many factors that can affect the availability and timing of cash distributions to stockholders such as our ability to buy, and earn positive yields on, real estate assets, the yields on securities of other entities in which we invest, our operating expense levels, as well as many other variables. Actual cash available for distributions may vary substantially from estimates. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue paying distributions or that the amount of distributions will increase over time. 
 
 Even if we are able to continue paying distributions, the actual amount and timing of distributions is determined by our board of directors in its discretion and typically depends on the amount of funds available for distribution, which depends on items such as current and projected cash requirements and tax considerations. As a result, our distribution rate and payment frequency may vary from time to time. Further, if the aggregate amount of cash distributed in any given year exceeds the amount of our &#147;REIT taxable income&#148; generated during the year, the excess amount will be deemed a return of capital to the extent of an investor&#146;s tax basis and thereafter shall result in the recognition of capital gain (long-term or short-term, depending on whether the investor has held an investor&#146;s stock for more than a year). 
 
 Our share repurchase program may be amended, suspended or terminated by our board of directors at any time without stockholder approval, reducing the potential liquidity of a stockholder&#146;s investment. 
 
 Our share repurchase program is designed to provide eligible stockholders with limited, interim liquidity by enabling them to sell their shares back to us. Our board of directors, however, may amend, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program at any time in its sole discretion without stockholder approval. Any amendments to, or suspension or termination of, the share repurchase program may restrict or eliminate a stockholder&#146;s ability to resell shares to us. 

 -15- 
 
 Investors&#146; returns may be reduced if we are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 We are not registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. If we fail to maintain an exemption or other exclusion from registration as an investment company, we could, among other things, be required either (a) to substantially change the manner in which we conduct our operations to avoid registering as an investment company or (b) to register as an investment company. If we were registered as an investment company, we would have to comply with a variety of substantive requirements that would: 
 
 &#183; 
 place limits on our capital structure; 
 
 &#183; 
 impose restrictions on specified investments; 
 
 &#183; 
 prohibit transactions with affiliates; and 
 
 &#183; 
 require us to comply with reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy disclosure and other rules and regulations that would significantly change our operations. 
 
 To maintain the exemption, we must engage primarily in the business of buying or investing in real estate. In addition, to comply with the exemptions, we may be unable to sell assets we would otherwise want to sell and may need to sell assets we would otherwise want to retain. In addition, we may have to acquire assets that generate additional income or loss that we might not otherwise have acquired or may have to forgo opportunities to acquire assets that we would otherwise want to acquire consistent with our strategy. 
 
 If we were required to register as an investment company but failed to do so, we would be prohibited from engaging in our business, and criminal and civil actions could be brought against us. In addition, our contracts would be unenforceable unless a court was to require enforcement, and a court could appoint a receiver to take control of us and liquidate our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business Manager, Property Managers and their Affiliates 
 
 We do not have arm&#146;s-length agreements with our business manager, property managers or any other affiliates of our sponsor. 
 
 None of the agreements and arrangements with our business manager, property managers and other affiliates of our sponsor was negotiated at arm&#146;s length. These agreements may contain terms and conditions that are not in our best interest and would not otherwise be applicable if we entered into arm&#146;s-length agreements with third parties. 
 
 Our business manager receives fees based upon our invested assets and, in certain cases, the purchase price for these assets, and may recommend that we make investments in an attempt to increase its fees. 
 
 Our business manager receives fees based on the aggregate book value, including acquired intangibles, of our invested assets and on the purchase price paid to acquire interests in REITs or other real estate operating companies. The book value of our assets includes amounts borrowed to acquire these assets. Also, we will pay our business manager a fee each time we acquire a REIT or other real estate operating company. Our business manager may, therefore: (1) borrow more money than prudent to increase the amount we can invest; (2) retain instead of sell assets; or (3) avoid reducing the carrying value of assets that may otherwise be viewed as impaired. Further, because we will pay our business manager a fee when we acquire a controlling interest in a REIT or other real estate operating company but not a fee interest in real estate, our business manager may focus on, and recommend, acquiring REITs or other real estate operating companies even if fee interests in real estate assets generate better returns. 
 
 We pay significant fees to our business manager, property managers and other affiliates of our sponsor and cannot predict the amount of fees to be paid. 
 
 We pay significant fees to our business manager, property managers and other affiliates of our sponsor for services provided to us. Because these fees generally are based on the amount of our invested assets, the purchase price for these assets or the revenues generated by our properties, we cannot predict the amounts that we will ultimately pay to these 

 -16- 
 
 entities. In addition, because employees of our business manager are given broad discretion to determine when to consummate a particular real estate transaction, we rely on these persons to dictate the level of our business activity. Fees paid to our business manager, property managers and other affiliates of our sponsor reduce funds available for distribution to our stockholders. We have also issued stock to our business manager for acquisition fee that could have a dilutive effect on our stockholders. 
 
 Our sponsor may face a conflict of interest in allocating personnel and resources between its affiliates, our business manager and property managers. 
 
 We rely on persons employed by our business manager and property managers to manage our day-to-day operations. Some of these individuals, including two of our directors, Ms. Gujral and Mr. Parks, who serve as our president and chairman of the board, respectively, also are employed by our sponsor or its affiliates, and may provide services to one or more investment programs previously sponsored by our sponsor. These individuals face competing demands for their time and service and may have conflicts in allocating their time between our business and the business of our sponsor, its affiliates and the other entities formed and organized by our sponsor. These individuals may not be able to devote all of their time and resources to our business even if needed, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 We acquire real estate assets from affiliates of our sponsor in transactions in which the price is not the result of arm&#146;s length negotiations. 
 
 We have acquired real estate assets from affiliates of our sponsor, and may do so in the future. Although the purchase price we paid for the assets was equal to the price paid for the assets by the affiliate plus any costs incurred by the affiliate in acquiring or financing the property or asset, it is possible that we could have negotiated a better price if we had negotiated directly with the seller. 
 
 From time to time, we purchase real estate assets from persons who have prior business relationships with affiliates of our sponsor. Our interests in these transactions may be different from the interests of affiliates in these transactions. 
 
 From time to time, we purchase real estate assets from third parties who have existing or previous business relationships with entities affiliated with our sponsor. The officers, directors or employees of our business manager, Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, our property managers, Inland Capital Markets Group, Inc. or Inland Institutional Capital Partners Corporation who also perform services for our sponsor or these other affiliates may have a conflict in representing our interests in these transactions on the one hand and the interests of our sponsor and its affiliates in preserving or furthering their respective relationships on the other hand. We may, therefore, end up paying a higher price to acquire the asset or sell the asset for a lower price than we would if these other relationships did not exist. 
 
 Federal Income Tax Risks 
 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, our operations and distributions to stockholders will be adversely affected. 
 
 We intend to operate so as to continue qualifying as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. A REIT generally is not taxed at the corporate level on income it currently distributes to its stockholders. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex rules for which there are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations. The determination of various factual matters and circumstances is not entirely within our control and may affect our ability to qualify, or continue to qualify, as a REIT. In addition, new legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly change the tax laws with respect to qualifying as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of qualification. 
 
 If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year: 
 
 &#183; 
 we would not be allowed to deduct distributions paid to stockholders when computing our taxable income; 
 
 &#183; 
 we would be subject to federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) on our taxable income at regular corporate rates; 

 -17- 
 
 &#183; 
 we would be disqualified from being taxed as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we failed to qualify, unless entitled to relief under certain statutory provisions; 
 
 &#183; 
 we would have less cash to pay distributions to stockholders; and 
 
 &#183; 
 we may be required to borrow additional funds or sell some of our assets in order to pay corporate tax obligations we may incur as a result of being disqualified. 
 
 Distributions to tax-exempt investors may be classified as unrelated business tax income. 
 
 The Internal Revenue Code may classify distributions paid to a tax-exempt investor as unrelated business tax income, or UBTI, if the investor borrows money to purchase our shares. 
 
 If our assets are deemed to be ERISA plan assets, our business manager and we may be exposed to liability under Title I of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 In some circumstances where an ERISA plan holds an interest in an entity, the assets of the entire entity are deemed to be ERISA plan assets unless an exception applies. This is known as the &#147;look-through rule.&#148; Under those circumstances, the obligations and other responsibilities of plan sponsors, plan fiduciaries and plan administrators, and of parties in interest and disqualified persons, under Title I of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable, may be applicable, and there may be liability under these and other provisions of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code. If we are exposed to liability under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code, our performance and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 In certain circumstances, we may be subject to federal and state income taxes as a REIT, which would reduce our cash available to pay distributions 
 
 Even if we maintain our status as a REIT, we may become subject to federal income taxes and related state taxes. For example, if we have net income from a &#147;prohibited transaction,&#148; we will incur taxes equal to the full amount of the income from the prohibited transaction. We may not be able to make sufficient distributions to avoid excise taxes applicable to REITs. We also may decide to retain income we earn from the sale or other disposition of our property and pay income tax directly on this income. In that event, our stockholders would be treated as if they earned that income and paid the tax on it directly. However, stockholders that are tax-exempt, such as charities or qualified pension plans, would have no benefit from their deemed payment of the tax liability. We also may be subject to state and local taxes on our income or property, either directly or at the level of the other companies through which we indirectly own our assets. Any federal or state taxes paid by us will reduce our cash available to pay distributions. 
 
 Equity participation in mortgage loans may result in taxable income and gains from these properties, which could adversely impact our REIT status. 
 
 If we participate under a mortgage loan in any appreciation of the properties securing the mortgage loan or its cash flow and the Internal Revenue Service characterizes this participation as &#147;equity,&#148; we might have to recognize income, gains and other items from the property. This could affect our ability to maintain our status as a REIT. 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively. 
 
 The REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code may limit our ability to hedge the risks inherent to our operations. Under current law, any income that we generate from derivatives or other transactions intended to hedge our interest rate risk generally will constitute income that does not qualify for purposes of the 75% income requirement applicable to REITs, and also will be treated as nonqualifying income for purposes of the 95% income test also applicable to REITs unless specified requirements are met. In addition, any income from foreign currency or other hedging transactions would generally constitute nonqualifying income for purposes of both the 75% and 95% income tests. As a result of these rules, we may have to limit the use of hedging techniques that might otherwise be advantageous, which could result in greater risks associated with interest rate or other changes than we would otherwise incur. 

 -18- 
 
 Other Risks Related to an Investment in Our Shares 
 
 Your interest in us will be diluted if we issue additional shares. 
 
 Stockholders do have preemptive rights to any shares issued by us in the future. Our articles authorize us to issue up to 1.5 billion shares of capital stock, of which 1.46 billion shares are designated as common stock and 40 million are designated as preferred stock. We may, in the sole discretion of our board: 
 
 &#183; 
 sell additional shares in our current offering or future offerings; 
 
 &#183; 
 issue equity interests in a private offering of securities; 
 
 &#183; 
 classify or reclassify any unissued shares of preferred stock by setting or changing the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications, or terms or conditions of redemption of the preferred stock; 
 
 &#183; 
 issue shares of our capital stock on the exercise of options granted to our independent directors or employees of our business manager, property managers, Inland Real Estate Acquisitions or their affiliates; 
 
 &#183; 
 issue shares of our capital stock in exchange for real estate assets; or 
 
 &#183; 
 issue shares of our capital stock to our business manager or property managers in connection with any business combination between us and any of them. 
 
 In addition, we may issue shares to our business manager or its designee to pay certain acquisition fees. 
 
 Maryland law and our organizational documents limit an investor&#146;s right to bring claims against our officers and directors. 
 
 Subject to the limitations set forth in our articles, a director will not have any liability for monetary damages under Maryland law so long as he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interest, and with the care that an ordinary prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. In addition, our articles, in the case of our directors, officers, employees and agents, and the business management agreement and the property management agreements, with our business manager and property managers, respectively, require us to indemnify these persons for actions taken by them in good faith and without negligence or misconduct, or, in the case of our independent directors, actions taken in good faith without gross negligence or willful misconduct. Moreover, we may enter into separate indemnification agreements with each of our directors and some of our executive officers. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against these persons than might otherwise exist under common law. In addition, we may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by these persons in some cases. 
 
 Our board of directors may, in the future, adopt certain measures under Maryland law without stockholder approval that may have the effect of making it less likely that investors would receive a &#147;control premium&#148; for their shares. 
 
 Corporations organized under Maryland law are permitted to protect themselves from unsolicited proposals or offers to acquire the company. Although we are not subject to these provisions, our stockholders could approve an amendment to our articles eliminating this restriction. If we do become subject to these provisions, our board of directors would have the power under Maryland law to, among other things, amend our articles without stockholder approval to: 
 
 &#183; 
 stagger our board of directors into three classes; 
 
 &#183; 
 require a two-thirds vote of stockholders to remove directors; 
 
 &#183; 
 empower only remaining directors to fill any vacancies on the board; 
 
 &#183; 
 provide that only the board can fix the size of the board; 

 -19- 

 &#183; 
 provide that all vacancies on the board, regardless of how the vacancy was created, may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office; and 
 
 &#183; 
 require that special stockholders meetings be called only by holders of a majority of the voting shares entitled to be cast at the meeting. 
 
 These provisions may discourage an extraordinary transaction, such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, all of which might provide a premium price for an investor&#146;s shares. 
 
 Further, under the Maryland Business Combination Act, we may not engage in any merger or other business combination with an &#147;interested stockholder&#148; or any affiliate of that interested stockholder for a period of five years after the most recent purchase of stock by the interested stockholder. After the five-year period ends, any merger or other business combination with the interested stockholder must be recommended by our board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 
 
 &#183; 
 80% of all votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of our voting stock; and 
 
 &#183; 
 two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of our voting stock other than those shares owned or held by the interested stockholder unless, among other things, our stockholders receive a minimum payment for their common stock equal to the highest price paid by the interested stockholder for its common stock. 
 
 Our articles exempt any business combination involving us and The Inland Group or any affiliate of The Inland Group, including our business manager and property managers, from the provisions of this law. 
 
 Our articles place limits on the amount of common stock that any person may own without the prior approval of our board of directors. 
 
 To continue to qualify as a REIT, no more than 50% of the outstanding shares of our common stock may be beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of each taxable year. Our articles prohibit any persons or groups from owning more than 9.8% of our common stock without the prior approval of our board of directors. These provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock. Further, any person or group attempting to purchase shares exceeding these limits could be compelled to sell the additional shares and, as a result, to forfeit the benefits of owning the additional shares. 
 
 Our articles permit our board of directors to issue preferred stock on terms that may subordinate the rights of the holders of our current common stock or discourage a third party from acquiring us. 
 
 Our board of directors is permitted, subject to certain restrictions set forth in our articles, to issue up to forty million shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval. Further, subject to certain restrictions set forth in our articles, our board may classify or reclassify any unissued preferred stock and establish the preferences, conversions or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications, and terms or conditions of redemption of any preferred stock. Thus, our board of directors could authorize us to issue shares of preferred stock with terms and conditions that could subordinate the rights of the holders of our common stock or have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, that might provide a premium price for holders of our common stock. 
 
 Maryland law limits, in some cases, the ability of a third party to vote shares acquired in a &#147;control share acquisition.&#148; 
 
 Under the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act, persons or entities owning &#147;control shares&#148; of a Maryland corporation acquired in a &#147;control share acquisition&#148; have no voting rights with respect to those shares except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the corporation&#146;s disinterested stockholders. Shares of stock owned by the acquirer or by officers or directors who are employees of the corporation, are not considered disinterested for these purposes. &#147;Control 

 -20- 
 
 shares&#148; are shares of stock that, taken together with all other shares of stock the acquirer previously acquired, would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: 
 
 &#183; 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third of all voting power; 
 
 &#183; 
 one-third or more but less than a majority of all voting power; or 
 
 &#183; 
 a majority or more of all voting power. 
 
 Control shares do not include shares of stock the acquiring person is entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A &#147;control share acquisition&#148; means the acquisition of control shares, subject to certain exceptions. The Control Share Acquisition Act does not apply to (1) shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (2) acquisitions approved or exempted by our articles or bylaws. Our articles exempt transactions between us and The Inland Group and its affiliates, including our business manager and property managers, from the limits imposed by the Control Share Acquisition Act. This statute could have the effect of discouraging offers from third parties to acquire us and increase the difficulty of successfully completing this type of offer by anyone other than The Inland Group and its affiliates. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 General 
 
 As of December 31, 2007, we, directly or indirectly, including through joint ventures in which we have a controlling interest, owned fee simple and leasehold interests in 641 properties, excluding our lodging and development properties, located in 33 states. In addition, we, through our wholly owned subsidiaries, Inland American Winston Hotels, Inc., Inland American Orchard Hotels, Inc. and Inland American Lodging Corporation, owned 76 lodging properties in 22 states. We own interests in retail, office, industrial/distribution, multi-family properties, development properties and lodging properties. 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the 10 individual tenants comprising the greatest 2007 annualized base rent based on the properties owned as of December 31, 2007, excluding our lodging and development properties. (Dollar amounts stated in thousands). 

 Tenant Name 
 Type 
 Annualized Base Rental Income ($) 
 % of Total Portfolio Annualized Income 
 Square Footage 
 % of Total Portfolio Square Footage 
 
 AT&T Centers 
 Office 
 44,119 
 11.95% 
 3,600,778 
 10.51% 
 
 SunTrust Bank 
 Retail/Office 
 36,339 
 9.84% 
 1,555,752 
 4.54% 
 
 Citizens Bank 
 Retail 
 18,080 
 4.90% 
 907,005 
 2.65% 
 
 Atlas Cold Storage 
 Industrial/Distribution 
 12,316 
 3.33% 
 1,896,815 
 5.54% 
 
 C&S Wholesalers 
 Industrial/Distribution 
 10,340 
 2.80% 
 1,720,000 
 5.02% 
 
 Stop & Shop 
 Retail 
 10,116 
 2.74% 
 601,652 
 1.76% 
 
 Lockhead Martin 
 Office 
 7,628 
 2.07% 
 340,722 
 0.99% 
 
 Barber-Colman Company 
 Industrial/Distribution 
 6,401 
 1.73% 
 545,000 
 1.59% 
 
 Randall's Food and Drug 
 Retail 
 5,542 
 1.50% 
 650,137 
 1.90% 
 
 Cornerstone Consolidated Services Group 
 Industrial/Distribution 
 5,507 
 1.49% 
 970,168 
 2.83% 

 The following tables set forth certain summary information about the properties as of December 31, 2007 and the location and character of the properties that we own. (Dollar amounts stated in thousands, except for revenue per available room and average daily rate). 

 -21- 
 
 Retail Segment 

 Retail Properties 
 Location 
 GLA Occupied as of 12/31/07 
 % Occupied as of 12/31/07 
 Number of Occupied Tenants as of 12/31/07 
 Mortgage Payable as of 12/31/07 ($) 
 
 SunTrust I Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 988,871 
 100% 
 210 
 258,577 
 
 SunTrust II Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 359,367 
 100% 
 71 
 74,213 
 
 NewQuest Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 1,932,245 
 93% 
 432 
 37,560 
 
 Bradley Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 114,308 
 100% 
 5 
 11,126 
 
 Six Pines Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 1,418,841 
 96% 
 255 
 158,500 
 
 CFG Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 993,926 
 100% 
 160 
 - 
 
 Stop & Shop Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 599,830 
 100% 
 9 
 85,053 
 
 Paradise Shops of Largo 
 Largo, FL 
 50,441 
 92% 
 5 
 7,325 
 
 Triangle Center 
 Longview, WA 
 247,014 
 87% 
 37 
 23,600 
 
 Monadnock Marketplace 
 Keene, NH 
 200,791 
 100% 
 12 
 26,785 
 
 Lakewood Shopping Center, Phase I 
 Margate, FL 
 144,277 
 97% 
 30 
 11,715 
 
 Canfield Plaza 
 Canfield, OH 
 86,839 
 86% 
 9 
 7,575 
 
 Shakopee Shopping Center 
 Shakopee, MN 
 35,972 
 35% 
 1 
 8,800 
 
 Lincoln Mall 
 Lincoln, RI 
 426,879 
 97% 
 39 
 33,835 
 
 Brooks Corner 
 San Antonio, TX 
 158,666 
 95% 
 20 
 14,276 
 
 Fabyan Randall 
 Batavia, IL 
 83,285 
 98% 
 12 
 13,405 
 
 The Market at Hilliard 
 Hilliard, OH 
 107,544 
 93% 
 11 
 11,220 
 
 Buckhorn Plaza 
 Bloomsburg, PA 
 78,159 
 98% 
 14 
 9,025 
 
 Lincoln Village 
 Chicago, IL 
 163,168 
 100% 
 29 
 22,035 
 
 Parkway Center North 
 Grove City, OH 
 125,145 
 96% 
 10 
 - 
 
 Plaza at Eagles Landing 
 Stockbridge, GA 
 29,265 
 88% 
 9 
 5,310 
 
 State Street Market 
 Rockford, IL 
 193,657 
 100% 
 6 
 10,450 
 
 New Forest Crossing II 
 Houston, TX 
 25,080 
 94% 
 7 
 3,438 
 
 Sherman Plaza 
 Evanston, IL 
 137,186 
 91% 
 16 
 30,275 
 
 Parkway Centre North Outlot Building B 
 Grove City, OH 
 10,245 
 100% 
 6 
 - 
 
 Market at Morse/Hamilton 
 Gahanna, OH 
 44,742 
 100% 
 12 
 7,893 
 
 Chesapeake Commons 
 Chesapeake, VA 
 79,476 
 100% 
 3 
 8,950 
 
 Crossroads at Chesapeake Square 
 Chesapeake, VA 
 115,407 
 96% 
 20 
 11,210 
 
 Gravois Dillon Plaza Phase I and II 
 High Ridge, MO 
 141,980 
 99% 
 24 
 12,630 
 
 Pavilions at Hartman Heritage 
 Independence, MO 
 205,225 
 92% 
 24 
 23,450 
 
 Legacy Crossing 
 Marion, OH 
 134,389 
 100% 
 18 
 10,890 
 
 Shallotte Commons 
 Shallotte, NC 
 85,897 
 100% 
 11 
 6,078 
 
 Lakewood Shopping Center, Phase II 
 Margate, FL 
 87,602 
 100% 
 6 
 - 
 
 Northwest Marketplace 
 Houston, TX 
 178,212 
 97% 
 27 
 19,965 
 
 Spring Town Center III 
 Spring, TX 
 19,788 
 65% 
 5 
 - 
 
 Lord Salisbury Center 
 Salisbury, MD 
 106,721 
 94% 
 8 
 12,600 
 
 Riverstone Shopping Center 
 Missouri City, TX 
 264,909 
 87% 
 15 
 - 
 
 Middleburg Crossing 
 Middleburg, FL 
 62,655 
 98% 
 12 
 - 
 
 Washington Park Plaza 
 Homewood, IL 
 228,324 
 100% 
 26 
 30,600 
 
 Wickes - Lake Zurich 
 Lake Zurich, IL 
 42,792 
 100% 
 1 
 5,767 
 
 McKinney Town Center Outlots 
 McKinney, TX 
 17,600 
 100% 
 5 
 - 
 
 Forest Plaza 
 Fond du Lac, WI 
 119,859 
 98% 
 7 
 2,237 
 
 Lakeport Commons 
 Sioux City, IA 
 258,754 
 92% 
 27 
 - 
 
 Penn Park 
 Okalahoma City, OK 
 241,460 
 100% 
 19 
 31,000 
 
 Streets of Cranberry 
 Cranberry Township, PA 
 81,923 
 76% 
 21 
 24,425 
 
 Total Retail Properties 
 11,228,716 
 95% (1) 
 1,706 
 $ 1,071,793 

 (1) 
 weighted average occupancy 
 
 The square footage for Saratoga Town Center, Eldridge Town Center, NTB Eldridge, Blackhawk Town Center, Chili's - Hunting Bayou, Joe's Crab Shack - Hunting Bayou, Antoine Town Center, Friendswood Shopping Center, Stables at Town Center (Phase I and II), Tomball Town Center, Lakewood Shopping Center, Lincoln Mall, Spring Town Center, CyFair Town Center, Lincoln Village, Market at Morse, Fury&#146;s Ferry, The Highlands, Gravois Dillon Plaza, Buckhorn Plaza, Bay Colony town Center, Forest Plaza, Josey Oaks, McKinney Town Center, Penn Park, Riverview Village and Washington Park Plaza includes an aggregate of 506,897 square feet leased to tenants under ground lease agreements. 

 -22- 

 Office Segment 

 Office Properties 
 Location 
 GLA Occupied as of 12/31/07 
 % Occupied as of 12/31/07 
 Number of Occupied Tenants as of 12/31/07 
 Mortgage Payable as of 12/31/07 ($) 
 
 Bradley Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 541,710 
 100% 
 7 
 54,415 
 
 New Quest Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 20,659 
 77% 
 3 
 - 
 
 SunTrust Office I Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 160,260 
 100% 
 8 
 22,560 
 
 SunTrust Office II Georgia 
 Atlanta, GA 
 44,054 
 100% 
 1 
 4,402 
 
 AT&T Cleveland 
 Cleveland, OH 
 431,180 
 96% 
 1 
 29,242 
 
 AT&T St. Louis 
 St. Louis, MO 
 1,461,274 
 100% 
 1 
 112,695 
 
 Bridgeside Point 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 153,110 
 100% 
 1 
 17,325 
 
 Dulles Executive Plaza I and II 
 Herndon, VA 
 346,559 
 91% 
 7 
 68,750 
 
 IDS 
 Minneapolis, MN 
 1,312,317 
 94% 
 230 
 161,000 
 
 Lakeview Technology Center 
 Suffolk, VA 
 110,007 
 100% 
 2 
 14,470 
 
 SBC Center 
 Hoffman Estates, IL 
 1,690,214 
 100% 
 1 
 200,472 
 
 Washington Mutual 
 Arlington, TX 
 239,905 
 100% 
 1 
 20,115 
 
 Worldgate Plaza 
 Herndon, VA 
 322,325 
 100% 
 6 
 59,950 
 
 Total Office Properties 
 6,833,574 
 98% (1) 
 269 
 $ 765,396 

 (1) 
 weighted average occupancy 
 
 Industrial Segment 

 Industrial/Distribution Properties 
 Location 
 GLA Occupied as of 12/31/07 
 % Occupied as of 12/31/07 
 Number of Occupied Tenants as of 12/31/07 
 Mortgage Payable as of 12/31/07 ($) 
 
 Bradley Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 5,926,046 
 88% 
 20 
 206,112 
 
 C&S Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 1,720,000 
 100% 
 4 
 82,500 
 
 Persis Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 583,900 
 100% 
 2 
 - 
 
 McKesson Distribution Center 
 Conroe, TX 
 162,613 
 100% 
 1 
 5,760 
 
 Thermo Process Facility 
 Sugarland, TX 
 150,000 
 100% 
 1 
 8,201 
 
 Schneider Electric 
 Loves Park, IL 
 545,000 
 100% 
 1 
 11,000 
 
 Prologis Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 2,214,005 
 96% 
 38 
 32,450 
 
 Atlas Cold Storage Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 1,896,815 
 100% 
 11 
 - 
 
 Total Industrial/Distribution Properties 
 13,198,379 
 93% (1) 
 78 
 $ 346,023 

 (1) 
 weighted average occupancy 
 
 Multi-family Segment 

 Multi-Family Properties 
 Location 
 GLA Occupied as of 12/31/07 
 % Occupied as of 12/31/07 
 Number of Occupied Units as of 12/31/07 
 Mortgage Payable as of 12/31/07 ($) 
 
 Southgate Apartments 
 Louisville, KY 
 225,200 
 96% 
 247 
 10,725 
 
 Fields Apartment Homes 
 Bloomington, IN 
 304,994 
 95% 
 272 
 18,700 
 
 Waterford Place at Shadow Creek 
 Pearland, TX 
 302,246 
 92% 
 273 
 16,500 
 
 The Landings at Clear Lakes 
 Webster, TX 
 299,151 
 88% 
 322 
 - 
 
 The Villages at Kitty Hawk 
 Universal City, TX 
 204,297 
 83% 
 260 
 11,550 
 
 University House at UAB 
 Birmingham, AL 
 125,356 
 66% 
 327 
 - 
 
 Encino Canyon Apartments 
 San Antonio, TX 
 226,466 
 90% 
 206 
 12,000 
 
 Seven Palms 
 Webster, TX 
 304,121 
 91% 
 328 
 18,750 
 
 Total Multi-Family Properties 
 1,991,831 
 89% (1) 
 2,235 
 $ 88,225 

 (1) 
 weighted average occupancy 

 -23- 
 
 Lodging Segment 

 Lodging Properties 
 Location 
 Franchisor (1) 
 Number of Rooms 
 Revenue Per Available Room for the Period Ended 12/31/07 ($) 
 Average Daily Rate for the Period Ended 12/31/07 ($) 
 Occupancy for the Period Ended 12/31/07 
 Mortgage Payable As of 
 12/31/07 ($) 
 
 Inland American Winston Hotels, Inc. (2) 
 
 Comfort Inn Riverview 
 Charleston, SC 
 Choice 
 129 
 54 
 83 
 65% 
 - 
 
 Comfort Inn University 
 Durham, NC 
 Choice 
 136 
 46 
 73 
 64% 
 - 
 
 Comfort Inn Cross Creek 
 Fayetteville, NC 
 Choice 
 123 
 63 
 77 
 81% 
 - 
 
 Comfort Inn Orlando 
 Orlando, FL 
 Choice 
 214 
 34 
 57 
 60% 
 - 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott 
 Ann Arbor, MI 
 Marriott 
 160 
 95 
 126 
 76% 
 12,225 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Brookhollow 
 Houston, TX 
 Marriott 
 197 
 60 
 116 
 52% 
 - 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Northwest 
 Houston, TX 
 Marriott 
 126 
 78 
 116 
 67% 
 7,263 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Roanoke Airport 
 Roanoke, VA 
 Marriott 
 135 
 96 
 130 
 74% 
 14,651 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Chicago- St. Charles 
 St. Charles, IL 
 Marriott 
 121 
 72 
 105 
 69% 
 - 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott 
 Wilmington, NC 
 Marriott 
 128 
 80 
 113 
 71% 
 - 
 
 Courtyard By Marriott Richmond Airport (6) 
 Sandston (Richmond), VA 
 Marriott 
 142 
 43 
 92 
 46% 
 - 
 
 Fairfield Inn 
 Ann Arbor, MI 
 Marriott 
 110 
 71 
 104 
 68% 
 - 
 
 Hampton Inn Suites Duluth- 
 Gwinnett 
 Duluth, GA 
 Hilton 
 136 
 62 
 102 
 61% 
 9,585 
 
 Hampton Inn Baltimore-Inner 
 Harbor 
 Baltimore, MD 
 Hilton 
 116 
 128 
 179 
 71% 
 14,000 
 
 Hampton Inn Raleigh-Cary 
 Cary, NC 
 Hilton 
 129 
 65 
 91 
 72% 
 - 
 
 Hampton Inn University Place 
 Charlotte, NC 
 Hilton 
 126 
 71 
 105 
 67% 
 - 
 
 Hampton Inn 
 Durham, NC 
 Hilton 
 136 
 65 
 92 
 71% 
 - 
 
 Hampton Inn 
 Jacksonville, NC 
 Hilton 
 122 
 74 
 89 
 82% 
 - 
 
 Hampton Inn Atlanta- Perimeter Center 
 Atlanta, GA 
 Hilton 
 131 
 72 
 112 
 64% 
 8,450 
 
 Hampton Inn Crabtree Valley 
 Raleigh, NC 
 Hilton 
 141 
 61 
 103 
 59% 
 - 
 
 Hampton Inn White Plains- 
 Tarrytown 
 Elmsford, NY 
 Hilton 
 156 
 120 
 162 
 74% 
 15,643 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn Albany Airport 
 Albany, NY 
 Hilton 
 155 
 93 
 127 
 73% 
 - 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn Atlanta Winward 
 Alpharetta, GA 
 Hilton 
 164 
 69 
 124 
 56% 
 10,503 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn 
 Evanston, IL 
 Hilton 
 178 
 116 
 149 
 78% 
 19,928 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn RDU Airport 
 Morrisville, NC 
 Hilton 
 155 
 96 
 133 
 72% 
 - 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn Chelsea (7) 
 New York, NY 
 Hilton 
 169 
 161 
 288 
 56% 
 - 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn Hartford North Bradley International 
 Windsor, CT 
 Hilton 
 157 
 75 
 117 
 63% 
 10,384 
 
 Holiday Inn Express Clearwater Gateway 
 Clearwater, FL 
 IHG 
 126 
 38 
 86 
 44% 
 - 
 
 Holiday Inn Harmon Meadow- 
 Secaucus 
 Secaucus, NJ 
 IHG 
 161 
 121 
 150 
 80% 
 - 
 
 Homewood Suites 
 Cary, NC 
 Hilton 
 150 
 81 
 111 
 73% 
 12,747 
 
 Homewood Suites 
 Durham, NC 
 Hilton 
 96 
 73 
 104 
 70% 
 7,950 
 
 Homewood Suites Houston- 
 Clearlake 
 Houston, TX 
 Hilton 
 92 
 86 
 115 
 75% 
 7,222 
 
 Homewood Suites 
 Lake Mary, FL 
 Hilton 
 112 
 65 
 100 
 65% 
 9,900 

 -24- 

 Homewood Suites Metro Center 
 Phoenix, AZ 
 Hilton 
 126 
 56 
 98 
 57% 
 6,330 
 
 Homewood Suites 
 Princeton, NJ 
 Hilton 
 142 
 89 
 125 
 71% 
 - 
 
 Homewood Suites Crabtree Valley 
 Raleigh, NC 
 Hilton 
 137 
 84 
 121 
 70% 
 12,869 
 
 Quality Suites 
 Charleston, SC 
 Choice 
 168 
 65 
 91 
 71% 
 10,350 
 
 Residence Inn 
 Phoenix, AZ 
 Marriott 
 168 
 51 
 94 
 54% 
 - 
 
 Residence Inn Roanoke Airport (8) 
 Roanoke, VA 
 Marriott 
 79 
 61 
 137 
 45% 
 5,566 
 
 Towneplace Suites Northwest 
 Austin, TX 
 Marriott 
 127 
 66 
 89 
 74% 
 - 
 
 Towneplace Suites Birmingham-Homewood 
 Birmingham, AL 
 Marriott 
 128 
 49 
 84 
 58% 
 - 
 
 Towneplace Suites Northwest 
 College Station, TX 
 Marriott 
 94 
 63 
 81 
 77% 
 - 
 
 Towneplace Suites Northwest 
 Houston, TX 
 Marriott 
 128 
 58 
 102 
 57% 
 - 
 
 Towneplace Suites 
 Houston, TX (Clearlake) 
 Marriott 
 94 
 71 
 94 
 75% 
 - 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Country Club Plaza 
 Kansas City, MO 
 Marriott 
 123 
 106 
 139 
 76% 
 10,621 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn 
 North Canton, OH 
 Hilton 
 121 
 91 
 130 
 70% 
 7,776 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn 
 Wilmington, NC 
 Hilton 
 119 
 78 
 133 
 59% 
 - 

 Inland American Orchard Hotels, Inc. (3) 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Williams Center 
 Tucson, AZ 
 Marriott 
 153 
 75 
 110 
 68% 
 16,030 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott 
 Lebanon, NJ 
 Marriott 
 125 
 76 
 119 
 63% 
 10,320 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Quorum 
 Addison, TX 
 Marriott 
 176 
 74 
 124 
 59% 
 18,860 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott 
 Harlingen, TX 
 Marriott 
 114 
 60 
 93 
 65% 
 6,790 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Westchase 
 Houston, TX 
 Marriott 
 153 
 77 
 123 
 63% 
 16,680 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott West University 
 Houston, TX 
 Marriott 
 100 
 82 
 114 
 72% 
 10,980 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott West Lands End 
 Fort Worth, TX 
 Marriott 
 92 
 71 
 102 
 70% 
 7,550 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Dunn Loring-Fairfax 
 Vienna, VA 
 Marriott 
 206 
 104 
 148 
 70% 
 30,810 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Seattle- 
 Federal Way 
 Federal Way, WA 
 Marriott 
 160 
 93 
 127 
 73% 
 22,830 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn Tampa Ybor 
 Tampa, FL 
 Hilton 
 95 
 86 
 126 
 68% 
 9,460 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn 
 Westbury, NY 
 Hilton 
 140 
 118 
 147 
 80% 
 21,680 
 
 Homewood Suites Colorado Springs North 
 Colorado Springs, CO 
 Hilton 
 127 
 47 
 84 
 56% 
 7,830 
 
 Homewood Suites 
 Baton Rouge, LA 
 Hilton 
 115 
 99 
 121 
 82% 
 12,930 
 
 Homewood Suites 
 Albuquerque, NM 
 Hilton 
 151 
 65 
 85 
 68% 
 10,160 
 
 Homewood Suites Cleveland-Solon 
 Solon, OH 
 Hilton 
 86 
 66 
 98 
 68% 
 5,490 
 
 Residence Inn Williams Centre 
 Tucson, AZ 
 Marriott 
 120 
 85 
 123 
 70% 
 12,770 
 
 Residence Inn Cypress- Los Alamitos 
 Cypress, CA 
 Marriott 
 155 
 103 
 127 
 81% 
 20,650 

 -25- 

 Residence Inn South Brunswick-Cranbury 
 Cranbury, NJ 
 Marriott 
 108 
 80 
 116 
 69% 
 10,000 
 
 Residence Inn Somerset- Franklin 
 Franklin, NJ 
 Marriott 
 108 
 90 
 107 
 84% 
 9,890 
 
 Residence Inn 
 Hauppauge, NY 
 Marriott 
 100 
 107 
 136 
 79% 
 10,810 
 
 Residence Inn Nashville Airport 
 Nashville, TN 
 Marriott 
 168 
 80 
 89 
 90% 
 12,120 
 
 Residence Inn West University 
 Houston, TX 
 Marriott 
 120 
 83 
 119 
 70% 
 13,100 
 
 Residence Inn 
 Brownsville, TX 
 Marriott 
 102 
 69 
 99 
 70% 
 6,900 
 
 Residence Inn DFW Airport North 
 Dallas-Fort Worth, TX 
 Marriott 
 100 
 74 
 109 
 68% 
 9,560 
 
 Residence Inn Westchase 
 Houston Westchase, TX 
 Marriott 
 120 
 69 
 104 
 67% 
 12,550 
 
 Residence Inn Park Central 
 Dallas, TX 
 Marriott 
 139 
 67 
 92 
 73% 
 8,970 
 
 SpringHill Suites 
 Danbury, CT 
 Marriott 
 106 
 79 
 103 
 77% 
 9,130 
 
 Inland American Lodging Corporation 
 
 Hilton University of Florida Hotel & Convention Center (4) 
 Gainesville, FL 
 Hilton 
 248 
 70 
 135 
 52% 
 - 
 
 The Woodlands Waterway&#174; 
 Marriott Hotel & Convention 
 Center (5) 
 The Woodlands, TX 
 Marriott 
 341 
 103 
 184 
 56% 
 75,400 
 
 Total Lodging Properties: 
 10,411 
 79 
 117 
 67% 
 634,213 

 (1) Our hotels generally are operated under franchise agreements with franchisors including Marriott International, Inc. (&#147;Marriott&#148;), Hilton Hotels Corporation (&#147;Hilton&#148;), Intercontinental Hotels Group PLC (&#147;IHG&#148;) and Choice Hotels International (&#147;Choice&#148;). 
 (2) The information presented for the following properties reflects the period from July 1, 2007 to December 31, 2007. 
 (3) The information presented for the following properties reflects the period from October 5, 2007 to December 31, 2007. 
 (4) The information presented for this property reflects the period from September 13, 2007 to December 31, 2007. 
 (5) The information presented for this property reflects the period from November 23, 2007 to December 31, 2007. 
 (6) The information presented for the property reflects the period from December 13, 2007 to December 31 2007. 
 (7) The information presented for the property reflects the period from October 15, 2007 to December 31, 2007. 
 (8) The information presented for the property reflects the period from October 9, 2007 to December 31, 2007. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Contemporaneous with our merger with Winston Hotels, Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary, Inland American Winston Hotels, Inc., referred to herein as &#147;Inland American Winston,&#148; WINN Limited Partnership, or &#147;WINN,&#148; and Crockett Capital Corporation, or &#147;Crockett,&#148; memorialized in a development memorandum their intentions to subsequently negotiate and enter into a series of contracts to develop certain hotel properties, including without limitation a Westin Hotel in Durham, North Carolina, a Hampton Inn & Suites/Aloft Hotel in Raleigh, North Carolina, an Aloft Hotel in Chapel Hill, North Carolina and an Aloft Hotel in Cary, North Carolina (collectively referred to herein as the &#147;development hotels&#148;). 
 
 On March 6, 2008, Crockett filed an amended complaint in the General Court of Justice of the State of North Carolina against Inland American Winston and WINN. The complaint alleges that the development memorandum reflecting the parties&#146; intentions regarding the development hotels was instead an agreement that legally bound the parties. The complaint further claims that Inland American Winston and WINN breached the terms of the alleged agreement by failing to take certain actions to develop the Cary, North Carolina hotel and by refusing to convey their rights in the three other development hotels to Crockett. The complaint seeks, among other things, monetary damages in an amount not less than $4.8 million with respect to the Cary, North Carolina property. With respect to the remaining three development hotels, the complaint seeks specific performance in the form of an order directing Inland American Winston and WINN to transfer their rights in the hotels to Crockett or, alternatively, monetary damages in an amount not less than $20.1 million. 

 -26- 

 Inland American Winston and WINN deny these claims and, on March 26, 2008, filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint. Inland American Winston and WINN contend that the development memorandum was not a binding agreement but rather merely an agreement to negotiate and potentially enter into additional contracts relating to the development hotels, and therefore is unenforceable as a matter of law. Inland American Winston and WINN have requested that the General Court of Justice of the State of North Carolina dismiss the amended complaint in its entirety, with prejudice. 
 
 In a separate matter, on February 20, 2008, Crockett filed a demand for arbitration with the American Arbitration Association against Inland American Winston and WINN with respect to three construction management services agreements entered into by the parties in August 2007. The demand claims that Inland American Winston and WINN have failed to pay Crockett certain fees in exchange for Crockett providing construction management services for our hotel properties located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, Jacksonville, Florida and Roanoke, Virginia. Pursuant to this arbitration demand, Crockett is seeking damages in an aggregate amount not less than $281,400. On March 17, 2008, Inland American Winston and WINN filed an answer to this demand stating that they had paid Crockett the amounts due under the agreements and that all other damages sought by Crockett are penalty payments unenforceable against them. 

 Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
 
 There were no matters submitted to a vote of security holders during the fourth quarter of 2007. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market Information 
 
 We are currently offering shares of our common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement at an offering price of $10.00 per share. There is no established public trading market for our shares of common stock. 
 
 In order for the members, and associated persons, of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or &#147;FINRA,&#148; to participate in the offering and sale of shares of common stock pursuant to our current offering, we are required pursuant to NASD Conduct Rule 2710(f)(2)(M) to disclose in each annual report distributed to stockholders a per share estimated value of the shares, the method by which it was developed and the date of the data used to develop the estimated value. In addition, we prepare annual statements of estimated share values to assist fiduciaries of retirement plans subject to the annual reporting requirements of ERISA in the preparation of their reports relating to an investment in our shares. During the current offering and for the first three full fiscal years following the termination of the offering, the net asset value of each share of our common stock will be deemed to be $10.00 per share (without regard to purchase price discounts for certain categories of investors). However, there is no public trading market for the shares of our common stock at this time, and there can be no assurance regarding the price that our stockholders would receive for their shares if a public trading market did exist Additionally, this deemed value should not be viewed as an accurate reflection of the distributions that stockholders would be entitled to receive if our properties were sold and the sale proceeds were distributed. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 We provide a share repurchase program to provide limited liquidity for stockholders. We may repurchase whole shares only, from time to time at the following prices: 
 
 &#183; 
 from stockholders who have owned their shares for at least one year: $9.25 per share; 
 &#183; 
 from stockholders who have owned their shares for at least two years: $9.50 per share; 
 &#183; 
 from stockholders who have owned their shares for at least three years: $9.75 per share; and 
 &#183; 
 from stockholders who have owned their shares for at least four years: a price determined by our board of directors but in no event less than $10.00 per share. 

 -27- 
 
 Our obligation to repurchase any shares under the program is conditioned upon our having sufficient funds available to complete the repurchase. We may use offering proceeds as well as proceeds from our distribution reinvestment plan and other operating funds, if any, reserved by our board, in its sole discretion, to fund the share repurchase program. In the event that our funds exceed the amount necessary to repurchase shares, we may carry over the excess amount to the subsequent calendar month to repurchase shares during that month. In the event that our funds are insufficient to repurchase all of the shares for which repurchase requests have been submitted in a particular month, shares will be repurchased on a pro rata basis and the portion of any unfulfilled repurchase request will be held until next month unless withdrawn. Subject to funds being available, we will limit the number of shares repurchased during any consecutive twelve (12) month period to five percent (5.0%) of the number of outstanding shares of common stock at the beginning of that twelve (12) month period. As of December 31, 2007, we had repurchased 1,314,437 shares under the share repurchase program. 
 
 The share repurchase program may be suspended or terminated if: 
 
 &#183; 
 our shares are listed on any national securities exchange, or are subject to bona fide quotes on any inter-dealer quotation system or electronic communications network, or are subject of bona fide quotes in the pink sheets; or 
 
 &#183; 
 our board of directors determines that it is in our best interest to suspend or terminate the share repurchase program. 
 
 Any stockholder that has beneficially owned the shares for at least one year may participate in the share repurchase program with respect to his or her whole shares only. However, if a stockholder dies prior to owning the shares for one year, we may waive the one-year holding period for the beneficiaries or heirs, as appropriate. 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2007, we repurchased shares of our common stock as follows: 

 Total Number of 
 Average Price 
 Total Number of Shares Repurchased as Part of Publicly 
 
 Shares Repurchased 
 Paid per Share 
 Announced Plans or Programs 
 
 October 2007 
 96,862 
 $ 
 9.25 
 96,862 
 
 November 2007 
 165,156 
 $ 
 9.25 
 165,156 
 
 December 2007 
 259,358 
 $ 
 9.26 
 259,358 

 Total 
 521,376 
 521,376 

 Stockholders 
 
 As of March 24, 2008, we had 132,698 stockholders of record. 
 
 Distributions 
 
 We have been paying monthly cash distributions since October 2005. The table below sets forth the amount of distributions paid since our inception. The rate shown is the monthly per share amount. 

 Rate 
 (per share per month) 
 Date Declared 
 Date Distributed 
 
 $ .04167 
 October 1, 2005 - December 1, 2005 
 November 12, 2005 - January 12, 2006 
 
 $ .05000 
 January 1, 2006 - October 1, 2006 
 February 12, 2006 - November 12, 2006 
 
 $ .05083 
 November 1, 2006 - October 1, 2007 
 December 12, 2006 - November 12, 2007 
 
 $ .05167 
 November 1, 2007 - January 1, 2008 
 December 12, 2007 - February 12, 2008 

 We declared cash distributions to our stockholders per weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period from January 1, 2007 to December 31, 2007 totaling $242,605,929 or $.611 per share. We increased our distribution to 

 -28- 
 
 $.05167 from $.05083 for distributions declared in November of 2007. We expect to continue paying monthly cash distributions at a per share rate of $.05167 through the remainder of 2008. For federal income tax purposes for the year ended December 31, 2007, 37% of the distributions paid during the year constituted a return of capital. We and MB REIT have each distributed amounts sufficient to satisfy the requirements for maintaining compliance as a REIT. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table provides information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2007. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected 
 
 Plan category 
 warrants and rights 
 warrants and rights 
 in column) 

 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 
 
 Independent Director Stock Option Plan 
 23,000 
 $ 
 8.95 
 52,000 

 Total: 
 23,000 
 $ 
 8.95 
 52,000 

 The Company has adopted an Independent Director Stock Option Plan which, subject to certain conditions, provides for the grant to each independent director of an option to purchase 3,000 shares following their becoming a director and for the grant of additional options to purchase 500 shares on the date of each annual stockholder's meeting. The options for the initial 3,000 shares are exercisable as follows: 1,000 shares on the date of grant and 1,000 shares on each of the first and second anniversaries of the date of grant. All other options are exercisable on the second anniversary of the date of grant. The initial options are exercisable at $8.95 per share. The subsequent options are exercisable at $8.95 per share prior to the time that there is a public market for our shares. On February 21, 2006, we granted each of our five independent directors his or her initial option to acquire 3,000 shares. On April 21, 2006, we granted each of our five independent directors 500 shares on the date of the annual stockholders meeting. On June 4, 2007, we granted each of our five independent directors 500 shares on the date of the annual stockholders meeting. On October 16, 2007, we granted our new independent director his initial option to acquire 3,000 shares. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 On October 20, 2004, we issued 20,000 shares of our common stock for $10.00 per share, or an aggregate purchase price of $200,000, to our sponsor, Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation, in connection with our formation. On September 24, 2007, we issued 450,000 shares of our common stock to our business manager valued at $10.00 per share, or an aggregate of $4,500,000, in partial payment of an acquisition fee. On December 28, 2007, we issued 200,000 shares of our common stock to our business manager valued at $10.00 per share, or an aggregate of $2,000,000, in partial payment of an acquisition fee. No sales commission or other consideration was paid in connection with the issuance. The issuance were consummated without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance upon the exemption from registration set forth in Section 4(2) of the Act as transactions not involving any public offering. 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 
 The following table shows our consolidated selected financial data relating to our consolidated historical financial condition and results of operations. Such selected data should be read in conjunction with Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this report (dollar amounts are stated in thousands.) 

 -29- 

 2007 
 2006 
 2005 
 2004 

 Total assets 
 $ 
 8,211,758 
 3,040,037 
 865,851 
 731 

 Mortgages, notes and margins payable 
 $ 
 3,028,647 
 1,107,113 
 227,654 
 - 

 Total income 
 $ 
 478,736 
 123,202 
 6,668 
 - 

 Total interest and dividend income 
 $ 
 84,288 
 22,164 
 1,663 
 - 

 Net income (loss) applicable to common shares 
 $ 
 55,922 
 1,896 
 (1,457) 
 (24) 

 Net income (loss) per common share, basic and diluted (a) 
 $ 
 .14 
 .03 
 (1.65) 
 (1.20) 

 Distributions declared to common stockholders 
 $ 
 242,606 
 41,178 
 438 
 - 

 Distributions per weighted average common share (a) 
 $ 
 .61 
 .60 
 .11 
 - 

 Funds From Operations (a)(b) 
 $ 
 234,215 
 48,088 
 (859) 
 - 

 Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities 
 $ 
 263,420 
 65,883 
 11,498 
 (14) 

 Cash flows used in investing activities 
 $ 
 (4,873,404) 
 (1,552,014) 
 (810,725) 
 - 

 Cash flows provided by financing activities 
 $ 
 4,716,852 
 1,751,494 
 836,156 
 214 

 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 396,752,280 
 68,374,630 
 884,058 
 20,000 

 (a) 
 The net income (loss) per share basic and diluted is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 and the period from October 4, 2004 (inception) to December 31, 2004, respectively. The distributions per common share are based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 and for the period from August 31, 2005 (commencement of the offering) to December 31, 2005. See Footnote (b) below for information regarding our calculation of FFO. Our distributions of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes are taxable to stockholders as ordinary income; however in 2005 we had a tax loss which resulted in distributions paid during that period being treated as a return of capital for tax purposes. Distributions in excess of these earnings and profits generally are treated as a non-taxable reduction of the stockholder's basis in the shares to the extent thereof, and thereafter as taxable gain for tax purposes. Distributions in excess of earnings and profits have the effect of deferring taxation of the amount of the distributions until the sale of the stockholder's shares, only to the extent of a shareholder's basis. For the year ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, $81,701 and $16,697 (or approximately 37% and 50% of the $222,697 and $33,393 distribution paid in 2006) represented a return of capital. For the year ended December 31, 2005, $123 (or 100% of the distributions paid for 2005) represented a return of capital due to the tax loss in 2005. No distributions were made in 2004. In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must make annual distributions to stockholders of at least 90% of our REIT taxable income. REIT taxable income does not include net capital gains. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to make distributions in excess of cash available for distribution in order to meet the REIT distribution requirements. 
 
 (b) 
 One of our objectives is to provide cash distributions to our stockholders from cash generated by our operations. Cash generated from operations is not equivalent to our net income from continuing operations as determined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. Due to certain unique operating characteristics of real estate companies, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts or NAREIT, an industry trade group, has promulgated a standard known as Funds from Operations, or FFO for short, which it believes more accurately reflects the operating performance of a REIT such as us. As defined by NAREIT, FFO means net income computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property, plus depreciation 

 -30- 
 
 and amortization on real property and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures in which the Company holds an interest. FFO is not intended to be an alternative to Net Income as an indicator of our performance nor to Cash Flows from Operating Activities as determined by GAAP as a measure of our capacity to pay distributions. We believe that FFO is a better measure of our operating performance because FFO excludes non-cash items from GAAP net income. This allows us to compare our property performance to our investment objectives. Management uses the calculation of FFO for several reasons. We use FFO to compare our performance to that of other REITs. Additionally, we use FFO in conjunction with our acquisition policy to determine investment capitalization strategy. FFO is calculated as follows: 

 Year ended December 31, 
 
 2007 
 2006 
 2005 
 
 Net income (loss) applicable to common shares 
 $ 
 55,922 
 1,896 
 (1,457) 
 
 Add: 
 Depreciation and amortization: 
 
 Related to investment properties 
 174,163 
 49,681 
 3,459 
 
 Related to investment in unconsolidated entities 
 6,538 
 1,697 
 - 
 
 Less: 
 Minority interests' share: 
 
 Depreciation and amortization related to investment properties 
 2,408 
 5,186 
 2,861 

 Funds from operations 
 $ 
 234,215 
 48,088 
 (859) 

 -31- 
 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 We electronically file our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The public may read and copy any of the reports that are filed with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549-3628. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference room by calling the SEC at (800)-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site at (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. 
 
 Certain statements in this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical, including statements regarding management's intentions, beliefs, expectations, representations, plans or predictions of the future and are typically identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, may, will, should and could. The Company intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors created by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. See Risk Factors above for a discussion of the numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to be materially different from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis relates to the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 and as of December 31, 2007 and 2006. You should read the following discussion and analysis along with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes included in this report. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We seek to invest in real estate assets that we believe will produce attractive current yields and long-term risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders and to generate sustainable and predictable cash flow from our operations to distribute to our stockholders. To achieve these objectives, we selectively acquire and actively manage investments in commercial real estate. Our property managers for our non-lodging properties actively seek to lease and release space at favorable rates, controlling expenses, and maintaining strong tenant relationships. We oversee the management of our lodging facilities through active engagement with our third party managers and franchisors. We intend to create additional value through redeveloping and repositioning some of our properties in the future. 
 
 On a consolidated basis, essentially all of our revenues and operating cash flows this year were generated by collecting rental payments from our tenants, room revenues from lodging properties, interest income on cash investments, and dividend and sale income earned from investments in marketable securities. Our largest cash expense relates to the operation of our properties as well as the interest expense on our mortgages and notes payable. Our property operating expenses include, but are not limited to, real estate taxes, regular maintenance, utilities, insurance, landscaping, snow removal and periodic renovations to meet tenant needs. 
 
 In evaluating our financial condition and operating performance, management focuses on the following financial and non-financial indicators, discussed in further detail herein: 
 
 &#183; 
 Funds from Operations ( FFO ), a supplemental measure to net income determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). 
 &#183; 
 Economic occupancy (or occupancy - defined as actual rental revenues recognized for the period indicated as a percentage of gross potential rental revenues for that period), lease percentage (the percentage of available net rentable area leased for our commercial segments and percentage of apartment units leased for our residential segment) and rental rates. 
 &#183; 
 Leasing activity - new leases, renewals and expirations. 
 &#183; 
 Average daily room rate, revenue per available room, and average occupancy to measure our lodging properties. 

 -32- 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 General 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 
 This section describes and compares our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005. We generate most of our net operating income from property operations. In order to evaluate our overall portfolio, management analyzes the operating performance of all properties from period to period and properties we have owned and operated for the twelve month period during 2006 and 2007. A total of 38 of our investment properties satisfied the criteria of being owned for the entire twelve month period for 2006 and 2007 and are referred to herein as same store properties for the years ended 2007 to 2006 which comprise approximately 3.7 million square feet. The same store properties represent approximately 10% of the square footage of our portfolio at December 31, 2007. This analysis allows management to monitor the operations of our existing properties for comparable periods to measure the performance of our current portfolio. Additionally, we are able to determine the effects of our new acquisitions on net income. A majority of our acquisitions that satisfied the criteria for same store analysis are in the office and retail segments. Therefore, same store analysis is only presented in the office and retail segment results. All dollar amounts are stated in thousands (except per share amounts). We cannot present a same store analysis for 2006 compared to 2005 because we did not own any properties for twelve months in 2005. 
 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006 
 
 Rental Income, Tenant Recovery Income, Lodging Income and Other Property Income . Rental income consists of basic monthly rent, straight-line rent adjustments, amortization of acquired above and below market leases, fee income, and percentage rental income recorded pursuant to tenant leases. Tenant recovery income consists of reimbursements for real estate taxes, common area maintenance costs, management fees, and insurance costs. Lodging income consists of room revenues, food and beverage revenues, telephone revenues and miscellaneous revenues. Other property income consists of other miscellaneous property income. Total property revenues were $478,736 and $123,202 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. 
 
 Except for our lodging properties, the majority of the revenue from the properties consists of rents received under long-term operating leases. Some leases provide for the payment of fixed base rent paid monthly in advance, and for the reimbursement by tenants to the property owners for the tenant's pro rata share of certain operating expenses including real estate taxes, special assessments, insurance, utilities, common area maintenance, management fees, and certain building repairs paid by the landlord and recoverable under the terms of the lease. Under these leases, the landlord pays all expenses and is reimbursed by the tenant for the tenant's pro rata share of recoverable expenses. Certain other tenants are subject to net leases which provide that the tenant is responsible for fixed based rent as well as all costs and expenses associated with occupancy. Under net leases, where all expenses are paid directly by the tenant rather than the landlord, such expenses are not included in the consolidated statements of operations. Under net leases where all expenses are paid by the landlord, subject to reimbursement by the tenant, the expenses are included within property operating expenses, and reimbursements are included in tenant recovery income on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Our lodging properties generate revenue through sales of rooms and associated food and beverage services. We measure our financial performance by revenue generated per available room known as (RevPAR), which is an operational measure commonly used in the hotel industry to evaluate hotel performance. RevPAR represents the product of the average daily room rate charged and the average daily occupancy achieved but excludes other revenue generated by a hotel property, such as food and beverage, parking, telephone and other guest service revenues. 

 Year ended December 31, 2007 
 Year ended December 31, 2006 
 2007 increase (decrease) from 2006 
 
 Property rentals 
 $ 
 267,816 
 $ 
 93,428 
 $ 
 174,388 
 
 Straight-line rents 
 12,765 
 4,588 
 8,177 
 
 Amortization of acquired above and below market leases, net 
 155 
 403 
 (248) 

 Total rental income 
 $ 
 280,736 
 $ 
 98,419 
 $ 
 182,317 

 -33- 

 Tenant recoveries 
 55,192 
 21,547 
 33,645 
 
 Other income 
 16,416 
 3,236 
 13,180 
 
 Lodging operating income 
 126,392 
 - 
 126,392 

 Total property revenues 
 $ 
 478,736 
 $ 
 123,202 
 $ 
 355,534 

 Total property revenues increased $355,534 for the year ended December 31, 2007 over the same period of the prior year. The increase in property revenues in 2007 and 2006 was due primarily to acquisitions of 624 properties. 
 
 Property Operating Expenses and Real Estate Taxes. Property operating expenses consist of property management fees paid to property managers including affiliates of our sponsor and operating expenses, including costs of owning and maintaining investment properties, real estate taxes, insurance, utilities, maintenance to the exterior of the buildings and the parking lots. Total expenses were $174,755 for the year ended December 31, 2007 and $32,791 for the year ended December 31, 2006, respectively. Lodging Operating Expenses include the payroll, utilities, management fees paid to our third party operators, insurance, marketing, and other expenses required to maintain and operate our lodging facilities. 

 For the year ended December 31, 2007 
 For the year ended December 31, 2006 
 2007 increase from 2006 
 
 Operating expenses 
 $ 
 59,678 
 $ 
 20,951 
 $ 
 38,727 
 
 Lodging operating expenses 
 75,412 
 - 
 75,412 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 39,665 
 11,840 
 27,825 

 Total property expenses 
 $ 
 174,755 
 $ 
 32,791 
 $ 
 141,964 

 Total operating expenses increased $141,964 for the year ended December 31, 2007 compared to the year ended December 31, 2006 due primarily to effect of the properties acquired in 2007, including lodging facilities. 
 
 Other Operating Income and Expenses 
 
 Other operating expenses are summarized as follows: 

 For the year ended December 31, 2007 
 For the year ended December 31, 2006 
 2007 increase from 2006 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 $ 
 174,163 
 $ 
 49,681 
 $ 
 124,482 
 
 Interest expense 
 108,060 
 31,553 
 76,507 
 
 General and administrative (1) 
 19,466 
 7,613 
 11,853 
 
 Business manager fee 
 9,000 
 2,400 
 6,600 

 $ 
 310,689 
 $ 
 91,247 
 $ 
 219,442 

 (1) Includes expenses paid to affiliates as described below. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 The $124,482 increase in depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2007 relative to the year ended December 31, 2006 was due substantially to the impact of the properties acquired in 2007. 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 The $76,507 increase in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2007 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2006 was primarily due to (1) mortgage debt financings during 2007 which increased to $2,959,480 from $1,062,703 and (2) the increase in margin borrowing due to the increase in ownership of marketable securities. 

 -34- 
 
 A summary of interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 appears below: 

 For the year ended December 31, 2007 
 For the year ended December 31, 2006 
 2007 increase from 2006 
 
 Debt Type 
 
 Margin and other interest expense 
 $ 
 15,933 
 $ 
 4,922 
 $ 
 11,011 
 
 Mortgages 
 92,127 
 26,631 
 65,496 

 Total 
 $ 
 108,060 
 $ 
 31,553 
 $ 
 76,507 

 General and Administrative Expenses. General and administrative expenses consist of investment advisor fees, professional services, salaries and computerized information services costs reimbursed to affiliates or related parties of the business manager for, among other things, maintaining our accounting and investor records, common share purchase discounts related to shares sold to persons employed by our business manager or its related parties and affiliates, directors' and officers' insurance, postage, board of directors fees, printer costs and state tax based on property or net worth. Our expenses were $19,466 for the year ended December 31, 2007 and $7,613 for the year ended December 31, 2006, respectively. The increase is due primarily to the growth of our asset and stockholder base during late 2006 and 2007. 
 
 Business Manager Fee. After our stockholders have received a non-cumulative, non-compounded return of 5% per annum on their invested capital, we pay our business manager an annual business management fee of up to 1% of the average invested assets, payable quarterly in an amount equal to 0.25% of the average invested assets as of the last day of the immediately preceding quarter as defined in our prospectus. We paid our business manager a business management fee of $9,000, or approximately 0.20% of average invested assets for the year ended December 31, 2007, as well as investment advisory fees of approximately $2,120, together which are less than the full 1% fee that the business manager is entitled to receive. The $2,120 investment advisor fee is included in general and administrative expenses. We paid our business manager $2,400 for the year ended December 31, 2006. The business manager has waived any further fees that may have been permitted under the agreement for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Once we have satisfied the minimum return on invested capital described above, the amount of the actual fee paid to the business manager is determined by the business manager up to the amount permitted by the agreement. 
 
 Interest and Dividend Income and Realized Gain on Securities . Interest income consists of interest earned on short term investments and dividends from investments in our portfolio of marketable securities. We generally seek to invest in marketable securities issued by other REIT entities. We focus on investing in REIT entity securities where we believe the yields and returns will exceed those of other short-term investments or where the investment is consistent with our long-term strategy of taking positions in companies which we may have an interest in acquiring. These investments have historically generated both current dividend income and gains on sale, offset by impairments on securities where we believe the decline in stock price are other than temporary. Our interest and dividend income was $84,288 and $22,164 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. We also realized a gain (loss) on sale of securities, net of $(2,466) and $4,096 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006. 

 For the year ended December 31, 2007 
 For the year ended December 31, 2006 
 
 Interest Income 
 $ 
 61,546 
 $ 
 15,855 
 
 Dividend Income 
 22,742 
 6,309 

 Total 
 $ 
 84,288 
 $ 
 22,164 

 Realized Gains on investment securities 
 19,280 
 4,096 
 
 Other than temporary impairments 
 (21,746) 
 - 
 
 Total 
 (2,466) 
 4,096 

 Interest income was $61,546 and $15,855 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively, resulting primarily from interest earned on cash investments which were significantly greater during the year ended December 31, 2007 due to our capital raise compared to the year ended December 31, 2006. 

 -35- 
 
 Dividend income increased by $16,433 for the year ended December 31, 2007 compared to the year ended December 31, 2006 as a result of increasing our investments in marketable securities during 2007 compared to 2006. Although the value of our investments declined during 2007, the dividend yields on our investments were consistent during the year ended December 31, 2007. There is no assurance that we will be able to generate the same level of interest and dividend income in the future. 
 
 Our realized gains increased by $15,184 for the year ended December 31, 2007 compared to the year ended December 31, 2006 because we sold more of our stock investments during 2007 compared to 2006. Other than temporary impairments was $21,746 for the year ended December 31, 2007. These impairments resulted, in our view, from the overall decline in the stock market, generally, and the market for REIT stocks particularly. Depending on market conditions, we may be required to further reduce the carrying value of our portfolio in future periods. A discussion of our other than temporary impairment policy is included in the discussion of our Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates, below. 
 
 Minority Interest 
 
 The minority interest represents the interests of the third parties in Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. ( MB REIT ) and consolidated joint ventures owned by third parties. 
 
 Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Entities 
 
 Our equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities increased to $4,477 from $1,903 as a result of our investment in unconsolidated entities increasing $467,193 from $15,683 at December 31, 2006 to $482,876 at December 31, 2007. For 2006, our only investment in unconsolidated entities represented our investment in Feldman Mall Properties and Oak Property and Casualty. 
 
 Other Income and Expense 
 
 Under the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 150 Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity ( SFAS 150 ) and the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities ( SFAS 133 ), the put/call arrangements related to the MB REIT transaction as discussed under Liquidity are considered derivative instruments. The asset and liabilities associated with these puts and calls are marked to market every quarter with changes in the value recorded as other income and expense in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 The value associated with the put/call arrangements was a liability $2,349 and $283 as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Other expense of $2,065 and $46 was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The liability associated with the put/call arrangements increased from December 31, 2006 to December 31, 2007 due to the life of the put/call being reduced and volatility in interest rates. 
 
 An analysis of results of operations by segment follows: 
 
 The following table summarizes certain key operating performance measures for our properties as of December 31, 2007 and 2006. 
 
 Office Segment 

 Total Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 
 
 2007 
 2006 
 
 Office Properties 
 
 Physical occupancy 
 98% 
 97% 
 
 Economic occupancy 
 98% 
 97% 
 
 Base rent per square foot 
 $ 
 14.77 
 $ 
 13.58 

 The investments in office property largely represent assets leased and occupied to either a diverse group of stable tenants or to single tenants that view the assets as mission-critical to their core operations and that fully utilize the space leased. Examples of the former include the IDS Center located in the central business district of Minneapolis, and Dulles 

 -36- 
 
 Executive Plaza and Worldgate Plaza, both located in metropolitan Washington D.C. and catering to medium to high-technology companies funded through prominent federal government initiatives. Examples of the latter include three buildings leased and occupied by AT&T and located in three distinct US office markets - Chicago, St. Louis, and Cleveland. In addition, our office portfolio holds multiple properties leased on a full net basis to a financially strong US-based financial institution with the leased locations located in the east and southeast regions of the Country. 
 
 We continue to see positive trends in our portfolio including high occupancy and increasing rental rates for newly acquired properties. For example, we believe the Minneapolis, MN and Dulles, VA office markets, where a majority of our multi-tenant office properties are located, continue to remain strong with high increasing occupancy and increasing rental rates in these markets. Office property yields on new acquisitions remain competitive at rates slightly above our other segments. The increase in our base rent per square foot from $13.58 to $14.77 was primarily a result of acquisitions during 2007. These rates are as of the end of the period and do not represent the average rate during the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006. 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2007 to December 31, 2006 
 
 The table below represents operating information for the office segment of 26 properties and for the same store portfolio consisting of five properties acquired prior to January 1, 2006. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the entire year ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006. 

 Total Office Segment 
 Same Store Office Segment 
 
 Increase/ 
 Increase/ 
 
 2007 
 2006 
 (Decrease) 
 2007 
 2006 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Revenues: 
 
 Rental income 
 $ 
 98,764 
 $ 
 42,363 
 $ 
 56,401 
 $ 
 29,178 
 $ 
 28,989 
 $ 
 189 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 
 22,743 
 7,359 
 15,384 
 79 
 307 
 (228) 
 
 Other property income 
 7,066 
 1,870 
 5,196 
 272 
 25 
 247 

 Total revenues 
 $ 
 128,573 
 $ 
 51,592 
 $ 
 76,981 
 $ 
 29,529 
 $ 
 29,321 
 $ 
 208 

 Expenses: 
 
 Property operating expenses 
 $ 
 25,842 
 $ 
 9,186 
 $ 
 16,656 
 $ 
 1,989 
 $ 
 1,875 
 $ 
 114 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 11,494 
 3,085 
 8,409 
 342 
 293 
 49 

 Total operating expenses 
 $ 
 37,336 
 $ 
 12,271 
 $ 
 25,065 
 $ 
 2,331 
 $ 
 2,168 
 $ 
 163 

 Net property operations 
 91,237 
 39,321 
 51,916 
 27,198 
 27,153 
 45 

 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2007 to 2006. Office properties real estate rental revenues increased from $51,592 in 2006 to $128,573 in 2007 mainly due to the acquisition of 11 properties since December 31, 2006. Office properties real estate and operating expenses also increased from $12,271 in 2006 to $37,336 in 2007 as a result of these acquisitions. 
 
 Straight-line rent adjustments are included in rental income are higher for the office segment compared to other segments because the office portfolio has tenants that have base rent increases every year at higher rates than the other segments. In addition, office segment properties had above market leases in place at the time of acquisition as compared to retail segment properties which had below market leases in place at the time of acquisition which also are adjusted through rental income. Tenant recoveries for the office segment are lower than the retail segment because the office tenant leases allow for a lower percentage of their operating expenses and real estate taxes to be passed on to the tenants. 
 
 On a same store office basis, property net operating income increased to $27,198 from $27,153 for a total increase of $45. Same store office property operating revenues for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 were $29,529 and $29,321, respectively, resulting in an increase of $208. The primary reason for the increase was an increase in rental income due to new tenants at these properties that filled vacancies that existed at the time of purchase. Same store office property operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 were $2,331 and $2,168, respectively, resulting in an increase of $163. The increase in property operating expense was primarily caused by an increase in real estate tax expense and common area maintenance costs, including utility costs (gas and electric) in 2007. 

 -37- 

 Retail Segment 

 Total Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 
 
 2007 
 2006 

 Retail Properties 
 
 Physical occupancy 
 95% 
 95% 
 
 Economic occupancy 
 96% 
 96% 
 
 Base rent per square foot 
 $ 
 16.04 
 $ 
 13.77 

 Retail operations remain solid with consistent and rising rental revenue, stable occupancy results, and continued positive return on investment. Our retail business is not highly dependant on specific retailers or specific retail industries which shields the portfolio from significant revenue variances over time. The increase in our base rent per square foot from $13.77 to $16.04 was primarily a result of acquisitions during 2007. These rates are as of the end of the period and do not represent the average rate during the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006. 
 
 Our retail business is centered on multi-tenant properties with fewer than 120,000 square feet of total space, located in thriving communities, with primary locations in the Southwest and Southeast regions of the country. Adding to this core investment profile is a select number of traditional mall properties, and single-tenant properties. Among the single-tenant properties, the largest holdings are comprised of investments in bank branches where the tenant-occupant pays rent with contractual increases over time, and bears virtually all expenses associated with operating the facility. 
 
 Our tenants largely consist of basic-need retailers such as grocery, pharmacy, moderate-fashion shoes and clothing, and services. We have only limited exposure to retail categories such as books/music/video, big-box electronics, fast-food restaurants, new-concept, and other goods-providers for which the Internet or economic conditions represents a major risk to continued profitability. 
 
 It is commonplace for tenants to periodically adjust their retailing strategies, and therefore review existing retail outlets as to their congruency with any revised strategy. In the event any specific store is inconsistent with a retailer&#146;s revised strategy, the retail company may chose to close select stores. Economic downturns frequently catalyze these types of reviews among retailers as the retailers seek new ways to meet ever-changing consumer needs. In some instances, tenants will continue paying rent despite vacating the space; in other instances, tenants will approach the landlord and seek a settlement to allow early termination of the contractual lease. 
 
 During 2007, our retail portfolio had a limited number of tenant issues related to retailer bankruptcy. Only four retailers, 96,891 square feet, had filed for some level of bankruptcy protection, and all associated stores in our portfolio continued paying as-agreed rent through year-end 2007. We foresee no material issues to our retail business as a result of these tenant bankruptcy actions. Furthermore, we continued to actively monitor retail tends and remain cautiously optimistic regarding the retail environment overall, and our portfolio of retail properties and associated tenants. Our diversification among property locations, tenant categories, and in-fill sites supports our view. 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2007 to 2006 
 
 The table below represents operating information for the retail segment of 546 properties and for the same store portfolio consisting of 32 properties acquired prior to January 1, 2006. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the entire years ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006. 

 Total Retail Segment 
 Same Store Retail Segment 
 
 Increase/ 
 Increase/ 
 
 2007 
 2006 
 (Decrease) 
 2007 
 2006 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Revenues: 
 
 Rental income 
 $ 
 121,428 
 $ 
 51,270 
 $ 
 70,158 
 $ 
 26,285 
 $ 
 25,942 
 $ 
 343 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 
 30,103 
 13,894 
 16,209 
 6,370 
 7,087 
 (717) 
 
 Other property income 
 3,128 
 1,248 
 1,880 
 283 
 223 
 60 

 -38- 

 Total revenues 
 $ 
 154,659 
 $ 
 66,412 
 $ 
 88,247 
 $ 
 32,938 
 $ 
 33,252 
 $ 
 (314) 

 Expenses: 
 
 Property operating expenses 
 $ 
 25,308 
 $ 
 10,986 
 $ 
 14,322 
 $ 
 6,397 
 $ 
 5,571 
 $ 
 826 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 19,400 
 8,395 
 11,005 
 4,501 
 4,175 
 326 

 Total operating expenses 
 $ 
 44,708 
 $ 
 19,381 
 $ 
 25,327 
 $ 
 10,898 
 $ 
 9,746 
 $ 
 1,152 

 Net property operations 
 109,951 
 47,031 
 62,920 
 22,040 
 23,506 
 (1,466) 

 Retail properties real estate rental revenues increased from $66,412 in the year ended 2006 to $154,659 in the year ended 2007 mainly due to the acquisition of 483 retail properties since December 31, 2006. Retail properties real estate and operating expenses also increased from $19,381 in 2006 to $44,708 in 2007 as a result of these acquisitions. 
 
 Retail segment property rental revenues are greater than the office segment primarily due to less gross leasable square feet for the office properties. Straight-line rents, which are adjusted through rental income, for our retail segment are less than the office segment because the increases are less frequent and in lower increments. In addition, the retail segment had below market leases in place at the time of acquisition as compared to office segment properties, which had above market leases in place at the time of acquisition which are also adjusted through rental income. Tenant recoveries for our retail segment are greater than the office segment because the retail tenant leases allow for a greater percentage of their operating expenses and real estate taxes to be recovered from the tenants. Other income for the retail segment is lower than the other segments due to lease termination fee income and miscellaneous income collected from tenants for the other segments. Retail segment operating expenses are greater than the other segments because the retail tenant leases require the owner to pay for common area maintenance costs, real estate taxes and insurance and receive reimbursement from the tenant for the tenant's share of recoverable expenses. 
 
 On a same store retail basis, property net operating income decreased from $23,506 to $22,040 for a total decrease of $1,466 or 6%. The primary reason for the decrease is a reduction in tenant recovery percentages related to common area maintenance and insurance. Same store retail property operating revenues for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 were $32,938 and $33,252, respectively, resulting in a decrease of $314 or 1%. The primary reason for the decrease was a decrease in tenant recovery income. Same store retail property operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 were $10,898 and $9,746, respectively, resulting in an increase of $1,152 or 12%. The increase in property operating expense was primarily caused by an increase in real estate tax expense, common area maintenance costs, and insurance costs in 2007. 
 
 Industrial Segment 

 Total Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 
 
 2007 
 2006 

 Industrial Properties 
 
 Physical occupancy 
 93% 
 100% 
 
 Economic occupancy 
 99% 
 100% 
 
 Base rent per square foot 
 $ 
 5.10 
 $ 
 5.85 

 Our industrial holdings continue showing high occupancy rates, which we believe largely reflects the nature of the property locations in active industrial districts. Our base rent per square foot has moved lower as a result of new acquisitions. However, the overall returns for the industrial business remain within our target range. Our industrial business is diversified to include higher-tech space, which carries relatively higher rental rates, as well as warehouse and distribution space which carries relatively low rental rates. Average rental rates may change from period to period as a result of additional industrial/warehouse space being mixed into our existing portfolio. 

 -39- 
 
 The majority of the properties are located in what we believe are active and sought-after industrial markets including the Memphis Airport market of Memphis, TN and the O&#146;Hare Airport market of Chicago, IL, the latter being one of the largest industrial markets in the world. We believe that future portfolio occupancy and rental income are expected to remain consistent with year-end 2007 results. 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2007 to December 31, 2006 
 
 The table below represents operating information for the industrial segment of 61 properties. A same store analysis is not presented for the industrial segment because only one property was owned for the entire years ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006. 

 Total Industrial Segment 

 2007 
 2006 
 Increase 
 
 Revenues: 
 
 Rental income 
 $ 
 47,039 
 $ 
 3,111 
 $ 
 43,928 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 
 2,346 
 294 
 2,052 
 
 Other property income 
 4,801 
 2 
 4,799 

 Total revenues 
 $ 
 54,186 
 $ 
 3,407 
 $ 
 50,779 

 Expenses: 
 
 Property operating expenses 
 $ 
 3,277 
 $ 
 137 
 $ 
 3,140 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 1,740 
 259 
 1,481 

 Total operating expenses 
 $ 
 5,017 
 $ 
 396 
 $ 
 4,621 

 Net property operations 
 49,169 
 3,011 
 46,158 

 Industrial properties real estate revenues increased from $3,407 for the year ended December 31, 2006 to $54,186 for the year ended December 31, 2007 mainly due to the acquisition of 45 properties since December 31, 2006. Industrial properties real estate and operating expenses also increased from $396 in 2006 to $5,017 in 2007 as a result of these acquisitions. 
 
 A majority of the tenants have net leases and they are directly responsible for operating costs but reimburse us for real estate taxes and insurance. Industrial segment operating expenses are lower than the other segments because the tenants have net leases and they are directly responsible for operating costs. 
 
 Multi-family Segment 

 Total Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 
 
 2007 
 2006 

 Multi-Family Properties 
 
 Physical occupancy 
 89% 
 91% 
 
 Economic occupancy 
 89% 
 91% 
 
 End of month scheduled base rent per unit per month 
 $ 
 916.00 
 $ 
 612.00 

 Multi-family represents the smallest amount of investment in the overall portfolio due to the highly competitive nature for acquisitions, and the relatively small number of quality opportunities during 2007. We remain interested in multi-family acquisitions and continue to monitor market activity. Our portfolio contains eight multi-family properties, each reporting high occupancies and rental rate levels. We believe that recent changes in the housing market have made rentals a more attractive option and we expect the portfolio to continue its stable performance. The increase in monthly base rent from $612 per month to $916 per month was a result of 2007 acquisitions. These rates are as of the end of the period and do not represent the average rate during the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006. 

 -40- 

 Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2007 to December 31, 2006 
 
 The table below represents operating information for the multi-family segment of eight properties. A same store analysis is not presented for the multi-family segment because only one property was owned for the entire year ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006. 

 Total Multi-Family Segment 
 
 2007 
 2006 
 Increase 
 
 Revenues: 
 
 Rental income 
 $ 
 13,505 
 $ 
 1,675 
 $ 
 11,830 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other property income 
 1,421 
 116 
 1,305 

 Total revenues 
 $ 
 14,926 
 $ 
 1,791 
 $ 
 13,135 

 Expenses: 
 
 Property operating expenses 
 $ 
 5,251 
 $ 
 643 
 $ 
 4,608 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 1,815 
 100 
 1,715 

 Total operating expenses 
 $ 
 7,066 
 $ 
 743 
 $ 
 6,323 

 Net property operations 
 7,860 
 1,048 
 6,812 

 Multi&#150;family real estate rental revenues increased from $1,791 for the year ended December 31, 2006 to $14,926 for the year ended December 31, 2007. The increases are mainly due to the acquisition of six properties since December 31, 2006. Multi-family properties real estate and operating expenses also increased from $743 in 2006 to $7,066 in 2007 as a result of these acquisitions. 
 
 Multi-family property yields on new acquisitions remain the lowest of all segments. 
 
 Lodging Segment 

 Total Properties 
 
 For the period of ownership 
 
 2007 
 
 Lodging Properties 
 
 Revenue per available room 
 $ 
 79 
 
 Average daily rate 
 $ 
 117 
 
 Occupancy 
 67% 

 Lodging facilities represent a relatively new, diversifying class of commercial real estate for our portfolio, and our entire year-end holdings have been acquired during 2007. Unlike revenue generated from office, retail and industrial properties, revenue generated from lodging facilities is seasonal fluctuating with increases or decreases in travel. We expect our revenues to be greater during the second and third quarters with lower revenues in the first and fourth quarters. 
 
 Lodging facilities have characteristics different from those found in office, retail, industrial, and multi-family properties (also known as traditional asset classes ). Revenue, operating expenses, and net income are directly tied to the hotel operation whereas office, retail, industrial, and multi-family properties generate revenue from medium to long-term lease contracts. In this way, net operating income is somewhat more predictable among the properties in the traditional asset classes, though we believe that opportunities to grow revenue are in many cases limited because of the duration of the existing lease contracts. Lodging facilities have the benefit of capturing increased revenue opportunities on a monthly or weekly basis but are also subject to immediate decreases in revenue as a result of declines in daily rental rates. 
 
 Due to the unique character of the lodging industry, two practices are commonplace: association with national franchise organizations; and professional management by specialized third-party managers. Our portfolio consists of assets aligned with what we believe are the top franchise enterprises in the lodging industry: Marriott, Hilton, Intercontinental, and 

 -41- 
 
 Choice Hotels. By doing so, we believe our lodging operations benefit from enhanced advertising, marketing, and sales programs through a franchise arrangement while the franchisee (in this case the hotel owner) pays only a fraction of the overall cost for such programs. Effective TV, radio, print, on-line, and other forms of advertisement help draw customers to our lodging facilities which creates higher occupancy and rental rates, and increased revenue. Additionally, by using the franchise system we are also able to benefit from the travel rewards or &#147;point awards&#148; systems which further bolsters occupancy and rental rate. 
 
 All of our lodging facilities are managed by third-party managers with extensive experience and skill in hospitality operations. These third-party managers report to a dedicated, specialized group within Inland American that has, in our view, extensive expertise in lodging ownership and operation within a REIT environment. Our lodging group has daily interaction with all third-party managers, and closely monitors all aspects of our lodging interests. Additionally, this group also maintains close relationships with the franchisors to assure that each property maintains high levels of customer satisfaction, franchise conformity, and revenue-management. 
 
 During 2007, the hotel industry experienced high growth in both occupancy levels and rental rates (better known as Average Daily Rate or ADR ) due mainly to continued rebounds across virtually all segments of the travel industry (e.g., corporate travel, group travel, and leisure travel). Supply of new hotel product was moderate. For 2008, industry analysts see continued growth in the national lodging industry but at a much slower rate of growth than experienced during 2007. More specifically, occupancy rates are projected to hold, or decline modestly as compared with 2007, while ADR is expected to grow modestly, resulting in overall modest growth in total lodging revenue. 
 
 Our lodging facilities are generally classified in the middle to upper-middle lodging categories; as such, we project that our facilities will experience operating levels in-step with industry trends during the coming year with no significant weaknesses expected across the portfolio. 
 
 Operations of the year ended December 31, 2007 

 Total Lodging Segment 
 
 2007 
 
 Revenues: 
 
 Lodging operating income 
 $ 
 126,392 

 Total revenues 
 $ 
 126,392 

 Expenses: 
 
 Lodging operating expenses to non- related parties 
 $ 
 75,412 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 5,216 

 Total operating expenses 
 $ 
 80,628 

 Net lodging operations 
 45,764 

 Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2006 to December 31, 2005 
 
 Rental Income, Tenant Recovery Income and Other Property Income . Rental income consists of basic monthly rent, straight-line rent adjustments, amortization of acquired above and below market leases, fee income, and percentage rental income recorded pursuant to tenant leases. Tenant recovery income consists of reimbursements for real estate taxes, common area maintenance costs, management fees, and insurance costs. Other property income consists of other miscellaneous property income. Total property revenues were $123,202 and $6,668 for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 

 -42- 

 2006 
 2005 
 2006 increase from 2005 
 
 Property rentals 
 $ 
 93,428 
 $ 
 5,877 
 $ 
 87,551 
 
 Straight-line rents 
 4,588 
 250 
 4,338 
 
 Amortization of acquired above and below market leases, net 
 403 
 25 
 378 

 Total rental income 
 $ 
 98,419 
 $ 
 6,152 
 $ 
 92,267 

 Tenant recoveries 
 21,547 
 509 
 21,038 
 
 Other income 
 3,236 
 7 
 3,229 

 Total property revenues 
 $ 
 123,202 
 $ 
 6,668 
 $ 
 116,534 

 Total property revenues increased $116,534 in 2006 as compared to 2005. The increase in property revenues in 2006 was due primarily to acquisitions of properties made in 2006 and the increase in revenues from properties acquired in 2005 and 2006. 
 
 Property Operating Expenses and Real Estate Taxes . Property operating expenses consist of property management fees paid to property managers and operating expenses, including costs of owning and maintaining investment properties, real estate taxes, insurance, maintenance to the exterior of the buildings and the parking lots. Total expenses were $32,792 and $987 for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 

 2006 
 2005 
 2006 increase from 2005 

 Property operating expenses 
 $ 
 20,951 
 $ 
 626 
 $ 
 20,325 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 11,840 
 361 
 11,479 

 Total property expenses 
 $ 
 32,791 
 $ 
 987 
 $ 
 31,804 

 Real estate operating expenses as a percentage of total property revenues were 26.5% for 2006 and 14.8% for 2005. 
 
 Total property operating expenses and real estate taxes increased $31, 804 in 2006 compared to 2005 due primarily to the properties acquired in 2005 and 2006. 
 
 Other Operating Income and Expenses 
 
 Other operating expenses are summarized as follows: 

 2006 
 2005 
 2006 increase from 2005 

 Depreciation and amortization 
 $ 
 49,681 
 $ 
 3,459 
 $ 
 46,222 
 
 Interest expense 
 31,553 
 1,412 
 30,141 
 
 General and administrative 
 7,613 
 1,266 
 6,347 
 
 Business manager fee 
 2,400 
 - 
 2,400 

 $ 
 91,247 
 $ 
 6,137 
 $ 
 85,110 

 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 The $46,222 increase in depreciation and amortization expense in 2006 relative to 2005 was due substantially to the impact of the properties acquired in 2006. 

 -43- 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 The $30,141 increase in interest expense in 2006 as compared to 2005 was primarily due to (1) 2006 mortgage debt financings, (2) the increase in margin borrowing on our stock and (3) the assumption of mortgage debt on four newly purchased properties. 
 
 A summary of interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 appears below: 

 2006 
 2005 
 2006 increase from 2005 
 
 Debt Type 
 
 Margin and notes payable 
 $ 
 4,922 
 $ 
 78 
 $ 
 4,844 
 
 Mortgages 
 26,631 
 1,334 
 25,297 

 Total 
 $ 
 31,553 
 $ 
 1,412 
 $ 
 30,141 

 General and Administrative Expenses. General and administrative expenses consist of professional services, salaries and computerized information services costs reimbursed to affiliates of the business manager for maintaining our accounting and investor records, affiliates of the business manager common share purchase discounts, directors and officers insurance, postage, board of directors fees and printer costs. Our expenses were $7,613 and $1,266 for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The increase in 2006 as compared to 2005 is due primarily to a full year property ownership in 2006. 
 
 Business Manager Fee. After our stockholders have received a non-cumulative, non-compounded return of 5% per annum on their invested capital, we pay our business manager an annual business management fee of up to 1% of the average invested assets, payable quarterly in an amount equal to 0.25% of the average invested assets as of the last day of the immediately preceding quarter as defined in our prospectus. We paid our business manager a business management fee of $2,400 for the year ended December 31, 2006, as well as investment advisory fees of approximately $2,086, together which are les than the full 1% fee that the business manager is entitled to receive. The investment advisor fee is included in general and administrative expenses. We did not pay a business manager management fee in 2005. The business manager has waived any further fees that may have been permitted under the agreement for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Once we have satisfied the minimum return on invested capital described above, the amount of the actual fee paid to the business manager is determined by the business manager up to the amount permitted by the agreement. 
 
 Interest and Dividend Income and Realized Gain on Securities . Interest income consists of interest earned on short term investments and distributions from investments in REIT shares. Our interest and dividend income was $22,164 and $1,663 for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively, and resulted primarily from interest earned on cash and dividends earned on marketable securities investments. We also realized a gain on securities in 2006 of $4,096. Interest income was $15,855 and $1,608 for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively, resulting primarily from interest earned on cash investments. There is no assurance that we will be able to generate the same level of investment income or gains in the future. 
 
 Other Income and Expense 
 
 Under the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 150 Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity ( SFAS 150 ) and the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities ( SFAS 133 ), the put/call arrangements related to the MB REIT transaction as discussed under Liquidity are considered derivative instruments. The asset and liabilities associated with these puts and calls are marked to market every quarter with changes in the value recorded as other income and expense in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 The value of the put/call arrangements was a liability of $304 and $237 as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Other expense of $46 and $237 was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The value of the put/call arrangements increased from December 31, 2005 to December 31, 2006 due in part to the life of the put/call being reduced by one year and due to an increase in interest rates in the economic environment causing an increase in the 

 -44- 
 
 risk free rate used to value the arrangements. The value of the put/call arrangement could increase or decrease in the future as the timing of the put and call options become closer. 
 
 An analysis of results of operations by segment follows: 
 
 Office Segment 

 Years ended December 31, 
 2006 increase 
 
 2006 
 2005 
 from 2005 
 
 Real Estate Rental Revenue 
 
 Rental income 
 $ 
 42,363 
 $ 
 3,394 
 $ 
 38,969 
 
 Tenant recoveries 
 7,359 
 26 
 7,333 
 
 Other property income 
 1,870 
 1 
 1,869 

 Total real estate rental revenue 
 $ 
 51,592 
 $ 
 3,421 
 $ 
 48,171 

 Expenses 
 
 Property operating 
 $ 
 9,186 
 $ 
 257 
 $ 
 8,929 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 3,085 
 20 
 3,065 

 Total operating and real estate expenses 
 $ 
 12,271 
 $ 
 277 
 $ 
 11,994 

 Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2006 to 2005. Office properties real estate rental revenues increased from $3,421 in 2005 to $51,592 in 2006 mainly due to the acquisition of nine properties in 2006 and an entire year of operations for properties purchased in 2005. Office properties real estate expenses also increased from $277 in 2005 to $12,271 in 2006 mainly due to the acquisition of nine properties in 2006 and an entire year of operation for properties purchased in 2005. 
 
 Office segment property rental revenues are lower than the retail segment primarily due to less rentable gross square feet and a lower average rent per square foot. Straight-line rents are higher for the office segment compared to other segments because the office portfolio has tenants that have base rent increases every year at higher rates than the other segments. Office segment properties had above market leases in place at the time of acquisition as compared to retail segment properties which had below market leases in place at the time of acquisition. Tenant recoveries for the office segment are lower than the retail segment because the office tenant leases allow for a lower percentage of their operating expenses and real estate taxes to be passed on to the tenants. 
 
 Office segment operating expenses per square foot are lower than the retail segments because several of the office leases are net leases and tenants are responsible for paying their own common area maintenance costs, real estate taxes and insurance. We own fewer office properties than retail properties. 
 
 Retail Segment 

 Years ended December 31, 
 2006 increase 
 
 2006 
 2005 
 from 2005 
 
 Real Estate Rental Revenue 
 
 Rental income 
 $ 
 51,270 
 $ 
 2,590 
 $ 
 48,680 
 
 Tenant recoveries 
 13,894 
 481 
 13,413 
 
 Other property income 
 1,248 
 6 
 1,242 

 Total real estate rental revenue 
 $ 
 66,412 
 $ 
 3,077 
 $ 
 63,335 

 Expenses 
 
 Property operating 
 $ 
 10,986 
 $ 
 360 
 $ 
 10,626 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 8,395 
 339 
 8,056 

 Total operating and real estate expenses 
 $ 
 19,381 
 $ 
 699 
 $ 
 18,682 

 Retail properties real estate rental revenues increased from $3,077 in 2005 to $66,412 in 2006 mainly due to the acquisition of 32 retail properties in 2006 and an entire year of operation for properties purchased in 2005. Retail 

 -45- 
 
 properties real estate expenses also increased from $699 in 2005 to $19,381 in 2006 mainly due to the acquisition of 32 retail properties in 2006 and an entire year of operations for properties purchased in 2005. 
 
 Retail segment property rental revenues are greater than the office segment primarily due to a higher average rent per square foot and more gross leasable square feet. Straight-line rents for our retail segment are less than the office segment because the increases are less frequent and in lower increments. The retail segment had below market leases in place at the time of acquisition as compared to office segment properties, which had above market leases in place at the time of acquisition. Tenant recoveries for our retail segment are greater than the office segment because the retail tenant leases allow for a greater percentage of their operating expenses and real estate taxes to be recovered from the tenants. Other income for the retail segment is higher than the other segments due to one property located in Florida that is required to collect sales taxes from their tenants, which we record as other income and operating expense. 
 
 Retail segment operating expenses are greater than the other segments because the retail tenant leases require the owner to pay for common area maintenance costs, real estate taxes and insurance and then receive reimbursement from the tenant for the tenant's share of recoverable expenses. 
 
 Industrial Segment 

 Years ended December 31, 
 2006 increase 
 
 2006 
 2005 
 from 2005 
 
 Real Estate Rental Revenue 
 
 Rental income 
 $ 
 3,111 
 $ 
 168 
 $ 
 2,943 
 
 Tenant recoveries 
 294 
 2 
 292 
 
 Other property income 
 2 
 - 
 2 

 Total real estate rental revenue 
 $ 
 3,407 
 $ 
 170 
 $ 
 3,237 

 Expenses 
 
 Property operating 
 $ 
 137 
 $ 
 9 
 $ 
 128 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 259 
 2 
 257 

 Total operating and real estate expenses 
 $ 
 396 
 $ 
 11 
 $ 
 385 

 Industrial properties real estate rental revenues increased from $170 in 2005 to $3,407 in 2006 mainly due to the acquisition of 14 properties in 2006 and an entire year of operations for properties purchased in 2005. Industrial properties real estate expenses also increased from $11 in 2005 to $396 in 2006 mainly due to the acquisition of 14 properties in 2006 and an entire year of operations for properties purchased in 2005. 
 
 Industrial segment rental revenues are less than the office and retail segments because there are fewer tenants with less total gross leasable square feet than the office and retail segments at a lower rent per square foot. A majority of the tenants have net leases and they are directly responsible for operating costs but reimburse us for real estate taxes and insurance. 
 
 Industrial segment operating expenses are lower than the other segments because the tenants have net leases and they are directly responsible for operating costs. We own fewer industrial properties than office and retail properties. 
 
 Multi-family Segment 

 Years ended December 31, 
 2006 increase 
 
 2006 
 2005 
 from 2005 
 
 Real Estate Rental Revenue 
 
 Property rentals 
 $ 
 1,675 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 1,675 
 
 Other income 
 116 
 - 
 116 

 Total real estate rental revenue 
 $ 
 1,791 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 1,791 

 Real Estate Expenses 
 
 Operating expenses and real estate taxes 
 $ 
 743 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 743 

 Total operating and real estate expenses 
 $ 
 743 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 743 

 -46- 

 Multi&#150;family real estate rental revenues and expenses increased from $0 in 2005 to $1,791 in 2006 and $0 in 2005 to $743 in 2006, respectively, because no multi-family properties were owned in 2005. 
 
 Other Investments 
 
 Notes Receivable 
 
 The Company's notes receivable balance of $281,221 as of December 31, 2007 consisted of installment notes from unrelated parties that mature on various dates through May 2012 and installment notes assumed in the Winston acquisition. The notes are secured by mortgages on vacant land and shopping center and lodging facilities and guaranteed by the owners. Interest only is due each month at rates ranging from 7.1864% to 13.27% per annum. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Company recorded interest income from notes receivable of $18,423 and $1,323, respectively, which is included in the interest and dividend income on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 Developments 
 
 We own several consolidated properties in various stages of development or pre-development. These developments are funded by working capital and construction loans. Specifically identifiable direct acquisition, development and construction costs are capitalized, including, where applicable, salaries and related costs, real estate taxes and interest incurred in developing the property. The properties under development and all figures stated below are as of December 31, 2007. (Dollar amounts stated in thousands) 

 Name 
 Location 
 (City, State) 
 Property Type 
 Square Feet 
 Costs Incurred to Date ($) (a) 
 Total Estimated Costs ($) (b) 
 Estimated Placed in Service Date (a) 

 Cityville Perimeter 
 Atlanta, GA 
 Multi-family 
 220,590 
 1,304 
 45,572 
 Q4 2009 
 
 Block 121 
 Birmingham, AL 
 Multi-family 
 222,436 
 5,749 
 32,758 
 Q3 2009 
 
 Oak Park 
 Dallas, TX 
 Multi-family 
 557,504 
 36,291 
 92,178 
 2009/2010 
 
 Cityville Carlisle 
 Dallas, TX 
 Multi-family 
 193,232 
 4,916 
 32,109 
 Q3 2009 
 
 Penn 
 Philadelphia, PA 
 Multi-family 
 212,585 
 37,398 
 78,547 
 Q3 2008 
 
 Gainesville 
 Gainesville, FL 
 Multi-family 
 198,361 
 20,308 
 39,170 
 Q3 2008 
 
 Huntsville 
 Huntsville, TX 
 Multi-family 
 240,264 
 10,690 
 27,920 
 Q3 2008 
 
 UH @ Lafayette 
 Lafayette, LA 
 Multi-family 
 138,915 
 5,117 
 16,418 
 Q3 2008 
 
 Stonebriar 
 Plano, TX 
 Retail 
 329,968 
 40,949 
 121,000 
 Q4 2008 
 
 Stone Creek 
 San Marcas, TX 
 Retail 
 506,169 
 21,797 
 76,100 
 Q2 2009 
 
 2,820,024 
 184,519 
 561,772 

 (a) 
 The Estimated Placed in Service Date represents the date the certificate of occupancy was or is currently anticipated to be obtained. Subsequent to obtaining the certificate of occupancy, the property is expected to undergo a lease-up period. 
 
 (b) 
 The Total Estimated Costs represent 100% of the development's estimated costs, including the acquisition cost of the land and building, if any. The Total Estimated Costs are subject to change upon, or prior to, the completion of the development and include amounts required to lease the property. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 General 
 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. This section discusses those critical accounting policies and estimates. These judgments often result from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Critical accounting policies discussed in this section are not to be confused with GAAP. GAAP requires information in financial statements about accounting principles, methods used and disclosures pertaining to significant estimates. This discussion addresses our 

 -47- 
 
 judgment pertaining to trends, events or uncertainties known which were taken into consideration upon the application of those policies. 
 
 Acquisition of Investment Property 
 
We allocate the purchase price of each acquired investment property between land, building and improvements, acquired above market and below market leases, in-place lease value, and any assumed financing that is determined to be above or below market terms. In addition, we allocate a portion of the purchase price to the value of customer relationships, if any. The allocation of the purchase price is an area that requires judgment and significant estimates. We use the information contained in the independent appraisal obtained at acquisition as the primary basis for the allocation to land and building and improvements. We determine whether any financing assumed is above or below market based upon comparison to similar financing terms for similar investment properties. We allocate a portion of the purchase price to the estimated acquired in-place lease costs based on estimated lease execution costs for similar leases as well as lost rent payments during assumed lease up period when calculating as if vacant fair values. We also evaluate each acquired lease based upon current market rates at the acquisition date and we consider various factors including geographical location, size and location of leased space within the investment property, tenant profile, and the credit risk of the tenant in determining whether the acquired lease is above or below market lease costs. After an acquired lease is determined to be above or below market, we allocate a portion of the purchase price to such above or below acquired lease costs based upon the present value of the difference between the contractual lease rate and the estimated market rate. For below market leases with fixed rate renewals, renewal periods are included in the calculation of below market in-place lease values. The determination of the discount rate used in the present value calculation is based upon the risk free rate and current interest rates. This discount rate is a significant factor in determining the market valuation which requires our judgment of subjective factors such as market knowledge, economics, demographics, location, visibility, age and physical condition of the property. 
 
 Acquisition of Businesses 
 
 Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using purchase accounting as required by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 141 (SFAS 141) Business Combinations . The assets and liabilities of the acquired entities are recorded using the fair value at the date of the transaction and allocated to tangible and intangible assets. Any additional amounts are allocated to goodwill as required, based on the remaining purchase price in excess of the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. We amortize identified intangible assets that are determined to have finite lives which are based on the period over which the assets are expected to contribute directly or indirectly to the future cash flows of the business acquired. Intangible assets subject to amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an intangible asset, including the related real estate when appropriate, is not recoverable and the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value. 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets (SFAS No. 144), we conduct an analysis on a quarterly basis to determine if indicators of impairment exist to ensure that the property's carrying value does not exceed its fair value. If this were to occur, we are required to record an impairment loss. The valuation and possible subsequent impairment of investment properties is a significant estimate that can and does change based on our continuous process of analyzing each property and reviewing assumptions about uncertain inherent factors, as well as the economic condition of the property at a particular point in time. 
 
 Under Accounting Principles Board (APB) Opinion No. 18 (&#147;The Equity Method of Accounting for Investments in Common Stock&#148;), the Company evaluates its equity method investments for impairment indicators. The valuation analysis considers the investment positions in relation to the underlying business and activities of the Company's investment. 
 
 Cost Capitalization and Depreciation Policies 
 
 Our policy is to review all expenses paid and capitalize any items exceeding $5 which are deemed to be an upgrade or a tenant improvement. These costs are capitalized and included in the investment properties classification as an addition to buildings and improvements. 

 -48- 

Buildings and improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis based upon estimated useful lives of 30 years for buildings and improvements, and five to 15 years for site improvements. Furniture, fixtures and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis over five to ten years. Tenant improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the life of the related lease as a component of depreciation and amortization expense. The portion of the purchase price allocated to acquired above market costs and acquired below market costs is amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the related lease as an adjustment to net rental income. Acquired in-place lease costs, customer relationship value, other leasing costs, and tenant improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the related lease as a component of amortization expense. 
 
Cost capitalization and the estimate of useful lives requires our judgment and includes significant estimates that can and do change based on our process which periodically analyzes each property and on our assumptions about uncertain inherent factors. 
 
 Investment in Marketable Securities 
 
 In accordance with FASB 115 Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities , a decline in the market value of any available-for-sale or held-to-maturity security below cost that is deemed to be other-than-temporary results in an impairment to reduce the carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged to earnings and a new cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether an impairment is other-than-temporary, the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment, the severity and duration of the impairment, changes in value subsequent to year-end, forecasted performance of the investee, and the general market condition in the geographic area or industry the investee operates in. We consider the following factor in evaluating our securities for impairments that are other than temporary: 
 
 (i) 
 declines in the REIT and overall stock market relative to our security positions; 
 (ii) 
 the estimated net asset value (&#147;NAV&#148;) of the companies we invest in relative to their current market prices; and 
 (iii) 
 future growth prospects and outlook for companies using analyst reports and company guidance, including dividend coverage, NAV estimates and FFO growth. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 We commence revenue recognition on our leases based on a number of factors. In most cases, revenue recognition under a lease begins when the lessee takes possession of or controls the physical use of the leased asset. Generally, this occurs on the lease commencement date. The determination of who is the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements determines the nature of the leased asset and when revenue recognition under a lease begins. If we are the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements, then the leased asset is the finished space and revenue recognition begins when the lessee takes possession of the finished space, typically when the improvements are substantially complete. If we conclude we are not the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements (the lessee is the owner), then the leased asset is the unimproved space and any tenant improvement allowances funded under the lease are treated as lease incentives which reduces revenue recognized over the term of the lease. In these circumstances, we begin revenue recognition when the lessee takes possession of the unimproved space for the lessee to construct their own improvements. We consider a number of different factors to evaluate whether it or the lessee is the owner of the tenant improvements for accounting purposes. These factors include: 
 
 &#183; 
 whether the lease stipulates how and on what a tenant improvement allowance may be spent; 
 
 &#183; 
 whether the tenant or landlord retains legal title to the improvements; 
 
 &#183; 
 the uniqueness of the improvements; 
 
 &#183; 
 the expected economic life of the tenant improvements relative to the length of the lease; and 
 
 &#183; 
 who constructs or directs the construction of the improvements. 

 -49- 

 The determination of who owns the tenant improvements, for accounting purposes, is subject to significant judgment. In making that determination, we consider all of the above factors. No one factor, however, necessarily establishes its determination. 
 
 We recognize rental income on a straight-line basis over the term of each lease. The difference between rental income earned on a straight-line basis and the cash rent due under the provisions of the lease agreements is recorded as deferred rent receivable and is included as a component of accounts and rents receivable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Due to the impact of the straight-line basis, rental income generally is greater than the cash collected in the early years and decreases in the later years of a lease. We periodically review the collectability of outstanding receivables. Allowances are taken for those balances that we deem to be uncollectible, including any amounts relating to straight-line rent receivables. 
 
 Reimbursements from tenants for recoverable real estate tax and operating expenses are accrued as revenue in the period the applicable expenses are incurred. We make certain assumptions and judgments in estimating the reimbursements at the end of each reporting period. We do not expect the actual results to differ from the estimated reimbursement. 
 
In conjunction with certain acquisitions, we may receive payments under master lease agreements pertaining to certain non-revenue producing spaces either at the time of, or subsequent to the purchase of some of our properties. Upon receipt of the payments, the receipts will be recorded as a reduction in the purchase price of the related properties rather than as rental income. These master leases may be established at the time of purchase in order to mitigate the potential negative effects of loss of rent and expense reimbursements. Master lease payments are received through a draw of funds escrowed at the time of purchase and may cover a period from six months to three years. These funds may be released to either us or the seller when certain leasing conditions are met. Funds received by third party escrow agents, from sellers, pertaining to master lease agreements are included in restricted cash. We record such escrows as both an asset and a corresponding liability, until certain leasing conditions are met. As of December 31, 2007, there were no material adjustments for master lease agreements. 
 
We will recognize lease termination income if there is a signed termination letter agreement, all of the conditions of the agreement have been met, collectability is reasonably assured and the tenant is no longer occupying the property. Upon early lease termination, we will provide for losses related to unrecovered intangibles and other assets. 
 
 We recognize lodging operating revenue on an accrual basis consistent with operations. 
 
 Partially-Owned Entities : 
 
 We consider FASB Interpretation No. 46R (Revised 2003): &#147;Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities - An Interpretation of ARB No. 51&#148; (&#147;FIN 46(R)&#148;), EITF 04-05: &#147;Determining Whether a General Partner, or the General Partners as a Group, Controls a Limited Partnership or Similar Entity When the Limited Partners Have Certain Rights,&#148; and SOP 78-9: &#147;Accounting for Investments in Real Estate Ventures,&#148; to determine the method of accounting for each of its partially-owned entities. In instances where we determine that a joint venture is not a VIE, we first consider EITF 04-05. The assessment of whether the rights of the limited partners should overcome the presumption of control by the general partner is a matter of judgment that depends on facts and circumstances. If the limited partners have either (a) the substantive ability to dissolve (liquidate) the limited partnership or otherwise remove the general partner without cause or (b) substantive participating rights, the general partner does not control the limited partnership and as such overcome the presumption of control by the general partner and consolidation by the general partner. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We and MB REIT operate in a manner intended to enable each entity to qualify as a REIT under Sections 856-860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Under those sections, a REIT that distributes at least 90% of its REIT taxable income determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and by excluding any net capital gain to its stockholders each year and that meets certain other conditions will not be taxed on that portion of its taxable income which is distributed to its stockholders. If we or MB REIT fail to distribute the required amount of income to our stockholders, or fail to meet the various REIT requirements, we or MB REIT may fail to qualify as a REIT and substantial adverse tax consequences may result. Even if we or MB REIT qualify for taxation as a REIT, we or MB REIT may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income, property, or net worth, and to federal income and excise taxes on 

 -50- 
 
 our undistributed taxable income. In addition, taxable income from non-REIT activities managed through taxable REIT subsidiaries is subject to federal, state and local income taxes. 
 
 In 2007, we formed the following wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiaries in connection with the acquisition of the lodging portfolios and student housing: Barclay Holdings, Inc., Inland American Holding TRS, Inc., and Inland American Communities Third Party, Inc. Taxable income from non-REIT activities managed through these taxable REIT subsidiaries is subject to federal, state, and local income taxes. As such, our taxable REIT subsidiaries are required to pay income taxes at the applicable rates. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our principal demand for funds has been: 
 
 &#183; 
 to invest in properties; 
 
 &#183; 
 to invest in joint ventures; 
 
 &#183; 
 to fund notes receivable; 
 
 &#183; 
 to invest in REIT marketable securities; 
 
 &#183; 
 to pay our operating expenses and the operating expenses of our properties; 
 
 &#183; 
 to pay expenses associated with our public offerings; and 
 
 &#183; 
 to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Generally, our cash needs have been funded from: 
 
 &#183; 
 the net proceeds from the public offerings of our shares of common stock; 
 
 &#183; 
 interest income on investments and dividend and gain on sale income earned on our investment in marketable securities; 
 
 &#183; 
 income earned on our investment properties; 
 
 &#183; 
 proceeds from borrowings on properties; and 
 
 &#183; 
 distributions from our joint venture investments. 

 Acquisitions and Investments 
 
 We completed approximately $4.0 billion of real estate and real estate company acquisitions and investments in 2007 and $1.5 billion in 2006. In addition, we made $269 million of loans during 2007 and $50 million in 2006. These acquisitions and investments were consummated through our subsidiaries and were funded with available cash, mortgage indebtedness, and the proceeds from the offering of our shares of common stock. Details of our 2007 and 2006 acquisitions and investments are summarized below. 
 
 Real Estate and Real Estate Company Acquisitions 
 
 &#183; 
 During 2007, we purchased 491 retail properties containing approximately 4.8 million square feet for approximately $1.5 billion and during 2006, we purchased 32 retail properties containing approximately 4.3 million square feet for approximately $693.3 million. 

 -51- 
 
 &#183; 
 During 2007, we purchased 13 office properties containing approximately 2.0 million square feet for approximately $252.6 million and during 2006, we purchased eight office properties containing approximately 3.9 million square feet for approximately $702.3 million. 
 &#183; 
 During 2007, we purchased 45 industrial properties containing approximately 8.0 million square feet for approximately $547.6 million and during 2006, we purchased 15 industrial properties containing approximately 5.0 million square feet for approximately $276.3 million. 
 &#183; 
 During 2007, we purchased seven multi-family properties containing approximately 2,003 units for approximately $199.7 million and during 2006, we purchased one multi-family property containing approximately 256 units for approximately $19.5 million. 
 &#183; 
 During 2007, (excluding lodging properties acquired through a company acquisition) we purchased five lodging properties containing approximately 979 rooms for approximately $270.3 million. 
 &#183; 
 On May 18, 2007, we through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Inland American Communities Group, Inc. (&#147;Communities&#148;), purchased the assets of Utley Residential Company L.P. related to the development of conventional and student housing for approximately $23.1 million, including rights to its existing development projects. We paid $13.1 million at closing with $10.0 million to be paid upon the presentation of future development projects. 
 &#183; 
 On July 1, 2007, we completed a merger with Winston Hotels, Inc., referred to herein as &#147;Winston,&#148; in which we purchased 100% of the outstanding shares of common stock and Series B preferred stock of Winston, a publicly traded real estate investment trust headquartered in Raleigh, North Carolina, that owns extended-stay and select-service lodging properties and other limited-service lodging properties. At the time of the merger Winston owned 44 hotels. The hotels were located in thirteen states and, in aggregate, consist of 5,993 rooms. The transaction valued Winston at approximately $822.0 million, plus $19.8 million paid to our Business Manager which is capitalized as part of the purchase for a total cost of $841.8 million. 
 &#183; 
 On October 5, 2007, we consummated the merger among our wholly-owned subsidiary, Inland American Orchard Hotels, Inc., and Apple Hospitality Five, Inc., referred to herein as Apple, a public, non-listed real estate investment trust headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, that owns upscale, extended-stay and select-service lodging properties and other limited-service lodging properties. At the time of the merger Apple owned 27 hotels. The hotels were located in fourteen states and, in aggregate, consist of 3,439 rooms. The total merger consideration was approximately $682.4 million, plus $16.9 million paid to our Business Manager which is capitalized as part of the purchase for a total cost of $699.3 million. 
 
 Investments in Joint Ventures 
 
 Details of our investment in joint ventures for 2007 are summarized below. 
 
 &#183; 
 On April 27, 2007, we entered into a joint venture to acquire and redevelop or reposition industrial and research and development oriented properties located initially in the San Francisco Bay and Silicon Valley areas. Under the joint venture agreement, we are required to invest approximately $90.0 million and are entitled to a preferred dividend equal to 8.5% per annum. 
 &#183; 
 On June 8, 2007, we entered into a venture for the purpose of funding the development and ownership of real estate projects in the office, distribution, retail, healthcare and mixed-use markets. Under the joint venture agreement, we are required to invest up to $250 million in exchange for the Class A Participating Preferred Interests which entitles us to a 9.5% preferred dividend. 
 &#183; 
 On June 29, 2007, we entered into a venture to invest up to $149.0 million in shares of common beneficial interest. Our investment gives us the right to a preferred dividend equal to 9% per annum. 
 &#183; 
 On July 9, 2007, we entered into an agreement with third parties to form a joint venture to be known as the Village at Stonebriar LLC (&#147;Stonebriar&#148;). Stonebriar acquired two tracts of land located in Plano, Texas, and intends to develop and construct a commercial retail shopping center on that land in three phases. The total cost of acquiring and developing the land is expected to be approximately $55.0 million for the first two phases of the project, and approximately $66.0 million for the third phase of the project. As of December 31, 2007, we had contributed $20.0 million to Stonebriar. We may be required to contribute an additional $11.3 million to the Stonebriar if the Class A Members determine that an additional contribution is necessary to complete the project. Our capital contribution will entitle us to a preferred distribution equal to 12% per annum. 
 &#183; 
 On September 24, 2007, we entered into an agreement with Direct Retail, L.L.C. to form &#147;Stone Creek Crossing GP, L.L.C.,&#148; referred to herein as the &#147;general partner.&#148; Also on September 24, 2007, the general partner, our subsidiary and S&D Investments 06-4, J.V., an unaffiliated third party (referred to herein as &#147;S&D&#148;), entered into 

 -52- 
 
 an agreement to form a joint venture to be known as &#147;Stone Creek Crossing, L.P.&#148; The purpose of the venture is to acquire certain land located in San Marcos, Texas and then to develop and construct a commercial real estate shopping center on that land in two phases. The total cost of acquiring and developing the land is expected to be approximately $76.1 million for both phases of the project. On October 1, 2007, we contributed $25.7 million, or 100% of the capital, to the venture. The venture is required to pay us an 11% cumulative return on our capital contribution until the aggregate capital contribution has been returned. 
 &#183; 
 On August 10, 2007, we entered into a joint venture with two affiliates of Lexington Realty Trust to form Net Lease Strategic Assets Fund, L.P. On December 20, 2007, we initially contributed approximately $121.9 million to the venture for the purchase of thirty single-tenant net leased assets properties from Lexington. The thirty properties contain, in the aggregate, more than 3.5 million net rentable square feet and are located in twenty-three states. Our investment is entitled to a 9% preferred dividend. 
 
 Investments in Marketable Securities 
 
 As part of our overall strategy, we may acquire REITs and other real estate operating companies and we may also invest in the marketable securities of other REIT entities. During 2007 and 2006 we invested approximately $131.5 million and $267 million, respectively in the marketable securities of other REIT entities. As of the December 31, 2007, we had an unrealized loss of $(64,278) on our marketable securities compared to an unrealized gain of $20,470 at December 31, 2006. 
 
 Distributions 
 
 We declared cash distributions to our stockholders per weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period from January 1, 2007 to December 31, 2007 totaling $242.6 million or $.611 per share. Beginning with the distribution paid on December 12, 2007, we increased our monthly distribution to $.05167 per share from $.05083 per share. We expect to continue paying monthly cash distributions at a per share rate of $.05167 through the remainder of 2008. These cash distributions were paid from our cash flow from operations which were $263.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2007. 
 
 Financing Activities and Contractual Obligations 
 
 Stock Offering 
 
 Our initial offering of shares of common stock terminated as of the close of business on July 31, 2007. We had sold a total of 469,598,762 shares in the primary offering and approximately 9,720,991 shares pursuant to the offering of shares through the dividend reinvestment plan. A follow-on registration statement for an offering of up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock at $10.00 each and up to 40,000,000 shares at $9.50 each pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan was declared effective by the SEC on August 1, 2007. Through December 31, 2007, we had sold a total of 62,491,002 shares in the follow-on offering and 6,358,234 shares pursuant to the offering of shares through the dividend reinvestment plan. Our total offering costs for both our initial and follow on-offering as of December 31, 2007 were approximately $557.1 million. 
 
 Borrowings 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 we borrowed approximately $25.5 and $33.8 million, respectively, against our portfolio of marketable securities. We borrowed approximately $1.6 billion secured by mortgages on our properties and paid approximately $18.6 million for loan fees to procure these mortgages for the year ended December 31, 2007. We borrowed approximately $604.5 million secured by mortgages on our properties and paid approximately $13.0 million for loan fees to procure these mortgages for the year ended December 31, 2006. 
 
 We have entered into interest rate lock agreements with lenders to fix interest rates on mortgage debt on identified properties we own or expect to purchase in the future. These agreements require us to deposit certain amounts with the lenders. The deposits are applied as credits as the loans are funded. As of December 31, 2007, we had approximately $4.5 million of rate lock deposits outstanding. The agreements fixed interest rates ranging from 4.54% to 6.93% on approximately $694.5 million in principal. There is no assurance, however, that the lenders will honor their commitments. As of December 31, 2007, we had in $50 million in rate lock agreements with Bear Stearns. Given the recent developments, there can be no assurance Bear Stearns will honor these agreements. During 2007, certain of the 

 -53- 
 
 lenders who are party to rate lock agreements asserted that due to material adverse changes in the market , they were no longer required to perform under the rate lock agreements we had with them on future unidentified property acquisitions. We chose to expense approximately $5.0 million dollars in rate lock deposits and breakage fees. These costs are included in interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Our interest rate risk is monitored using a variety of techniques, including periodically evaluating fixed interest rate quotes on all variable rate debt and the costs associated with converting the debt to fixed rate debt. Also, existing fixed and variable rate loans that are scheduled to mature in the next year or two are evaluated for possible early refinancing and or extension due to consideration given to current interest rates. The table below presents, on a consolidated basis, the principal amount, weighted average interest rates and maturity date (by year) on our mortgage debt as of December 31, 2007 (dollar amounts are stated in thousands). 

 2008 
 2009 
 2010 
 2011 
 2012 
 Thereafter 
 
 Maturing debt : 
 
 Fixed rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 - 
 - 
 161,000 
 79,541 
 94,027 
 2,227,750 
 
 Variable rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 283,923 
 38,391 
 36,858 
 16,214 
 7,776 
 14,000 

 Weighted average interest rate on debt: 
 
 Fixed rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 - 
 - 
 5.00 
 5.06 
 5.73 
 5.73 
 
 Variable rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 5.28 
 6.21 
 6.81 
 6.83 
 6.88 
 6.74 

 The debt maturity excludes mortgage discounts associated with debt assumed at acquisition of which $4.3 million, net of accumulated amortization, is outstanding as of December 31, 2007. 
 
 Recent volatility in the capital markets could expose the company to capital resource risk. We currently do not know the full extent to which the US credit markets disruption will affect us. However, we currently do not expect the market developments of which we are aware to have a materially negative impact on our business or our results of operations. Based upon our available cash balances as of December 31, 2007, anticipated common stock capital raise and potential borrowings, we believe we have sufficient liquidity to hold our real estate securities assets to maturity, and we are not dependent upon selling these investments in order to fund our operations or to meet our existing debt service requirements. 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows 2007 compared to 2006 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities was $263.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2007 and $65.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2006, respectively, and was generated primarily from operating income from property operations and interest and dividends. The increase in cash flows from the year ended December 31, 2006 to the year ended December 31, 2007 was due primarily to the acquisition of 624 properties since December 31, 2006. 
 
 Cash used in investing activities was $4.87 billion for the year ended December 31, 2007 and $1.55 billion for the year ended December 31, 2006, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2007, cash was used primarily for the acquisition of Winston Hotels, Inc. and Apple Hospitality Five, Inc., the acquisition of 547 properties, the purchase of marketable securities, the funding of six notes receivable, and funding into our joint ventures. 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities was $4.72 billion for the year ended December 31, 2007 and $1.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2006. During the year ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, we generated proceeds from the sale of shares, net of offering costs paid and share repurchases, of approximately $3.4 and $1.4 billion, respectively. We generated approximately $25.5 and $33.8 million by borrowing against our portfolio of marketable securities for the years ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively. We generated approximately $1.6 billion from borrowings secured by mortgages on our properties and paid approximately $18.6 million for loan fees to procure these mortgages for the year ended December 31, 2007. We generated approximately $604.6 million from borrowings secured by mortgages on our properties and paid approximately $13.0 million for loan fees to procure these mortgages for the year 

 -54- 
 
 ended December 31, 2006. During the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, we paid approximately $222.7 and $33.4 million in distributions to our common stockholders. We also paid off mortgage debt in the amount of $20.2 million in 2007. 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows 2006 compared to 2005 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities were approximately $65.9 million and $11.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively, and were generated primarily from operating income from property operations and interest and dividends. The increase in cash from 2005 to 2006 was due to the acquisition of 56 properties in 2006 and an entire year of cash flow for properties acquired in 2005. 
 
 Cash used in investing activities was approximately $1.6 billion and $811 million for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The 2006 cash was used primarily for the acquisition of 56 properties, the purchase of marketable securities and the funding of three notes receivables. The 2005 cash was used to acquire 37 properties and purchase marketable securities. 
 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities were approximately $1.8 billion and $836.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. During 2006 and 2005, we generated proceeds from the sale of shares, net of offering costs paid, of approximately $1.4 billion and $85.7 million, respectively. We generated approximately $33.8 million by borrowing against our portfolio of marketable securities for the year ended December 31, 2006 and $14.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2005. We generated approximately $604.5 million from borrowings secured by mortgages on 55 properties and paid approximately $13.0 million for loan fees to procure these mortgages for the year ended December 31, 2006. We generated approximately $213.6 million from borrowings secured by mortgages on three properties and paid approximately $3.5 million for loan fees to procure these mortgages for the year ended December 31, 2005. For the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, we generated approximately $40.1 and $517.5 million, respectively from the issuance of MB REIT preferred and common shares and paid approximately $264.0 million to redeem MB REIT preferred series C shares for the year ended December 31, 2006. MB REIT paid approximately $29.7 million and $2.1 million in distributions to its common and preferred stockholders for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 respectively. We paid approximately $33.4 million in distributions to our common stockholders and repaid related parties in the amount of $9.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2006 and we paid approximately $123 thousand in distributions to our common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2005. For the year ended December 31, 2005, our sponsor contributed amounts to pay the common stockholder distributions until funds from our operations were adequate to cover distributions. The sponsor contributed $0.8 million and advanced approximately $2.7 million for the payment of common share distributions and certain of our expenses. 
 
 We consider all demand deposits, money market accounts and investments in certificates of deposit and repurchase agreements with a maturity of six months or less, at the date of purchase, to be cash equivalents. We maintain our cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions. The combined account balances at one or more institutions periodically exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) insurance coverage and, as a result, there is a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. We believe that the risk is not significant, as we do not anticipate that any financial institution will be unable to perform. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 The table below presents, on a consolidated basis, obligations and commitments to make future payments under debt obligations (including interest), and lease agreements as of December 31, 2007 (dollar amounts are stated in thousands). 

 Payments due by period 
 
 Less than 
 More than 

 Total 
 1 year 
 1-3 years 
 3-5 years 
 5 years 

 Long-Term Debt Obligations 
 $ 
 4,651,084 
 451,391 
 762,438 
 762,293 
 2,674,962 

 Ground Lease Payments 
 $ 
 41,433 
 868 
 2,620 
 2,641 
 35,304 

 -55- 
 
 Capital commitments to partially owned Entities 
 
 We have acquired several properties subject to the obligation to pay the seller additional monies depending on the future leasing and occupancy of the property. These earnout payments are based on a predetermined formula. Each earnout agreement has a time limit regarding the obligation to pay any additional monies. If at the end of the time period, certain space has not been leased and occupied, we will not have any further obligation. Assuming all the conditions are satisfied, as of December 31, 2007, we would be obligated to pay as much as $24.2 million in the future as vacant space covered by these earnout agreements is occupied and becomes rent producing. The information in the above table does not reflect these contractual obligations. 
 
 We have entered into two interest rate swap agreements that have converted two of our mortgage loans from variable to fixed rates. One swap agreement is has a notional amount of $24.4 million with a fixed rate of 5.95% that matures on April 1, 2011. The second swap has a notional amount of $281.2 million with a fixed rate of 5.27% that matures on December 10, 2008. 
 
 As of December 31, 2007 we had outstanding commitments to purchase approximately $1.2 billion of real estate properties through March 31, 2008 and fund approximately $500 million into joint ventures. We intend on funding these acquisitions with cash on hand of approximately $400 million, anticipated capital raised through our second offering of approximately $550 million (net of offering costs) through March 31, 2008 and financing proceeds from assuming debt related to some of the acquisitions or financings that have been rate locked for specific identified properties that we have purchased or are included in the amount above of $1.1 billion. There can be no assurance that we will raise the capital from our second offering or that lenders will honor their lending commitments. 
 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Unconsolidated Real Estate Joint Ventures 
 
 Unconsolidated joint ventures are those where we are not the primary beneficiary of a VIE and we have substantial influence over but do not control the entity. We account for our interest in these ventures using the equity method of accounting. Our ownership percentage and related investment in each joint venture is summarized in the following table. (Dollar amounts stated in thousands). 

 Joint Venture 
 Ownership % 
 Investment at December 31, 2007 
 
 Net Lease Strategic Asset Fund L.P. 
 85% 
 $ 122,430 

 Cobalt Industrial REIT II 
 24% 
 51,215 

 Lauth Investment Properties, LLC 
 (a) 
 160,375 

 D.R. Stephens Institutional Fund, LLC 
 90% 
 57,974 

 New Stanley Associates, LLP 
 60% 
 9,621 

 Chapel Hill Hotel Associates, LLC 
 49% 
 10,394 

 Marsh Landing Hotel Associates, LLC 
 49% 
 4,802 

 Jacksonville Hotel Associates, LLC 
 48% 
 2,464 

 Inland CCC Homewood Hotel LLC 
 83% 
 1,846 

 Feldman Mall Properties, Inc. 
 (b) 
 53,964 

 Insurance Captive 
 22% 
 885 

 -56- 

 L-Street 
 20% 
 6,906 

 $ 482,876 

 (a) 
 We own 10% of the common stock and 100% of the preferred. 
 
 (b) 
 We own 9.85% of the common stock as of December 31, 2007. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 The lodging segment is seasonal in nature, reflecting higher revenue and operating income during the second and third quarters. This seasonality can be expected to cause fluctuations in our net property operations for the lodging segment. 
 
 Subsequent Events 
 
 We paid distributions to our stockholders of $.05167 per share totaling $28.0 million, $28.8 million and $29.7 million in January, February, and March 2008. 
 
 We are obligated under earnout agreements to pay additional funds after certain tenants move into the applicable vacant space and begin paying rent. During the period from January 1, 2008 through March 28, 2008, we funded earnouts totaling $7.0 million at ten of the existing properties and our joint venture partner contributed an earnout of $2.1 million into the joint venture. 
 
 The mortgage debt financings obtained subsequent to December 31, 2007, are detailed in the list below. 

 Property 
 Date of Financing 
 Approximate Amount of Loan ($) 
 Interest Per Annum 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Hilton University of Florida Hotel & Convention Center 
 01/09/2008 
 27,775,000 
 6.455% 
 02/01/2018 

 CFG Portfolio (1) 
 01/31/2008 
 200,000,000 
 (1) 
 01/31/2010 

 Landings at Clear Lake Apartments 
 03/14/2008 
 18,590,000 
 4.720% 
 04/01/2013 

 Atlas Cold Storage Portfolio 
 (7 Properties) 
 03/18/2008 
 50,000,000 
 LIBOR + 2.25% (2) 
 03/31/2013 

 SunTrust 
 03/28/2008 
 34,311,000 
 5.65% 
 03/31/2013 

 SunTrust 
 03/28/2008 
 34,500,000 
 5.75% 
 03/31/2013 

 SunTrust 
 03/28/2008 
 33,062,000 
 LIBOR + 155 (3) 
 03/31/2013 

 SunTrust 
 03/28/2008 
 35,450,000 
 LIBOR + 150 (4) 
 03/31/2010 

 (1) 
 The CFG Portfolio consists of 158 retail banking properties known as Citizens Banks that we purchased on June 14, 2007 and June 26, 2007. The loan may be extended for two one-year periods subject to a $100,000 extension fee per year. The annual interest rate of the loan is based on LIBOR plus 175 basis points and we are required to make interest only payments on the loan. 
 
 (2) 
 The Company entered into an interest rate swap on March 28, 2008 to fix our rate at 5.06%. 

 -57- 
 
 (3) 
 The Company entered into an interest rate swap on March 28, 2008 to fix our rate at 4.87%. 
 
 (4) 
 The Company entered into an interest rate swap on March 28, 2008 to fix our rate at 3.90%. 
 
 RLJ Urban Lodging Master, LLC. On February 8, 2008, we consummated the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 12, 2007, as amended (the &#147;Merger Agreement&#148;), among the Company, RLJ Urban Lodging Master, LLC (&#147;Lodging Master&#148;) and RLJ Urban Lodging REIT, LLC and RLJ Urban Lodging REIT (PF#1), LLC, which together owned all of the membership interests of Lodging Master (together, the &#147;Sellers&#148; and, collectively with the Company and Lodging Master, the &#147;Parties&#148;). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Lodging Master has merged with and into Inland American Urban Hotels, Inc., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (&#147;Urban Hotels&#148;), with Urban Hotels continuing as the surviving entity of the merger. At the closing of the merger, the Company paid a total of $893.4 million, including debt assumed as part of the merger plus new debt incurred concurrent with closing, to purchase all of the membership interests of Lodging Master. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the purchase price may be adjusted up or down based on certain adjustments that will be determined within the ninety days following closing. The Company does not anticipate that the adjustments will increase or decrease the purchase price by more than $1 million. The transaction costs also include the cost of breakage and swap fees associated with the debt assumed and incurred in the merger. On February 26, 2008, we paid our business manager, Inland American Business Manager & Advisor Inc., an acquisition fee associated with the merger of approximately $21.8 million. The business manager may receive up to an additional $0.5 million in payment of the acquisition fee, pending the outcome of the adjustments discussed above. 
 
 As noted above, at closing Lodging Master had approximately $364.2 million of long-term debt that remained in place and is thus part of the purchase price paid for Lodging Master. The Company refers to this indebtedness as the &#147;Assumed Loans.&#148; The Company also borrowed an additional $62.4 million, which is referred to herein as the &#147;New Loans&#148; and which together with the Assumed Loans are referred to as the &#147;Loans.&#148; At closing, the Company paid interest rate swap breakage fees of approximately $7.5 million and loan assumption fees of approximately $2.4 million with respect to the Assumed Loans. The terms of the Loans are described in more detail below. 
 
 The Assumed Loans consist of nineteen loans, each of which is secured by a first priority mortgage on one of the Acquired Hotels (as defined below). The Assumed Loans mature from April 2008 to September 2015. Five of the Assumed Loans bear interest at fixed rates ranging from 5.41% to 6.93% per annum and require the borrowers to make monthly payments of interest and principal until the loans mature. The remainder of the Assumed Loans bear interest at floating rates ranging from LIBOR plus 1.40% to LIBOR plus 2.50% per annum and require the borrowers to make interest-only payments on a monthly basis until the loans mature. As of the closing, the effective interest rates on these loans ranged from 4.52% to 5.62%. The New Loans consist of three loans, each of which is secured by a first priority mortgage on one of the Acquired Hotels. The New Loans mature from February 2009 to February 2010. The New Loans bear interest at floating rates ranging from LIBOR plus 1.70% to LIBOR plus 1.75% per annum and require the borrowers to make interest-only payments on a monthly basis until the loans mature. As of the closing, the effective interest rates on these loans ranged from 4.82% to 4.87%. The Company&#146;s subsidiaries, Inland American Lodging Corporation and Inland American Lodging Group, Inc., have agreed to guarantee the performance of the obligations of the borrowers with respect to certain losses that may be caused by certain acts of misconduct of the borrowers, for example, any fraud or willful destruction of the property securing the Loans. 
 
 As a result of the merger, the Company, through Urban Hotels, has acquired a portfolio of twenty-two full and select-service hotels (the &#147;Acquired Hotels&#148;) located primarily in and around major urban markets across the United States, including Atlanta, Georgia, Baltimore, Maryland, Chicago, Illinois and Washington, D.C. This portfolio includes, among others, four Residence Inn by Marriott hotels, four Courtyard by Marriott hotels, four Hilton Garden Inn hotels and two Embassy Suites hotels. The Acquired Hotels contain an aggregate of 4,061 rooms. 
 
 Parkway Centre North &#150; Phases I and II . On January 11, 2008, Stringtown Partners North, LLC exercised its right to require us to purchase its interest in this joint venture. We purchased the interest for approximately $8.3 million, and now own 100% of the equity interests in the joint venture. 
 
 The Market at Hamilton. On January 15, 2008, Hamilton Road Retail, LLC exercised its right to require us to purchase its interests in this joint venture. On January 30, 2008, we paid Hamilton Road Retail, LLC approximately $3.7 million for its interests, and now own 100% of the equity interests in the joint venture. 

 -58- 
 
 Parkway Centre North - Outlot Building B . On January 15, 2008, BA-Grove City North, LLC exercised its right to require us to purchase its interests in this joint venture. On January 30, 2008, we paid BA-Grove City North LLC approximately $1.0 million for its interests, and now own 100% of the equity interests in the joint venture 
 
 Woodbridge Crossing, L.P. On January 24, 2008, we, through a wholly owned subsidiary, entered into an agreement with Direct Retail, L.L.C. (referred to herein as &#147;Direct Retail&#148;) to form &#147;Woodbridge Crossing GP, L.L.C.,&#148; referred to herein as the &#147;general partner.&#148; Also on January 24, 2008, the general partner, our subsidiary and DSW Investments 08-1, J.V., an unaffiliated third party (referred to herein as &#147;DSW&#148;), entered into an agreement to form a joint venture to be known as &#147;Woodbridge Crossing, L.P.&#148; The purpose of the venture is to acquire certain land located in Wylie, Texas and then to develop and construct a 50,000 square foot shopping center on that land. The venture has a term of ten years. 
 The total cost of acquiring and developing the land is expected to be approximately $49.4 million. On February 15, 2008, we contributed approximately $14.1 million, or 73% of the capital, to the venture. We will receive a 11% preferred return. 
 
 Net Lease Strategic Assets Fund L.P. On February 20, 2008, we and The Lexington Master Limited Partnership (&#147;LMLP&#148;) and LMLP GP LLC, each an affiliate of Lexington Realty Trust (NYSE: &#147;LXP&#148;), referred to herein as &#147;Lexington,&#148; agreed to revise certain of the terms of the joint venture known as Net Lease Strategic Assets Fund L.P. Under the revised terms, ten properties have been excluded from the venture&#146;s initial target portfolio. Consequently, the initial portfolio of properties that the venture intends to acquire now consists of forty-three primarily single-tenant net leased assets, referred to herein as the &#147;Initial Properties,&#148; with an aggregate purchase price of $747.5 million (including the assumption of approximately $330.3 million of non-recourse first mortgage financing and $4 million in estimated closing costs). The Initial Properties contain an aggregate of more than six million net rentable square feet. Under the revised terms of the venture, we are required to contribute approximately $210 million to the venture toward the purchase of the Initial Portfolio. As previously disclosed in our Supplement No. 17, we have already contributed approximately $121.9 million to the venture; these funds were used to purchase thirty of the Initial Properties from Lexington and its subsidiaries for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $408.5 million. On March 25, 2008, the company contributed $72.5 million to the venture; these funds were used to purchase eleven assets from Lexington for an aggregate purchase price of $270.2 million. If the venture does not complete the acquisition of the remaining Initial Properties by June 30, 2008, the venture may not purchase those properties. 
 
 The terms of the joint venture also have been modified to revise the sequence of distributions that will be paid on any future capital contributions by us and LMLP. More specifically, we and LMLP intend to invest an additional $127.5 million and $22.5 million, respectively, in the venture to acquire additional specialty single-tenant &#147;triple-net&#148; leased assets. With respect to these contributions, after the preferred returns and the preferred equity redemption amounts have been paid, we and LMLP will be entitled to receive distributions until the point at which we have received distributions equal to the amount of capital we have invested, on a pro rata basis. 
 
 Cityville Dallas Haskell. On February 25, 2008, our wholly owned subsidiary, Inland American Communities Group, Inc., referred to herein as &#147;Communities,&#148; purchased a 9.9 acre parcel of land located in Dallas, Texas. The purchase price for this land was approximately $26.4 million. Communities intends to develop this land, in two phases, into a conventional housing facility, comprised of approximately 600 apartment units, and approximately 65,000 square feet of retail space. Communities anticipates that the construction and development of this land will last approximately five years and will cost approximately $92.3 million. Communities has an option to purchase an additional acre adjacent to the land, which it would redevelop in connection with its overall development of this land. 
 
 PDG/Inland Concord Venture, L.L.C. On March 10, 2008, we, through a wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a joint venture with GKK-Concord, Ltd. The purpose of the joint venture is to acquire four parcels of land known as Christenbury Corners, located in Concord, North Carolina, and to develop a 404,593 square foot retail center on that land. We will receive a preferred return, paid on a quarterly basis, in an amount equal to 11% per annum on our capital contribution through the first twenty-four months after the date of our initial investment; if we maintain our investment in the project for more than twenty-four months, we will receive a preferred return in an amount equal to 12% per annum over the remainder of the term. On March 10, 2008, we contributed $11 million to the venture. 
 
 SunTrust Bank Portfolio (Sale-Leaseback). On March 28, 2008, the Company purchased fee simple interests in a portfolio of 143 single tenant retail banking facilities from an unaffiliated third party, SunTrust Bank, for approximately $230 million in cash. All of the properties within this portfolio are single tenant facilities with SunTrust Bank as the tenant. SunTrust Bank has agreed lease each facility for a term of ten years, commencing in March 2008. 

 -59- 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are subject to market risk associated with changes in interest rates both in terms of variable-rate debt and the price of new fixed-rate debt upon maturity of existing debt and for acquisitions. We are also subject to market risk associated with our marketable securities investments. 
 
 Our interest rate risk management objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. If market rates of interest on all of the floating rate debt permanently increased by 1%, the increase in interest expense on the floating rate debt would decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately $4.0 million. If market rates of interest on all of the floating rate debt permanently decreased by 1%, the decrease in interest expense on the floating rate debt would increase future earnings and cash flows by approximately $4.0 million. 
 
 With regard to variable rate financing, we assess interest rate cash flow risk by continually identifying and monitoring changes in interest rate exposures that may adversely impact expected future cash flows and by evaluating hedging opportunities. We maintain risk management control systems to monitor interest rate cash flow risk attributable to both of our outstanding or forecasted debt obligations as well as our potential offsetting hedge positions. The risk management control systems involve the use of analytical techniques, including cash flow sensitivity analysis, to estimate the expected impact of changes in interest rates on our future cash flows. 
 
 We monitor interest rate risk using a variety of techniques, including periodically evaluating fixed interest rate quotes on all variable rate debt and the costs associated with converting the debt to fixed rate debt. Also, existing fixed and variable rate loans that are scheduled to mature in the next year or two are evaluated for possible early refinancing and or extension due to consideration given to current interest rates. The table below presents mortgage debt principal amounts and weighted average interest rates by year and expected maturity to evaluate the expected cash flows and sensitivity to interest rate changes (dollar amounts are stated in thousands). 

 2008 
 2009 
 2010 
 2011 
 2012 
 Thereafter 
 
 Maturing debt : 
 
 Fixed rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 - 
 - 
 161,000 
 79,541 
 94,027 
 2,227,750 
 
 Variable rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 283,923 
 38,391 
 36,858 
 16,214 
 7,776 
 14,000 

 Weighted average interest rate on debt: 
 
 Fixed rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 - 
 - 
 5.00 
 5.06 
 5.73 
 5.73 
 
 Variable rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 5.28 
 6.21 
 6.81 
 6.83 
 6.88 
 6.74 

 The debt maturity excludes mortgage discounts associated with debt assumed at acquisition of which $4.3 million, net of accumulated amortization, is outstanding as of December 31, 2007. 
 
 We may use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on loans secured by our properties. To the extent we do, we are exposed to credit risk and market risk. Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. When the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes us, which creates credit risk for us. When the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we owe the counterparty and, therefore, it does not possess credit risk. It is our policy to enter into these transactions with the same party providing the financing. In the alternative, we will seek to minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with what we believe are high-quality counterparties. Market risk is the adverse effect on the value of a financial instrument that results from a change in interest rates. The market risk associated with interest-rate contracts is managed by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of market risk that may be undertaken. 

 -60- 
 
 We have, and may in the future enter into, derivative positions that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. Because these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, the gains or losses resulting from their mark-to-market at the end of each reporting period are recognized as an increase or decrease in &#147;interest expense&#148; on our consolidated statements of income. In addition, we are, and may in the future be, subject to additional expense based on the notional amount of the derivative positions and a specified spread over LIBOR. During 2007 we recognized losses of approximately $1.46 million from these positions. 
 
 Equity Price Risk 
 
 We are exposed to equity price risk as a result of our investments in marketable equity securities. Equity price risk changes as the volatility of equity prices changes or the values of corresponding equity indices change. 
 
 Other than temporary impairments were $21.7 millionfor the year ended December 31, 2007. The overall stock market and REIT stocks have declined since mid-2007, including our REIT stock investments, which have resulted in our recognizing impairments. We believe that our investments will continue to generate dividend income and, if the REIT market recovers, we could continue to recognize gains on sale. However, due to general economic and credit market uncertainties it is difficult to project where the REIT market and our portfolio value will be in 2008. If our stock positions do not recover in 2008, we could take additional impairment losses, which could be material to our operations. 
 
 While it is difficult to project what factors may affect the prices of equity sectors and how much the effect might be, the table below illustrates the impact of a ten percent increase and a ten percent decrease in the price of the equities held by us would have on the value of the total assets and the book value of the Company as of December 31, 2007. (dollar amounts stated in thousands) 

 Hypothetical 10% Decrease in 
 Hypothetical 10% Increase in 
 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 Market Value 
 Market Value 
 
 Marketable equity securities 
 305,808 
 241,862 
 (24,186) 
 24,186 

 Derivatives 
 
 The following table summarizes our interest rate swap contracts outstanding as of December 31, 2007 (dollar amounts stated in thousands): 

 SWAP End 
 Pay 
 Receive Floating 
 Notional 
 Fair Value as of 
 
 Date Entered 
 Effective Date 
 Date (1) 
 Fixed Rate 
 Rate Index 
 Amount 
 December 31, 2007 (2) 

 November 16, 2007 
 November 20, 2007 
 April 1, 2011 
 4.45% 
 1 month LIBOR 
 $ 24,425 
 (501) 
 
 December 14, 2007 
 December 18, 2007 
 December 8, 2008 
 4.32% 
 1 month LIBOR 
 281,168 
 (963) 

 $ 305,593 
 $ (1,464) 

 (1) Swap end date represents the outside date of the interest rate swap for the purpose of establishing its fair value. 
 
 (2) The fair value was determined by a discounted cash flow model based on changes in interest rates. 
 
 We and MB REIT entered into a put/call agreement as a part of the MB REIT transaction. This agreement is considered a derivative instrument and is accounted for pursuant to SFAS No. 133. Derivatives are required to be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. If the derivative is designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings. The fair value of the put/call agreement is estimated using the Black-Scholes model. 

 -61- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 

 Index 
 
 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Page 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 63 

 Financial Statements: 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006 
 64 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 
 66 

 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 
 68 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 
 70 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 73 

 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Schedule III) 
 106 

 Schedules not filed: 
 
 All schedules other than the one listed in the Index have been omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the financial statements or related notes. 

 -62- 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc.: 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income, stockholders&#146; equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2007. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the financial statement schedule III. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the management of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2007, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 

 /s/ KPMG LLP 

 Chicago, Illinois 
 March 29, 2008 

 -63- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Assets 

 December 31, 2007 
 December 31, 2006 
 
 Assets: 
 
 Investment properties: 
 
 Land 
 $ 
 1,162,281 
 $ 
 332,113 
 
 Building and other improvements 
 5,004,809 
 1,913,794 
 
 Construction in progress 
 204,218 
 - 

 6,371,308 
 2,245,907 
 
 Less accumulated depreciation 
 (160,046) 
 (38,983) 

 Net investment properties 
 6,211,262 
 2,206,924 

 Cash and cash equivalents (including cash held by management company of $27,106 and $4,118 as of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively) 
 409,360 
 302,492 
 
 Restricted cash (Note 2) 
 17,696 
 41,387 
 
 Restricted escrow (Note 2) 
 24,465 
 22,415 
 
 Investment in marketable securities (Note 5) 
 248,065 
 143,444 
 
 Investment in unconsolidated entities (Note 1) 
 482,876 
 15,683 
 
 Accounts and rents receivable (net of allowance of $1,069 and $605 as of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively) 
 47,527 
 14,294 
 
 Notes receivable (Note 4) 
 281,221 
 53,152 
 
 Due from related parties (Note 3) 
 1,026 
 88 
 
 Acquired in-place lease intangibles (net of accumulated amortization of $63,566 and $13,727 as of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively) 
 339,433 
 205,853 
 
 Acquired above market lease intangibles (net of accumulated amortization of $2,930 and $583 as of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively) 
 12,673 
 8,333 
 
 Loan fees and leasing commissions (net of accumulated amortization of $2,631 and $559 as of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively) 
 32,941 
 16,109 
 
 Deferred tax asset (Note 9) 
 3,552 
 - 
 
 Other assets 
 99,661 
 9,863 

 Total assets 
 $ 
 8,211,758 
 $ 
 3,040,037 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -64- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

 December 31, 2007 
 December 31, 2006 
 
 Liabilities: 
 
 Mortgages, notes and margins payable (Note 8) 
 $ 
 3,028,647 
 $ 
 1,107,113 
 
 Accounts payable 
 52,509 
 3,109 
 
 Accrued offering costs to related parties 
 3,856 
 3,557 
 
 Accrued offering costs to non-related parties 
 1,225 
 1,832 
 
 Accrued interest payable 
 3,019 
 941 
 
 Tenant improvement payable 
 1,683 
 2,667 
 
 Accrued real estate taxes 
 24,636 
 9,035 
 
 Distributions payable 
 28,008 
 8,099 
 
 Security deposits 
 3,032 
 1,587 
 
 Prepaid rental and recovery income and other liabilities 
 40,020 
 15,925 
 
 Acquired below market lease intangibles (net of accumulated amortization of $3,669 and $1,011 as of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively) 
 40,556 
 21,000 
 
 Restricted cash liability (Note 2) 
 17,696 
 41,387 
 
 Other financings (Note 1) 
 61,665 
 47,762 
 
 Due to related parties (Note 3) 
 1,690 
 2,390 
 
 Deferred income tax liability (Note 9) 
 1,506 
 1,393 

 Total liabilities 
 3,309,748 
 1,267,797 

 Minority interest (Note 1) 
 287,915 
 288,299 

 Stockholders' equity: 
 
 Preferred stock, $.001 par value, 40,000,000 shares authorized, none outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, $.001 par value, 1,460,000,000 shares authorized, 548,168,989 and 168,620,150 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively 
 548 
 169 
 
 Additional paid in capital (net of offering costs of $557,122 and $178,012 as of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, of which $530,522 and $159,357 was paid or accrued to affiliates as of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively) 
 4,905,710 
 1,504,503 
 
 Accumulated distributions in excess of net income (loss) 
 (227,885) 
 (41,201) 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 (64,278) 
 20,470 

 Total stockholders' equity 
 4,614,095 
 1,483,941 

 Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 

 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 $ 
 8,211,758 
 3,040,037 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -65- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 
 December 31, 2007 
 December 31, 2006 
 December 31, 2005 

 Income: 
 
 Rental income 
 $ 
 280,736 
 $ 
 98,419 
 $ 
 6,152 
 
 Tenant recovery income 
 55,192 
 21,547 
 509 
 
 Other property income 
 16,416 
 3,236 
 7 
 
 Lodging income 
 126,392 
 - 
 - 

 Total income 
 478,736 
 123,202 
 6,668 

 Expenses: 
 
 General and administrative expenses to related parties 
 6,412 
 4,318 
 339 
 
 General and administrative expenses to non-related parties 
 13,054 
 3,295 
 927 
 
 Property and lodging operating expenses to related parties 
 14,328 
 4,850 
 359 
 
 Property operating expenses to non- related parties 
 45,350 
 16,101 
 267 
 
 Lodging operating expenses 
 75,412 
 - 
 - 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 39,665 
 11,840 
 361 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 174,163 
 49,681 
 3,459 
 
 Business manager management fee 
 9,000 
 2,400 
 - 

 Total expenses 
 377,384 
 92,485 
 5,712 

 Operating income 
 $ 
 101,352 
 $ 
 30,717 
 $ 
 956 

 Interest and dividend income 
 84,288 
 22,164 
 1,663 
 
 Other income (loss) 
 (2,145) 
 (28) 
 (235) 
 
 Interest expense 
 (108,060) 
 (31,553) 
 (1,412) 
 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated entities 
 4,477 
 1,903 
 (7) 
 
 Impairment of investment in unconsolidated entities 
 (10,084) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Realized gain (loss) on investment securities, net 
 (2,466) 
 4,096 
 - 

 Income before income taxes and minority interest 
 $ 
 67,362 
 $ 
 27,299 
 $ 
 965 

 Income tax benefit (expense) (Note 9) 
 (2,093) 
 (1,393) 
 - 
 
 Minority interest 
 (9,347) 
 (24,010) 
 (2,422) 

 Net income (loss) applicable to common shares 
 $ 
 55,922 
 $ 
 1,896 
 $ 
 (1,457) 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -66- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 
 December 31, 2007 
 December 31,2006 
 December 31, 2005 

 Other comprehensive income (loss): 
 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities 
 (75,123) 
 20,425 
 182 
 
 Reversal of unrealized (gain) loss to realized gain (loss) on investment securities 
 (9,625) 
 (137) 
 - 

 Comprehensive income (loss) 
 $ 
 (28,826) 
 $ 
 22,184 
 $ 
 (1,275) 
 
 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders per common share, basic and diluted 
 $ 
 .14 
 $ 
 .03 
 $ 
 (1.65) 
 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 396,752,280 
 68,374,630 
 884,058 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -67- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 
 
 Number of Shares 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Accumulated 
Distributions in excess of Net Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Total 

 Balance at December 31, 2004 
 20,000 
 - 
 200 
 (24) 
 - 
 176 

 Net loss applicable to common shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (1,457) 
 - 
 (1,457) 
 
 Unrealized gain on investment securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 182 
 182 

 Distributions declared 
 (438) 
 - 
 (438) 
 
 Proceeds from offering 
 9,846,224 
 10 
 98,332 
 - 
 - 
 98,342 
 
 Offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 (13,147) 
 - 
 - 
 (13,147) 
 
 Proceeds from distribution reinvestment program 
 7,610 
 - 
 72 
 - 
 - 
 72 
 
 Contribution from sponsor advances 
 - 
 - 
 800 
 - 
 - 
 800 
 
 Issuance of stock options and discounts on shares issued to affiliates 
 - 
 - 
 153 
 - 
 - 
 153 

 Balance at December 31, 2005 
 9,873,834 
 10 
 86,410 
 (1,919) 
 182 
 84,683 

 Net income applicable to common shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,896 
 - 
 1,896 
 
 Unrealized gain on investment securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,425 
 20,425 
 
 Reversal of unrealized (gain) loss to realized gain (loss) on investment securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (137) 
 (137) 
 
 Distributions declared 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (41,178) 
 (41,178) 
 
 Proceeds from offering 
 156,569,365 
 157 
 1,562,073 
 - 
 - 
 1,562,230 
 
 Offering costs 
 - 
 (164,865) 
 - 
 - 
 (164,865) 
 
 Proceeds from distribution reinvestment program 
 2,202,357 
 2 
 20,920 
 - 
 - 
 20,922 
 
 Shares repurchased 
 (25,406) 
 - 
 (235) 
 - 
 - 
 (235) 
 
 Issuance of stock options and discounts on shares issued to affiliates 
 - 
 - 
 200 
 - 
 - 
 200 

 Balance at December 31, 2006 
 168,620,150 
 169 
 1,504,503 
 (41,201) 
 20,470 
 1,483,941 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -68- 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 Number of Shares 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Accumulated 
Distributions in excess of Net Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Total 

 Balance at December 31, 2006 
 168,620,150 
 169 
 1,504,503 
 (41,201) 
 20,470 
 1,483,941 

 Net income applicable to common shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 55,922 
 - 
 55,922 
 
 Unrealized loss on investment securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (75,123) 
 (75,123) 
 
 Reversal of unrealized (gain) loss to realized gain (loss) on investment securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (9,625) 
 (9,625) 
 
 Distributions declared 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (242,606) 
 - 
 (242,606) 
 
 Proceeds from offering 
 366,968,611 
 364 
 3,659,182 
 - 
 - 
 3,659,546 
 
 Offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 (379,110) 
 - 
 - 
 (379,110) 
 
 Proceeds from distribution reinvestment program 
 13,869,258 
 16 
 131,748 
 - 
 - 
 131,764 
 
 Shares repurchased 
 (1,289,030) 
 (1) 
 (11,924) 
 - 
 - 
 (11,925) 
 
 Issuance of stock options and discounts on shares issued to affiliates 
 - 
 - 
 1,311 
 - 
 - 
 1,311 

 Balance at December 31, 2007 
 548,168,989 
 548 
 4,905,710 
 (227,885) 
 (64,278) 
 4,614,095 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -69- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 
 December 31, 2007 
 December 31, 2006 
 December 31, 2005 
 
 Cash flows from operations: 
 
 Net income (loss) applicable to common shares 
 $ 
 55,922 
 $ 
 1,896 
 $ 
 (1,457) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) applicable to common shares to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 
 Depreciation 
 121,063 
 36,231 
 2,752 
 
 Amortization 
 53,100 
 13,029 
 707 
 
 Amortization of loan fees 
 5,305 
 546 
 - 
 
 Amortization on acquired above market leases 
 2,558 
 574 
 9 
 
 Amortization on acquired below market leases 
 (2,714) 
 (977) 
 (34) 
 
 Amortization of mortgage discount 
 1,356 
 294 
 - 
 
 Straight-line rental income 
 (12,764) 
 (4,588) 
 (250) 
 
 Straight-line rental expense 
 75 
 66 
 3 
 
 Other expense (income) 
 80 
 435 
 237 
 
 Minority interests 
 9,347 
 24,010 
 2,422 
 
 Equity in loss (earnings) of unconsolidated entities 
 (4,477) 
 (778) 
 84 
 
 Distributions from unconsolidated entities 
 7,529 
 - 
 - 
 
 Impairment of investment in unconsolidated entities 
 10,084 
 - 
 - 
 
 Discount on shares issued to affiliates 
 1,311 
 200 
 153 
 
 Realized gain on investments in securities 
 (19,280) 
 (4,096) 
 - 
 
 Impairment of investments in securities 
 21,746 
 - 
 - 
 
 Changes in assets and liabilities: 
 
 Accounts and rents receivable 
 (17,641) 
 (8,606) 
 (762) 
 
 Accounts payable 
 35,673 
 1,663 
 1,371 
 
 Other assets 
 (6,840) 
 (3,518) 
 (310) 
 
 Accrued real estate taxes 
 (3,484) 
 6,905 
 (341) 
 
 Accrued interest payable 
 1,011 
 79 
 862 
 
 Prepaid rental and recovery income 
 7,991 
 (2,652) 
 4,649 
 
 Due to related parties 
 - 
 - 
 649 
 
 Other liabilities 
 (206) 
 3,759 
 751 
 
 Deferred income tax asset 
 (3,552) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred income tax liability 
 113 
 1,393 
 - 
 
 Security deposits 
 114 
 18 
 3 

 Net cash flows provided by operating activities 
 263,420 
 65,883 
 11,498 

 Cash flows from investing activities: 
 
 Purchase of Winston Hotels 
 (532,022) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Purchase of Apple Five 
 (617,175) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Purchase of investment securities 
 (266,950) 
 (131,470) 
 (24,350) 
 
 Sale of investment securities 
 75,115 
 36,941 
 - 
 
 Restricted escrows 
 2,453 
 12,341 
 (30,708) 
 
 Rental income under master leases 
 576 
 245 
 6 
 
 Acquired in-place lease intangibles 
 (186,112) 
 (173,261) 
 (46,319) 
 
 Tenant improvement payable 
 (2,196) 
 (2,754) 
 789 
 
 Purchase of investment properties 
 (2,448,648) 
 (1,235,594) 
 (707,993) 
 
 Acquired above market leases 
 (6,898) 
 (8,663) 
 (252) 
 
 Acquired below market leases 
 22,270 
 18,918 
 3,093 
 
 Investment in development projects 
 (196,628) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Investment in unconsolidated entities 
 (448,727) 
 (11,224) 
 (3,764) 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -70- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 
 December 31, 2007 
 December 31, 2006 
 December 31, 2005 

 Payment of leasing fees 
 (3,262) 
 (91) 
 - 
 
 Funding of notes receivable 
 (230,243) 
 (53,152) 
 - 
 
 Payoff of notes receivable 
 19,326 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other assets 
 (54,283) 
 (4,250) 
 (1,227) 

 Net cash flows used in investing activities 
 (4,873,404) 
 (1,552,014) 
 (810,725) 

 Cash flows from financing activities: 
 
 Proceeds from offering 
 3,659,546 
 1,562,233 
 98,341 
 
 Proceeds from the dividend reinvestment program 
 131,764 
 20,919 
 72 
 
 Shares repurchased 
 (11,925) 
 (235) 
 - 
 
 Payment of offering costs 
 (379,418) 
 (160,089) 
 (12,707) 
 
 Proceeds from mortgage debt and notes payable 
 1,566,482 
 604,566 
 213,557 
 
 Payoffs of mortgage debt 
 (20,194) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Principal payments of mortgage debt 
 (929) 
 (794) 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from margin securities debt 
 25,529 
 33,833 
 14,097 
 
 Payment of loan fees and deposits 
 (18,618) 
 (13,033) 
 (3,543) 
 
 Distributions paid 
 (222,697) 
 (33,394) 
 (123) 
 
 Distributions paid &#150; MB REIT 
 (11,050) 
 (29,658) 
 (2,077) 
 
 Due from related parties 
 (938) 
 363 
 2,592 
 
 Due to related parties 
 (700) 
 (6,258) 
 4,955 
 
 Proceeds of issuance of preferred shares and common shares &#150; MB REIT 
 - 
 40,125 
 517,483 
 
 Redemption of preferred shares - MB REIT 
 - 
 (264,003) 
 - 
 
 Sponsor advances 
 - 
 (3,081) 
 2,709 
 
 Contributions from sponsor 
 - 
 - 
 800 

 Net cash flows provided by financing activities 
 4,716,852 
 1,751,494 
 836,156 

 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 106,868 
 265,363 
 36,929 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of period 
 302,492 
 37,129 
 200 

 Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period 
 $ 
 409,360 
 $ 
 302,492 
 $ 
 37,129 

 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

 Purchase of investment properties 
 $ 
 (2,618,676) 
 $ 
 (1,535,826) 
 (710,512) 
 
 Tenant improvement liabilities assumed at acquisition 
 1,212 
 4,632 
 (89) 
 
 Real estate tax liabilities assumed at acquisition 
 13,069 
 529 
 1,942 
 
 Security deposit liabilities assumed at acquisition 
 1,331 
 900 
 666 
 
 Assumption of mortgage debt at acquisition 
 137,210 
 245,375 
 - 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -71- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 
 December 31, 2007 
 December 31, 2006 
 December 31, 2005 

 Mortgage discount recorded at acquisition 
 2,128 
 (3,814) 
 - 
 
 Asset retirement obligation liability recorded at acquisition 
 - 
 8,919 
 - 
 
 Assumption of lender held escrows at acquisition 
 1,175 
 (4,047) 
 - 
 
 Other assets recorded at acquisition 
 - 
 (24) 
 - 
 
 Other financings 
 13,903 
 47,762 
 - 

 (2,448,648) 
 (1,235,594) 
 (707,993) 

 Purchase of Winston Hotels 
 (843,137) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Assumption of mortgage debt at acquisition 
 209,952 
 - 
 - 
 
 Assumption of minority interest at acquisition 
 1,320 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash assumed at acquisition 
 65,978 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net liabilities assumed at acquisition 
 33,865 
 - 
 - 

 (532,022) 
 - 
 - 

 Purchase of Apple Five 
 (699,345) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash assumed at acquisition 
 78,898 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net liabilities assumed at acquisition 
 3,272 
 - 
 - 

 (617,175) 
 - 
 - 

 Cash paid for interest, net capitalized interest of $2,488 for 2007 
 $ 
 99,553 
 $ 
 3,462 
 $ 
 460 

 Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

 Distributions payable 
 $ 
 28,008 
 $ 
 8,099 
 $ 
 315 

 Accrued offering costs payable 
 $ 
 5,081 
 $ 
 5,389 
 $ 
 614 

 Write off of in-place lease intangibles, net 
 $ 
 2,136 
 $ 
 411 
 $ 
 - 

 Write off of building and other improvements 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 180 
 $ 
 - 

 Write off of above market lease intangibles, net 
 $ 
 186 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 - 

 Write off of below market lease intangibles, net 
 $ 
 40 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 - 

 Write off of loan fees 
 $ 
 39 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 - 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -72- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 (1) Organization 
 
 Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. (the Company ) was formed on October 4, 2004 (inception) to acquire and manage a diversified portfolio of commercial real estate, primarily retail properties and multi-family (both conventional and student housing), office, industrial and lodging properties, located in the United States and Canada. The Business Management Agreement (the Agreement ) provides for Inland American Business Manager & Advisor, Inc. (the Business Manager ), an affiliate of the Company's sponsor, to be the business manager to the Company. On August 31, 2005, the Company commenced an initial public offering (the Initial Offering ) of up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock ( Shares ) at $10.00 each and the issuance of 40,000,000 shares at $9.50 each which may be distributed pursuant to the Company's distribution reinvestment plan. On August 1, 2007, the Company commenced a second public offering (the Second Offering ) of up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock at $10.00 each and up to 40,000,000 shares at $9.50 each pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan. 
 
 The Company is qualified and has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, for federal income tax purposes commencing with the tax year ending December 31, 2005. Since the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to federal income tax on taxable income that is distributed to stockholders. A REIT is subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that it currently distributes at least 90% of its REIT taxable income to stockholders (determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and by excluding any net capital gain). If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, the Company will be subject to federal income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate tax rates. Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company may be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income, property, or net worth and federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed income. 
 
 The Company has elected to treat certain of its consolidated subsidiaries, and may in the future elect to treat newly formed subsidiaries, as taxable REIT subsidiaries pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code. Taxable REIT subsidiaries may participate in non-real estate related activities and/or perform non-customary services for tenants and are subject to federal and state income tax at regular corporate tax rates. The Company&#146;s hotels are leased to certain of the Company&#146;s taxable REIT subsidiaries. Lease revenue from these taxable REIT subsidiaries and its wholly-owned subsidiaries is eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company, as well as all wholly owned subsidiaries and consolidated joint venture investments. Wholly owned subsidiaries generally consist of limited liability companies (LLCs) and limited partnerships (LPs). The effects of all significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated. 

 -73- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 Consolidated entities 
 
 Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. 
 
 The Company has an ownership interest in Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. ( MB REIT ). MB REIT is not considered a VIE as defined in FASB Interpretation No. 46R (Revised 2003): &#147;Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities - An Interpretation of ARB No. 51&#148; (&#147;FIN 46(R)&#148;), however the Company has a controlling financial interest in MB REIT, has the direct ability to make major decisions for MB REIT through its voting interests, and holds key management positions in MB REIT. Therefore this entity is consolidated by the Company and the outside ownership interests are reflected as minority interests in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 A put/call agreement that was entered into by the Company and MB REIT as a part of the MB REIT transaction on October 11, 2005 grants Minto (Delaware), LLC, referred to herein as MD, certain rights to sell its shares of MB REIT stock back to MB REIT. The agreement is considered a free standing financial instrument and is accounted for pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 150 &#147;Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity ( Statement 150 ) and Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 &#147;Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities&#148; (&#147;Statement 133&#148;). Derivatives, whether designated in hedging relationships or not, are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. If the derivative is designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings. This derivative was not designated as a hedge. 
 
 Utley Residential Company L.P. 
 
 On May 18, 2007, the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Inland American Communities Group, Inc. (&#147;Communities&#148;), purchased the assets of Utley related to the development of conventional and student housing for approximately $23,100, including rights to its existing development projects. The company paid $13,100 at closing with $10,000 of the purchase price to be paid upon the presentation of future development projects. 
 
 Village at Stonebriar LLC 
 
 On July 9, 2007, the Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, entered into an agreement with third parties (together referred to herein as the &#147;Class A Members&#148;) to form a joint venture to be known as the Village at Stonebriar LLC (&#147;Stonebriar&#148;). Stonebriar acquired two tracts of land located in Plano, Texas, and intends to develop and construct a commercial retail shopping center on that land in three phases. The total cost of acquiring and developing the land is expected to be approximately $55,000 for the first two phases of the project, and approximately $66,000 for the third phase of the project. As of December 31, 2007, the Company had contributed $20,000 to Stonebriar. The Company may be required to contribute an additional $11,300 to the Stonebriar if the Class A Members determine that an additional contribution is necessary to complete the project. The Class A Members have contributed their rights, title and interest related to this development project. 
 
 The Company's capital contribution will entitle it to a preferred distribution equal to 12% per annum. After the Company has received its preferred distribution and each member has been repaid in connection with any loans that it made to the venture, each of the Class A Members will receive 50% of the remaining net cash from the venture&#146;s operations. Stonebriar is considered a VIE as defined in FIN 46R, and the Company is considered the primary beneficiary of Stonebriar. Therefore, this entity is consolidated by the Company and the outside interests are reflected as minority interests in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 -74- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 Stone Creek Crossing, L.P. 
 
 On September 24, 2007, the Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, entered into an agreement with Direct Retail, L.L.C. (referred to herein as &#147;Direct Retail&#148;) to form &#147;Stone Creek Crossing GP, L.L.C.,&#148; referred to herein as the &#147;general partner.&#148; Also on September 24, 2007, the general partner, the Company&#146;s subsidiary and S&D Investments 06-4, J.V., an unaffiliated third party (referred to herein as &#147;S&D&#148;), entered into an agreement to form a joint venture to be known as &#147;Stone Creek Crossing, L.P.&#148; The purpose of the venture is to acquire certain land located in San Marcos, Texas and then to develop and construct a commercial real estate shopping center on that land in two phases. The venture has a term of ten years. 
 
 The total cost of acquiring and developing the land is expected to be approximately $76,100 for both phases of the project. On October 1, 2007, the Company contributed $25,762, or 100% of the capital, to the venture. The venture is required to pay the Company a 11% cumulative return on our capital contribution until the aggregate capital contribution has been reduced to zero; and thereafter, to S&D. The general partner will manage the business of the venture, and all of the individual management duties have been specifically delegated to Direct Retail, except for major decisions. Stone Creek is considered a VIE as defined in FIN 46R, and the Company is considered the primary beneficiary of Stone Creek. Therefore, this entity is consolidated by the Company and the outside interests are reflected as minority interests in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Other 
 
 The Company has ownership interests of 67% to 80% in LLCs which own eleven shopping centers. These entities are considered VIEs as defined in FIN 46(R), and the Company is considered the primary beneficiary of each LLC. Therefore, these entities are consolidated by the Company. The LLC agreements contain a put/call provision which grants the right to the outside owners and the Company to require the LLCs to redeem the ownership interests of the outside owners during future periods. These put/call agreements are embedded in the LLC agreement and are accounted for in accordance with EITF 00-04 Majority Owner's Accounting for a Transaction in the Shares of a Consolidated Subsidiary and a Derivative Indexed to the Minority Interest in that Subsidiary. Because the outside ownership interests are subject to a put/call arrangement requiring settlement for a fixed amount, the LLCs are treated as 100% owned subsidiaries by the Company with the amount due the outside owners reflected as a financing and included within other financings in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. Interest expense is recorded on these liabilities in an amount generally equal to the preferred return due to the outside owners as provided in the LLC agreements. 
 
 Unconsolidated entities 
 
 The entities listed below are owned by us and other unaffiliated parties in joint ventures. Net income, cash flow from operations and capital transactions for these properties are allocated to us and our joint venture partners in accordance with the respective partnership agreements. Except for our Insurance Captive and L-Street, these joint ventures are not considered Variable Interest Entities as defined in FIN 46(R), however, the Company does have significant influence over, but does not control the ventures. The Company's partners manage the day-to-day operations of the properties and holds key management positions. Therefore, these entities are not consolidated by the Company and the equity method of accounting is used to account for these investments. Under the equity method of accounting, the net equity investment of the Company and the Company's share of net income or loss from the unconsolidated entity are reflected on the consolidated balance sheets and the consolidated statements of operations. 

 Joint Venture 
 Description 
 Ownership % 
 Investment at December 31, 2007 
 Investment at December 31, 2006 
 
 Net Lease Strategic Asset Fund L.P. (a) 
 Diversified portfolio of net lease assets 
 85% 
 $ 122,430 
 $ - 

 -75- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 Cobalt Industrial REIT II (b) 
 Industrial portfolio 
 24% 
 51,215 
 - 

 Lauth Investment Properties, LLC (c) 
 Diversified real estate fund 
 (c) 
 160,375 
 - 

 D.R. Stephens Institutional Fund, LLC (d) 
 Industrial and R&D assets 
 90% 
 57,974 
 - 

 New Stanley Associates, LLP (e) 
 Lodging facility 
 60% 
 9,621 
 - 

 Chapel Hill Hotel Associates, LLC (e) 
 Courtyard by Marriott lodging facility 
 49% 
 10,394 
 - 

 Marsh Landing Hotel Associates, LLC (e) 
 Hampton Inn lodging facility 
 49% 
 4,802 
 - 

 Jacksonville Hotel Associates, LLC (e) 
 Courtyard by Marriott lodging facility 
 48% 
 2,464 
 - 

 Inland CCC Homewood Hotel LLC (f) 
 Lodging development 
 83% 
 1,846 
 - 

 Feldman Mall Properties, Inc. (g) 
 Publicly traded shopping center REIT 
 (g) 
 53,964 
 15,482 

 Oak Property & Casualty LLC (h) 
 Insurance Captive 
 22% 
 885 
 201 

 L-Street Marketplace, LLC (i) 
 Retail center development 
 20% 
 6,906 
 - 

 $ 482,876 
 $ 15,683 

 (a) 
 On December 20, 2007, Net Lease Strategic Assets Fund L.P. acquired thirty primarily single-tenant net leased assets from Lexington Realty Trust and its subsidiaries for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $408,500, including assumption of debt. We contributed approximately $121,900 to the venture for the purchase of these properties. The thirty properties contain, in the aggregate, more than 3,500 net rentable square feet and are located in twenty-three states. Our investment is entitled to a 9% preferred dividend. See Subsequent Events footnote for additional disclosures. 
 
 (b) 
 On June 29, 2007, the Company entered into the venture to invest up to $149,000 in shares of common beneficial interest. The Company's investment gives it the right to a preferred dividend equal to 9% per annum. 
 
 (c) 
 On June 8, 2007, the Company entered into the venture for the purpose of funding the development and ownership of real estate projects in the office, distribution, retail, healthcare and mixed-use markets. Under 

 -76- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 the joint venture agreement, the Company will invest up to $253,000 in exchange for the Class A Participating Preferred Interests for a 9.5% preferred dividend. The Company owns 5% of the common stock and 100% of the preferred. 
 
 (d) 
 On April 27, 2007, the Company entered into the venture to acquire and redevelop or reposition industrial and research and development oriented properties located initially in the San Francisco Bay and Silicon Valley areas. Under the joint venture agreement the Company will invest approximately $90,000 and is entitled to a preferred to 8.5% per annum. 
 
 (e) 
 Through the acquisition of Winston on July 1, 2007, the Company acquired joint venture interests in four hotels. 
 
 (f) 
 On September 20, 2007, the Company entered into a venture agreement for the purpose of developing a 111 room hotel in Homewood, Alabama. As of December, 31, 2007, Homewood Hotel has acquired a land parcel for future development of the hotel. 
 
 (g) 
 The Company current owns 1,283,500 common shares of Feldman Mall Properties, Inc. (&#147;Feldman&#148;) which represent 9.85% of the total outstanding shares at September 30, 2007. The Company's common stock investment was valued at $4,787 at December 31, 2007 based on the ending stock price of $3.73 per share. The Company has purchased 2,000,000 shares of series A preferred stock of Feldman Mall Properties, Inc. at a price of $25.00 per share, for a total investment of $50,000. The series A preferred stock has no stated maturity and has a liquidation preference of $25.00 per share (the Liquidation Preference ). Distributions will accumulate at 6.85% of the Liquidation Preference, payable at Feldman&#146;s regular distribution payment dates. The Company may convert its shares of series A preferred stock, in whole or in part, into Feldman&#146;s common stock after September 30, 2009, at an initial conversion ratio of 1:1.77305 (the Conversion Rate representing an effective conversion price of $14.10 per share of Feldman&#146;s common stock). Furthermore, the series A preferred stock grants the Company two seat on the Board of Directors of Feldman. This investment is recorded in investment in unconsolidated entities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the preferred return is recorded in equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 Because the Company has the ability to significantly influence Feldman through a seat on the Board of Directors of Feldman, the Company&#146;s investment in common stock of Feldman is retrospectively accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Such investment in common stock was previously accounted for as an investment in marketable securities. As a result of the retrospective application of the equity method to the investment in Feldman common shares, certain amounts as of December 31, 2006 were adjusted as follows: investment in marketable securities was decreased by $15,989, investment in unconsolidated entities was increased by $15,482, total assets decreased by $507, accumulated distributions in excess of net income (loss) was increased by $681, accumulated other comprehensive income was decreased by $1,188 and total stockholders&#146; equity decreased by $507. The 2006 amounts for the statement of operations and other comprehensive income were adjusted as follows: for the year ended December 31, 2006, interest and dividend income were decreased by $1,125 and the equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities was increased by $1,890, unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities was decreased by $870, and net income (loss) applicable to common shares decreased by $105. The 2005 amounts for the statement of operations and other comprehensive income were adjusted as follows: for the year ended December 31, 2005, interest and dividend income were decreased by $77 and the equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities was decreased by $7, unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities was decreased by $318, and net income (loss) applicable to common shares decreased by $84. 

 -77- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 Under Accounting Principles Board (APB) Opinion No. 18 (&#147;The Equity Method of Accounting for Investments in Common Stock&#148;), the Company evaluates its equity method investments for impairment indicators. The valuation analysis considers the investment positions in relation to the underlying business and activities of the Company's investment. Based on recent net losses and declines in the common stock price of Feldman, the Company has recognized a $10,084 impairment loss on its investment in unconsolidated entities. 
 
 (h) 
 The Company is a member of a limited liability company formed as an insurance association captive (the Insurance Captive ), which is owned in equal proportions by the Company and two other related REITs sponsored by the Company's sponsor, Inland Real Estate Corporation and Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc. and serviced by an affiliate of the Business Manager, Inland Risk and Insurance Management Services Inc. The Insurance Captive was formed to initially insure/reimburse the members' deductible obligations for the first $100 of property insurance and $100 of general liability insurance. The Company entered into the Insurance Captive to stabilize its insurance costs, manage its exposures and recoup expenses through the functions of the captive program. This entity is considered to be a VIE as defined in FIN 46(R) and the Company is not considered the primary beneficiary. This investment is accounted for utilizing the equity method of accounting. 
 
 (i) 
 On October 16, 2007, the Company entered into a venture agreement to develop a retail center, known as the L Street Marketplace. The total cost of developing the land is expected to be approximately $55,800. As of December 31, 2007, we had contributed $7,000 to the venture. Operating proceeds will be distributed 80% to 120-L and 20% to us. We also will be entitled to receive a preferred return equal to 9.0% of our capital contribution. This entity is considered to be a VIE as defined in FIN 46( R) and the Company is not considered a primary beneficiary. 
 
 Combined Financial Information 
 
 The Company's carrying value of its Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures differs from its share of the partnership or members equity reported in the combined balance sheet of the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures due to the Company's cost of its investment in excess of the historical net book values of the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures. The Company's additional basis allocated to depreciable assets is recognized on a straight-line basis over 30 years. 

 December 31, 

 2007 
 
 2006 

 (Dollars in thousands) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Balance Sheets: 

 Assets: 

 Real estate, net of accumulated depreciation 
 1,438,615 
 318,440 
 
 Other assets 
 455,879 
 100,947 

 Total Assets 
 1,894,494 
 419,387 

 Liabilities and Partners' and Shareholders Equity: 

 Mortgage debt 
 929,232 
 240,831 
 
 Other liabilities 
 109,147 
 63,998 
 
 Partners' and shareholders' equity 
 856,115 
 114,558 

 -78- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 Total Liabilities and Partners' and Shareholders' Equity 
 1,894,494 
 419,387 

 Our share of historical partners' and shareholders' equity 
 475,183 
 11,022 
 
 Net excess of cost of investments over the net book value of underlying net assets (net of accumulated depreciation of $394 and $0, respectively) 
 7,693 
 4,661 

 Carrying value of investments in unconsolidated joint ventures 
 482,876 
 15,683 

 Statements of Operations: 
 
 Revenues 
 115,518 
 65,605 

 Expenses: 
 
 Interest expense and loan cost amortization 
 31,137 
 16,435 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 31,684 
 17,394 
 
 Operating expenses, ground rent and general and administrative expenses 
 63,657 
 40,729 

 Total expenses 
 126,478 
 74,558 

 Net income before gain on sale of Real estate 
 (10,960) 
 (8,953) 
 
 Gain on sale of real estate 
 15,866 
 29,397 

 Net income 
 4,906 
 20,444 

 Our share of: 
 
 Net income, net of excess basis depreciation of $394 and $0 
 4,477 
 1,903 
 
 Depreciation and amortization (real estate related) 
 6,538 
 1,697 

 Significant Acquisitions 
 
 Apple Acquisition 
 
 On October 5, 2007, the Company consummated the merger among its wholly-owned subsidiary, Inland American Orchard Hotels, Inc. ( Acquisition Sub ), and Apple Hospitality Five, Inc., referred to herein as Apple. Apple, was a public, non-listed real estate investment trust headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, who owned upscale, extended-stay and select-service lodging properties and other limited-service lodging properties. At the time of the merger Apple owned twenty-seven hotels, including eleven Residence Inn by Marriott hotels, nine Courtyard by Marriott hotels, one SpringHill Suites by Marriott hotel, four Homewood Suites by Hilton hotels and two Hilton Garden Inn hotels. The hotels are located in fourteen states and, in aggregate, consist of 3,439 rooms. 
 
 Pursuant to the merger agreement, Apple merged with and into Acquisition Sub, with Acquisition Sub continuing as the surviving entity of the merger, and each share of common stock of Acquisition Sub was converted into one share of common stock of the surviving entity of the merger. Additionally, each issued and outstanding unit of Apple, equal to a share of Apple&#146;s common stock and a share of Series A preferred stock (together, a &#147;Unit&#148;), and share of Apple Series B convertible preferred stock, on an as-converted basis, other than any dissenting shares, was converted into, and cancelled in exchange for $14.05 in cash. Each option to purchase the Units was converted into, and cancelled in exchange for, a cash payment equal to the product of: (1) number of Units subject to the option and (2) the difference between $14.05 and the exercise price set forth in the option. The total merger consideration was approximately $678,000. 

 -79- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 The transaction values Apple at approximately $699,345 which includes (i) the purchase of 100% of the outstanding shares of common stock, Units and options for $14.05 per share or $677,599, (ii) an acquisition fee to the Business Manager of $16,940, of which $2,000 was paid in company stock, (iii) professional fees and other transactional costs of $1,534, and (iv) the assumption of $3,272 of accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 
 
 The following condensed pro forma financial information is presented as if the acquisition of Apple had been consummated as of January 1, 2006, for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2006 and January 1, 2007 for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2007. The following condensed pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of what actual results of operations of the Company would have been assuming the acquisitions had been consummated at the beginning of January 1, 2006, for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2006 and January 1, 2007 for the proforma year ended December 31, 2007, nor does it purport to represent the results of operations for future periods. 

 Proforma 
 Proforma 
 
 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 
 December 31, 
 December 31, 
 
 2007 
 2006 

 Total income 
 $ 
 568,060 
 $ 
 233,741 

 Net income (loss) 
 $ 
 52,090 
 $ 
 (5,841) 

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders per common share 
 $ 
 .13 
 $ 
 (.09) 

 The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition: 

 Investment properties 
 $ 
 607,907 
 
 Cash 
 78,898 
 
 Other assets 
 12,540 

 Total assets acquired 
 $ 
 699,345 

 Other liabilities 
 3,272 

 Net assets acquired 
 $ 
 696,073 

 Winston Acquisition 
 
 On July 1, 2007, the Company completed a merger with Winston Hotels, Inc., referred to herein as &#147;Winston,&#148; in which the Company purchased 100% of the outstanding shares of common stock and Series B preferred stock of Winston. The transaction values Winston at approximately $841,817, which includes (i) the purchase of 100% of the outstanding shares of common stock of Winston for $15.00 per share or $441,200, (ii) the purchase of the Series B preferred stock of Winston at $25.38 per share in cash, plus the accrued and unpaid dividends for $95,200, (iii) the purchase of 100 units of partnership interest in WINN Limited Partnership, the operating partnership of Winston for $19,500, (iv) an acquisition fee to the Business Manager of $19,793, of which $4,500 was paid in stock, (v) an $20,000 merger termination fee and reimbursement of expenses to Och-Ziff (vi) professional fees and other transactional costs of $2,307, (vii) the assumption 

 -80- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 of $209,952 of Winston&#146;s outstanding debt and (viii) the assumption of $33,865 of accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 
 
 The following condensed pro forma financial information is presented as if the acquisition of Winston had been consummated and leased as of January 1, 2006, for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2006 and January 1, 2007 for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2007. The following condensed pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of what actual results of operations of the Company would have been assuming the acquisitions had been consummated at the beginning of January 1, 2006, for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2006 and January 1, 2007 for the pro forma year ended December 31, 2007, nor does it purport to represent the results of operations for future periods. 

 Proforma 
 Proforma 
 
 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 
 December 31, 
 December 31, 
 
 2007 (1) 
 2006 
 
 Total income 
 $ 
 574,158 
 $ 
 289,085 

 Net income (loss) (1) 
 $ 
 49,407 
 $ 
 10,022 

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders per common share 
 $ 
 .12 
 $ 
 .15 

 (1) 
 The proforma net income for the year ended December 31, 2007 includes certain historical Winston expenses related to non-recurring expenses of $3,882 for an extinguishment of debt, $5,322 for a loss on sale of note receivable and $10,793 of merger-related general and administrative expenses, which result in an effect of approximately $(.05) per share. The proforma net income for the year ended December 31, 2006 includes non-recurring expenses of $3,961 for an extinguishment of debt, which results in an effect of approximately $(.06) per share. 
 
 The Company's wholly owned indirect subsidiary, Inland American Winston Hotels, Inc., is the surviving entity of this merger. A holding company, Inland American Lodging Group, Inc., owns 100% of the stock of the lodging subsidiary, including the 100 partnership units of WINN. 
 
 The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition: 

 Investment Properties 
 $ 
 702,601 
 
 Cash 
 $ 
 65,978 
 
 Other assets 
 74,558 

 Total assets acquired 
 $ 
 843,137 

 Mortgages and Notes 
 209,952 
 
 Other liabilities 
 33,865 

 Total liabilities assumed 
 $ 
 243,817 

 Minority interest 
 1,320 

 Net assets acquired 
 $ 
 598,000 

 -81- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 (2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) and require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company commences revenue recognition on its leases based on a number of factors. In most cases, revenue recognition under a lease begins when the lessee takes possession of or controls the physical use of the leased asset. Generally, this occurs on the lease commencement date. The determination of who is the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements determines the nature of the leased asset and when revenue recognition under a lease begins. If the Company is the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements, then the leased asset is the finished space and revenue recognition begins when the lessee takes possession of the finished space, typically when the improvements are substantially complete. If the Company concludes it is not the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements (the lessee is the owner), then the leased asset is the unimproved space and any tenant improvement allowances funded under the lease are treated as lease incentives which reduces revenue recognized over the term of the lease. In these circumstances, the Company begins revenue recognition when the lessee takes possession of the unimproved space for the lessee to construct their own improvements. The Company considers a number of different factors to evaluate whether it or the lessee is the owner of the tenant improvements for accounting purposes. These factors include: 
 
 &#183; 
 whether the lease stipulates how and on what a tenant improvement allowance may be spent; 
 
 &#183; 
 whether the tenant or landlord retains legal title to the improvements; 
 
 &#183; 
 the uniqueness of the improvements; 
 
 &#183; 
 the expected economic life of the tenant improvements relative to the length of the lease; and 
 
 &#183; 
 who constructs or directs the construction of the improvements. 
 
 The determination of who owns the tenant improvements, for accounting purposes, is subject to significant judgment. In making that determination, the Company considers all of the above factors. No one factor, however, necessarily establishes its determination. 
 
 Rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of each lease. The difference between rental income earned on a straight-line basis and the cash rent due under the provisions of the lease agreements is recorded as deferred rent receivable and is included as a component of accounts and rents receivable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Revenue for our lodging facilities is recognized when the services are provided. Additionally, we collect sales, use, occupancy and similar taxes at our lodging facilities which we present on a net basis (excluded from revenues) on our consolidated statements of operations. 

 -82- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 The Company records lease termination income if there is a signed termination agreement, all of the conditions of the agreement have been met, the tenant is no longer occupying the property and amounts due are considered collectible. 
 
 Staff Accounting Bulletin ( SAB ) 101, Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements , determined that a lessor should defer recognition of contingent rental income (i.e. percentage/excess rent) until the specified target (i.e. breakpoint) that triggers the contingent rental income is achieved. The Company records percentage rental revenue in accordance with SAB 101. 
 
 The Company considers all demand deposits, money market accounts and investments in certificates of deposit and repurchase agreements purchased with a maturity of three months or less, at the date of purchase, to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions. The combined account balances at one or more institutions periodically exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) insurance coverage and, as a result, there is a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. The Company believes that the risk is not significant, as the Company does not anticipate the financial institutions' non-performance. 
 
 Consolidation 
 
 The Company considers FASB Interpretation No. 46(R) (Revised 2003): &#147;Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities - An Interpretation of ARB No. 51&#148; (&#147;FIN 46(R)&#148;), EITF 04-05: &#147;Determining Whether a General Partner, or the General Partners as a Group, Controls a Limited Partnership or Similar Entity When the Limited Partners Have Certain Rights,&#148; and SOP 78-9: &#147;Accounting for Investments in Real Estate Ventures,&#148; to determine the method of accounting for each of its partially-owned entities. In instances where the Company determines that a joint venture is not a VIE, the Company first considers EITF 04-05. The assessment of whether the rights of the limited partners should overcome the presumption of control by the general partner is a matter of judgment that depends on facts and circumstances. If the limited partners have either (a) the substantive ability to dissolve (liquidate) the limited partnership or otherwise remove the general partner without cause or (b) substantive participating rights, the general partner does not control the limited partnership and as such overcome the presumption of control by the general partner and consolidation by the general partner. 
 
 Reclassifications 
 
 Certain reclassifications have been made to the 2006 and 2005 financial statements to conform to the 2007 presentations. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, except as otherwise noted) necessary for a fair presentation of the financial statements have been made. 
 
 Capitalization and Depreciation 
 
 Real estate acquisitions are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. 
 
 Depreciation expense is computed using the straight line method. Building and improvements are depreciated based upon estimated useful lives of 30 years for building and improvements and 5-15 years for site improvements. 
 
 Tenant improvements are amortized on a straight line basis over the life of the related lease as a component of amortization expense. 
 
 Leasing fees are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the related lease as a component of depreciation and amortization. 
 
 -83- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 Loan fees are amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective interest method, over the life of the related loans as a component of interest expense. 
 
 Impairment 
 
 In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets , or SFAS No. 144 , the Company performs an analysis to identify impairment indicators to ensure that the investment property's carrying value does not exceed its fair value. The valuation analysis performed by the Company is based upon many factors which require difficult, complex or subjective judgments to be made. Such assumptions include projecting vacancy rates, rental rates, operating expenses, lease terms, tenant financial strength, economy, demographics, property location, capital expenditures and sales value among other assumptions to be made upon valuing each property. This valuation is sensitive to the actual results of any of these uncertain factors, either individually or taken as a whole. Based upon the Company's judgment, no impairment was warranted as of December 31, 2007. 
 
 Derivative Instruments 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to the effect of interest rate changes. The Company limits these risks by following established risk management policies and procedures including the use of derivatives to hedge interest rate risk on debt instruments. 
 
 The Company has a policy of only entering into contracts with major financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and other factors. When viewed in conjunction with the underlying and offsetting exposure that the derivatives are designed to hedge, the Company has not sustained a material loss from those instruments nor does it anticipate any material adverse effect on its net income or financial position in the future from the use of derivatives 
 
 The Company accounts for its derivative instruments in accordance with SFAS No. 133 Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities and its amendments (SFAS Nos. 137/138/149), which requires an entity to recognize all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the statement of financial position and to measure those instruments at fair value. Additionally, the fair value adjustments will affect either shareholders&#146; equity or net income depending on whether the derivative instruments qualify as a hedge for accounting purposes and, if so, the nature of the hedging activity. When the terms of an underlying transaction are modified, or when the underlying transaction is terminated or completed, all changes in the fair value of the instrument are marked-to-market with changes in value included in net income each period until the instrument matures. Any derivative instrument used for risk management that does not meet the hedging criteria of SFAS No. 133 is marked-to-market each period. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 Marketable Securities 
 
 The Company classifies its investment in securities in one of three categories: trading, available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. Held-to-maturity securities are those securities in which the Company has the ability and intent to hold the security until maturity. All securities not included in trading or held-to-maturity are classified as available-for-sale. Investment in securities at December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006 consists of common stock investments that are classified as available-for-sale securities and are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific identification basis. A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other than temporary, results in a reduction in the carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged to earnings and a new cost basis for the security is established. In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115 Accounting for Certain 

 -84- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 Investments in Debt and Equity Securities, or SFAS No. 115 and EITF 03-1, The Meaning of Other-than-temporary Impairment and Its Application to Certain Investments, for an impaired security the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment for a time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment, the severity and duration of the impairment, changes in value subsequent to year end and forecasted performance of the investee. 
 
 Notes Receivable 
 
 Notes receivable are considered for impairment in accordance with SFAS No. 114: Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan. Pursuant to SFAS No. 114, a note is impaired if it is probable that the Company will not collect on all principal and interest contractually due. The impairment is measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the note's effective interest rate. The Company does not accrue interest when a note is considered impaired. When ultimate collectibility of the principal balance of the impaired note is in doubt, all cash receipts on the impaired note are applied to reduce the principal amount of the note until the principal has been recovered and are recognized as interest income thereafter. Based upon the Company's judgment, no notes receivable were impaired as of December 31, 2007 or 2006. 
 
 Acquisition of Real Estate Properties 
 
 The application of the Statement of Financial Accounting Standard, No. 141 Business Combinations, or SFAS No. 141, and Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, or SFAS No. 142, resulted in the recognition upon acquisition of additional intangible assets and liabilities relating to real estate acquisitions during the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005. The portion of the purchase price allocated to acquired above market lease costs and acquired below market lease costs are amortized on a straight line basis over the life of the related lease as an adjustment to rental income and over the respective renewal period for below market lease costs with fixed rate renewals. Amortization pertaining to the above market lease costs of $2,373, $574 and $9 was applied as a reduction to rental income for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Amortization pertaining to the below market lease costs of $2,674, $977 and $34 was applied as an increase to rental income for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 
 
 The portion of the purchase price allocated to acquired in-place lease intangibles is amortized on a straight line basis over the life of the related lease. The Company incurred amortization expense pertaining to acquired in-place lease intangibles of $50,394, $13,029 and $698 for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 
 
 The portion of the purchase price allocated to customer relationship value is amortized on a straight line basis over the life of the related lease. As of December 31, 2007, no amount has been allocated to customer relationship value. 
 
 The following table presents the amortization during the next five years related to the acquired in-place lease intangibles, acquired above market lease costs and the below market lease costs for properties owned at December 31, 2007. 

 Amortization of: 
 2008 
 2009 
 2010 
 2011 
 2012 
 Thereafter 
 
 Acquired above 
 
 market lease costs 
 $ 
 (2,449) 
 (2,020) 
 (1,877) 
 (1,550) 
 (978) 
 (3,799) 

 Acquired below 
 
 market lease costs 
 2,807 
 2,663 
 2,595 
 2,511 
 2,355 
 27,625 

 Net rental income 
 
 Increase 
 $ 
 358 
 643 
 718 
 961 
 1,377 
 23,826 

 -85- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 Acquired in-place lease 
 
 Intangibles 
 $ 
 57,082 
 48,873 
 44,113 
 38,515 
 35,033 
 115,817 

 Acquisition of Real Estate Businesses 
 
 Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using purchase accounting as required by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 141 (SFAS 141) Business Combinations . The assets and liabilities of the acquired entities are recorded by the Company using the fair value at the date of the transaction and allocated to tangible and intangible. Any additional amounts are allocated to goodwill as required, based on the remaining purchase price in excess of the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The Company amortizes identified intangible assets that are determined to have finite lives which are based on the period over which the assets are expected to contribute directly or indirectly to the future cash flows of the business acquired. Intangible assets subject to amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an intangible asset, including the related real estate when appropriate, is not recoverable and the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value. Investments in lodging facilities are stated at acquisition cost and allocated to land, property and equipment, identifiable intangible assets and assumed debt and other liabilities at fair value. Any remaining unallocated acquisition costs would be treated as goodwill. Property and equipment are recorded at fair value based on current replacement cost for similar capacity and allocated to buildings, improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment using appraisals and valuations performed by management and independent third parties. The purchase price allocation for the Woodland and Chelsea hotels are substantially complete, but is subject to adjustment within one year of acquisition, which would likely affect the amount of depreciation expense recorded. The Company could record goodwill on finalization of the purchase price allocation. The operating results of each of the consolidated acquired hotels are included in our statement of operations from the date acquired. As of December 31, 2007 and 2006, the carrying amounts of identified intangible assets resulting from the acquisition of a business were $19,278 and $0, respectively. Such amounts are included in &#147;other assets&#148; on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 The Company considers all demand deposits, money market accounts and investments in certificates of deposit and repurchase agreements purchased with a maturity of three months or less, at the date of purchase, to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions. The combined account balances at one or more institutions periodically exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) insurance coverage and, as a result, there is a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. The Company believes that the risk is not significant, as the Company does not anticipate the financial institutions' non-performance. 
 
 Restricted Cash and Escrows 
 
 Restricted escrows primarily consist of cash held in escrow comprised of lenders' restricted escrows of $5,228 and $3,911, earnout escrows of $11,020 and $18,504 and lodging furniture, fixtures and equipment reserves of $8,217 and $0 as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Earnout escrows are established upon the acquisition of certain investment properties for which the funds may be released to the seller when certain space has become leased and occupied. 
 
 Restricted cash and offsetting liability consist of funds received from investors that have not been executed to purchase shares and funds contributed by sellers held by third party escrow agents pertaining to master leases, tenant improvements and other closing items. 

 -86- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 The estimated fair value of the Company's mortgage debt was $2,895,525 and $1,047,064 as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The Company estimates the fair value of its mortgages payable by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument at rates currently offered to the Company for similar debt instruments of comparable maturities by the Company's lenders. The estimated fair value of the Company&#146;s notes receivable was $280,137 and $53,152 as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The Company estimates the fair value of its notes receivable by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument at rates currently available to the Company for similar instruments. The carrying amount of the Company's other financial instruments approximate fair value because of the relatively short maturity of these instruments. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We account for income taxes in accordance with SFAS 109 &#147;Accounting for Income Taxes.&#148; Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributed to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. 
 
 In July 2006, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 48 (&#147;FIN 48&#148;), &#147;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes &#151; An Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109.&#148; FIN 48 increases the relevancy and comparability of financial reporting by clarifying the way companies account for uncertainty in measuring income taxes. FIN 48 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize, measure, present, and disclose in its financial statements uncertain tax positions that the company has taken or expects to take on a tax return. This Interpretation only allows a favorable tax position to be included in the calculation of tax liabilities and expenses if a company concludes that it is more likely than not that its adopted tax position will prevail if challenged by tax authorities. The Company adopted FIN 48 as required effective January 1, 2007. The adoption of FIN 48 did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. All of the Company&#146;s tax years are subject to examination by tax jurisdictions. 
 
 Other 
 
 In March 2006, FASB Emerging Issues Task Force issued Issue 06-03 ( EITF 06-03 ), How Sales Taxes Collected From Customers and Remitted to Governmental Authorities Should Be Presented in the Income Statement. A consensus was reached that entities may adopt a polity of presenting sales taxes in the income statement on either a gross or net basis. If taxes are significant, an entity should disclose its policy of presenting taxes. The guidance is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2006. The Company presents sales net of sales taxes. Adoption on January 1, 2007 did not have an effect on the Company's policy related to sales taxes and therefore, did not have an effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 
 (3) Transactions with Related Parties 
 
 As of December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, the Company had incurred $557,123, $178,012, and $13,147 of offering costs, respectively, of which $530,522, $159,357 and $7,663, respectively, was paid or accrued to related parties. In accordance with the terms of the offerings, the Business Manager has guaranteed payment of all public offering expenses (excluding sales commissions and the marketing contribution and the due diligence expense allowance) in excess of 4.5% of the gross offering proceeds or all organization and offering expenses (including selling commissions) which together exceed 15% of gross offering proceeds. As of December 31, 2007, the offering costs for the initial offering did not exceed the 4.5% and 15% limitations. The Company anticipates that second offering costs will not exceed these limitations upon completion of the offering. Any excess amounts at the completion of the offering will be reimbursed by the Business Manager. 

 -87- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 The Business Manager and its related parties are entitled to reimbursement for salaries and expenses of employees of the Business Manager and its related parties relating to the offerings. In addition, a related party of the Business Manager is entitled to receive selling commissions, and the marketing contribution and due diligence expense allowance from the Company in connection with the offerings. Such costs are offset against the stockholders' equity accounts. Such costs totaled $371,165, $149,937 and $9,420 for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, of which $3,856 and $3,557 was unpaid as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively, and is included in the offering costs described above. 
 
 The Business Manager and its related parties are entitled to reimbursement for general and administrative expenses of the Business Manager and its related parties relating to the Company's administration. Such costs are included in general and administrative expenses to related parties, professional services to related parties, and acquisition cost expenses to related parties, in addition to costs that were capitalized pertaining to property acquisitions. For the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, the Company reimbursed $8,948, $5,957 and $419 of these costs, respectively, of which $1,690 and $2,390 remained unpaid as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. 
 
 A related party of the Business Manager provides loan servicing to the Company for an annual fee. Such costs are included in general and administrative expenses to related parties on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Effective May 1, 2007, the agreement allows for fees totaling 225 dollars per month, per loan for the Company and 200 dollars per month, per loan for MB REIT. For the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, fees totaled $169, $55 and $0, respectively, none of which remained unpaid as of December 31, 2007 and 2006. 
 
 The Company pays a related party of the Business Manager 0.2% of the principal amount of each loan placed for the Company. Such costs are capitalized as loan fees and amortized over the respective loan term. During the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, the Company paid loan fees totaling $2,739, $2,191 and $427 respectively, to this related party. None remained unpaid as of December 31, 2007 and 2006. 
 
 After the Company's stockholders have received a non-cumulative, non-compounded return of 5% per annum on their invested capital, the Company will pay its Business Manager an annual business management fee of up to 1% of the average invested assets, payable quarterly in an amount equal to 0.25% of the average invested assets as of the last day of the immediately preceding quarter. For these purposes, invested capital means the original issue price paid for the shares of the common stock reduced by prior distributions from the sale or financing of properties. For these purposes, average invested assets means, for any period, the average of the aggregate book value of assets, including lease intangibles, invested, directly or indirectly, in financial instruments, debt and equity securities and equity interests in and loans secured by real estate assets, including amounts invested in REITs and other real estate operating companies, before reserves for depreciation or bad debts or other similar non-cash reserves, computed by taking the average of these values at the end of each month during the period. The Company will pay this fee for services provided or arranged by the Business Manager, such as managing day-to-day business operations, arranging for the ancillary services provided by other related parties and overseeing these services, administering bookkeeping and accounting functions, consulting with the board, overseeing real estate assets and providing other services as the board deems appropriate. This fee terminates if the Company acquires the Business Manager. Separate and distinct from any business management fee, the Company also will reimburse the Business Manager or any related party for all expenses that it, or any related party including the sponsor, pays or incurs on its behalf including the salaries and benefits of persons employed by the Business Manager or its related parties and performing services for the Company except for the salaries and benefits of persons who also serve as one of the executive officers of the Company or as an executive officer of the Business Manager. For any year in which the Company qualifies as a REIT, its Business Manager must reimburse it for the amounts, if any, by which the total operating expenses paid during the previous fiscal year exceed the greater of: 2% of the average invested assets for that fiscal year; or 25% of net income for that fiscal year, subject to certain adjustments described herein. For these purposes, items such as organization and offering expenses, property expenses, interest payments, taxes, non-cash charges, any incentive fees payable to the Business Manager and acquisition fees and expenses are excluded from the definition of total operating expenses. For the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, our average invested 

 -88- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 assets were $4,587,822, $1,479,278, $476,545 and our operating expenses, as defined, were $24,553, $8,545, $984 or .54%, .58%, and .21%, respectively, of average invested assets. The Company incurred fees of $9,000, $2,400 and $0 for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively, of which none remained unpaid as of December 31, 2007 and 2006. The Business Manager has agreed to waive all fees allowed but not taken, except for the $9,000 and $2,400 paid for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006. 
 
 The Company pays the Business Manager a fee for services performed in connection with acquiring a controlling interest in a REIT or other real estate operating company. Acquisition fees, however, are not paid for acquisitions solely of a fee interest in property. The amount of the acquisition fee is equal to 2.5% of the aggregate purchase price paid to acquire the controlling interest and is capitalized as part of the purchase price of the company. The Company incurred fees of $37,060 for the year ended December 31, 2007, of which none remained unpaid as of December 31, 2007. No fees were incurred for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 and no fees remained unpaid as of December 31, 2006. 
 
 The property manager, an entity owned principally by individuals who are related parties of the Business Manager, is entitled to receive property management fees up to 4.5% of gross operating income (as defined), for management and leasing services. In addition, the property manager is entitled to receive an oversight fee of 1% of gross operating income (as defined) in operating companies purchased by the Company. The Company incurred and paid property management fees of $14,328, $4,850 and $359 for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005. The fees have been recorded in property and lodging operating expenses to related parties on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. None remained unpaid as of December 31, 2007 and 2006. 
 
 The Company established a discount stock purchase policy for related parties and related parties of the Business Manager that enables the related parties to purchase shares of common stock at either $8.95 or $9.50 a share depending on when the shares are purchased. The Company sold 2,078,364, 310,075 and 130,737 shares to related parties and recognized an expense related to these discounts of $1,311, $200 and $153 for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 
 
 The Company pays a related party of the Business Manager to purchase and monitor its investment in marketable securities. The Company incurred expenses totaling $2,120, $2,086 and $24 during the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively, of which $340 and $1,521 remained unpaid as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Such costs are included in general and administrative expenses to related parties on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Company owed funds to related parties of the Business Manager in the amount of $1,690 and $2,390, respectively, for reimbursement of general and administrative costs, monies paid on the Company's behalf and acquisition fees. 
 
 (4) Notes Receivable 
 
 The Company's notes receivable balance was $281,221 and $53,152 as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively, consisted of installment notes from unrelated parties that mature on various dates through May 2012 and installment notes assumed in the Winston acquisition. The notes are secured by mortgages on vacant land and shopping center and hotel properties and guaranteed by the owners. Interest only is due each month at rates ranging from 7.1864% to 13.27% per annum. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Company recorded interest income from notes receivable of $18,423 and $1,323, respectively, which is included in the interest and dividend income on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

 -89- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 (5) Investment Securities 
 
 Investment in securities of $248,065 at December 31, 2007 consists of preferred and common stock investments in other REITs which are classified as available-for-sale securities and recorded at fair value. 
 
 Unrealized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of comprehensive income until realized. Of the investment securities held on December 31, 2007, the Company has accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of $(64,278), which includes gross unrealized losses of $65,435. All such unrealized losses on investments have been in an unrealized loss position for less than twelve months and such investments have a related fair value of $211,248 as of December 31, 2007. 
 
 Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific identification basis. During the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, the Company realized gains of $19,280, $4,096, and $0, respectively, on the sale of shares. The Company's policy for assessing recoverability of its available-for-sale securities is to record a charge against net earnings when the Company determines that a decline in the fair value of a security drops below the cost basis and believes that decline to be other-than-temporary. During the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company recorded a write-down of $21,746 for other-than-temporary declines on certain available-for-sale securities, which is included as a component of realized gain on securities, net on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. No write-downs were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005. Dividend income is recognized when earned. During the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, dividend income of $22,742, $6,309 and $56, respectively, was recognized and is included in interest and dividend income on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 The Company has purchased a portion of its investment securities through a margin account. As of December 31, 2007, the Company has recorded a payable of $73,459 for securities purchased on margin. This debt bears a variable interest rate of the London InterBank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) plus 50 basis points. At December 31, 2007, this rate was 5.54%. Interest expense in the amount of $5,479, $2,395 and $21 was recognized in interest expense on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 
 
 (6) Stock Option Plan 
 
 The Company has adopted an Independent Director Stock Option Plan (the Plan ) which, subject to certain conditions, provides for the grant to each independent director of an option to acquire 3,000 shares following his or her becoming a director and for the grant of additional options to acquire 500 shares on the date of each annual stockholders' meeting. The options for the initial 3,000 shares are exercisable as follows: 1,000 shares on the date of grant and 1,000 shares on each of the first and second anniversaries of the date of grant. The subsequent options will be exercisable on the second anniversary of the date of grant. The initial options will be exercisable at $8.95 per share. The subsequent options will be exercisable at the fair market value of a share on the last business day preceding the annual meeting of stockholders as determined under the Plan. During the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, the Company issued 5,500, 17,500 and 0 options to its independent directors, respectively. As of December 31, 2007 and 2006, there were a total of 23,000 and 17,500 options issued, of which none had been exercised or expired. The per share weighted average fair value of options granted was $0.44 on the date of the grant using the Black Scholes option-pricing model. During the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, the Company recorded $4, $4 and $0, respectively, of expense related to stock options. 

 -90- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 (7) Leases 
 
 Master Lease Agreements 
 
 In conjunction with certain acquisitions, the Company received payments under master lease agreements pertaining to certain non-revenue producing spaces at the time of purchase, for periods ranging from three months to three years after the date of purchase or until the spaces are leased. As these payments are received, they are recorded as a reduction in the purchase price of the respective property rather than as rental income. The amount of such payments received was $576, $245 and $6 during the year ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 
 Operating Leases 
 
 Minimum lease payments to be received under operating leases, excluding lodging properties and rental income under master lease agreements and assuming no expiring leases are renewed, are as follows: 

 Minimum Lease 
 
 Payments 
 
 2008 
 $ 
 347,569 
 
 2009 
 339,888 
 
 2010 
 324,531 
 
 2011 
 305,640 
 
 2012 
 279,255 
 
 Thereafter 
 1,681,270 
 
 Total 
 $ 
 3,278,153 

 The remaining lease terms range from one year to 38 years. Pursuant to the lease agreements, certain tenants are required to reimburse the Company for some or their entire pro rata share of the real estate taxes, operating expenses and management fees of the properties. Such amounts are included in tenant recovery income. Net leases require tenants to pay a share, either prorated or fixed, of all, or a majority, of a particular property's operating expenses, including real estate taxes, special assessments, utilities, insurance, common area maintenance and building repairs, as well as base rent or percentage rent payments. The majority of the revenue from the Company's properties consists of rents received under long-term operating leases. Some leases provide for the payment of fixed base rent paid monthly in advance, and for the reimbursement by tenants to the Company for the tenant's pro rata share of certain operating expenses including real estate taxes, special assessments, insurance, utilities, common area maintenance, management fees, and certain building repairs paid by the landlord and recoverable under the terms of the lease. Under these leases, the landlord pays all expenses and is reimbursed by the tenant for the tenant's pro rata share of recoverable expenses paid. Certain other tenants are subject to net leases which provide that the tenant is responsible for fixed based rent as well as all costs and expenses associated with occupancy. Under net leases where all expenses are paid directly by the tenant rather than the landlord, such expenses are not included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Under net leases where all expenses are paid by the landlord, subject to reimbursement by the tenant, the expenses are included within property operating expenses and reimbursements are included in tenant recovery income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Ground Leases 
 
 The Company leases land under noncancelable operating leases at certain of the properties expiring in various years from 2020 to 2084. Ground lease rent is recorded on a straight-line basis over the term of each lease. For the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, ground lease rent was $926, $245 and $6, respectively. Minimum future rental payments to be paid under the ground leases are as follows: 

 Minimum Lease 

 -91- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 Payments 
 
 2008 
 $ 
 868 
 
 2009 
 869 
 
 2010 
 875 
 
 2011 
 876 
 
 2012 
 878 
 
 Thereafter 
 37,067 
 
 Total 
 $ 
 41,433 

 (8) Mortgages, Notes and Margins Payable 
 
 Mortgage loans outstanding as of December 31, 2007 were $2,959,480 and had a weighted average interest rate of 5.66%. Properties with a net carrying value of $6,007,044 at December 31, 2007 and related tenant leases are pledged as collateral. As of December 31, 2007, scheduled maturities for the Company's outstanding mortgage indebtedness had various due dates through April 2037. 

 2008 
 2009 
 2010 
 2011 
 2012 
 Thereafter 
 
 Maturing debt : 
 
 Fixed rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 - 
 - 
 161,000 
 79,541 
 94,027 
 2,227,750 
 
 Variable rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 283,923 
 38,391 
 36,858 
 16,214 
 7,776 
 14,000 

 Weighted average interest rate on debt: 
 
 Fixed rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 - 
 - 
 5.00 
 5.06 
 5.73 
 5.73 
 
 Variable rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 5.28 
 6.21 
 6.81 
 6.83 
 6.88 
 6.74 

 Some of the mortgage loans require compliance with certain covenants, such as debt service ratios, investment restrictions and distribution limitations. As of December 31, 2007, the Company was in compliance with such covenants. 
 
 The debt maturity excludes mortgage discounts associated with debt assumed at acquisition of which $4,292 and $3,520, net of accumulated amortization, was outstanding at December 31, 2007 and 2006. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2007 based on language related to material adverse change in the market contained in certain of our blind rate lock agreements lenders did not honor outstanding rate lock agreements we had with them on future unidentified property acquisitions. Due to these circumstances, the Company expensed approximately $5,000 dollars in rate lock deposits and breakage fees. These costs are included in interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2007. 
 
 In connection with our entering into two mortgages payables that have variable interest rates, we had entered into interest rate swap agreements, with a notional value of $305,593, that converted the variable-rate debt to fixed. The interest rate swaps were not considered effective as of December 31, 2007 and we recorded a loss and related liability of $1,464 for the year ended December 31, 2007. Such loss is included in interest expense on the consolidated statement of operations and the liability is included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 

 -92- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 The Company has purchased a portion of its securities through margin accounts. As of December 31, 2007, the Company has recorded a payable of $73,459 for securities purchased on margin. This debt bears a variable interest rate of LIBOR plus 50 basis points. At December 31, 2007, this rate was equal to 5.54%. 
 
 As of December 31, 2007, the Company guarantees $326,990 in mortgage and notes payable for two of its wholly-owned subsidiaries and one consolidated joint venture. 
 
 (9) Income Taxes 
 
 The Company is qualified and has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, for federal income tax purposes commencing with the tax year ending December 31, 2005. Since the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to federal income tax on taxable income that is distributed to stockholders. A REIT is subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that it currently distributes at least 90% of its REIT taxable income to stockholders (determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and by excluding any net capital gain). If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, the Company will be subject to federal income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate tax rates. Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company may be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income, property or net worth and federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed income. 
 
 In 2007, the Company formed the following wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiaries in connection with the acquisition of the lodging portfolios and student housing: Barclay Holdings, Inc., Inland American Holding TRS, Inc., and Inland American Communities Third Party, Inc. Taxable income from non-REIT activities managed through these taxable REIT subsidiaries is subject to federal, state, and local income taxes. As such, the Company&#146;s taxable REIT subsidiaries are required to pay income taxes at the applicable rates. 
 
 Taxable REIT Subsidiaries 
 
 The components of income tax expense of the Company&#146;s taxable REIT subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2007 consist of the following: 

 Federal 
 
 State 
 
 Total 
 
 Current 
 $ 
 409 
 $ 
 113 
 $ 
 522 
 
 Deferred 
 
 404 
 
 40 
 
 444 

 Total expense 
 $ 
 813 
 $ 
 153 
 $ 
 966 

 The actual income tax expense of the Company&#146;s taxable REIT subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2007 differs from the &#147;expected&#148; income tax expense (computed by applying the appropriate U.S. Federal income tax rate to earnings before income taxes) as a result of the following: 

 Computed expected income tax expense 
 $ 
 864 
 
 State income taxes, net Federal income tax effect 
 102 
 
 $ 
 966 

 The components of the deferred tax assets relating to the Company&#146;s taxable REIT subsidiaries at December 31, 2007 were as follows: 

 Net operating loss - Barclay Holding, Inc. 
 $ 
 4,689 
 
 Net operating loss - Inland American Holding TRS, Inc. 
 115 

 -93- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 Lease acquisition costs - Barclay Holding, Inc. 
 3,138 

 Total deferred tax assets 
 7,942 

 Less: Valuation allowance 
 (4,390) 

 Net realizable deferred tax asset 
 $ 
 3,552 

 The Company estimated its tax expense relating to the taxable REIT subsidiaries using a combined federal and state rate of 38%. As of the year ended 2007 the Company&#146;s taxable REIT subsidiaries had a deferred tax asset of $3,552 million, primarily due to past years&#146; tax net operating losses. These federal net operating loss carryforwards amounting to $3,493, $7,725, and $1,355 will expire in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively, if not utilized by then. 
 
 Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is more likely than not that they will be realized based on consideration of available evidence, including future reversal of existing taxable temporary difference, future projected taxable income, and tax planning strategies. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. We have considered various factors, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. In order to fully realize the deferred tax asset, the Company will need to generate future taxable income of approximately $9,523 prior to the expiration of the federal net operating loss carryforwards. Taxable income for the year ended December 31, 2007 was $1,204. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of these deductible differences, net of the existing valuation allowance of $4,390 at December 31, 2007. The amount of the deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced. 
 
 Texas Margin Tax 
 
 In 2006, the state of Texas enacted new tax legislation. This legislation restructures the state business tax in Texas by replacing the taxable capital and earned surplus components of the current franchise tax with a new &#147;margin tax,&#148; which for financial reporting purposes is considered an income tax. As such, the Company has recorded income tax expense of $810 and $1,393 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively and has recorded a net deferred tax liability related to temporary differences of $1,506 and $1,393 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. 
 
 Income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 consists of the following: 

 2007 
 2006 
 
 Current 
 $ 
 697 
 $ 
 - 
 
 Deferred 
 
 113 
 
 1,393 

 Total expense 
 $ 
 810 
 $ 
 1,393 

 The temporary differences that give rise to the net deferred tax liability at December 31, 2007 and 2006 consist of the following: 

 -94- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 2007 
 2006 

 Gain on sales of real estate, net of depreciation effect 
 $ 
 1,396 
 1,374 
 
 Straight-line rents 
 
 8 
 24 
 
 Others 
 
 102 
 (5) 

 Total cumulative temporary differences 
 $ 
 1,506 
 1,393 

 The Company has estimated its deferred income tax expense tax using the effective Texas margin tax rate of 1%. 
 
 Other Income Taxes 
 
 The Company is also subject to certain state and local taxes. Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2007 was $317. No taxes were required for 2006 and 2005. 
 
 Distributions 
 
 For federal income tax purposes, distributions may consist of ordinary income, qualifying dividends, return of capital, capital gains or a combination thereof. Distributions to the extent of the Company&#146;s current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes are taxable to the recipient as ordinary income. Distributions in excess of these earnings and profits (calculate for tax purposes) will constitute a non-taxable return of capital rather than a distribution and will reduce the recipient&#146;s basis in the shares. 
 
 A summary of the average taxable nature of the Company's common distributions for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2007 is as follows: 

 2007 
 2006 
 2005 
 
 Ordinary income 
 $ 
 0.33 
 $ 
 0.28 
 $ 
 - 
 
 Capital gains 
 0.06 
 - 
 - 
 
 Return of capital 
 0.22 
 0.27 
 0.08 

 Total distributions per share 
 $ 
 0.61 
 $ 
 0.55 
 $ 
 0.08 

 (10) Segment Reporting 
 
 The Company has five business segments: Office, Retail, Industrial, Lodging and Multi-family. The Company evaluates segment performance primarily based on net property operations. Net property operations of the segments do not include interest expense, depreciation and amortization, general and administrative expenses, minority interest expense or interest and other investment income from corporate investments. 
 
 Concentration of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable is limited due to the large number of tenants comprising the Company's rental revenue. One tenant, AT&T, Inc., accounted for 16% and 25% of consolidated rental revenues for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. This concentration of revenues by one tenant increases the Company's risk associated with nonpayment by this tenant. In an effort to reduce risk, the Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its larger tenants. No amounts remain unpaid as of December 31, 2007. 

 -95- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 The following table summarizes net property operations income by segment for the year ended December 31, 2007. 

 Total 
 Office 
 Retail 
 Industrial 
 Lodging 
 Multi-Family 

 Property rentals 
 $ 
 267,816 
 $ 
 93,965 
 $ 
 116,557 
 $ 
 43,789 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 13,505 
 
 Straight-line rents 
 12,765 
 5,513 
 3,670 
 3,582 
 - 
 - 
 
 Amortization of acquired above and below market leases, net 
 155 
 (714) 
 1,201 
 (332) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total rentals 
 $ 
 280,736 
 $ 
 98,764 
 $ 
 121,428 
 $ 
 47,039 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 13,505 

 Tenant recoveries 
 55,192 
 22,743 
 30,103 
 2,346 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other income 
 16,416 
 7,066 
 3,128 
 4,801 
 - 
 1,421 
 
 Lodging operating income 
 126,392 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 126,392 
 - 
 
 Total revenues 
 $ 
 478,736 
 $ 
 128,573 
 $ 
 154,659 
 $ 
 54,186 
 $ 
 126,392 
 $ 
 14,926 

 Operating expenses 
 $ 
 174,755 
 $ 
 37,336 
 $ 
 44,708 
 $ 
 5,017 
 $ 
 80,628 
 $ 
 7,066 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 174,755 
 37,336 
 44,708 
 5,017 
 80,628 
 7,066 

 Net property operations 
 $ 
 303,981 
 $ 
 91,237 
 $ 
 109,951 
 $ 
 49,169 
 $ 
 45,764 
 $ 
 7,860 

 Depreciation and amortization 
 $ 
 (174,163) 
 
 Business manager management fee 
 $ 
 (9,000) 
 
 General and administrative 
 $ 
 (19,466) 
 
 Interest and other investment income 
 $ 
 84,288 
 
 Interest expense 
 $ 
 (108,060) 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 $ 
 (2,093) 
 
 Other income (loss) 
 $ 
 (4,611) 
 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated entities 
 $ 
 4,477 
 
 Impairment of investment in unconsolidated entities 
 (10,084) 
 
 Minority interest 
 $ 
 (9,347) 

 Net income applicable to common shares 
 $ 
 55,922 

 Balance Sheet Data: 
 
 Real estate assets, net 
 $ 
 6,334,356 
 $ 
 1,261,394 
 $ 
 2,525,967 
 $ 
 810,587 
 $ 
 1,529,722 
 $ 
 206,686 
 
 Capital expenditures 
 24,794 
 3,150 
 2,133 
 28 
 19,457 
 26 
 
 Non-segmented assets 
 1,852,608 
 
 Total assets 
 $ 
 8,211,758 

 -96- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 The following table summarizes net property operations income by segment for the year ended December 31, 2006. 

 Total 
 Office 
 Retail 
 Industrial 
 Lodging 
 Multi-Family 

 Property rentals 
 $ 
 93,428 
 $ 
 40,261 
 $ 
 48,670 
 $ 
 2,822 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 1,675 
 
 Straight-line rents 
 4,588 
 2,347 
 1,936 
 305 
 - 
 - 
 
 Amortization of acquired above and below market leases, net 
 403 
 (245) 
 664 
 (16) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total rentals 
 $ 
 98,419 
 $ 
 42,363 
 $ 
 51,270 
 $ 
 3,111 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 1,675 

 Tenant recoveries 
 21,547 
 7,359 
 13,894 
 294 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other income 
 3,236 
 1,870 
 1,248 
 2 
 - 
 116 
 
 Lodging operating income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total revenues 
 $ 
 123,202 
 $ 
 51,592 
 $ 
 66,412 
 $ 
 3,407 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 1,791 

 Operating expenses 
 $ 
 32,791 
 $ 
 12,271 
 $ 
 19,381 
 $ 
 396 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 743 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 32,791 
 12,271 
 19,381 
 396 
 - 
 743 

 Net property operations 
 $ 
 90,411 
 $ 
 39,321 
 $ 
 47,031 
 $ 
 3,011 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 1,048 

 Depreciation and amortization 
 $ 
 (49,681) 
 
 Business manager management fee 
 $ 
 (2,400) 
 
 General and administrative 
 $ 
 (7,613) 
 
 Interest and other investment income 
 $ 
 22,164 
 
 Interest expense 
 $ 
 (31,553) 
 
 Income tax expense 
 $ 
 (1,393) 
 
 Other income 
 $ 
 4,068 
 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities 
 $ 
 1,903 
 
 Impairment on investment in unconsolidated entities 
 $ 
 - 
 
 Minority interest 
 $ 
 (24,010) 

 Net income applicable to common shares 
 $ 
 1,896 

 Balance Sheet Data: 
 
 Real estate assets, net 
 $ 
 2,420,640 
 $ 
 1,086,020 
 $ 
 1,031,416 
 $ 
 285,397 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 17,807 
 
 Capital expenditures 
 470 
 332 
 138 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-segmented assets 
 618,927 
 
 Total assets 
 $ 
 3,040,037 

 -97- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 The following table summarizes net property operations income by segment for the year ended December 31, 2005. 

 Total 
 Office 
 Retail 
 Industrial 

 Property rentals 
 $ 
 5,877 
 $ 
 3,260 
 $ 
 2,455 
 $ 
 162 
 
 Straight-line rents 
 250 
 140 
 104 
 6 
 
 Amortization of acquired above and below market leases, net 
 25 
 (6) 
 31 
 - 
 
 Total rentals 
 $ 
 6,152 
 $ 
 3,394 
 $ 
 2,590 
 $ 
 168 

 Tenant recoveries 
 509 
 26 
 481 
 2 
 
 Other income 
 7 
 1 
 6 
 - 
 
 Total revenues 
 $ 
 6,668 
 $ 
 3,421 
 $ 
 3,077 
 $ 
 170 

 Operating expenses 
 987 
 277 
 699 
 11 

 Net property operations 
 $ 
 5,681 
 3,144 
 2,378 
 159 

 Depreciation and amortization 
 (3,459) 
 
 General and administrative 
 (1,266) 
 
 Interest and other investment income 
 1,663 
 
 Interest expense 
 (1,412) 
 
 Other income (loss) 
 (235) 
 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated entities 
 (7) 
 
 Minority interest 
 (2,422) 

 Net loss applicable to common shares 
 $ 
 (1,457) 

 Balance Sheet Data: 
 
 Real estate assets, net 
 $ 
 753,620 
 $ 
 396,112 
 $ 
 347,775 
 $ 
 9,733 
 
 Non-segmented assets 
 112,231 

 Total assets 
 $ 
 865,851 

 -98- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 (11) Earnings (loss) per Share 
 
 Basic earnings (loss) per share ( EPS ) are computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period (the common shares ). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the common shares plus shares issuable upon exercising options or other contracts. As a result of the net income for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 and the net loss incurred for the year ended December 31, 2005, diluted weighted average shares outstanding do not give effect to common stock equivalents as to do so would be anti-dilutive because of a net loss or immaterial because of the immaterial number of common stock equivalents. 
 
 The basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding was 396,752,280, 68,374,630 and 884,058 for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006, and 2005. 
 
 (12) Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 The Company has closed on several properties which have earnout components, meaning the Company did not pay for portions of these properties that were not rent producing. The Company is obligated, under certain agreements, to pay for those portions when the tenant moves into its space and begins to pay rent. The earnout payments are based on a predetermined formula. Each earnout agreement has a time limit regarding the obligation to pay any additional monies. If at the end of the time period allowed certain space has not been leased and occupied, the Company will own that space without any further obligation. Based on pro forma leasing rates, the Company may pay as much as $24,198 in the future as vacant space covered by earnout agreements is occupied and becomes rent producing. 
 
 The Company has entered into interest rate and treasury rate lock agreements with lenders to secure interest rates on mortgage debt on properties the Company owns or will purchase in the future. The deposits are applied as credits to the mortgage funding as they occur. As of December 31, 2007, the Company has approximately $4,453 of rate lock deposits outstanding. The agreements locked interest rates ranging from 4.54% to 6.93% on approximately $694,500 in principal. 
 
 As of December 31, 2007, the Company had outstanding commitments to purchase approximately $1,200,000 of real estate properties (including the RLJ merger as described in Note 14) through March 31, 2008 and fund approximately $500,000 into joint ventures or mortgage notes. The Company intends on funding these acquisitions with cash on hand of approximately $400,000, anticipated capital raised through our second offering of approximately $540,000 (net of offering costs) through March 31, 2008 and financing proceeds from assuming debt related to some of the acquisitions or financings that have been rate locked for specific identified properties that the Company has purchased or are included in the amount above of $1,100,000. There can be no assurance that the Company will raise the capital from its second offering or that lenders will honor their lending commitments. 
 
 Contemporaneous with our merger with Winston Hotels, Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary, Inland American Winston Hotels, Inc., referred to herein as &#147;Inland American Winston,&#148; WINN Limited Partnership, or &#147;WINN,&#148; and Crockett Capital Corporation, or &#147;Crockett,&#148; memorialized in a development memorandum their intentions to subsequently negotiate and enter into a series of contracts to develop certain hotel properties, including without limitation a Westin Hotel in Durham, North Carolina, a Hampton Inn & Suites/Aloft Hotel in Raleigh, North Carolina, an Aloft Hotel in Chapel Hill, North Carolina and an Aloft Hotel in Cary, North Carolina (collectively referred to herein as the &#147;development hotels&#148;). 
 
 On March 6, 2008, Crockett filed an amended complaint in the General Court of Justice of the State of North Carolina against Inland American Winston and WINN. The complaint alleges that the development memorandum reflecting the parties&#146; intentions regarding the development hotels was instead an agreement that legally bound the parties. The complaint further claims that Inland American Winston and WINN breached the terms of the alleged agreement by failing to take certain actions to develop the Cary, North Carolina hotel and by refusing to convey their rights in the three other development hotels to Crockett. The complaint seeks, among other things, monetary damages in an amount not less than 

 -99- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 $4,800 with respect to the Cary, North Carolina property. With respect to the remaining three development hotels, the complaint seeks specific performance in the form of an order directing Inland American Winston and WINN to transfer their rights in the hotels to Crockett or, alternatively, monetary damages in an amount not less than $20.1 million. 
 
 Inland American Winston and WINN deny these claims and, on March 26, 2008, filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint. Inland American Winston and WINN contend that the development memorandum was not a binding agreement but rather merely an agreement to negotiate and potentially enter into additional contracts relating to the development hotels, and therefore is unenforceable as a matter of law. Inland American Winston and WINN have requested that the General Court of Justice of the State of North Carolina dismiss the amended complaint in its entirety, with prejudice. 
 
 In a separate matter, on February 20, 2008, Crockett has filed a demand for arbitration with the American Arbitration Association against Inland American Winston and WINN with respect to three construction management services agreements entered into by the parties in August 2007. The demand claims that Inland American Winston and WINN have failed to pay Crockett certain fees in exchange for Crockett providing construction management services for our hotel properties located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, Jacksonville, Florida and Roanoke, Virginia. Pursuant to this arbitration demand, Crockett is seeking damages in an aggregate amount not less than $281. On March 17, 2008, Inland American Winston and WINN filed an answer to this demand stating that they had paid Crockett the amounts due under the agreements and that all other damages sought by Crockett are penalty payments unenforceable against them. 
 
 The outcome of these actions cannot be predicted with any certainty and management is currently unable to estimate an amount or range of potential loss that could result if an unfavorable outcome occurs. While management does not believe that an adverse outcome in either action would have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s financial condition, there can be no assurance that an adverse outcome would not have a material effect on the Company&#146;s results of operations for any particular period. 
 
 (13) New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 In December 2007, the FASB issued Statement No. 160 Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements &#150; an amendment of ARB No. 51.&#148; This Statement amends Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) 51 to establish accounting and reporting standards for the noncontrolling interest (previously referred to as a minority interest) in a subsidiary and for the deconsolidation of a subsidiary. The Statement also amends certain of ARB 51&#146;s consolidation procedures for consistency with the requirements of FASB Statement No. 141 (Revised) &#147;Business Combinations.&#148; Statement No. 160 will require noncontrolling interests to be treated as a separate component of equity, not as a liability or other item outside of permanent equity. Statement No. 160 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008. The Company is currently evaluating the application of this Statement and its effect on the Company's financial position and results of operations. 
 
 Also in December 2007, the FASB issued Statement No. 141 (Revised) Business Combinations.&#148; This Statement establishes principles and requirements for how the acquirer in a business combination recognizes and measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree, and any goodwill acquired in the business combination or a gain from a bargain purchase. This Statement requires most identifiable assets, liabilities, noncontrolling interests, and goodwill acquired in a business combination to be recorded at &#147;full fair value.&#148; Statement No. 141 (Revised) must be applied prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008. Early application is prohibited. The Company is currently evaluating the application of this Statement and its effect on the Company's financial position and results of operations. 
 
 In February 2007, the FASB issued Statement No. 159 The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. This Statement permits entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at 

 -100- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 fair value that are not currently required to be measured at fair value. The Statement also establishes presentation and disclosure requirements designed to facilitate comparisons between entities that choose different measurement attributes for similar types of assets and liabilities. Statement No. 159 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007, although early application is allowed. The Company is currently evaluating the application of this Statement and its effect on the Company's financial position and results of operations. 
 
 In September 2006, the FASB issued Statement No. 157 &#147;Fair Value Measurements.&#148; This Statement defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement applies to accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements, except for share-based payments transactions under FASB Statement No. 123 (Revised) &#147;Share-Based Payment.&#148; This Statement is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007, except for non-financial assets and liabilities, for which this Statement will be effective for years beginning after November 15, 2008. The Company is currently evaluating the application of this Statement and its effect on the Company's financial position and results of operations. 
 
 (14) Subsequent Events 
 
 We paid distributions to our stockholders of $.05167 per share totaling $28,008, $28,832 and $29,714 in January, February and March 2008. 
 
 The Company is obligated under earnout agreements to pay additional funds after certain tenants move into the applicable vacant space and begin paying rent. During the period from January 1, 2008 through March 28, 2008, the Company funded earnouts totaling $7,042 at ten of the existing properties and the Company's joint venture partner contributed an earnout of $2,084 into the joint venture. 
 
 The mortgage debt financings obtained subsequent to December 31, 2007, are detailed in the list below. 

 Property 
 Date of Financing 
 Approximate Amount of Loan ($) 
 Interest Per Annum 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Hilton University of Florida Hotel & Convention Center 
 01/09/2008 
 27,775 
 6.455% 
 02/01/2018 

 CFG Portfolio (1) 
 01/31/2008 
 200,000 
 (1) 
 01/31/2010 

 Landings at Clear Lake Apartments 
 03/14/2008 
 18,590 
 4.720% 
 04/01/2013 

 Atlas Cold Storage Portfolio 
 (7 Properties) 
 03/18/2008 
 50,000 
 LIBOR + 2.25% (2) 
 03/31/2013 

 SunTrust 
 03/28/08 
 34,311 
 5.65% 
 03/31/2013 

 SunTrust 
 03/28/08 
 34,500 
 5.75% 
 03/31/2013 

 SunTrust 
 03/28/08 
 33,062 
 LIBOR + 155 (3) 
 03/31/2013 

 SunTrust 
 03/28/08 
 35,450 
 LIBOR + 150 (4) 
 03/31/2010 

 -101- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 (1) 
 The CFG Portfolio consists of 158 retail banking properties known as Citizens Banks that we purchased on June 14, 2007 and June 26, 2007. The loan may be extended for two one-year periods subject to a $100 extension fee per year. The annual interest rate of the loan is based on LIBOR plus 175 basis points and we are required to make interest only payments on the loan. 
 
 (2) 
 The Company entered into an interest rate swap on March 28, 2008 to fix our rate at 5.06%. 
 
 (3) 
 The Company entered into an interest rate swap on March 28, 2008 to fix our rate at 4.87%. 
 
 (4) 
 The Company entered into an interest rate swap on March 28, 2008 to fix our rate at 3.90%. 
 
 Parkway Centre North &#150; Phases I and II . On January 11, 2008, Stringtown Partners North, LLC exercised its right to require us to purchase its interest in this joint venture. We purchased the interest for approximately $8,300, and now own 100% of the equity interests in the joint venture. 
 
 The Market at Hamilton. On January 15, 2008, Hamilton Road Retail, LLC exercised its right to require us to purchase its interests in this joint venture. On January 30, 2008, we paid Hamilton Road Retail, LLC approximately $3,700 for its interests, and now own 100% of the equity interests in the joint venture. 
 
 Parkway Centre North - Outlot Building B . On January 15, 2008, BA-Grove City North, LLC exercised its right to require us to purchase its interests in this joint venture. On January 30, 2008, we paid BA-Grove City North LLC approximately $1,000 for its interests, and now own 100% of the equity interests in the joint venture 
 
 Woodbridge Crossing, L.P. On January 24, 2008, we, through a wholly owned subsidiary, entered into an agreement with Direct Retail, L.L.C. (referred to herein as &#147;Direct Retail&#148;) to form &#147;Woodbridge Crossing GP, L.L.C.,&#148; referred to herein as the &#147;general partner.&#148; Also on January 24, 2008, the general partner, our subsidiary and DSW Investments 08-1, J.V., an unaffiliated third party (referred to herein as &#147;DSW&#148;), entered into an agreement to form a joint venture to be known as &#147;Woodbridge Crossing, L.P.&#148; The purpose of the venture is to acquire certain land located in Wylie, Texas and then to develop and construct a 50,000 square foot shopping center on that land. The venture has a term of ten years. 
 The total cost of acquiring and developing the land is expected to be approximately $49,400. On February 15, 2008, we contributed approximately $14,100, or 73% of the capital, to the venture. We will receive an 11% preferred return. 
 
 Net Lease Strategic Assets Fund L.P. On February 20, 2008, we and The Lexington Master Limited Partnership (&#147;LMLP&#148;) and LMLP GP LLC, each an affiliate of Lexington Realty Trust (NYSE: &#147;LXP&#148;), referred to herein as &#147;Lexington,&#148; agreed to revise certain of the terms of the joint venture known as Net Lease Strategic Assets Fund L.P. Under the revised terms, ten properties have been excluded from the venture&#146;s initial target portfolio. Consequently, the initial portfolio of properties that the venture intends to acquire now consists of forty-three primarily single-tenant net leased assets, referred to herein as the &#147;Initial Properties,&#148; with an aggregate purchase price of $747,500 (including the assumption of approximately $330,300 of non-recourse first mortgage financing and $4,000 in estimated closing costs). The Initial Properties contain an aggregate of more than six million net rentable square feet. Under the revised terms of the venture, we are required to contribute approximately $210,000 to the venture toward the purchase of the Initial Portfolio. As previously disclosed in our Supplement No. 17, we have already contributed approximately $121,900 to the venture; these funds were used to purchase thirty of the Initial Properties from Lexington and its subsidiaries for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $408,500. On March 25, 2008, the company contributed $72.5 million to the venture; these funds were used to purchase eleven assets from Lexington for an aggregate purchase price of $270.2 million. If the venture does not complete the acquisition of the remaining Initial Properties by June 30, 2008, the venture may not purchase those properties. 
 
 The terms of the joint venture also have been modified to revise the sequence of distributions that will be paid on any future capital contributions by us and LMLP. More specifically, we and LMLP intend to invest an additional $127,500 

 -102- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 and $22,500, respectively, in the venture to acquire additional specialty single-tenant &#147;triple-net&#148; leased assets. With respect to these contributions, after the preferred returns and the preferred equity redemption amounts have been paid, we and LMLP will be entitled to receive distributions until the point at which we have received distributions equal to the amount of capital we have invested, on a pro rata basis. 
 
 Cityville Dallas Haskell. On February 25, 2008, our wholly owned subsidiary, Inland American Communities Group, Inc., referred to herein as &#147;Communities,&#148; purchased a 9.9 acre parcel of land located in Dallas, Texas. The purchase price for this land was approximately $26,400. Communities intends to develop this land, in two phases, into a conventional housing facility, comprised of approximately 600 apartment units, and approximately 65,000 square feet of retail space. Communities anticipates that the construction and development of this land will last approximately five years and will cost approximately $92,300. Communities has an option to purchase an additional acre adjacent to the land, which it would redevelop in connection with its overall development of this land. 
 
 PDG/Inland Concord Venture, L.L.C. On March 10, 2008, we, through a wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a joint venture with GKK-Concord, Ltd. The purpose of the joint venture is to acquire four parcels of land known as Christenbury Corners, located in Concord, North Carolina, and to develop a 404,593 square foot retail center on that land. We will receive a preferred return, paid on a quarterly basis, in an amount equal to 11% per annum on our capital contribution through the first twenty-four months after the date of our initial investment; if we maintain our investment in the project for more than twenty-four months, we will receive a preferred return in an amount equal to 12% per annum over the remainder of the term. On March 10, 2008, we contributed $11 million to the venture. 
 
 SunTrust Bank Portfolio (Sale-Leaseback). On March 28, 2008, the Company purchased fee simple interests in a portfolio of 143 single tenant retail banking facilities from an unaffiliated third party, SunTrust Bank, for approximately $230 million in cash. All of the properties within this portfolio are single tenant facilities with SunTrust Bank as the tenant. SunTrust Bank has agreed lease each facility for a term of ten years, commencing in March 2008. 
 
 RLJ Urban Lodging Master, LLC. On February 8, 2008, the Company consummated the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 12, 2007, as amended (the &#147;Merger Agreement&#148;), among the Company, RLJ Urban Lodging Master, LLC (&#147;Lodging Master&#148;) and RLJ Urban Lodging REIT, LLC and RLJ Urban Lodging REIT (PF#1), LLC, which together owned all of the membership interests of Lodging Master (together, the &#147;Sellers&#148; and, collectively with the Company and Lodging Master, the &#147;Parties&#148;). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Lodging Master has merged with and into Inland American Urban Hotels, Inc., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (&#147;Urban Hotels&#148;), with Urban Hotels continuing as the surviving entity of the merger. At the closing of the merger, the Company paid a total of $893,400, including debt assumed as part of the merger plus new debt incurred concurrent with closing, to purchase all of the membership interests of Lodging Master. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the purchase price may be adjusted up or down based on certain adjustments that will be determined within the next ninety days. The Company does not anticipate that the adjustments will increase or decrease the purchase price by more than $1,000. The transaction costs also include the cost of breakage and swap fees associated with the debt assumed and incurred in the merger. The Company expects to pay its business manager, Inland American Business Manager & Advisor Inc., an acquisition fee associated with the merger of approximately $22,300. 
 
 As noted above, at closing Lodging Master had approximately $364,200 of long-term debt that remained in place and is thus part of the purchase price paid for Lodging Master. The Company refers to this indebtedness as the &#147;Assumed Loans.&#148; The Company also borrowed an additional $62,400, which is referred to herein as the &#147;New Loans&#148; and which together with the Assumed Loans are referred to as the &#147;Loans.&#148; At closing, the Company paid interest rate swap breakage fees of approximately $7,500 and loan assumption fees of approximately $2,400 with respect to the Assumed Loans. The terms of the Loans are described in more detail below. 
 
 The Assumed Loans consist of nineteen loans, each of which is secured by a first priority mortgage on one of the Acquired Hotels (as defined below). The Assumed Loans mature from April 2008 to September 2015. Five of the 

 -103- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 Assumed Loans bear interest at fixed rates ranging from 5.41% to 6.93% per annum and require the borrowers to make monthly payments of interest and principal until the loans mature. The remainder of the Assumed Loans bear interest at floating rates ranging from LIBOR plus 1.40% to LIBOR plus 2.50% per annum and require the borrowers to make interest-only payments on a monthly basis until the loans mature. As of the closing, the effective interest rates on these loans ranged from 4.52% to 5.62%. The New Loans consist of three loans, each of which is secured by a first priority mortgage on one of the Acquired Hotels. The New Loans mature from February 2009 to February 2010. The New Loans bear interest at floating rates ranging from LIBOR plus 1.70% to LIBOR plus 1.75% per annum and require the borrowers to make interest-only payments on a monthly basis until the loans mature. As of the closing, the effective interest rates on these loans ranged from 4.82% to 4.87%. The Company&#146;s subsidiaries, Inland American Lodging Corporation and Inland American Lodging Group, Inc., have agreed to guarantee the performance of the obligations of the borrowers with respect to certain losses that may be caused by certain acts of misconduct of the borrowers, for example, any fraud or willful destruction of the property securing the Loans. 
 
 As a result of the merger, the Company, through Urban Hotels, has acquired a portfolio of twenty-two full and select-service hotels (the &#147;Acquired Hotels&#148;) located primarily in and around major urban markets across the United States, including Atlanta, Georgia, Baltimore, Maryland, Chicago, Illinois and Washington, D.C. This portfolio includes, among others, four Residence Inn&#174; by Marriott hotels, four Courtyard by Marriott&#174; hotels, four Hilton Garden Inn&#174; hotels and two Embassy Suites&#174; hotels. The Acquired Hotels contain an aggregate of 4,061 rooms. 

 -104- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 

 (15) Supplemental Financial Information (unaudited) 
 
 The following represents the results of operations, for each quarterly period, during 2007 and 2006. 

 2007 
 
 Dec. 31 
 Sept. 30 
 June 30 
 March 31 

 Total income 
 $ 
 187,371 
 141,604 
 86,030 
 63,731 

 Net income (loss) 
 3,809 
 16,971 
 23,053 
 12,089 

 Net income (loss), per common share, basic and diluted 
 .01 
 .04 
 .06 
 .06 

 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 524,257,618 
 473,803,752 
 379,010,064 
 205,589,116 

 2006 
 
 Dec. 31 
 Sept. 30 
 June 30 
 March 31 

 Total income 
 $ 
 49,248 
 35,127 
 21,106 
 17,721 

 Net income (loss) 
 2,270 
 454 
 (929) 
 (1,757) 

 Net income (loss), per common share, basic and diluted 
 .02 
 .01 
 (.02) 
 (.09) 

 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 129,927,358 
 76,848,460 
 45,930,663 
 19,485,272 

 -105- 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 
 December 31, 2007 

 Total Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Building and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Building and Improvements (D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Retail 
 
 14th STREET MARKET 
 7,712 
 3,500 
 9,241 
 - 
 3,500 
 9,241 
 12,741 
 242 
 2007 
 
 Plano, TX 
 
 24 HOUR FITNESS - 249 & JONES 
 - 
 2,650 
 7,079 
 - 
 2,650 
 7,079 
 9,729 
 584 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 24 HOUR FITNESS -THE WOODLANDS 
 - 
 1,540 
 11,287 
 - 
 1,540 
 11,287 
 12,827 
 889 
 2005 
 
 Woodlands, TX 
 
 6101 RICHMOND AVENUE 
 - 
 1,700 
 1,264 
 - 
 1,700 
 1,264 
 2,964 
 104 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 ANTOINE TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 1,645 
 7,343 
 21 
 1,645 
 7,364 
 9,009 
 538 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 ASHFORD PLAZA 
 - 
 900 
 2,440 
 92 
 900 
 2,532 
 3,432 
 189 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 ATASCOCITA SHOPPING CENTER 
 - 
 1,550 
 7,994 
 - 
 1,550 
 7,994 
 9,544 
 612 
 2005 
 
 Humble, TX 
 
 BAY COLONY 
 - 
 3,190 
 30,828 
 3,956 
 3,190 
 34,783 
 37,973 
 2,204 
 2005 
 
 League City, TX 
 
 BELLERIVE PLAZA 
 6,092 
 2,400 
 7,749 
 - 
 2,400 
 7,749 
 10,149 
 203 
 2007 
 
 Nicholasville, KY 
 
 BI-LO - GREENVILLE 
 4,286 
 1,400 
 5,503 
 - 
 1,400 
 5,503 
 6,903 
 305 
 2006 
 
 Greenville, SC 
 
 BLACKHAWK TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 1,645 
 19,982 
 - 
 1,645 
 19,982 
 21,627 
 1,513 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 BRANDON CENTRE SOUTH 
 16,133 
 5,720 
 19,500 
 - 
 5,720 
 19,500 
 25,220 
 512 
 2007 
 
 Brandon, FL 
 
 BROOKS CORNER 
 14,276 
 10,600 
 13,648 
 2,532 
 10,600 
 16,180 
 26,780 
 818 
 2006 
 
 San Antonio, TX 
 
 BUCKHORN PLAZA 
 9,025 
 1,651 
 11,770 
 710 
 1,651 
 12,479 
 14,130 
 580 
 2006 
 
 Bloomsburg, PA 
 
 CANFIELD PLAZA 
 7,575 
 2,250 
 10,339 
 421 
 2,250 
 10,759 
 13,009 
 665 
 2006 

 -106- 

 Canfield, OH 
 
 CARVER CREEK 
 - 
 650 
 560 
 716 
 650 
 1,276 
 1,926 
 67 
 2005 
 
 Dallas, TX 
 
 CHESAPEAKE COMMONS 
 8,950 
 2,669 
 10,839 
 - 
 2,669 
 10,839 
 13,508 
 298 
 2007 
 
 Chesapeake, VA 
 
 CHILI'S - HUNTING BAYOU 
 - 
 400 
 - 
 - 
 400 
 - 
 400 
 - 
 2005 
 
 Jacinto City, TX 
 
 CINEMARK - JACINTO CITY 
 - 
 1,160 
 10,540 
 - 
 1,160 
 10,540 
 11,700 
 833 
 2005 
 
 Jacinto City, TX 
 
 CINEMARK - WEBSTER 
 - 
 1,830 
 12,094 
 - 
 1,830 
 12,094 
 13,924 
 922 
 2005 
 
 Webster, TX 
 
 CINEMARK 12 - SILVERLAKE 
 - 
 1,310 
 7,496 
 - 
 1,310 
 7,496 
 8,806 
 550 
 2005 
 
 Pearland, TX 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 - 
 525 
 737 
 - 
 525 
 737 
 1,262 
 16 
 2007 
 
 Hamden, CT 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 - 
 450 
 1,191 
 - 
 450 
 1,191 
 1,641 
 25 
 2007 
 
 Colchester, CT 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 - 
 480 
 2,194 
 - 
 480 
 2,194 
 2,674 
 47 
 2007 
 
 Deep River, CT 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 - 
 430 
 1,242 
 - 
 430 
 1,242 
 1,672 
 26 
 2007 
 
 East Lyme, CT 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 - 
 111 
 2,648 
 - 
 111 
 2,648 
 2,759 
 56 
 2007 
 
 Montville, CT 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 - 
 450 
 1,221 
 - 
 450 
 1,221 
 1,671 
 26 
 2007 
 
 Stonington, CT 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 - 
 420 
 1,251 
 - 
 420 
 1,251 
 1,671 
 27 
 2007 
 
 Stonington, CT 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 - 
 490 
 879 
 - 
 490 
 879 
 1,369 
 19 
 2007 
 
 East Hampton, CT 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) DELAWARE 
 - 
 525 
 353 
 - 
 525 
 353 
 878 
 7 
 2007 
 
 Lewes, DE 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) DELAWARE 
 - 
 275 
 252 
 - 
 275 
 252 
 527 
 5 
 2007 
 
 Wilmington, DE 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) DELAWARE 
 - 
 485 
 212 
 - 
 485 
 212 
 697 
 5 
 2007 
 
 Wilmington, DE 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 - 
 1,870 
 2,414 
 - 
 1,870 
 2,414 
 4,284 
 51 
 2007 
 
 Orland Hills, IL 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 - 
 450 
 267 
 - 
 450 
 267 
 717 
 6 
 2007 

 -107- 

 Calumet City, IL 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 - 
 815 
 133 
 - 
 815 
 133 
 948 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Chicago, IL 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 - 
 575 
 379 
 - 
 575 
 379 
 954 
 8 
 2007 
 
 Villa Park, IL 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 - 
 725 
 582 
 - 
 725 
 582 
 1,307 
 12 
 2007 
 
 Westchester, IL 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 - 
 375 
 1,069 
 - 
 375 
 1,069 
 1,444 
 23 
 2007 
 
 Olympia Fields, IL 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 - 
 290 
 904 
 - 
 290 
 904 
 1,194 
 19 
 2007 
 
 Chicago Heights, IL 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MELLON BANK BLD 
 - 
 725 
 2,248 
 - 
 725 
 2,248 
 2,973 
 48 
 2007 
 
 Georgetown, DE 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MICHIGAN 
 - 
 500 
 174 
 - 
 500 
 174 
 674 
 4 
 2007 
 
 Farmington, MI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MICHIGAN 
 - 
 1,100 
 219 
 - 
 1,100 
 219 
 1,319 
 5 
 2007 
 
 Troy, MI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 - 
 1,050 
 2,121 
 - 
 1,050 
 2,121 
 3,171 
 45 
 2007 
 
 Keene, NH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 - 
 554 
 1,119 
 - 
 554 
 1,119 
 1,673 
 24 
 2007 
 
 Manchester, NH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 - 
 618 
 1,251 
 - 
 618 
 1,251 
 1,869 
 27 
 2007 
 
 Manchester, NH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 - 
 641 
 1,297 
 - 
 641 
 1,297 
 1,938 
 28 
 2007 
 
 Salem, NH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 - 
 9,620 
 15,633 
 - 
 9,620 
 15,633 
 25,253 
 334 
 2007 
 
 Manchester, NH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 - 
 172 
 281 
 - 
 172 
 281 
 453 
 6 
 2007 
 
 Hinsdale, NH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 - 
 111 
 250 
 - 
 111 
 250 
 361 
 5 
 2007 
 
 Ossipee, NH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 - 
 176 
 259 
 - 
 176 
 259 
 435 
 6 
 2007 
 
 Pelham, NH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW JERSEY 
 - 
 500 
 466 
 - 
 500 
 466 
 966 
 10 
 2007 
 
 Haddon Heights, NJ 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW JERSEY 
 - 
 850 
 468 
 - 
 850 
 468 
 1,318 
 10 
 2007 
 
 Marlton, NJ 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW YORK 
 - 
 70 
 1,342 
 - 
 70 
 1,342 
 1,412 
 29 
 2007 

 -108- 

 Plattsburgh, NY 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 
 - 
 400 
 1,736 
 - 
 400 
 1,736 
 2,136 
 37 
 2007 
 
 Fairlawn, OH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 
 - 
 450 
 420 
 - 
 450 
 420 
 870 
 9 
 2007 
 
 Bedford, OH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 
 - 
 625 
 477 
 - 
 625 
 477 
 1,102 
 10 
 2007 
 
 Parma, OH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 
 - 
 900 
 505 
 - 
 900 
 505 
 1,405 
 11 
 2007 
 
 Parma, OH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 
 - 
 750 
 508 
 - 
 750 
 508 
 1,258 
 11 
 2007 
 
 Parma Heights, OH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 
 - 
 850 
 876 
 - 
 850 
 876 
 1,726 
 19 
 2007 
 
 South Russell, OH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 50 
 771 
 - 
 50 
 771 
 821 
 16 
 2007 
 
 Altoona, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 85 
 1,134 
 - 
 85 
 1,134 
 1,219 
 24 
 2007 
 
 Ashley, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 675 
 1,144 
 - 
 675 
 1,144 
 1,819 
 24 
 2007 
 
 Brodheadsville, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 75 
 1,434 
 - 
 75 
 1,434 
 1,509 
 31 
 2007 
 
 Butler, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 1,150 
 1,420 
 - 
 1,150 
 1,420 
 2,570 
 30 
 2007 
 
 Camp Hill, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 500 
 1,342 
 - 
 500 
 1,342 
 1,842 
 29 
 2007 
 
 Camp Hill, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 125 
 1,830 
 - 
 125 
 1,830 
 1,955 
 39 
 2007 
 
 Carnegie, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 40 
 1,555 
 - 
 40 
 1,555 
 1,595 
 33 
 2007 
 
 Charlerol, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 325 
 1,427 
 - 
 325 
 1,427 
 1,752 
 30 
 2007 
 
 Dallas, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 150 
 962 
 - 
 150 
 962 
 1,112 
 21 
 2007 
 
 Dallastown, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 260 
 1,458 
 - 
 260 
 1,458 
 1,718 
 31 
 2007 
 
 Dillsburg, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 485 
 1,655 
 - 
 485 
 1,655 
 2,140 
 35 
 2007 
 
 Drexel Hill, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 50 
 1,106 
 - 
 50 
 1,106 
 1,156 
 24 
 2007 

 -109- 

 Ford City, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 385 
 1,727 
 - 
 385 
 1,727 
 2,112 
 37 
 2007 
 
 Glenside, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 125 
 909 
 - 
 125 
 909 
 1,034 
 19 
 2007 
 
 Greensburg, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 300 
 1,092 
 - 
 300 
 1,092 
 1,392 
 23 
 2007 
 
 Highspire, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 100 
 1,009 
 - 
 100 
 1,009 
 1,109 
 22 
 2007 
 
 Homestead, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 300 
 1,697 
 - 
 300 
 1,697 
 1,997 
 36 
 2007 
 
 Kingston, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 50 
 1,388 
 - 
 50 
 1,388 
 1,438 
 30 
 2007 
 
 Kittanning, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 330 
 1,819 
 - 
 330 
 1,819 
 2,149 
 39 
 2007 
 
 Matamoras, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 100 
 1,157 
 - 
 100 
 1,157 
 1,257 
 25 
 2007 
 
 McKees Rocks, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 250 
 2,931 
 - 
 250 
 2,931 
 3,181 
 63 
 2007 
 
 Mechanicsburg, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 40 
 521 
 - 
 40 
 521 
 561 
 11 
 2007 
 
 Mercer, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 275 
 1,623 
 - 
 275 
 1,623 
 1,898 
 35 
 2007 
 
 Milford, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 600 
 1,237 
 - 
 600 
 1,237 
 1,837 
 26 
 2007 
 
 Philadelphia, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 245 
 1,054 
 - 
 245 
 1,054 
 1,299 
 23 
 2007 
 
 Philadelphia, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 700 
 1,342 
 - 
 700 
 1,342 
 2,042 
 29 
 2007 
 
 Philadelphia, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 75 
 1,131 
 - 
 75 
 1,131 
 1,206 
 24 
 2007 
 
 Pitcairn, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 75 
 3,668 
 - 
 75 
 3,668 
 3,743 
 78 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 100 
 2,069 
 - 
 100 
 2,069 
 2,169 
 44 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 900 
 3,146 
 - 
 900 
 3,146 
 4,046 
 67 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 150 
 1,032 
 - 
 150 
 1,032 
 1,182 
 22 
 2007 

 -110- 

 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 75 
 3,322 
 - 
 75 
 3,322 
 3,397 
 71 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 75 
 1,583 
 - 
 75 
 1,583 
 1,658 
 34 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 50 
 1,527 
 - 
 50 
 1,527 
 1,577 
 33 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 165 
 2,265 
 - 
 165 
 2,265 
 2,430 
 48 
 2007 
 
 Reading, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 120 
 1,336 
 - 
 120 
 1,336 
 1,456 
 29 
 2007 
 
 Reading, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 650 
 1,249 
 - 
 650 
 1,249 
 1,899 
 27 
 2007 
 
 Souderton, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 400 
 1,672 
 - 
 400 
 1,672 
 2,072 
 36 
 2007 
 
 State College, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 730 
 1,225 
 - 
 730 
 1,225 
 1,955 
 26 
 2007 
 
 Tannersville, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 150 
 1,257 
 - 
 150 
 1,257 
 1,407 
 27 
 2007 
 
 Turtle Creek, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 50 
 919 
 - 
 50 
 919 
 969 
 20 
 2007 
 
 Tyrone, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 530 
 1,289 
 - 
 530 
 1,289 
 1,819 
 28 
 2007 
 
 Upper Darby, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 115 
 964 
 - 
 115 
 964 
 1,079 
 21 
 2007 
 
 West Chester, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 125 
 2,776 
 - 
 125 
 2,776 
 2,901 
 59 
 2007 
 
 West Hazelson, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 400 
 3,016 
 - 
 400 
 3,016 
 3,416 
 64 
 2007 
 
 York, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 150 
 668 
 - 
 150 
 668 
 818 
 14 
 2007 
 
 Aliquippa, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 750 
 761 
 - 
 750 
 761 
 1,511 
 16 
 2007 
 
 Allison Park, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 100 
 573 
 - 
 100 
 573 
 673 
 12 
 2007 
 
 Altoona, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 350 
 504 
 - 
 350 
 504 
 854 
 11 
 2007 
 
 Beaver Falls, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 350 
 567 
 - 
 350 
 567 
 917 
 12 
 2007 

 -111- 

 Carlisle, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 100 
 483 
 - 
 100 
 483 
 583 
 10 
 2007 
 
 Cranberry, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 275 
 610 
 - 
 275 
 610 
 885 
 13 
 2007 
 
 Erie, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 90 
 383 
 - 
 90 
 383 
 473 
 8 
 2007 
 
 Grove City, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 40 
 612 
 - 
 40 
 612 
 652 
 13 
 2007 
 
 Grove City, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 625 
 676 
 - 
 625 
 676 
 1,301 
 14 
 2007 
 
 Harrisburg, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 690 
 782 
 - 
 690 
 782 
 1,472 
 17 
 2007 
 
 Haertown, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 50 
 733 
 - 
 50 
 733 
 783 
 16 
 2007 
 
 Hollidaysburg, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 420 
 589 
 - 
 420 
 589 
 1,009 
 13 
 2007 
 
 Kutztown, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 650 
 614 
 - 
 650 
 614 
 1,264 
 13 
 2007 
 
 Lancaster, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 500 
 671 
 - 
 500 
 671 
 1,171 
 14 
 2007 
 
 Lancaster, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 200 
 538 
 - 
 200 
 538 
 738 
 11 
 2007 
 
 Latrobe, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 175 
 552 
 - 
 175 
 552 
 727 
 12 
 2007 
 
 Lititz, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 225 
 644 
 - 
 225 
 644 
 869 
 14 
 2007 
 
 Lower Burrell, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 210 
 542 
 - 
 210 
 542 
 752 
 12 
 2007 
 
 Mountain Top, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 125 
 275 
 - 
 125 
 275 
 400 
 6 
 2007 
 
 Munhall, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 500 
 688 
 - 
 500 
 688 
 1,188 
 15 
 2007 
 
 New Stanton, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 225 
 966 
 - 
 225 
 966 
 1,191 
 21 
 2007 
 
 Oakmont, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 50 
 536 
 - 
 50 
 536 
 586 
 11 
 2007 
 
 Oil City, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 225 
 682 
 - 
 225 
 682 
 907 
 15 
 2007 

 -112- 

 Philadelphia, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 500 
 1,723 
 - 
 500 
 1,723 
 2,223 
 37 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 300 
 1,446 
 - 
 300 
 1,446 
 1,746 
 31 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 275 
 1,121 
 - 
 275 
 1,121 
 1,396 
 24 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 250 
 936 
 - 
 250 
 936 
 1,186 
 20 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 75 
 799 
 - 
 75 
 799 
 874 
 17 
 2007 
 
 Saxonburg, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 225 
 417 
 - 
 225 
 417 
 642 
 9 
 2007 
 
 Shippensburg, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 200 
 241 
 - 
 200 
 241 
 441 
 5 
 2007 
 
 Slovan, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 325 
 535 
 - 
 325 
 535 
 860 
 11 
 2007 
 
 State College, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 245 
 650 
 - 
 245 
 650 
 895 
 14 
 2007 
 
 Temple, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 300 
 647 
 - 
 300 
 647 
 947 
 14 
 2007 
 
 Verona, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 1,250 
 1,086 
 - 
 1,250 
 1,086 
 2,336 
 23 
 2007 
 
 Warrendale, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 390 
 659 
 - 
 390 
 659 
 1,049 
 14 
 2007 
 
 West Grove, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 600 
 647 
 - 
 600 
 647 
 1,247 
 14 
 2007 
 
 Wexford, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 225 
 968 
 - 
 225 
 968 
 1,193 
 21 
 2007 
 
 Wilkes-Barre, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 700 
 703 
 - 
 700 
 703 
 1,403 
 15 
 2007 
 
 York, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 - 
 250 
 2,182 
 - 
 250 
 2,182 
 2,432 
 47 
 2007 
 
 Mount Lebanon, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 - 
 438 
 1,095 
 - 
 438 
 1,095 
 1,533 
 23 
 2007 
 
 Coventry, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 - 
 643 
 1,607 
 - 
 643 
 1,607 
 2,250 
 34 
 2007 
 
 Cranston, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 - 
 538 
 1,346 
 - 
 538 
 1,346 
 1,884 
 29 
 2007 

 -113- 

 Johnston, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 - 
 821 
 1,980 
 - 
 821 
 1,980 
 2,801 
 42 
 2007 
 
 North Providence,RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 - 
 600 
 1,168 
 - 
 600 
 1,168 
 1,768 
 25 
 2007 
 
 Providence, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 - 
 666 
 1,457 
 - 
 666 
 1,457 
 2,123 
 31 
 2007 
 
 Wakefield, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 - 
 1,278 
 3,817 
 - 
 1,278 
 3,817 
 5,096 
 81 
 2007 
 
 Providence, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 - 
 2,254 
 15,856 
 - 
 2,254 
 15,856 
 18,110 
 338 
 2007 
 
 Warwick, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 - 
 375 
 639 
 - 
 375 
 639 
 1,013 
 14 
 2007 
 
 East Greenwich, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 - 
 472 
 783 
 - 
 472 
 783 
 1,255 
 17 
 2007 
 
 North Providence, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 - 
 366 
 705 
 - 
 366 
 705 
 1,070 
 15 
 2007 
 
 Rumford, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 - 
 353 
 657 
 - 
 353 
 657 
 1,010 
 14 
 2007 
 
 Warren, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) VERMONT 
 - 
 1,270 
 153 
 - 
 1,270 
 153 
 1,423 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Middlebury, VT 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 400 
 1,002 
 - 
 400 
 1,002 
 1,402 
 21 
 2007 
 
 Ludlow, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 1,263 
 1,802 
 - 
 1,263 
 1,802 
 3,065 
 38 
 2007 
 
 Malden, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 607 
 809 
 - 
 607 
 809 
 1,416 
 17 
 2007 
 
 Malden, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 952 
 1,258 
 - 
 952 
 1,258 
 2,210 
 27 
 2007 
 
 Medford, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 1,431 
 2,287 
 - 
 1,431 
 2,287 
 3,717 
 49 
 2007 
 
 Milton, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 998 
 1,424 
 - 
 998 
 1,424 
 2,421 
 30 
 2007 
 
 Randolph, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 743 
 1,177 
 - 
 743 
 1,177 
 1,920 
 25 
 2007 
 
 South Dennis, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 310 
 856 
 - 
 310 
 856 
 1,166 
 18 
 2007 
 
 Springfield, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 1,050 
 1,085 
 - 
 1,050 
 1,085 
 2,135 
 23 
 2007 

 -114- 

 Woburn, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 300 
 424 
 - 
 300 
 424 
 724 
 9 
 2007 
 
 Dorchester, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 440 
 553 
 - 
 440 
 553 
 994 
 12 
 2007 
 
 Needham, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 450 
 530 
 - 
 450 
 530 
 980 
 11 
 2007 
 
 New Bedford, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 595 
 601 
 - 
 595 
 601 
 1,195 
 13 
 2007 
 
 Somerville, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 300 
 243 
 - 
 300 
 243 
 543 
 5 
 2007 
 
 Springfield, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 621 
 712 
 - 
 621 
 712 
 1,333 
 15 
 2007 
 
 Tewksbury, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 552 
 527 
 - 
 552 
 527 
 1,079 
 11 
 2007 
 
 Watertown, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 350 
 399 
 - 
 350 
 399 
 749 
 9 
 2007 
 
 Wilbraham, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 541 
 824 
 - 
 541 
 824 
 1,365 
 18 
 2007 
 
 Winthrop, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 379 
 824 
 - 
 379 
 824 
 1,203 
 18 
 2007 
 
 Dedham, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 - 
 542 
 1,032 
 - 
 542 
 1,032 
 1,574 
 22 
 2007 
 
 Hanover, MA 
 
 CROSS TIMBERS COURT 
 8,193 
 3,300 
 9,939 
 - 
 3,300 
 9,939 
 13,239 
 261 
 2007 
 
 Flower Mound, TX 
 
 CROSSROADS AT CHESAPEAKE SQUARE 
 11,210 
 3,970 
 13,732 
 - 
 3,970 
 13,732 
 17,702 
 378 
 2007 
 
 Chesapeake, VA 
 
 CUSTER CREEK VILLAGE 
 10,149 
 4,750 
 12,245 
 - 
 4,750 
 12,245 
 16,995 
 321 
 2007 
 
 Richardson, TX 
 
 CYFAIR TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 1,800 
 13,093 
 - 
 1,800 
 13,093 
 14,893 
 648 
 2006 
 
 Cypress, TX 
 
 CYPRESS TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 1,850 
 11,630 
 - 
 1,850 
 11,630 
 13,480 
 847 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 DONELSON PLAZA 
 2,315 
 1,000 
 3,147 
 - 
 1,000 
 3,147 
 4,147 
 87 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 EAST GATE 
 6,800 
 2,000 
 10,305 
 - 
 2,000 
 10,305 
 12,305 
 282 
 2007 
 
 Aiken, SC 

 -115- 

 ELDRIDGE LAKES TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 1,400 
 14,048 
 - 
 1,400 
 14,048 
 15,448 
 697 
 2006 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 ELDRIDGE TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 3,200 
 16,663 
 - 
 3,200 
 16,663 
 19,863 
 1,324 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 FABYAN RANDALL PLAZA 
 13,405 
 2,400 
 22,198 
 (129) 
 2,400 
 22,069 
 24,469 
 1,159 
 2006 
 
 Batavia, IL 
 
 FLOWER MOUND CROSSING 
 8,342 
 4,500 
 9,049 
 - 
 4,500 
 9,049 
 13,549 
 248 
 2007 
 
 Flower Mound, TX 
 
 FOREST PLAZA 
 2,248 
 3,400 
 14,550 
 - 
 3,400 
 14,550 
 17,950 
 133 
 2007 
 
 Fond du Lac, WI 
 
 FRIENDSWOOD SHOPPING CENTER 
 - 
 1,550 
 10,887 
 1,013 
 1,550 
 11,900 
 13,450 
 859 
 2005 
 
 Friendswood, TX 
 
 FURY'S FERRY 
 6,381 
 1,600 
 9,783 
 - 
 1,600 
 9,783 
 11,383 
 268 
 2007 
 
 Augusta, GA 
 
 GLENDALE HEIGHTS I, II, III 
 4,705 
 2,220 
 6,399 
 60 
 2,220 
 6,460 
 8,680 
 276 
 2006 
 
 Glendale Heights, IL 
 
 GRAVOIS DILLON PLAZA 
 12,630 
 7,300 
 15,392 
 - 
 7,300 
 15,392 
 22,692 
 359 
 2007 
 
 High Ridge, MO 
 
 HERITAGE HEIGHTS 
 10,719 
 4,600 
 13,502 
 - 
 4,600 
 13,502 
 18,102 
 354 
 2007 
 
 Grapevine, TX 
 
 HIGHLAND PLAZA 
 - 
 2,450 
 15,642 
 - 
 2,450 
 15,642 
 18,092 
 1,140 
 2005 
 
 Katy, TX 
 
 HUNTER'S GLEN CROSSING 
 9,790 
 4,800 
 11,719 
 - 
 4,800 
 11,719 
 16,519 
 307 
 2007 
 
 Plano, TX 
 
 HUNTING BAYOU 
 - 
 2,400 
 16,265 
 711 
 2,400 
 16,976 
 19,376 
 1,095 
 2006 
 
 Jacinto City, TX 
 
 JOE'S CRAB SHACK-HUNTING BAYOU 
 - 
 540 
 - 
 - 
 540 
 - 
 540 
 - 
 2005 
 
 Jacinto City, TX 
 
 JOSEY OAKS CROSSING 
 9,346 
 2,620 
 13,989 
 - 
 2,620 
 13,989 
 16,609 
 366 
 2007 
 
 Carrollton, TX 
 
 LAKEPORT COMMONS 
 - 
 7,800 
 39,984 
 - 
 7,800 
 39,984 
 47,784 
 346 
 2007 
 
 Sioux City, IA 
 
 LAKEWOOD SHOPPING CENTER 
 11,715 
 4,115 
 20,646 
 (41) 
 4,115 
 20,605 
 24,720 
 1,449 
 2006 
 
 Margate, FL 
 
 LAKEWOOD SHOPPING CTR PHASE II 
 - 
 6,340 
 6,996 
 - 
 6,340 
 6,996 
 13,336 
 148 
 2007 
 
 Margate, FL 
 
 LEGACY CROSSING 
 10,890 
 4,280 
 13,896 
 - 
 4,280 
 13,896 
 18,176 
 331 
 2007 
 
 Marion, OH 

 -116- 

 LEXINGTON ROAD 
 5,454 
 1,980 
 7,105 
 - 
 1,980 
 7,105 
 9,085 
 304 
 2006 
 
 Athens, GA 
 
 LINCOLN MALL 
 33,835 
 11,000 
 50,395 
 395 
 11,000 
 50,790 
 61,790 
 2,793 
 2006 
 
 Lincoln, RI 
 
 LINCOLN VILLAGE 
 22,035 
 13,600 
 25,053 
 95 
 13,600 
 25,148 
 38,748 
 1,103 
 2006 
 
 Chicago, IL 
 
 LORD SALISBURY CENTER 
 12,600 
 11,000 
 9,567 
 - 
 11,000 
 9,567 
 20,567 
 175 
 2007 
 
 Salisbury, MD 
 
 MARKET AT MORSE / HAMILTON 
 7,893 
 4,490 
 8,734 
 - 
 4,490 
 8,734 
 13,224 
 307 
 2007 
 
 Columbus, OH 
 
 MARKET AT WESTLAKE 
 4,803 
 1,200 
 6,274 
 - 
 1,200 
 6,274 
 7,474 
 165 
 2007 
 
 Westlake Hills, TX 
 
 MCKINNEY TC OUTLOTS 
 - 
 6,260 
 12 
 - 
 6,260 
 12 
 6,272 
 0 
 2007 
 
 McKinney, TX 
 
 MIDDLEBURG CROSSING 
 - 
 2,760 
 7,145 
 - 
 2,760 
 7,145 
 9,905 
 126 
 2007 
 
 Middleburg, FL 
 
 MONADNOCK MARKETPLACE 
 26,785 
 7,000 
 39,008 
 - 
 7,000 
 39,008 
 46,008 
 2,730 
 2006 
 
 Keene, NH 
 
 NEW FOREST CROSSING II 
 3,438 
 1,490 
 3,922 
 10 
 1,490 
 3,932 
 5,422 
 144 
 2006 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 NEWTOWN ROAD 
 968 
 905 
 877 
 - 
 905 
 877 
 1,782 
 35 
 2006 
 
 Virginia Beach, VA 
 
 NORTHWEST MARKETPLACE 
 19,965 
 2,910 
 30,340 
 - 
 2,910 
 30,340 
 33,250 
 619 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 NTB ELDRIDGE 
 - 
 960 
 - 
 - 
 960 
 - 
 960 
 - 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 PARADISE SHOPS OF LARGO 
 7,325 
 4,640 
 7,483 
 (27) 
 4,640 
 7,456 
 12,096 
 594 
 2005 
 
 Largo, FL 
 
 PARK WEST PLAZA 
 7,532 
 4,250 
 8,186 
 - 
 4,250 
 8,186 
 12,436 
 224 
 2007 
 
 Grapevine, TX 
 
 PARKWAY CENTRE NORTH 
 - 
 4,680 
 16,046 
 - 
 4,680 
 16,046 
 20,726 
 535 
 2007 
 
 Grove City, OH 
 
 PARKWAY CENTRE NORTH OUTLOT B 
 - 
 900 
 2,590 
 - 
 900 
 2,590 
 3,490 
 73 
 2007 
 
 Grove City, OH 
 
 PAVILIONS AT HARTMAN HERITAGE 
 23,450 
 9,700 
 28,849 
 - 
 9,700 
 28,849 
 38,549 
 661 
 2007 
 
 Independence, MO 
 
 PENN PARK 
 29,691 
 6,260 
 29,424 
 - 
 6,260 
 29,424 
 35,684 
 271 
 2007 
 
 Oklahoma City, OK 

 -117- 

 PINEHURST SHOPPING CENTER 
 - 
 625 
 2,157 
 76 
 625 
 2,233 
 2,858 
 179 
 2005 
 
 Humble, TX 
 
 PIONEER PLAZA 
 2,250 
 325 
 3,099 
 - 
 325 
 3,099 
 3,424 
 85 
 2007 
 
 Mesquite, TX 
 
 PLAZA AT EAGLE'S LANDING 
 5,310 
 1,580 
 7,002 
 1 
 1,580 
 7,003 
 8,583 
 286 
 2006 
 
 Stockbridge, GA 
 
 RIVERSTONE SHOPPING CENTER 
 - 
 12,000 
 26,395 
 - 
 12,000 
 26,395 
 38,395 
 484 
 2007 
 
 Missouri City, TX 
 
 RIVERVIEW VILLAGE 
 10,121 
 6,000 
 9,649 
 - 
 6,000 
 9,649 
 15,649 
 253 
 2007 
 
 Arlington, TX 
 
 SARATOGA TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 1,500 
 12,971 
 - 
 1,500 
 12,971 
 14,471 
 965 
 2005 
 
 Corpus Christi, TX 
 
 SCOFIELD CROSSING 
 8,435 
 8,100 
 4,992 
 - 
 8,100 
 4,992 
 13,092 
 137 
 2007 
 
 Austin, TX 
 
 SHAKOPEE SHOPPING CENTER 
 8,800 
 6,900 
 8,583 
 - 
 6,900 
 8,583 
 15,483 
 550 
 2006 
 
 Shakopee, MN 
 
 SHALLOTTE COMMONS 
 6,078 
 1,650 
 9,028 
 - 
 1,650 
 9,028 
 10,678 
 184 
 2007 
 
 Shallotte, NC 
 
 SHERMAN PLAZA 
 30,275 
 9,655 
 30,982 
 5,070 
 9,655 
 36,052 
 45,707 
 1,132 
 2006 
 
 Evanston, IL 
 
 SHERMAN TOWN CENTER 
 37,160 
 4,850 
 49,273 
 - 
 4,850 
 49,273 
 54,123 
 2,301 
 2006 
 
 Sherman, TX 
 
 SHILOH SQUARE 
 3,238 
 1,025 
 3,946 
 - 
 1,025 
 3,946 
 4,971 
 103 
 2007 
 
 Garland, TX 
 
 SPRING TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 3,150 
 12,433 
 - 
 3,150 
 12,433 
 15,583 
 645 
 2006 
 
 Spring, TX 
 
 SPRING TOWN CENTER III 
 - 
 1,320 
 3,070 
 - 
 1,320 
 3,070 
 4,390 
 56 
 2007 
 
 Spring, TX 
 
 STABLES TOWN CENTER I and II 
 - 
 4,650 
 19,006 
 311 
 4,650 
 19,318 
 23,968 
 1,321 
 2005 
 
 Spring, TX 
 
 STATE STREET MARKET 
 10,450 
 3,950 
 14,184 
 279 
 3,950 
 14,464 
 18,414 
 566 
 2006 
 
 Rockford, IL 
 
 STOP & SHOP - SICKLERVILLE 
 8,535 
 2,200 
 11,559 
 - 
 2,200 
 11,559 
 13,759 
 640 
 2006 
 
 Sicklerville, NJ 
 
 STOP N SHOP - BRISTOL 
 8,368 
 1,700 
 11,830 
 - 
 1,700 
 11,830 
 13,530 
 656 
 2006 
 
 Bristol, RI 
 
 STOP N SHOP - CUMBERLAND 
 11,531 
 2,400 
 16,196 
 - 
 2,400 
 16,196 
 18,596 
 897 
 2006 
 
 Cumberland, RI 

 -118- 

 STOP N SHOP - FRAMINGHAM 
 9,269 
 6,500 
 8,517 
 - 
 6,500 
 8,517 
 15,017 
 472 
 2006 
 
 Framingham, MA 
 
 STOP N SHOP - HYDE PARK 
 8,100 
 2,000 
 12,274 
 - 
 2,000 
 12,274 
 14,274 
 829 
 2006 
 
 Hyde Park, NY 
 
 STOP N SHOP - MALDEN 
 12,753 
 6,700 
 13,828 
 - 
 6,700 
 13,828 
 20,528 
 766 
 2006 
 
 Malden, MA 
 
 STOP N SHOP - SOUTHINGTON 
 11,145 
 4,000 
 13,938 
 - 
 4,000 
 13,938 
 17,938 
 772 
 2006 
 
 Southington, CT 
 
 STOP N SHOP - SWAMPSCOTT 
 11,066 
 4,200 
 13,613 
 - 
 4,200 
 13,613 
 17,813 
 754 
 2006 
 
 Swampscott, MA 
 
 STREETS OF CRANBERRY 
 24,425 
 4,300 
 20,215 
 - 
 4,300 
 20,215 
 24,515 
 124 
 2007 
 
 Cranberry Township, PA 
 
 SUNCREEK VILLAGE 
 2,683 
 900 
 3,155 
 - 
 900 
 3,155 
 4,055 
 87 
 2007 
 
 Plano, TX 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I AL 
 1,511 
 675 
 1,018 
 - 
 675 
 1,018 
 1,693 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Muscle Shoals, AL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I AL 
 667 
 633 
 449 
 - 
 633 
 449 
 1,082 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Killen, AL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I DC 
 2,001 
 500 
 2,082 
 - 
 500 
 2,082 
 2,582 
 6 
 2007 
 
 Brightwood, DC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,294 
 1,200 
 603 
 - 
 1,200 
 603 
 1,803 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Panama City, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,686 
 1,400 
 786 
 - 
 1,400 
 786 
 2,186 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,329 
 1,276 
 620 
 - 
 1,276 
 620 
 1,896 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Apopka, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,252 
 1,285 
 584 
 - 
 1,285 
 584 
 1,869 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Bayonet Point, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,886 
 800 
 879 
 - 
 800 
 879 
 1,679 
 3 
 2007 
 
 West Palm Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,289 
 1,218 
 601 
 - 
 1,218 
 601 
 1,819 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Daytona Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,145 
 900 
 534 
 - 
 900 
 534 
 1,434 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Sarasota, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 911 
 759 
 425 
 - 
 759 
 425 
 1,184 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Dade City, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 769 
 725 
 359 
 - 
 725 
 359 
 1,084 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Pensacola, FL 

 -119- 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 864 
 300 
 403 
 - 
 300 
 403 
 703 
 1 
 2007 
 
 New Smyrna Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 879 
 1,100 
 410 
 - 
 1,100 
 410 
 1,510 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Clearwater, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,460 
 600 
 681 
 - 
 600 
 681 
 1,281 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Daytona Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,242 
 950 
 579 
 - 
 950 
 579 
 1,529 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Deltona, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,821 
 1,900 
 849 
 - 
 1,900 
 849 
 2,749 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Boca Raton, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,719 
 900 
 802 
 - 
 900 
 802 
 1,702 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Clearwater, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,638 
 1,500 
 764 
 - 
 1,500 
 764 
 2,264 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Ocala, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,145 
 1,100 
 534 
 - 
 1,100 
 534 
 1,634 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Palm Coast, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 746 
 650 
 348 
 - 
 650 
 348 
 998 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Tampa, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,526 
 1,400 
 712 
 - 
 1,400 
 712 
 2,112 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Fort Meade, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 689 
 575 
 321 
 - 
 575 
 321 
 896 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Fruitland Park, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,092 
 953 
 509 
 - 
 953 
 509 
 1,462 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Ocala, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,653 
 950 
 771 
 - 
 950 
 771 
 1,721 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Ormond Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 729 
 730 
 340 
 - 
 730 
 340 
 1,070 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Gainesville, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 785 
 625 
 366 
 - 
 625 
 366 
 991 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Lakeland, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,374 
 950 
 641 
 - 
 950 
 641 
 1,591 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Hobe Sound, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 673 
 600 
 314 
 - 
 600 
 314 
 914 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Mulberry, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,187 
 1,060 
 553 
 - 
 1,060 
 553 
 1,613 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Indian Harbour Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,533 
 500 
 715 
 - 
 500 
 715 
 1,215 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Inverness, FL 

 -120- 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 3,049 
 2,100 
 1,422 
 - 
 2,100 
 1,422 
 3,522 
 4 
 2007 
 
 Lake Mary, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,408 
 910 
 656 
 - 
 910 
 656 
 1,566 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Melbourne, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,420 
 1,540 
 662 
 - 
 1,540 
 662 
 2,202 
 2 
 2007 
 
 St. Petersburg, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,015 
 1,100 
 474 
 - 
 1,100 
 474 
 1,574 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Lutz, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,803 
 275 
 841 
 - 
 275 
 841 
 1,116 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Marianna, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,151 
 1,100 
 537 
 - 
 1,100 
 537 
 1,637 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Gainesville, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 947 
 850 
 441 
 - 
 850 
 441 
 1,291 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Vero Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,655 
 500 
 772 
 - 
 500 
 772 
 1,272 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Mount Dora, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,822 
 1,800 
 850 
 - 
 1,800 
 850 
 2,650 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Sarasota, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 2,449 
 1,100 
 1,142 
 - 
 1,100 
 1,142 
 2,242 
 3 
 2007 
 
 New Smyrna Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,511 
 1,700 
 705 
 - 
 1,700 
 705 
 2,405 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Lakeland, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,256 
 1,300 
 585 
 - 
 1,300 
 585 
 1,885 
 2 
 2007 
 
 North Palm Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,479 
 1,050 
 689 
 - 
 1,050 
 689 
 1,739 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Port St. Lucie, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 2,000 
 1,700 
 933 
 - 
 1,700 
 933 
 2,633 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Clearwater, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,329 
 1,200 
 620 
 - 
 1,200 
 620 
 1,820 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Okeechobee, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,417 
 580 
 661 
 - 
 580 
 661 
 1,241 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Ormond Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,542 
 1,100 
 719 
 - 
 1,100 
 719 
 1,819 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Osprey, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 649 
 601 
 303 
 - 
 601 
 303 
 903 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Panama City Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 985 
 975 
 459 
 - 
 975 
 459 
 1,434 
 1 
 2007 
 
 New Port Richey, FL 

 -121- 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,519 
 1,750 
 708 
 - 
 1,750 
 708 
 2,458 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Pembroke Pines, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 2,448 
 2,200 
 1,142 
 - 
 2,200 
 1,142 
 3,342 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,922 
 1,800 
 896 
 - 
 1,800 
 896 
 2,696 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Pompano Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 923 
 861 
 431 
 - 
 861 
 431 
 1,292 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Jacksonville, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 719 
 600 
 335 
 - 
 600 
 335 
 935 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Brooksville, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 2,990 
 2,803 
 1,394 
 - 
 2,803 
 1,394 
 4,197 
 4 
 2007 
 
 Miami, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,237 
 490 
 577 
 - 
 490 
 577 
 1,067 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Rockledge, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 871 
 812 
 406 
 - 
 812 
 406 
 1,218 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Tampa, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 2,447 
 1,565 
 1,141 
 - 
 1,565 
 1,141 
 2,706 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Seminole, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,542 
 1,023 
 719 
 - 
 1,023 
 719 
 1,743 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,006 
 1,050 
 469 
 - 
 1,050 
 469 
 1,519 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Jacksonville, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,230 
 1,476 
 574 
 - 
 1,476 
 574 
 2,049 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Ocala, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,530 
 1,430 
 714 
 - 
 1,430 
 714 
 2,144 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Orlando,FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 333 
 298 
 155 
 - 
 298 
 155 
 453 
 0 
 2007 
 
 Brooksville, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,632 
 600 
 761 
 - 
 600 
 761 
 1,361 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Spring Hill, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,625 
 1,000 
 758 
 - 
 1,000 
 758 
 1,758 
 2 
 2007 
 
 St. Augustine, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,183 
 900 
 552 
 - 
 900 
 552 
 1,452 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Port St. Lucie, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 2,100 
 900 
 979 
 - 
 900 
 979 
 1,879 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Vero Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,236 
 1,150 
 576 
 - 
 1,150 
 576 
 1,726 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Gulf Breeze, FL 

 -122- 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,957 
 2,400 
 913 
 - 
 2,400 
 913 
 3,313 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Casselberry, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 2,304 
 2,700 
 1,075 
 - 
 2,700 
 1,075 
 3,775 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Winter Park, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,479 
 1,500 
 690 
 - 
 1,500 
 690 
 2,190 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Fort Pierce, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 977 
 600 
 456 
 - 
 600 
 456 
 1,056 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Plant City, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,125 
 1,000 
 525 
 - 
 1,000 
 525 
 1,525 
 2 
 2007 
 
 St. Petersburg, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,843 
 650 
 859 
 - 
 650 
 859 
 1,509 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Ormond Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,686 
 1,840 
 786 
 - 
 1,840 
 786 
 2,626 
 2 
 2007 
 
 West St. Cloud, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,398 
 1,450 
 652 
 - 
 1,450 
 652 
 2,102 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Tamarac, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,054 
 1,050 
 584 
 - 
 1,050 
 584 
 1,634 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Brunswick, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,723 
 2,100 
 955 
 - 
 2,100 
 955 
 3,055 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Kennesaw, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,538 
 675 
 852 
 - 
 675 
 852 
 1,527 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Columbus, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,293 
 925 
 716 
 - 
 925 
 716 
 1,641 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Austell, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 6,011 
 7,184 
 3,329 
 - 
 7,184 
 3,329 
 10,513 
 10 
 2007 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,365 
 1,375 
 756 
 - 
 1,375 
 756 
 2,131 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Chambleee, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,421 
 525 
 787 
 - 
 525 
 787 
 1,312 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Conyers, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 2,187 
 1,750 
 1,211 
 - 
 1,750 
 1,211 
 2,961 
 4 
 2007 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 872 
 300 
 483 
 - 
 300 
 483 
 783 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Savannah, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 2,148 
 1,325 
 1,190 
 - 
 1,325 
 1,190 
 2,515 
 4 
 2007 
 
 Dunwoody, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,113 
 800 
 617 
 - 
 800 
 617 
 1,417 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Douglasville, GA 

 -123- 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 456 
 325 
 253 
 - 
 325 
 253 
 578 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Albany, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 841 
 865 
 466 
 - 
 865 
 466 
 1,330 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Athens, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 736 
 250 
 408 
 - 
 250 
 408 
 658 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Macon, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,178 
 500 
 652 
 - 
 500 
 652 
 1,152 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 2,113 
 1,275 
 1,171 
 - 
 1,275 
 1,171 
 2,446 
 4 
 2007 
 
 Duluth, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,020 
 360 
 565 
 - 
 360 
 565 
 925 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Thomson, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,109 
 90 
 614 
 - 
 90 
 614 
 704 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Madison, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,217 
 325 
 674 
 - 
 325 
 674 
 999 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Savannah, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 2,023 
 2,025 
 1,120 
 - 
 2,025 
 1,120 
 3,145 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Marietta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,790 
 1,200 
 992 
 - 
 1,200 
 992 
 2,192 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Marietta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 2,060 
 1,000 
 1,141 
 - 
 1,000 
 1,141 
 2,141 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Cartersville, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 4,078 
 4,539 
 2,259 
 - 
 4,539 
 2,259 
 6,797 
 7 
 2007 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 840 
 300 
 465 
 - 
 300 
 465 
 765 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Lithonia, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,866 
 1,500 
 1,034 
 - 
 1,500 
 1,034 
 2,534 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Peachtree City, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,242 
 575 
 688 
 - 
 575 
 688 
 1,263 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Stone Mountain, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 2,855 
 1,600 
 1,581 
 - 
 1,600 
 1,581 
 3,181 
 5 
 2007 
 
 Atlanta, Ga 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,187 
 175 
 658 
 - 
 175 
 658 
 833 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Waycross, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 626 
 475 
 347 
 - 
 475 
 347 
 822 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Union City, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 833 
 650 
 462 
 - 
 650 
 462 
 1,112 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Savannah, GA 

 -124- 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,586 
 525 
 878 
 - 
 525 
 878 
 1,403 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Morrow, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 715 
 575 
 396 
 - 
 575 
 396 
 971 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Norcross, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,089 
 869 
 603 
 - 
 869 
 603 
 1,472 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Stockbridge, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 811 
 250 
 449 
 - 
 250 
 449 
 699 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Stone Mountain, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 701 
 575 
 388 
 - 
 575 
 388 
 963 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Sylvester, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,922 
 1,100 
 1,065 
 - 
 1,100 
 1,065 
 2,165 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Evans, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 530 
 200 
 294 
 - 
 200 
 294 
 494 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Thomson, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 2,152 
 1,000 
 1,925 
 - 
 1,000 
 1,925 
 2,925 
 6 
 2007 
 
 Annapolis, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 1,312 
 800 
 1,174 
 - 
 800 
 1,174 
 1,974 
 4 
 2007 
 
 Landover, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 1,581 
 600 
 1,414 
 - 
 600 
 1,414 
 2,014 
 4 
 2007 
 
 Avondale, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 1,634 
 800 
 1,462 
 - 
 800 
 1,462 
 2,262 
 4 
 2007 
 
 Cambridge, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 1,761 
 800 
 1,575 
 - 
 800 
 1,575 
 2,375 
 5 
 2007 
 
 Cockeysville, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 2,492 
 700 
 2,229 
 - 
 700 
 2,229 
 2,929 
 7 
 2007 
 
 Glen Burnie, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 2,765 
 100 
 2,473 
 - 
 100 
 2,473 
 2,573 
 8 
 2007 
 
 Annapolis, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 1,942 
 1,100 
 1,737 
 - 
 1,100 
 1,737 
 2,837 
 5 
 2007 
 
 Prince Frederick, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 978 
 600 
 844 
 - 
 600 
 844 
 1,444 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Greensboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 833 
 550 
 719 
 - 
 550 
 719 
 1,269 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Greensboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 1,039 
 190 
 896 
 - 
 190 
 896 
 1,086 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Apex, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 553 
 450 
 477 
 - 
 450 
 477 
 927 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Arden, NC 

 -125- 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 800 
 400 
 690 
 - 
 400 
 690 
 1,090 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Asheboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 700 
 75 
 604 
 - 
 75 
 604 
 679 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Bessemer City, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 515 
 500 
 444 
 - 
 500 
 444 
 944 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Durham, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 813 
 550 
 701 
 - 
 550 
 701 
 1,251 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Charlotte, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 1,033 
 200 
 891 
 - 
 200 
 891 
 1,091 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Charlotte, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 1,060 
 425 
 915 
 - 
 425 
 915 
 1,340 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Greensboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 593 
 320 
 512 
 - 
 320 
 512 
 832 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Creedmoor, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 923 
 280 
 796 
 - 
 280 
 796 
 1,076 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Durham, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 952 
 400 
 821 
 - 
 400 
 821 
 1,221 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Dunn, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 451 
 550 
 389 
 - 
 550 
 389 
 939 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Harrisburg, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 1,077 
 450 
 929 
 - 
 450 
 929 
 1,379 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Hendersonville, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 821 
 230 
 708 
 - 
 230 
 708 
 938 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Cary, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 1,199 
 300 
 1,034 
 - 
 300 
 1,034 
 1,334 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Mebane, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 2,760 
 175 
 2,380 
 - 
 175 
 2,380 
 2,555 
 7 
 2007 
 
 Lenoir, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 867 
 130 
 747 
 - 
 130 
 747 
 877 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Roxboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 715 
 300 
 617 
 - 
 300 
 617 
 917 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Winston-Salem, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 1,350 
 280 
 1,164 
 - 
 280 
 1,164 
 1,444 
 4 
 2007 
 
 Oxford, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 472 
 25 
 408 
 - 
 25 
 408 
 433 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Pittsboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 1,230 
 500 
 1,061 
 - 
 500 
 1,061 
 1,561 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Charlotte, NC 

 -126- 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 650 
 500 
 561 
 - 
 500 
 561 
 1,061 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Greensboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 475 
 350 
 410 
 - 
 350 
 410 
 760 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Stanley, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 442 
 275 
 382 
 - 
 275 
 382 
 657 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Salisbury, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 553 
 250 
 477 
 - 
 250 
 477 
 727 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Stokesdale, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 517 
 600 
 446 
 - 
 600 
 446 
 1,046 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Sylva, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 275 
 150 
 237 
 - 
 150 
 237 
 387 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Lexington, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 781 
 140 
 674 
 - 
 140 
 674 
 814 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Walnut Cove, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 733 
 200 
 632 
 - 
 200 
 632 
 832 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Waynesville, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 878 
 550 
 757 
 - 
 550 
 757 
 1,307 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Concord, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 1,091 
 250 
 941 
 - 
 250 
 941 
 1,191 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Yadkinville, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 412 
 275 
 356 
 - 
 275 
 356 
 631 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Rural Hall, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 555 
 450 
 479 
 - 
 450 
 479 
 929 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Summerfield, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 1,302 
 260 
 1,255 
 - 
 260 
 1,255 
 1,515 
 4 
 2007 
 
 Greenville, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 938 
 36 
 904 
 - 
 36 
 904 
 940 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Fountain Inn, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 787 
 80 
 758 
 - 
 80 
 758 
 838 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Liberty, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 911 
 350 
 878 
 - 
 350 
 878 
 1,228 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Mauldin, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 847 
 160 
 816 
 - 
 160 
 816 
 976 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Greenville, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 641 
 360 
 618 
 - 
 360 
 618 
 978 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Greenville, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 1,237 
 800 
 1,192 
 - 
 800 
 1,192 
 1,992 
 4 
 2007 
 
 Greenville, SC 

 -127- 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 533 
 240 
 319 
 - 
 240 
 319 
 559 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Kingsport, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 391 
 370 
 234 
 - 
 370 
 234 
 604 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Morristown, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 1,732 
 1,110 
 1,036 
 - 
 1,110 
 1,036 
 2,146 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Brentwood, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 1,558 
 1,100 
 932 
 - 
 1,100 
 932 
 2,032 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Brentwood, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 1,719 
 1,450 
 1,028 
 - 
 1,450 
 1,028 
 2,478 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 585 
 675 
 350 
 - 
 675 
 350 
 1,025 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 669 
 250 
 400 
 - 
 250 
 400 
 650 
 1 
 2007 
 
 East Ridge, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 1,458 
 735 
 872 
 - 
 735 
 872 
 1,607 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 683 
 370 
 409 
 - 
 370 
 409 
 779 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Chattanooga, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 1,416 
 675 
 848 
 - 
 675 
 848 
 1,523 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Lebanon, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 1,053 
 425 
 630 
 - 
 425 
 630 
 1,055 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Chattanooga, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 821 
 185 
 491 
 - 
 185 
 491 
 676 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Chattanooga, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 641 
 410 
 383 
 - 
 410 
 383 
 793 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Loudon, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 1,122 
 1,400 
 671 
 - 
 1,400 
 671 
 2,071 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 658 
 150 
 394 
 - 
 150 
 394 
 544 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Soddy Daisy, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 1,212 
 660 
 725 
 - 
 660 
 725 
 1,385 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Oak Ridge, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 1,077 
 335 
 645 
 - 
 335 
 645 
 980 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Savannah, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 627 
 550 
 375 
 - 
 550 
 375 
 925 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Signal Mountain, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 991 
 870 
 593 
 - 
 870 
 593 
 1,463 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Smyrna, TN 

 -128- 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 887 
 1,000 
 530 
 - 
 1,000 
 530 
 1,530 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Murfreesboro, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 444 
 391 
 265 
 - 
 391 
 265 
 657 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Murfreesboro, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 281 
 180 
 168 
 - 
 180 
 168 
 348 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Johnson City, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 464 
 453 
 278 
 - 
 453 
 278 
 731 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Chattanooga, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 759 
 620 
 454 
 - 
 620 
 454 
 1,074 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 362 
 30 
 260 
 - 
 30 
 260 
 290 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Accomack, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 424 
 300 
 306 
 - 
 300 
 306 
 606 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Richmond, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 2,287 
 1,000 
 1,647 
 - 
 1,000 
 1,647 
 2,647 
 5 
 2007 
 
 Fairfax, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 1,406 
 1,000 
 1,012 
 - 
 1,000 
 1,012 
 2,012 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Fredericksburg, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 406 
 500 
 292 
 - 
 500 
 292 
 792 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Richmond, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 533 
 140 
 384 
 - 
 140 
 384 
 524 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Collinsville, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 480 
 150 
 346 
 - 
 150 
 346 
 496 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Doswell, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 1,372 
 380 
 988 
 - 
 380 
 988 
 1,368 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Lynchburg, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 2,058 
 2,200 
 1,482 
 - 
 2,200 
 1,482 
 3,682 
 5 
 2007 
 
 Stafford, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 1,586 
 760 
 1,142 
 - 
 760 
 1,142 
 1,902 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Gloucester, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 1,008 
 450 
 726 
 - 
 450 
 726 
 1,176 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Chesapeake, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 317 
 310 
 228 
 - 
 310 
 228 
 538 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Lexington, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 257 
 90 
 185 
 - 
 90 
 185 
 275 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Radford, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 760 
 530 
 547 
 - 
 530 
 547 
 1,077 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Williamsburg, VA 

 -129- 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 665 
 860 
 479 
 - 
 860 
 479 
 1,339 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Salem, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 1,885 
 1,170 
 1,357 
 - 
 1,170 
 1,357 
 2,527 
 4 
 2007 
 
 Roanoke, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 880 
 150 
 634 
 - 
 150 
 634 
 784 
 2 
 2007 
 
 New Market, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 1,387 
 200 
 999 
 - 
 200 
 999 
 1,199 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Onancock, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 244 
 120 
 176 
 - 
 120 
 176 
 296 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Painter, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 1,286 
 260 
 926 
 - 
 260 
 926 
 1,186 
 3 
 2007 
 
 Stuart, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 692 
 450 
 498 
 - 
 450 
 498 
 948 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Roanoke, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 337 
 399 
 243 
 - 
 399 
 243 
 642 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Vinton, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,537 
 1,533 
 893 
 - 
 1,533 
 893 
 2,427 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Miami, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,396 
 1,392 
 811 
 - 
 1,392 
 811 
 2,204 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Destin, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,466 
 1,463 
 852 
 - 
 1,463 
 852 
 2,315 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Dunedin, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,085 
 1,082 
 630 
 - 
 1,082 
 630 
 1,713 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Palm Harbor FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,679 
 1,675 
 976 
 - 
 1,675 
 976 
 2,651 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Tallahassee, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,224 
 1,221 
 711 
 - 
 1,221 
 711 
 1,933 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,432 
 1,429 
 832 
 - 
 1,429 
 832 
 2,262 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,130 
 1,127 
 656 
 - 
 1,127 
 656 
 1,784 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Melbourne, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,322 
 1,319 
 768 
 - 
 1,319 
 768 
 2,087 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Coral Springs, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,040 
 1,038 
 604 
 - 
 1,038 
 604 
 1,642 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Lakeland, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,224 
 1,221 
 711 
 - 
 1,221 
 711 
 1,933 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Palm Coast, FL 

 -130- 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,531 
 1,527 
 890 
 - 
 1,527 
 890 
 2,417 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Plant City, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,391 
 1,388 
 808 
 - 
 1,388 
 808 
 2,196 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,028 
 1,026 
 598 
 - 
 1,026 
 598 
 1,623 
 - 
 2007 
 
 South Daytona, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,199 
 1,196 
 697 
 - 
 1,196 
 697 
 1,893 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Fort Lauderdale, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 984 
 982 
 572 
 - 
 982 
 572 
 1,554 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Pensacola, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,243 
 1,240 
 722 
 - 
 1,240 
 722 
 1,963 
 - 
 2007 
 
 West Palm Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 817 
 815 
 475 
 - 
 815 
 475 
 1,290 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Lake Wells, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 340 
 339 
 198 
 - 
 339 
 198 
 537 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Dunnellon, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,182 
 1,180 
 687 
 - 
 1,180 
 687 
 1,867 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Kissimmee, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,133 
 1,131 
 659 
 - 
 1,131 
 659 
 1,789 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Port Orange, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,121 
 1,119 
 652 
 - 
 1,119 
 652 
 1,770 
 - 
 2007 
 
 North Port, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,098 
 1,095 
 638 
 - 
 1,095 
 638 
 1,733 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Hudson, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,032 
 1,030 
 600 
 - 
 1,030 
 600 
 1,630 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Port Orange, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 1,160 
 1,064 
 772 
 - 
 1,064 
 772 
 1,836 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 1,022 
 938 
 680 
 - 
 938 
 680 
 1,618 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Bowden, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 500 
 459 
 333 
 - 
 459 
 333 
 791 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Cedartown, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 1,276 
 1,171 
 849 
 - 
 1,171 
 849 
 2,020 
 - 
 2007 
 
 St. Simons Island, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 1,968 
 1,806 
 1,310 
 - 
 1,806 
 1,310 
 3,116 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Dunwoody, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 1,589 
 1,458 
 1,057 
 - 
 1,458 
 1,057 
 2,515 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Atlanta, GA 

 -131- 

 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 1,147 
 1,052 
 763 
 - 
 1,052 
 763 
 1,816 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Jessup, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 180 
 165 
 120 
 - 
 165 
 120 
 285 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Brunswick, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 1,439 
 1,320 
 958 
 - 
 1,320 
 958 
 2,278 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Roswell, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 1,579 
 1,449 
 1,051 
 - 
 1,449 
 1,051 
 2,500 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Norcross, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 689 
 632 
 459 
 - 
 632 
 459 
 1,091 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Augusta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II MARYLAND 
 2,924 
 1,747 
 2,890 
 - 
 1,747 
 2,890 
 4,637 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Annapolis, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST II MARYLAND 
 1,207 
 721 
 1,193 
 - 
 721 
 1,193 
 1,914 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Frederick, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST II MARYLAND 
 2,123 
 1,269 
 2,099 
 - 
 1,269 
 2,099 
 3,368 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Waldorf, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST II MARYLAND 
 1,610 
 962 
 1,591 
 - 
 962 
 1,591 
 2,553 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Ellicott City, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 940 
 453 
 1,038 
 - 
 453 
 1,038 
 1,491 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Belmont, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 625 
 301 
 690 
 - 
 301 
 690 
 991 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Carrboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 1,246 
 601 
 1,375 
 - 
 601 
 1,375 
 1,976 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Monroe, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 780 
 376 
 861 
 - 
 376 
 861 
 1,237 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Lexington, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 605 
 292 
 668 
 - 
 292 
 668 
 960 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Burlington, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 2,395 
 1,155 
 2,645 
 - 
 1,155 
 2,645 
 3,800 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Mocksville, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 1,299 
 627 
 1,434 
 - 
 627 
 1,434 
 2,061 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Durham, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 550 
 265 
 607 
 - 
 265 
 607 
 872 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Oakboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 862 
 416 
 951 
 - 
 416 
 951 
 1,367 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Concord, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 800 
 386 
 883 
 - 
 386 
 883 
 1,269 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Raleigh, NC 

 -132- 

 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 700 
 338 
 773 
 - 
 338 
 773 
 1,110 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Greensboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 220 
 106 
 243 
 - 
 106 
 243 
 349 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Pittsboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 348 
 168 
 385 
 - 
 168 
 385 
 553 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Yadkinville, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 700 
 338 
 773 
 - 
 338 
 773 
 1,110 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Matthews, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 468 
 226 
 517 
 - 
 226 
 517 
 742 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Burlington, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 379 
 183 
 419 
 - 
 183 
 419 
 602 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Zebulon, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II SOUTH CAROLINA 
 642 
 220 
 798 
 - 
 220 
 798 
 1,018 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Belton, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST II SOUTH CAROLINA 
 1,000 
 343 
 1,243 
 - 
 343 
 1,243 
 1,586 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Anderson, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST II SOUTH CAROLINA 
 910 
 312 
 1,132 
 - 
 312 
 1,132 
 1,444 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Travelers Rest, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 
 1,764 
 1,190 
 1,619 
 - 
 1,190 
 1,619 
 2,809 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 
 232 
 156 
 213 
 - 
 156 
 213 
 369 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Lavergne, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 
 750 
 506 
 689 
 - 
 506 
 689 
 1,195 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 
 533 
 360 
 489 
 - 
 360 
 489 
 849 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 
 922 
 622 
 847 
 - 
 622 
 847 
 1,469 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Chatanooga, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 
 870 
 587 
 798 
 - 
 587 
 798 
 1,385 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Madison, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 1,371 
 759 
 1,423 
 - 
 759 
 1,423 
 2,182 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Richmond, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 425 
 235 
 441 
 - 
 235 
 441 
 676 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Richmond, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 667 
 369 
 692 
 - 
 369 
 692 
 1,061 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Norfolk, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 437 
 242 
 454 
 - 
 242 
 454 
 695 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Lynchburg, VA 

 -133- 

 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 367 
 203 
 382 
 - 
 203 
 382 
 585 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Cheriton, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 1,107 
 613 
 1,149 
 - 
 613 
 1,149 
 1,762 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Rocky Mount, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 251 
 139 
 260 
 - 
 139 
 260 
 399 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Petersburg, VA 
 
 THE CENTER AT HUGH HOWELL 
 7,722 
 2,250 
 11,091 
 - 
 2,250 
 11,091 
 13,341 
 304 
 2007 
 
 Tucker, GA 
 
 THE HIGHLANDS 
 9,745 
 5,500 
 9,589 
 - 
 5,500 
 9,589 
 15,089 
 251 
 2007 
 
 Flower Mound, TX 
 
 THE MARKET AT HILLIARD 
 11,220 
 4,450 
 13,308 
 811 
 4,450 
 14,119 
 18,569 
 713 
 2006 
 
 Hilliard, OH 
 
 TOMBALL TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 1,950 
 14,233 
 856 
 1,950 
 15,089 
 17,039 
 1,010 
 2005 
 
 Tomball, TX 
 
 TRIANGLE CENTER 
 23,600 
 12,770 
 24,556 
 (31) 
 12,770 
 24,525 
 37,295 
 1,672 
 2005 
 
 Longview, WA 
 
 WALGREENS - SPRINGFIELD 
 - 
 855 
 2,530 
 - 
 855 
 2,530 
 3,385 
 185 
 2005 
 
 Springfield, MO 
 
 WASHINGTON PARK PLAZA 
 30,600 
 6,500 
 33,912 
 - 
 6,500 
 33,912 
 40,412 
 494 
 2007 
 
 Homewood, IL 
 
 WEST END SQUARE 
 - 
 675 
 2,784 
 13 
 675 
 2,797 
 3,472 
 185 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 WICKES - LAKE ZURICH 
 5,767 
 1,700 
 7,931 
 - 
 1,700 
 7,931 
 9,631 
 121 
 2007 
 
 Lake Zurich, IL 
 
 WILLIS TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 1,550 
 1,820 
 6 
 1,550 
 1,826 
 3,376 
 124 
 2005 
 
 Willis, TX 
 
 WINCHESTER TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 495 
 3,966 
 - 
 495 
 3,966 
 4,461 
 289 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 WINDERMERE VILLAGE 
 - 
 1,220 
 6,331 
 615 
 1,220 
 6,946 
 8,166 
 483 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 WOODFOREST SQUARE 
 - 
 300 
 2,136 
 666 
 300 
 2,803 
 3,103 
 192 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 Office 
 
 11500 MARKET STREET 
 - 
 140 
 346 
 - 
 140 
 346 
 486 
 27 
 2005 
 
 Jacinto City, TX 
 
 6234 RICHMOND AVENUE 
 - 
 500 
 970 
 901 
 500 
 1,871 
 2,371 
 105 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 AT&T - ST LOUIS 
 112,695 
 8,000 
 170,169 
 12 
 8,000 
 170,181 
 178,181 
 5,956 
 2006 

 -134- 

 St Louis, MO 
 
 AT&T CLEVELAND 
 29,242 
 870 
 40,033 
 - 
 870 
 40,033 
 40,903 
 1,067 
 2007 
 
 Cleveland, OH 
 
 BRIDGESIDE POINT OFFICE BLDG 
 17,325 
 1,525 
 28,609 
 - 
 1,525 
 28,609 
 30,134 
 2,086 
 2005 
 
 Pittsburg, PA 
 
 COMMONS DRIVE 
 3,663 
 1,600 
 5,746 
 1 
 1,600 
 5,747 
 7,347 
 246 
 2006 
 
 Aurora, IL 
 
 DENVER HIGHLANDS 
 10,500 
 1,700 
 11,839 
 - 
 1,700 
 11,839 
 13,539 
 398 
 2007 
 
 Highlands Ranch, CO 
 
 DULLES EXECUTIVE PLAZA 
 68,750 
 15,500 
 96,083 
 539 
 15,500 
 96,622 
 112,122 
 4,792 
 2006 
 
 Herndon, VA 
 
 HOUSTON LAKES 
 8,988 
 3,000 
 12,950 
 16 
 3,000 
 12,966 
 15,966 
 475 
 2006 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 IDS CENTER 
 159,187 
 24,900 
 202,016 
 1,173 
 24,900 
 203,189 
 228,089 
 9,596 
 2006 
 
 Minneapolis, MN 
 
 KINROSS LAKES 
 10,563 
 825 
 14,639 
 - 
 825 
 14,639 
 15,464 
 512 
 2007 
 
 Richfield, OH 
 
 LAKE VIEW TECHNOLOGY CENTER 
 14,470 
 884 
 22,072 
 - 
 884 
 22,072 
 22,956 
 1,609 
 2005 
 
 Suffolk, VA 
 
 REGIONAL ROAD 
 8,679 
 950 
 10,501 
 - 
 950 
 10,501 
 11,451 
 449 
 2006 
 
 Greensboro, NC 
 
 SANTEE - CIVIC CENTER 
 12,023 
 - 
 17,838 
 18 
 - 
 17,856 
 17,856 
 677 
 2006 
 
 Santee, CA 
 
 SBC CENTER 
 200,472 
 35,800 
 287,424 
 87 
 35,800 
 287,511 
 323,311 
 21,795 
 2005 
 
 Hoffman Estates, IL 
 
 SUNTRUST OFFICE I FL 
 5,951 
 5,700 
 2,417 
 - 
 5,700 
 2,417 
 8,117 
 7 
 2007 
 
 Bal Harbour, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST OFFICE I FL 
 895 
 315 
 363 
 - 
 315 
 363 
 678 
 1 
 2007 
 
 Bushnell, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST OFFICE I FL 
 1,631 
 1,260 
 662 
 - 
 1,260 
 662 
 1,922 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Melbourne, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST OFFICE I GA 
 748 
 275 
 675 
 - 
 275 
 675 
 950 
 2 
 2007 
 
 Douglas, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST OFFICE I MD 
 4,147 
 650 
 4,617 
 - 
 650 
 4,617 
 5,267 
 14 
 2007 
 
 Bethesda, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST OFFICE I NC 
 1,486 
 400 
 1,471 
 - 
 400 
 1,471 
 1,871 
 4 
 2007 
 
 Winston-Salem, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST OFFICE I NC 
 1,718 
 500 
 1,700 
 - 
 500 
 1,700 
 2,200 
 5 
 2007 

 -135- 

 Raleigh, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST OFFICE I VA 
 5,987 
 1,360 
 6,272 
 - 
 1,360 
 6,272 
 7,632 
 4 
 2007 
 
 Richmond, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST II OFFICE GEORGIA 
 4,402 
 2,625 
 4,355 
 - 
 2,625 
 4,355 
 6,980 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 WASHINGTON MUTUAL - ARLINGTON 
 20,115 
 4,870 
 30,915 
 3 
 4,870 
 30,918 
 35,788 
 1,322 
 2006 
 
 Arlington, TX 
 
 WORLDGATE PLAZA 
 59,950 
 14,000 
 79,048 
 - 
 14,000 
 79,048 
 93,048 
 1,613 
 2007 
 
 Herndon, VA 
 
 Apartment 
 
 ENCINO CANYON APARTMENTS 
 12,000 
 1,700 
 16,443 
 - 
 1,700 
 16,443 
 18,143 
 212 
 2007 
 
 San Antonio,TX 
 
 FIELDS APARTMENT HOMES 
 18,700 
 1,850 
 29,783 
 - 
 1,850 
 29,783 
 31,633 
 917 
 2007 
 
 Bloomington, IN 
 
 IA COMMUNITIES BALANCE 
 - 
 4,250 
 27,478 
 - 
 4,250 
 27,478 
 31,728 
 271 
 2007 
 
 Birmingham,AL 
 
 LANDINGS AT CLEARLAKE 
 - 
 3,770 
 27,843 
 - 
 3,770 
 27,843 
 31,613 
 795 
 2007 
 
 Webster,TX 
 
 SEVEN PALMS APARTMENTS 
 18,750 
 3,550 
 24,348 
 - 
 3,550 
 24,348 
 27,898 
 312 
 2007 
 
 Webster,TX 
 
 SOUTHGATE APARTMENTS 
 10,725 
 1,730 
 16,356 
 - 
 1,730 
 16,356 
 18,086 
 1,127 
 2006 
 
 Louisville,KY 
 
 VILLAGES AT KITTY HAWK 
 11,550 
 2,070 
 17,397 
 - 
 2,070 
 17,397 
 19,467 
 395 
 2007 
 
 Universal City,TX 
 
 WATERFORD PLACE AT SHADOW CREE 
 16,500 
 2,980 
 24,573 
 - 
 2,980 
 24,573 
 27,553 
 763 
 2007 
 
 Pearland,TX 
 
 Industrial 
 
 11500 MELROSE AVE -294 TOLLWAY 
 4,561 
 2,500 
 5,071 
 - 
 2,500 
 5,071 
 7,571 
 77 
 2007 
 
 Franklin Park, IL 
 
 1800 BRUNING 
 10,156 
 10,000 
 7,971 
 32 
 10,000 
 8,002 
 18,002 
 317 
 2006 
 
 Itasca, IL 
 
 500 HARTLAND 
 5,860 
 1,200 
 7,459 
 - 
 1,200 
 7,459 
 8,659 
 319 
 2006 
 
 Hartland, WI 
 
 55th STREET 
 7,351 
 1,600 
 11,115 
 - 
 1,600 
 11,115 
 12,715 
 475 
 2006 
 
 Kenosha, WI 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #10 
 2,042 
 600 
 2,861 
 - 
 600 
 2,861 
 3,461 
 75 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 

 -136- 

 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #11 
 1,539 
 400 
 2,120 
 - 
 400 
 2,120 
 2,520 
 56 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #15 
 1,203 
 200 
 1,651 
 - 
 200 
 1,651 
 1,851 
 45 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #16 
 2,714 
 600 
 3,750 
 - 
 600 
 3,750 
 4,350 
 99 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #18 
 1,007 
 200 
 1,317 
 - 
 200 
 1,317 
 1,517 
 36 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #19 
 2,546 
 600 
 3,866 
 - 
 600 
 3,866 
 4,466 
 101 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #2 
 1,734 
 400 
 2,282 
 - 
 400 
 2,282 
 2,682 
 60 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #4 
 1,287 
 300 
 1,662 
 - 
 300 
 1,662 
 1,962 
 44 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #7 
 699 
 200 
 832 
 - 
 200 
 832 
 1,032 
 23 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #8 
 448 
 100 
 630 
 - 
 100 
 630 
 730 
 17 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #9 
 811 
 200 
 948 
 - 
 200 
 948 
 1,148 
 26 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 ANHEUSER BUSCH (PERSIS) 
 - 
 2,200 
 13,598 
 - 
 2,200 
 13,598 
 15,798 
 159 
 2007 
 
 Devens, MA 
 
 ATLAS - BELVIDERE 
 - 
 1,600 
 15,521 
 - 
 1,600 
 15,521 
 17,121 
 136 
 2007 
 
 Belvidere, IL 
 
 ATLAS - CARTERSVILLE 
 - 
 900 
 13,112 
 - 
 900 
 13,112 
 14,012 
 115 
 2007 
 
 Cartersville, GA 
 
 ATLAS - DOUGLAS 
 - 
 75 
 6,681 
 - 
 75 
 6,681 
 6,756 
 58 
 2007 
 
 Douglas, GA 
 
 ATLAS - GAFFNEY 
 - 
 950 
 5,114 
 - 
 950 
 5,114 
 6,064 
 45 
 2007 
 
 Gaffney, SC 
 
 ATLAS - GAINESVILLE 
 - 
 550 
 12,783 
 - 
 550 
 12,783 
 13,333 
 112 
 2007 
 
 Gainesville, GA 
 
 ATLAS - PENDERGRASS 
 - 
 1,250 
 24,259 
 - 
 1,250 
 24,259 
 25,509 
 212 
 2007 
 
 Pendergrass, GA 
 
 ATLAS - PIEDMONT 
 - 
 400 
 23,113 
 - 
 400 
 23,113 
 23,513 
 202 
 2007 
 
 Piedmont, SC 
 
 ATLAS - ST PAUL 
 - 
 3,890 
 10,093 
 - 
 3,890 
 10,093 
 13,983 
 88 
 2007 
 
 St. Paul, MN 

 -137- 

 ATLAS-BROOKLYN PARK 
 - 
 2,640 
 8,934 
 - 
 2,640 
 8,934 
 11,574 
 78 
 2007 
 
 Brooklyn Park, MN 
 
 ATLAS-NEW ULM 
 - 
 900 
 9,359 
 - 
 900 
 9,359 
 10,259 
 82 
 2007 
 
 New Ulm, MN 
 
 ATLAS-ZUMBROA 
 - 
 1,300 
 16,437 
 - 
 1,300 
 16,437 
 17,737 
 144 
 2007 
 
 Zumbrota, MN 
 
 BAYMEADOW - GLEN BURNIE 
 13,824 
 1,225 
 23,407 
 24 
 1,225 
 23,431 
 24,656 
 888 
 2006 
 
 Glen Burnie, MD 
 
 C&S - ABERDEEN 
 22,720 
 4,650 
 33,276 
 13 
 4,650 
 33,289 
 37,939 
 1,165 
 2006 
 
 Aberdeen, MD 
 
 C&S - NORTH HATFIELD 
 20,280 
 4,800 
 30,103 
 14 
 4,800 
 30,117 
 34,917 
 1,054 
 2006 
 
 Hatfield, MA 
 
 C&S - SOUTH HATFIELD 
 10,000 
 2,500 
 15,251 
 11 
 2,500 
 15,262 
 17,762 
 534 
 2006 
 
 Hatfield, MA 
 
 C&S - WESTFIELD 
 29,500 
 3,850 
 45,906 
 13 
 3,850 
 45,919 
 49,769 
 1,607 
 2006 
 
 Westfield, MA 
 
 CLARION 
 3,172 
 87 
 4,790 
 63 
 87 
 4,853 
 4,940 
 183 
 2006 
 
 Clarion, IA 
 
 COLOMA 
 10,017 
 410 
 17,110 
 - 
 410 
 17,110 
 17,520 
 199 
 2007 
 
 Coloma, MI 
 
 DEER PARK SEACO 
 2,965 
 240 
 5,271 
 - 
 240 
 5,271 
 5,511 
 225 
 2006 
 
 Deer Park, TX 
 
 DELP DISTRIBUTION CENTER #2 
 1,623 
 280 
 2,282 
 - 
 280 
 2,282 
 2,562 
 81 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 DELP DISTRIBUTION CENTER #5 
 1,623 
 390 
 2,050 
 - 
 390 
 2,050 
 2,440 
 54 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 DELP DISTRIBUTION CENTER #8 
 1,399 
 760 
 1,388 
 - 
 760 
 1,388 
 2,148 
 38 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 DORAL - WAUKESHA 
 1,364 
 240 
 2,013 
 - 
 240 
 2,013 
 2,253 
 86 
 2006 
 
 Waukesha, WI 
 
 FAULKNER ROAD 
 25,636 
 950 
 42,334 
 - 
 950 
 42,334 
 43,284 
 1,552 
 2007 
 
 North Little Rock,AR 
 
 INDUSTRIAL DRIVE 
 3,709 
 200 
 6,812 
 - 
 200 
 6,812 
 7,012 
 278 
 2006 
 
 Horican, WI 
 
 KINSTON 
 8,930 
 460 
 14,837 
 - 
 460 
 14,837 
 15,297 
 303 
 2007 
 
 Kinston, NC 
 
 KIRK ROAD 
 7,863 
 2,200 
 11,413 
 42 
 2,200 
 11,455 
 13,655 
 489 
 2006 
 
 St. Charles, IL 

 -138- 

 LIBERTYVILLE ASSOCIATES 
 14,807 
 3,600 
 20,563 
 - 
 3,600 
 20,563 
 24,163 
 660 
 2007 
 
 Libertyville, IL 
 
 McKESSON DISTRIBUTION CENTER 
 5,760 
 345 
 8,952 
 - 
 345 
 8,952 
 9,297 
 711 
 2005 
 
 Conroe, TX 
 
 MOUNT ZION ROAD 
 25,850 
 2,570 
 41,667 
 - 
 2,570 
 41,667 
 44,237 
 1,337 
 2007 
 
 Lebanon, IN 
 
 OTTAWA 
 1,856 
 200 
 2,905 
 - 
 200 
 2,905 
 3,105 
 106 
 2007 
 
 Ottawa, IL 
 
 SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 
 11,000 
 2,150 
 14,720 
 - 
 2,150 
 14,720 
 16,870 
 429 
 2007 
 
 Loves Park, IL 
 
 SOUTHWIDE INDUSTRIAL CENTER #5 
 392 
 122 
 425 
 - 
 122 
 425 
 547 
 12 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 SOUTHWIDE INDUSTRIAL CENTER #6 
 1,007 
 248 
 1,361 
 - 
 248 
 1,361 
 1,609 
 37 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 SOUTHWIDE INDUSTRIAL CENTER #7 
 2,014 
 483 
 2,792 
 - 
 483 
 2,792 
 3,275 
 77 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 SOUTHWIDE INDUSTRIAL CENTER #8 
 196 
 42 
 286 
 - 
 42 
 286 
 328 
 8 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 STONE FORT DISTRIB CENTER #1 
 6,770 
 1,910 
 9,264 
 - 
 1,910 
 9,264 
 11,174 
 254 
 2007 
 
 Chattanooga, TN 
 
 STONE FORT DISTRIB CENTER #4 
 1,399 
 490 
 1,782 
 - 
 490 
 1,782 
 2,272 
 49 
 2007 
 
 Chattanooga, TN 
 
 THERMO PROCESS SYSTEMS 
 8,201 
 1,202 
 11,995 
 - 
 1,202 
 11,995 
 13,197 
 843 
 2006 
 
 Sugar Land, TX 
 
 TRI-STATE HOLDINGS I 
 4,895 
 4,700 
 3,973 
 - 
 4,700 
 3,973 
 8,673 
 133 
 2007 
 
 Wood Dale, IL 
 
 TRI-STATE HOLDINGS II 
 6,687 
 1,630 
 11,252 
 - 
 1,630 
 11,252 
 12,882 
 361 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 TRI-STATE HOLDINGS III 
 4,549 
 650 
 8,083 
 - 
 650 
 8,083 
 8,733 
 259 
 2007 
 
 Mosinee, WI 
 
 UNION VENTURE 
 37,445 
 4,600 
 54,292 
 - 
 4,600 
 54,292 
 58,892 
 317 
 2007 
 
 West Chester, OH 
 
 UPS E-LOGISTICS (PERSIS) 
 - 
 950 
 18,453 
 - 
 950 
 18,453 
 19,403 
 215 
 2007 
 
 Elizabethtown, KY 
 
 WESTPORT - MECHANICSBURG 
 4,029 
 1,300 
 6,185 
 - 
 1,300 
 6,185 
 7,485 
 253 
 2006 
 
 Mechanicsburg, PA 
 
 Hotel 
 
 COMFORT INN - RIVERVIEW 
 - 
 2,220 
 7,421 
 83 
 2,220 
 7,505 
 9,725 
 150 
 2007 

 -139- 

 Charleston, SC 
 
 COMFORT INN - UNIVERSITY 
 - 
 2,137 
 6,652 
 85 
 2,137 
 6,738 
 8,875 
 140 
 2007 
 
 Durham, NC 
 
 COMFORT INN - CROSS CREEK 
 - 
 571 
 8,789 
 25 
 571 
 8,815 
 9,386 
 265 
 2007 
 
 Fayetteville, NC 
 
 COMFORT INN - ORLANDO 
 - 
 722 
 5,278 
 66 
 722 
 5,344 
 6,066 
 162 
 2007 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT QUORUM 
 18,860 
 4,000 
 26,141 
 - 
 4,000 
 26,141 
 30,141 
 300 
 2007 
 
 Addison, TX 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 
 12,225 
 4,989 
 18,988 
 365 
 4,989 
 19,353 
 24,342 
 480 
 2007 
 
 Ann Arbor, MI 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT DUNN LORING-FAIRFAX 
 30,810 
 12,100 
 40,242 
 5 
 12,100 
 40,248 
 52,348 
 552 
 2007 
 
 Vienna, VA 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - WEST LANDS END 
 7,550 
 1,500 
 13,416 
 - 
 1,500 
 13,416 
 14,916 
 172 
 2007 
 
 Fort Worth, TX 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 
 6,790 
 1,600 
 13,247 
 11 
 1,600 
 13,258 
 14,858 
 157 
 2007 
 
 Harlingen, TX 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - NORTHWEST 
 7,263 
 1,428 
 15,085 
 364 
 1,428 
 15,449 
 16,877 
 342 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - WESTCHASE 
 16,680 
 4,400 
 22,626 
 - 
 4,400 
 22,626 
 27,026 
 268 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT WEST UNIVERSITY 
 10,980 
 2,200 
 16,408 
 - 
 2,200 
 16,408 
 18,608 
 203 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - COUNTRY CLUB PLAZA 
 10,621 
 3,426 
 16,349 
 37 
 3,426 
 16,385 
 19,811 
 469 
 2007 
 
 Kansas City, MO 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 
 10,320 
 3,200 
 19,009 
 - 
 3,200 
 19,009 
 22,209 
 236 
 2007 
 
 Lebanon, NJ 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 
 - 
 5,272 
 12,778 
 402 
 5,272 
 13,180 
 18,451 
 372 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - ROANOKE AIRPORT 
 14,651 
 3,311 
 22,242 
 24 
 3,311 
 22,266 
 25,577 
 464 
 2007 
 
 Roanoke, VA 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT SEATTLE - FEDERAL WAY 
 22,830 
 7,700 
 27,167 
 - 
 7,700 
 27,167 
 34,867 
 308 
 2007 

 -140- 

 Federal Way, WA 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT CHICAGO- ST.CHARLES 
 - 
 1,685 
 9,355 
 635 
 1,685 
 9,990 
 11,675 
 224 
 2007 
 
 St. Charles, IL 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - WILLIAM CENTER 
 16,030 
 4,000 
 20,942 
 5 
 4,000 
 20,946 
 24,946 
 233 
 2007 
 
 Tucson, AZ 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 
 - 
 2,397 
 18,560 
 147 
 2,397 
 18,708 
 21,105 
 433 
 2007 
 
 Wilmington, NC 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - RICHMOND 
 - 
 2,173 
 17,068 
 - 
 2,173 
 17,068 
 19,241 
 76 
 2007 
 
 Richmond, VA 
 
 FAIRFIELD INN 
 - 
 1,981 
 6,353 
 230 
 1,981 
 6,583 
 8,564 
 195 
 2007 
 
 Ann Arbor, MI 
 
 HAMPTON INN ATLANTA - PERIMETER CENTER 
 8,450 
 2,768 
 14,072 
 258 
 2,768 
 14,330 
 17,098 
 278 
 2007 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 HAMPTON INN BALTIMORE-INNER HARBOR 
 14,000 
 1,700 
 21,067 
 32 
 1,700 
 21,099 
 22,799 
 432 
 2007 
 
 Baltimore, MD 
 
 HAMPTON INN RALEIGH-CARY 
 - 
 2,268 
 10,503 
 267 
 2,268 
 10,771 
 13,039 
 210 
 2007 
 
 Cary, NC 
 
 HAMPTON INN UNIVERSITY PLACE 
 - 
 3,509 
 11,335 
 184 
 3,509 
 11,519 
 15,028 
 222 
 2007 
 
 Charlotte, NC 
 
 HAMPTON INN SUITES DULUTH- GWINNETT 
 9,585 
 488 
 12,991 
 163 
 488 
 13,154 
 13,641 
 253 
 2007 
 
 Duluth, GA 
 
 HAMPTON INN 
 - 
 1,228 
 7,049 
 49 
 1,228 
 7,098 
 8,326 
 142 
 2007 
 
 Durham, NC 
 
 HAMPTON INN WHITE PLAINS- TARRYTOWN 
 15,643 
 3,200 
 26,160 
 146 
 3,200 
 26,306 
 29,506 
 513 
 2007 
 
 Elmsford, NY 
 
 HAMPTON INN 
 - 
 2,753 
 3,782 
 230 
 2,753 
 4,012 
 6,765 
 86 
 2007 
 
 Jacksonville, NC 
 
 HAMPTON INN CRABTREE VALLEY 
 - 
 1,168 
 6,415 
 385 
 1,168 
 6,800 
 7,968 
 146 
 2007 
 
 Raleigh, NC 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN TAMPA YBOR 
 9,460 
 2,400 
 16,159 
 - 
 2,400 
 16,159 
 18,559 
 183 
 2007 
 
 Tampa, FL 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN - AKRON 
 - 
 900 
 11,556 
 13 
 900 
 11,569 
 12,469 
 365 
 2007 
 
 Akron, OH 

 -141- 

 HILTON GARDEN INN ALBANY AIRPORT 
 7,776 
 1,645 
 20,263 
 526 
 1,645 
 20,789 
 22,434 
 416 
 2007 
 
 Albany, NY 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN ATLANTA WINWARD 
 10,503 
 1,030 
 18,206 
 605 
 1,030 
 18,811 
 19,841 
 370 
 2007 
 
 Alpharetta, GA 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN 
 19,928 
 2,920 
 27,995 
 701 
 2,920 
 28,696 
 31,616 
 558 
 2007 
 
 Evanston, IL 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN RALEIGH - DURHAM 
 - 
 2,754 
 26,050 
 673 
 2,754 
 26,723 
 29,476 
 526 
 2007 
 
 Raleigh, NC 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN 
 21,680 
 8,900 
 25,156 
 - 
 8,900 
 25,156 
 34,056 
 282 
 2007 
 
 Westbury, NY 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN 
 - 
 6,354 
 10,328 
 95 
 6,354 
 10,424 
 16,778 
 345 
 2007 
 
 Wilmington, NC 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN HARTFORD NORTH 
 10,384 
 5,606 
 13,892 
 463 
 5,606 
 14,355 
 19,961 
 292 
 2007 
 
 Windsor, CT 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN - CHELSEY 
 - 
 15,301 
 40,599 
 2 
 15,301 
 40,601 
 55,902 
 473 
 2007 
 
 Chelsey, NY 
 
 HILTON - UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA 
 - 
 - 
 50,407 
 - 
 - 
 50,407 
 50,407 
 746 
 2007 
 
 Gainesville, FL 
 
 HOLIDAY INN EXPRESS - CLEARWATER GATEWAY 
 - 
 2,283 
 6,202 
 1,300 
 2,283 
 7,501 
 9,784 
 179 
 2007 
 
 Clearwater, FL 
 
 HOLIDAY INN HARMON MEADOW SECAUCUS 
 - 
 - 
 23,291 
 64 
 - 
 23,356 
 23,356 
 502 
 2007 
 
 Secaucus, NJ 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES 
 10,160 
 2,400 
 18,071 
 - 
 2,400 
 18,071 
 20,471 
 209 
 2007 
 
 Albuquerque, NM 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES 
 12,930 
 4,300 
 15,629 
 - 
 4,300 
 15,629 
 19,929 
 178 
 2007 
 
 Baton Rouge, LA 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES 
 12,747 
 1,478 
 19,404 
 486 
 1,478 
 19,890 
 21,368 
 390 
 2007 
 
 Cary, NC 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES HOUSTON - CLEARLAKE 
 7,222 
 1,235 
 12,655 
 7 
 1,235 
 12,663 
 13,898 
 244 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES 
 7,950 
 2,403 
 10,441 
 559 
 2,403 
 11,000 
 13,402 
 223 
 2007 
 
 Durham, NC 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES 
 9,900 
 721 
 9,592 
 532 
 721 
 10,124 
 10,845 
 198 
 2007 

 -142- 

 Lake Mary, FL 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES METRO CENTER 
 6,330 
 2,684 
 9,740 
 123 
 2,684 
 9,863 
 12,547 
 198 
 2007 
 
 Phoenix, AZ 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES 
 - 
 3,203 
 21,300 
 138 
 3,203 
 21,438 
 24,640 
 593 
 2007 
 
 Princeton, NJ 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES CRABTREE VALLEY 
 12,869 
 2,194 
 21,292 
 783 
 2,194 
 22,075 
 24,269 
 436 
 2007 
 
 Raleigh, NC 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES CLEVELAND SOLON 
 5,490 
 1,900 
 10,757 
 - 
 1,900 
 10,757 
 12,657 
 129 
 2007 
 
 Solon, OH 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES COLORADO SPRINGS NORTH 
 7,830 
 2,900 
 14,011 
 - 
 2,900 
 14,011 
 16,911 
 167 
 2007 
 
 Colorado Springs, CO 
 
 MARRIOTT - WOODLANDS WATERWAY 
 75,400 
 7,500 
 112,186 
 - 
 7,500 
 112,186 
 119,686 
 387 
 2007 
 
 Woodlands, TX 
 
 QUALITY SUITES 
 10,350 
 1,331 
 13,709 
 482 
 1,331 
 14,191 
 15,522 
 294 
 2007 
 
 Charleston, SC 
 
 RESIDENCE INN 
 6,900 
 1,700 
 12,629 
 - 
 1,700 
 12,629 
 14,329 
 149 
 2007 
 
 Brownsville, TX 
 
 RESIDENCE INN SOUTH BRUNSWICK- CRANBURY 
 10,000 
 5,100 
 15,368 
 - 
 5,100 
 15,368 
 20,468 
 181 
 2007 
 
 Cranbury, NJ 
 
 RESIDENCE INN CYPRESS - LOS ALAMITOS 
 20,650 
 9,200 
 25,079 
 - 
 9,200 
 25,079 
 34,279 
 292 
 2007 
 
 Cypress, CA 
 
 RESIDENCE INN DFW AIRPORT NORTH 
 9,560 
 2,800 
 14,782 
 - 
 2,800 
 14,782 
 17,582 
 175 
 2007 
 
 Dallas-Fort Worth, TX 
 
 RESIDENCE INN PARK CENTRAL 
 8,970 
 2,600 
 17,322 
 - 
 2,600 
 17,322 
 19,922 
 208 
 2007 
 
 Dallas , TX 
 
 RESIDENCE INN SOMERSET-FRANKLIN 
 9,890 
 3,100 
 14,322 
 9 
 3,100 
 14,330 
 17,430 
 169 
 2007 
 
 Franklin , NJ 
 
 RESIDENCE INN 
 10,810 
 5,300 
 14,632 
 - 
 5,300 
 14,632 
 19,932 
 165 
 2007 
 
 Hauppauge, NY 
 
 RESIDENCE INN WESTCHASE 
 12,550 
 4,300 
 16,969 
 7 
 4,300 
 16,976 
 21,276 
 203 
 2007 
 
 Westchase, TX 
 
 RESIDENCE INN WEST UNIVERSITY 
 13,100 
 3,800 
 18,834 
 - 
 3,800 
 18,834 
 22,634 
 232 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 RESIDENCE INN NASHVILLE AIRPORT 
 12,120 
 3,500 
 14,147 
 - 
 3,500 
 14,147 
 17,647 
 169 
 2007 

 -143- 

 Nashville, TN 
 
 RESIDENCE INN 
 - 
 1,688 
 10,812 
 651 
 1,688 
 11,463 
 13,151 
 358 
 2007 
 
 Phoenix, AZ 
 
 RESIDENCE INN ROANOKE AIRPORT 
 5,593 
 500 
 9,499 
 - 
 500 
 9,499 
 9,999 
 136 
 2007 
 
 Roanoke, VA 
 
 RESIDENCE INN WILLIAMS CENTRE 
 12,770 
 3,700 
 17,601 
 - 
 3,700 
 17,601 
 21,301 
 217 
 2007 
 
 Tucson, AZ 
 
 SPRINGHILL SUITES 
 9,130 
 3,200 
 14,833 
 12 
 3,200 
 14,845 
 18,045 
 175 
 2007 
 
 Danbury, CT 
 
 TOWNEPLACE SUITES NORTHWEST 
 - 
 5,332 
 8,301 
 71 
 5,332 
 8,373 
 13,705 
 229 
 2007 
 
 Austin, TX 
 
 TOWNEPLACE SUITES BIRMINGHAM-HOMEWOOD 
 - 
 2,220 
 7,307 
 47 
 2,220 
 7,354 
 9,573 
 209 
 2007 
 
 Birmingham, AL 
 
 TOWNEPLACE SUITES NORTHWEST 
 - 
 2,065 
 5,223 
 45 
 2,065 
 5,267 
 7,332 
 155 
 2007 
 
 College Station, TX 
 
 TOWNEPLACE SUITES NORTHWEST - CLEARLAKES 
 - 
 2,267 
 9,037 
 57 
 2,267 
 9,094 
 11,362 
 224 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 TOWNEPLACE SUITES NORTHWEST 
 - 
 1,607 
 11,644 
 72 
 1,607 
 11,717 
 13,324 
 271 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 RALEIGH HILLSBOROUGH 
 - 
 2,605 
 - 
 - 
 2,605 
 - 
 2,605 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Raleigh, NC 

 TOTAL: 
 2,901,608 
 1,162,281 
 4,969,905 
 34,904 
 1,162,281 
 5,004,809 
 6,167,090 
 160,046 

 -144- 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Schedule III (continued) 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 
 December 31, 2007 
 
 Notes: 
 
 (A) 
 The initial cost to the Company represents the original purchase price of the property, including amounts incurred subsequent to acquisition which were contemplated at the time the property was acquired. 
 
 (B) 
 The aggregate cost of real estate owned at December 31, 2007 for Federal income tax purposes was approximately $6,382,000,000 (unaudited). 
 
 (C) 
 Cost capitalized subsequent to acquisition includes payments under master lease agreements as well as additional tangible costs associated with investment properties, including any earnout of tenant space. 
 
 (D) 
 Reconciliation of real estate owned: 

 2007 
 2006 
 2005 

 Balance at December 31, 2006 
 $ 
 2,245,907 
 710,506 
 - 
 
 Purchases of investment properties 
 4,089,650 
 1,698,654 
 753,990 
 
 Payments received under master leases 
 (576) 
 (245) 
 (6) 
 
 Acquired in-place lease intangibles 
 (183,419) 
 (173,262) 
 (46,319) 
 
 Acquired above market lease intangibles 
 (6,686) 
 (8,664) 
 (252) 
 
 Acquired below market lease intangibles 
 22,214 
 18,918 
 3,093 

 Balance at December 31, 
 $ 
 6,167,090 
 2,245,907 
 710,506 

 (E) 
 Reconciliation of accumulated depreciation: 

 Balance at January 1, 
 $ 
 38,983 
 2,751 
 - 
 
 Depreciation expense 
 121,063 
 36,232 
 2,751 

 Balance at December 31, 
 $ 
 160,046 
 38,983 
 2,751 

 (F) 
 Depreciation is computed based upon the following estimated lives: 

 Buildings and improvements 
 5-30 years 
 
 Tenant improvements 
 Life of the lease 
 
 Furniture, fixtures & equipment 
 5-10 years 

 -145- 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 Not applicable 
 
 Item 9A(T). Controls and Procedures 
 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) and Rule 15d-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;), our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer evaluated as of December 31, 2007, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e). Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as of December 31, 2007, were effective for the purpose of ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in this report is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the rules and forms of the Exchange Act and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and our principal financial officer as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated as of December 31, 2007, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on its evaluation, our management has concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007. 
 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of the company's independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the company's independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management's report in this annual report. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2007 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this Item will be presented in our definitive proxy statement for our 2008 annual meeting of stockholders which we anticipate filing with the SEC no later than April 29, 2008, and is incorporated by reference into this Item 10. 
 
 We have adopted a code of ethics, which is available on our website free of charge at http://www.inlandamerican.com. We will provide the code of ethics free of charge upon request to our customer relations group. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item will be presented in our definitive proxy statement for our 2008 annual meeting of stockholders which we anticipate filing with the SEC no later than April 29, 2008, and is incorporated by reference into this Item 11. 

 -146- 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this Item will be presented in our definitive proxy statement for our 2008 annual meeting of stockholders which we anticipate filing with the SEC no later than April 29, 2008, and is incorporated by reference into this Item 12. 

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item will be presented in our definitive proxy statement for our 2008 annual meeting of stockholders which we anticipate filing with the SEC no later than April 29, 2008, and is incorporated by reference into this Item 13. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this Item will be presented in our definitive proxy statement for our 2008 annual meeting of stockholders which we anticipate filing with the SEC no later than April 29, 2008, and is incorporated by reference into this Item 14. 
 
 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The representations, warranties and covenants made by us in any agreement filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement, including, in some cases, for the purpose of allocating risk among the parties to the agreement, and should not be deemed to be representations, warranties or covenants to, or with, you. Moreover, these representations, warranties and covenants should not be relied upon as accurately describing or reflecting the current state of our affairs. 
 
 (a) 
 List of documents filed: 
 
 (1) 
 Financial Statements: 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The consolidated financial statements of the Company are set forth in the report in Item 8. 
 
 (2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 
 
 Financial statement schedule for the year ended December 31, 2007 is submitted herewith. 

 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Schedule III) 

 (3) 
 Exhibits: 
 
 The list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report is set forth on the Exhibit Index attached hereto. 
 
 (b) Exhibits: 
 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 All schedules other than those indicated in the index have been omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 

 -147- 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 

 /s/ Brenda G. Gujral 
 
 By: 
 Brenda G. Gujral 
 
 President and Director 
 
 Date: 
 March 31, 2008 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature 
 Title 
 Date 

 By: /s/ Robert D. Parks 
 Name: Robert D. Parks 
 
 Director and chairman of the board 
 March 31, 2008 
 
 By: /s/ Brenda G. Gujral 
 Name: Brenda G. Gujral 
 
 Director and president (principal executive officer) 
 March 31, 2008 
 
 By: /s/ Lori J. Foust 
 Name: Lori J. Foust 
 Treasurer (principal financial officer) 
 March 31, 2008 
 
 By: /s/ Jack Potts 
 Name: Jack Potts 
 
 Principal accounting officer 
 March 31, 2008 
 
 By: /s/ J. Michael Borden 
 Name: J. Michael Borden 
 
 Director 
 March 31, 2008 
 
 By: /s/ David Mahon 
 Name: David Mahon 
 
 Director 
 March 31, 2008 
 
 By: /s/ Thomas F. Meagher 
 Name: Thomas F. Meagher 
 
 Director 
 March 31, 2008 
 
 By: /s/ Paula Saban 
 Name: Paula Saban 
 
 Director 
 March 31, 2008 
 
 By: /s/ William J. Wierzbicki 
 Name: William J. Wierzbicki 
 
 Director 
 March 31, 2008 
 
 By: /s/ Thomas F. Glavin 
 Name: Thomas F. Glavin 
 
 Director 
 March 31, 2008 

 -148- 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 

 EXHIBIT NO. 
 DESCRIPTION 

 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 2, 2007, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., Winston Hotels, Inc., Winn Limited Partnership and Inland American Acquisition (Winston), LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 6, 2007) 

 2.2 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 25, 2007, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., Apple Hospitality Five, Inc. and Inland American Orchard Hotels, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 27, 2007) 

 2.3 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 12, 2007, by and among Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., RLJ Urban Lodging Master, LLC, RLJ Urban Lodging REIT, LLC and RLJ Urban Lodging REIT (PF#1), LLC, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated January 25, 2008, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 25, 2008) 

 3.1 
 Fifth Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated June 14, 2007, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 19, 2007) 

 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., effective as of December 4, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 4, 2007, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 4, 2007) 

 4.1 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 19, 2006 (file number 333-139504)) 

 4.2 
 Share Repurchase Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 19, 2006 (file number 333-139504)) 

 4.3 
 Independent Director Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2005 (file number 333-122743)) 

 4.4 
 Statement regarding restrictions on transferability of shares of common stock (to appear on stock certificate or to be sent upon request and without charge to stockholders issued shares without certificates) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant&#146;s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 31, 2007 (file number 333-139504)) 

 10.1 
 Business Management Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Business Manager & Advisor, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2005) 

 10.1.1 
 First Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2007, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Business Manager & Advisor, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 31, 2007 (file number 333-139504)) 

 10.2.1 
 Master Management Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Retail Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2005) 

 -149- 

 10.2.2 
 Master Management Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Apartment Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2005) 

 10.2.3 
 Master Management Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Industrial Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2005) 

 10.2.4 
 Master Management Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Office Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.4 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2005) 

 10.3 
 Property Acquisition Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2005, by and between Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. and Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2005) 

 10.3.1 
 First Amended and Restated Property Acquisition Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2007, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 31, 2007 (file number 333-139504)) 

 10.4 
 Escrow Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2007, by and among Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Securities Corporation and LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&#146;s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 31, 2007 (file number 333-139504)) 

 10.5 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (previously filed and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant&#146;s Amendment No. 4 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 18, 2005 (file number 333-122743)) 

 10.6 
 Securities Purchase And Subscription Agreement among Minto Builders (Florida), Inc., Minto (Delaware), LLC, Minto Holdings Inc. and Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. dated as of October 11, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2005) 

 10.7 
 Put/Call Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2005, by and among Minto Builders (Florida), Inc., Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., Minto Holdings Inc. and Holders of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock as Listed on Schedule A Thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2005) 

 10.8 
 Shareholders Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2005, by and among Minto Builders (Florida), Inc., Minto Holdings Inc., Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Holders of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock as Listed on Schedule A Thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2005) 

 10.9 
 Supplemental Shareholders Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2005 by and among Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Holders of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock as Listed on Schedule A Thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2005) 

 10.10 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated February 3, 2006 between Continental 95 Fund, LLC and Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc., as amended, re Shakopee Center (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Registrant&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2006 (file number 333-122743) 

 -150- 

 10.11 
 Assignment and Assumption of Purchase and Sale Agreement made and entered into the 4th day of April, 2004 by Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. and MB Shakopee Vierling, L.L.C. re Shakopee Center (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to the Registrant&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2006 (file number 333-122743) 

 10.12 
 Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement by and between Maple Leaf Expansion, Inc. and Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. re Canfield Plaza (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Registrant&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2006 (file number 333-122743) 

 10.13 
 Assignment and Assumption of Purchase and Sale Agreement made and entered into the 5th day of April, 2006 by Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. and MB Canfield Main, L.L.C. re Canfield Plaza (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Registrant&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, , as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2006 (file number 333-122743) 

 10.14 
 Loan Agreement dated April 21, 2006 between Merrill Lynch Mortgage Lending, Inc. and MB Louisville Southgate, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to the Registrant&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2006 (file number 333-122743) 

 10.15 
 Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents and Security Agreement made as of April 21, 2006 by MB Louisville Southgate, L.L.C. to Merrill Lynch Mortgage Lending, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Registrant&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2006 (file number 333-122743) 

 10.16 
 Promissory Note made April 21, 2006 by MB Louisville Southgate, L.L.C. to Merrill Lynch Mortgage Lending, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Registrant&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2006 (file number 333-122743) 

 10.17 
 Letter Agreement dated May 12, 2006 between MB Shakopee Vierling, L.L.C. and Allstate Life Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the Registrant&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Form S-11 Registration Statemen, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2006 (file number 333-122743) 

 10.18 
 Mortgage Note dated May 12, 2006 made by MB Shakopee Vierling, L.L.C. in favor of Allstate Life Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the Registrant&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2006 (file number 333-122743) 

 10.19 
 Mortgage, Assignment of Leases, Rents and Contracts, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing made May 12, 2006 from MB Shakopee Vierling, L.L.C. in favor of Allstate Life Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the Registrant&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2006 (file number 333-122743) 

 10.20 
 Agreement of Sale and Purchase between LB Lincoln Mall Holdings LLC and Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. dated February 6, 2006 re Lincoln Mall, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Registrant&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Form S-11 Registration Statement (file number 333-122743) 

 10.21 
 Assignment made as of the 31st day of May, 2006 by Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. to and for the benefit of MB Lincoln Mall, L.L.C. re Lincoln Mall (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the Registrant&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2006 (file number 333-122743) 

 10.22 
 Guaranty (Re: Spring Town Center), dated December 20, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 -151- 

 10.23 
 Guaranty (Re: Cy-Fair Town Center), dated November 23, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.24 
 Guaranty (Re: Eldridge Lakes Town Center), dated November 23, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.25 
 Assumption and Release Agreement (Re: Spring Town Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.26 
 Assumption and Release Agreement (Re: Cy-Fair Town Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.27 
 Assumption and Release Agreement (Re: Eldridge Lakes Town Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.28 
 Deed of Trust and Security Agreement (Re: Spring Town Center), dated December 20, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.29 
 Deed of Trust and Security Agreement (Re: Cy-Fair Town Center), dated November 23, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.70 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.30 
 Deed of Trust and Security Agreement (Re: Eldridge Lakes Town Center), dated November 23, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.71 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.31 
 Fixed Rate Note (Re: Spring Town Center), dated December 20, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.72 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.32 
 Fixed Rate Note (Re: Cy-Fair Town Center), dated November 23, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.73 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.33 
 Fixed Rate Note (Re: Eldridge Lakes Town Center), dated November 23, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.74 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.34 
 Closing Agreement (Re: Spring Town Center), dated July 21, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.75 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.35 
 Closing Agreement (Re: Cy-Fair Town Center; A-S 45), dated July 21, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.76 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.36 
 Closing Agreement (Re: Eldridge Lakes Town Center), dated July 21, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.77 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.37 
 Agreement of Purchase and Sale (Re: Dulles Executive Center), dated July 5, 2006, by and between Valley View Associates Limited Partnership and Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc., as amended by the First Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.78 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 -152- 

 10.38 
 Assignment (Re: Dulles Executive Center), dated July 25, 2006, by Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. to and for the benefit of MB Herndon, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.79 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.39 
 Post Closing and Indemnity Agreement (Re: Dulles Executive Center), dated July 25, 2006, by and among MB Herndon, L.L.C. and Valley View Associates Limited Partnership (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.80 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.40 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated June 8, 2006, by and between Inland American Swampscott Member II, L.L.C. and CE Investment Associates 2001 L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.81 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.41 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated June 8, 2006, by and between Inland American Malden Member II, L.L.C. and CE Investment Associates 2001 L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.82 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.42 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated June 8, 2006, by and between Inland American Sicklerville Member II, L.L.C. and CE Investment Associates 2001 L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.83 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.43 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated June 8, 2006, by and between Inland American Southington Member II, L.L.C. and CE Investment Associates 2001 L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.84 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.44 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated June 8, 2006, by and between Inland American Greenville Pleasantburg Member II, L.L.C. and CE Investment Associates 2001 L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.85 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.45 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated June 8, 2006, by and between Inland American Bristol Member II, L.L.C. and CE Investment Associates 2001 L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.86 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.46 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated June 8, 2006, by and between Inland American Cumberland Member II, L.L.C. and CE Investment Associates 2001 L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.87 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.47 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated June 8, 2006, by and between Inland American Framingham Member II, L.L.C. and CE Investment Associates 2001 L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.88 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.48 
 Promissory Note (Re: Ahold Portfolio&#151;Swampscott), dated June 8, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.89 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.49 
 Promissory Note (Re: Ahold Portfolio&#151;Malden), dated June 8, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.90 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.50 
 Secured Promissory Note (Re: Ahold Portfolio&#151;Sicklerville), dated June 8, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.91 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.51 
 Secured Promissory Note (Re: Ahold Portfolio&#151;Southington), dated June 8, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.92 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 -153- 

 10.52 
 Secured Promissory Note (Re: Ahold Portfolio&#151;Greenville Pleasantburg) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.93 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.53 
 Promissory Note (Re: Ahold Portfolio&#151;Bristol), dated June 8, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.94 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.54 
 Secured Promissory Note (Re: Ahold Portfolio&#151;Cumberland), dated June 8, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.95 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.55 
 Promissory Note (Re: Ahold Portfolio&#151;Framingham), dated June 8, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.96 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.56 
 Mortgage, Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated June 8, 2006, by and between Inland American Swampscott, L.L.C. and Nomura Credit & Capital, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.97 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.57 
 Mortgage, Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated June 8, 2006, by and between Inland American Malden, L.L.C. and Nomura Credit & Capital, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.98 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.58 
 Mortgage and Security Agreement (Re: Ahold Portfolio&#151;Sicklerville), dated June 8, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.99 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.59 
 Mortgage and Security Agreement (Re: Ahold Portfolio&#151;Southington), dated June 8, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.100 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.60 
 Mortgage and Security Agreement (Re: Ahold Portfolio&#151;Greenville Pleasantburg), dated June 8, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.101 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.61 
 Mortgage, Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated June 8, 2006, by and between Inland American Bristol, L.L.C. and Nomura Credit & Capital, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.102 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.62 
 Open-End Mortgage and Security Agreement (Re: Ahold Portfolio&#151;Cumberland), dated June 8, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.103 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.63 
 Mortgage, Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated June 8, 2006, by and between Inland American Framingham, L.L.C. and Nomura Credit & Capital, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.104 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.64 
 Agreement of Contribution by and between CE Cumberland 2001 LLC, Malden CE 2001 LLC, Swampscott CE 2001 LLC, CE Southington 2001 LLC, Framingham CE 2001 LLC, CE Bristol 2001 LLC, CE Sicklerville 2001 LLC, CE Greenville 2001 LLC and Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc., dated as of February 24, 2006, as amended by the First Amendment, dated April 21, 2006, the Second Amendment, dated April 26, 2006, the Third Amendment, dated May 16, 2006 and the Fourth Amendment, dated June 1, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.105 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 -154- 

 10.65 
 Assignments, dated June 8, 2006, in connection with the joint venture with CE Investment Associates 2001, LLC, by and between Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. and each of Inland American Bristol, L.L.C., Inland American Cumberland, L.L.C., Inland American Framingham, L.L.C., Inland American Greenville Pleasantburg, L.L.C., Inland American Malden, L.L.C., Inland American Sicklerville, L.L.C., Inland American Southington, L.L.C. and Inland American Swampscott, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.106 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.66 
 Guaranties, dated June 8, 2006, in connection with the joint venture with CE Investment Associates 2001, LLC, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and CE Investment Associates 2001, LLC, relating to each of the eight properties of the Ahold Portfolio (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.107 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.67 
 Loan Agreement by and between Inland American Swampscott, L.L.C. and Nomura Credit & Capital, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.108 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.68 
 Loan Agreement by and between Inland American Malden, L.L.C. and Nomura Credit & Capital, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.109 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.69 
 Loan Agreement by and between Inland American Framingham, L.L.C. and Nomura Credit & Capital, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.110 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.70 
 Loan Agreement by and between Inland American Bristol, L.L.C. and Nomura Credit & Capital, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.111 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.71 
 Loan Agreement by and between Inland American Cumberland, L.L.C. and Principal Life Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.112 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.72 
 Loan Agreement by and between Inland American Sicklerville, L.L.C. and Principal Life Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.113 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.73 
 Loan Agreement by and between Inland American Greenville Pleasantburg, L.L.C. and Principal Commercial Funding, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.114 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.74 
 Loan Agreement by and between Inland American Southington, L.L.C. and Principal Commercial Funding, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.115 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2006) 

 10.75 
 Agreement of Purchase and Sale by and between 80 South Eighth, L.L.C. and Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc., dated June 29, 2006 (Re: IDS Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.116 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2006) 

 10.76 
 Assignment and Assumption of Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated June 29, 2006, by and between Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. and MB Minneapolis 8th Street, L.L.C. (Re: IDS Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.117 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2006) 

 10.77 
 Assumption Agreement by and between 80 South Eighth L.L.C., MB Minneapolis 8th Street, L.L.C., Minto Builders (Florida), Inc., JBC Opportunity Fund II, L.P., and Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America (Re: IDS Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.118 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2006) 

 10.78 
 Assumption and Amendment of Mortgage by and between 80 South Eighth L.L.C., MB Minneapolis 8th Street, L.L.C. and Teachers Insurance And Annuity Association of America (Re: IDS Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.119 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2006) 

 -155- 

 10.79 
 Mortgage, Assignments of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing Statement by and between 80 South Eighth, L.L.C. and Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America, Inc, dated December 15, 2004 (Re: IDS Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.120 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2006) 

 10.80 
 Promissory Note made by 80 South Eighth, L.L.C. payable to Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America, Inc, dated December 15, 2004 and Assumption of Note by and among MB Minneapolis 8th Street, L.L.C. and Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America (Re: IDS Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.121 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2006) 

 10.81 
 Closing Agreement by and between A-S 60 HWY 75-Loy Lake, L.P. and MB Sherman Town Center Limited Partnership (Re: Sherman Town Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.122 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2006) 

 10.82 
 Assumption and Release Agreement by and between A-S 60 HWY 75-Loy Lake, L.P., Steven D. Alvis, Jay K. Sears, H. Dean Lane, Jr. and Kyle D. Lippman, MB Sherman Town Center Limited Partnership, Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Trustee (Re: Sherman Town Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.123 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2006) 

 10.83 
 Deed of Trust and Security Agreement by A-S 60 HWY 70-Loy Lake, L.P. to Reno Hartfeil as trustee for the benefit of JP Morgan Chase Bank, dated June 15, 2004 (Re: Sherman Town Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.124) to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2006) 

 10.84 
 Fixed Rate Note by A-S 60 HWY 70-Loy Lake, L.P. payable to JP Morgan Chase Bank, dated June 30, 2004 (Re: Sherman Town Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.125 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2006) 

 10.85 
 Guaranty by Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. for the benefit of Wells Fargo Bank , N.A., as Trustee under that certain Pooling and Servicing Agreement dated as of November 23, 2004 (Re: Sherman Town Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.126 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2006) 

 10.86 
 Guaranty of Borrower&#146;s Recourse Liabilities by Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. for the benefit of Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America, Inc. (Re: IDS Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.127 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2006) 

 10.87 
 Assignment, dated July 14, 2006, from Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. to MB Sherman Town Center Limited Partnership of Real Estate Purchase Agreement, dated May 18, 2005 (Re: Sherman Town Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.128 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2006) 

 10.88 
 Loan Participation Agreement, by and between IA Orlando Sand, L.L.C. and Inland Real Estate Corporation, dated October 26, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.129 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2006) 

 10.89 
 Promissory Note, by and between Fourth Quarter properties 124, L.L.C. and IA Orlando Sand, L.L.C., dated September 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.130 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2006) 

 10.90 
 First Mortgage and Security Agreement, by and between Fourth Quarter Properties 124, L.L.C. and IA Orlando Sand, L.L.C., dated September 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.131 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2006) 

 10.91 
 First Mortgage and Security Agreement (7.86 acre parcel), by and between Fourth Quarter Properties 124, L.L.C. and IA Orlando Sand, L.L.C., dated September 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.132 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2006) 

 -156- 

 10.92 
 Loan Guaranty Agreement, by and between Stanley E. Thomas and Thomas Enterprises, Inc., to IA Orlando Sand, L.L.C., dated September 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.133 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2006) 

 10.93 
 Collateral Assignment of Agreements Affecting Real Estate, by and between Fourth Quarter Properties 124, L.L.C. and IA Orlando Sand L.L.C., dated September 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.134 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2006) 

 10.94 
 Environmental Indemnity Agreement, by and among Fourth Quarter Properties 124, L.L.C., Stanley E. Thomas and Thomas Enterprises, Inc., for the benefit of IA Orlando Sand, L.L.C., dated September 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.135 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2006) 

 10.95 
 Fourth Side Letter Agreement to the Securities Purchase and Subscription Agreement and Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, by and between Minto Delaware, L.L.C. and Minto Builders (Florida), Inc., dated October 27, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.137 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2006) 

 10.96 
 Third Side Letter Agreement to the Securities Purchase and Subscription Agreement, by and among Minto (Delaware), L.L.C. and Minto Holdings, Inc. and Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. and Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., dated October 27, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.138 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2006) 

 10.97 
 Articles of Association of Oak Real Estate Association by and among Inland Real Estate Corporation, Inland Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., dated September 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.139 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2006) 

 10.98 
 Operating Agreement of Oak Property and Casualty L.L.C. by and among Inland Real Estate Corporation, Inland Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc, dated September 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.140 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2006) 

 10.99 
 Oak Property and Casualty L.L.C. Membership Participation Agreement by and among Inland Real Estate Corporation, Inland Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., and Oak Property and Casualty L.L.C. dated September 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.141 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2006) 

 10.100 
 909 Chestnut Real Estate Sale Contract (Re: AT&T Center), dated as of November 3, 2006, by and between Southwestern Bell Telephone, L.P. and Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.142 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 21, 2006, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 28, 2006) 

 10.101 
 Assignment of Purchase and Sale by and between MB St. Louis Chestnut, L.L.C. and Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc., dated December 21, 2006 (Re: AT&T Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.143 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 21, 2006, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 28, 2006) 

 10.102 
 Loan Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2006, between MB St. Louis Chestnut, L.L.C. and Bear Stearns Commercial Mortgage, Inc. (Re: AT&T Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.144 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 21, 2006, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 28, 2006) 

 10.103 
 Promissory Note, dated as of December 21, 2006, made by MB St. Louis Chestnut, L.L.C. in favor of Bear Stearns Commercial Mortgage, Inc. (Re: AT&T Center) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.145 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 21, 2006, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 28, 2006) 

 -157- 

 10.104 
 Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of December 21, 2006, executed and delivered by MB St. Louis Chestnut, L.L.C. to Bear Stearns Commercial Mortgage, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.146 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 21, 2006, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 28, 2006) 

 10.105 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement by Bradley Associates Limited Partnership and Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc., dated May 2, 2006, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.147 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated January 12, 2007, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2007) 

 10.106 
 Assignments of Purchase and Sale Agreement by Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. to Subsidiaries of MB REIT with respect to the Twenty-Two Closed Bradley Portfolio Properties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.148 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated January 12, 2007, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2007) 

 10.107 
 Investment Advisory Agreement for Discretionary Accounts, dated as of November 15, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland Investment Advisors, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.149 to the Registrant&#146;s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 31, 2007 (file number 333-139504)) 

 10.108 
 Investment Advisory Agreement for Discretionary Accounts, dated as of November 15, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland Investment Advisors, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.150 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated August 3, 2007, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 9, 2007) 

 10.109 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement between The Woodlands Hotel, L.P., as seller, and Inland American Lodging Acquisition, Inc., as purchaser, dated as of August 22, 2007, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.151 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A dated November 21, 2007, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 11, 2007) 

 10.110 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement between SunTrust Bank, a Georgia banking corporation, and Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc., an Illinois corporation, dated as of September 27, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.152 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 10, 2007, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 14, 2007) 

 10.111 
 Assignment and Assumption of Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated November 30, 2007, by and between Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. and Inland American ST Portfolio, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.153 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 10, 2007, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 14, 2007) 

 10.112 
 Loan Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2007, between the entities set forth on Schedule I of the Agreement, Bear Stearns Commercial Mortgage, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.154 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 17, 2007, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2007) 

 10.113 
 Promissory Note A-1, dated as of December 17, 2007, made by certain entities set forth on Schedule I of the Promissory Note in favor of Bear Stearns Commercial Mortgage, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.155 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 17, 2007, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2007) 

 10.114 
 Promissory Note A-2, dated as of December 17, 2007, made by certain entities set forth on Schedule I of the Promissory Note in favor of Bear Stearns Commercial Mortgage, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.156 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 17, 2007, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2007) 

 10.115 
 Promissory Note A-3, dated as of December 17, 2007, made by certain entities set forth on Schedule I of the Promissory Note in favor of Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.157 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 17, 2007, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2007) 

 -158- 

 10.116 
 Promissory Note A-4, dated as of December 17, 2007, made by certain entities set forth on Schedule I of the Promissory Note in favor of Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.158 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 17, 2007, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2007) 

 10.117 
 Guaranty Agreement Regarding PIP Requirements, dated as of December 17, 2007, by Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. in favor of Bear Stearns Commercial Mortgage, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.159 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 17, 2007, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2007) 

 10.118 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2007, by certain entities set forth on Schedule I of the Agreement and Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. in favor of Bear Stearns Commercial Mortgage, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.160 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 17, 2007, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2007) 

 10.119 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2007, by and between Inland American ST Portfolio, L.L.C. and Inland American ST Florida Portfolio, L.L.C. and LaSalle Bank National Association, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.161 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A dated January 3, 2008, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 10, 2007) 

 10.120 
 Promissory Note, dated as of December 10, 2007, made by Inland American ST Portfolio, L.L.C. and Inland American ST Florida Portfolio, L.L.C. in favor of LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.162 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A dated January 3, 2008, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 10, 2007) 

 10.121 
 Contribution Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2007, by and between Inland American ST Portfolio, L.L.C. and Inland American ST Florida Portfolio, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.163 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A dated January 3, 2008, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 10, 2007) 

 10.122 
 Guaranty of Payment, dated as of December 10, 2007, by Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. for the benefit of LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.164 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A dated January 3, 2008, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 10, 2007) 

 10.123 
 Confirmation to Inland American ST Portfolio, L.L.C. and Inland American ST Florida Portfolio, L.L.C. from LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.165 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K/A dated January 3, 2008, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 10, 2007) 

 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant* 

 23.1 
 Consent of KPMG LLP* 

 31.1 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 

 31.2 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 

 32.1 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 

 32.2 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 

 99.1 
 Non-Retaliation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2005 (file number 333-122743)) 

 99.2 
 Responsibilities of the Compliance Officer of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2005 (file number 333-122743)) 

 -159- 

 99.3 
 First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2005) 

 99.4 
 Articles of Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. with Respect to 3.5% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2005) 

 99.5 
 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2005) 

 99.6 
 Articles of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. with Respect to Convertible Special Voting Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2005) 

 99.7 
 Articles of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. with Respect to 125 Shares of 12.5% Series B Cumulative Non-Voting Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2005) 

 * 
 Filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 -160- 

