 
 EX-3.1
 2
 a07-16868_1ex3d1.htm
 EX-3.1

 Exhibit 3.1 

 FIFTH ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 

 To State
Department of Assessments and Taxation, State of Maryland: 

 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2-609 of the
Maryland General Corporation Law, Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., a
Maryland corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;), hereby certifies that: 

 FIRST : The Company desires to
amend and restate its articles of incorporation as currently in effect and
hereinafter amended. 

 SECOND : The following
provisions set forth in these Fifth Articles of Amendment and Restatement are
all the provisions of the articles of incorporation of the Company as currently
in effect and as hereinafter amended: 

 ARTICLE I 
NAME 

 The name of the corporation is Inland American Real
Estate Trust, Inc. So far as may be
practicable, the business of the Company shall be conducted and transacted
under that name. Under circumstances in
which the Board of Directors (as defined below in Article IV ) shall
determine that the use of the name &#147;Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc.&#148; is
not practicable, the Board of Directors may permit the use of any other
designation or name for the Company. 

 ARTICLE
II 
PURPOSES AND POWERS 

 The purposes for which the Company is formed are to
engage in any lawful business or other activity (including, without limitation
or obligation, qualifying as a real estate investment trust under Sections 856
through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor
statute) for which corporations may be organized under the general laws of the
State of Maryland as now or hereafter in force. 

 ARTICLE
III 
PRINCIPAL OFFICE AND RESIDENT AGENT 

 The address of the principal office of the Company in
the State of Maryland is c/o The Corporation Trust Incorporated, 300 East
Lombard Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21202. 
The Company may have such other offices (including its principal
executive offices) and places of business within or without the State of
Maryland as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. The resident agent of the Company is The
Corporation Trust Incorporated, whose address is 300 East Lombard Street,
Baltimore, Maryland 21202. The Company
reserves the right to change its principal office and resident agent at any
time. 

 1 

 ARTICLE
IV 
DEFINITIONS 

 For the purposes of these Articles (as defined below)
the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

 &#147; Acquisition Expenses &#148;
means any and all expenses incurred by the Company, the Business Manager or any
Affiliate of either in connection with selecting, evaluating or acquiring any
investment in Real Estate Assets, including but not limited to legal fees and
expenses, travel and communication, appraisals and surveys, nonrefundable
option payments regardless of whether the Real Estate Asset is acquired,
accounting fees and expenses, computer related expenses, architectural and
engineering reports, environmental and asbestos audits and surveys, title
insurance and escrow fees, and personal and miscellaneous expenses. 

 &#147; Acquisition Fees &#148;
means the total of all fees and commissions, excluding Acquisition Expenses,
paid by any Person to any other Person (including any fees or commissions paid
by or to the Company, the Business Manager or any Affiliate of either) in
connection with an investment in Real Estate Assets or purchasing, developing
or constructing a Property by the Company. 
For these purposes, the fees or commissions shall include any real
estate commission, selection fee, Development Fee, Construction Fee,
nonrecurring management fee, loan fee, including points, or any fee of a
similar nature, however designated, except for Development Fees and
Construction Fees paid to any Person not Affiliated with the Sponsor or
Business Manager in connection with the actual development and construction of
a project, or fees in connection with temporary short-term investments acquired
for purposes of cash management. 

 &#147; Affiliate &#148;
means, with respect to any other Person: 
(i) any Person directly or indirectly owning, controlling or holding,
with the power to vote, ten percent (10.0%) or more of the outstanding voting
securities of such other Person; (ii) any Person ten percent (10.0%) or more of
whose outstanding voting securities are directly or indirectly owned,
controlled or held, with the power to vote, by such other Person; (iii) any
Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control
with such other Person; (iv) any executive officer, director, trustee, general
partner or manager of such other Person; and (v) any legal entity for which
such Person acts as an executive officer, director, trustee, general partner or
manager. 

 &#147; Aggregate Debt Service &#148;
means, for any period, the aggregate amount of interest expense, principal
amortization and other charges payable with respect to the Company&#146;s
outstanding borrowings and indebtedness, whether secured or unsecured,
including all Loans, Senior Debt and Junior Debt. 

 &#147; Articles &#148; means
these Fifth Articles of Amendment and Restatement. 

 &#147; Asset Coverage &#148;
means the ratio equal to the value of total assets of the Company, less 
all liabilities and indebtedness except indebtedness for unsecured borrowings, divided
by the aggregate amount of all unsecured borrowings of the Company. 

 &#147; Average Invested Assets &#148;
means, for any period, the average of the aggregate book value of the Company&#146;s
assets, including lease intangibles, invested, directly or indirectly, in
financial instruments, debt and equity securities and equity interests in and
loans secured by Real Estate 

 2 

 Assets, including amounts
invested in Real Estate Operating Companies, before reserves for depreciation
or bad debts or other similar non-cash reserves, computed by taking the average
of these values at the end of each month during the relevant period. For purposes of calculating the Business
Management Fee, Average Invested Assets will mean the average of the assets
identified in the immediately preceding sentence as of the last day of the
immediately preceding quarter for which the Business Management Fee is
calculated. 

 &#147; Board of Directors &#148;
means the Board of Directors of the Company or any duly authorized committee
thereof. 

 &#147; Business Management
Agreement &#148; means that agreement entered into by and between the
Company and the Business Manager. 

 &#147; Business Management Fee &#148;
means the fee payable to the Business Manager pursuant to the Business
Management Agreement. 

 &#147; Business Manager &#148;
means Inland American Business Manager & Advisor, Inc., an Illinois
corporation, or it successors and assigns. 

 &#147; Bylaws &#148; means
the bylaws of the Company, as the same are in effect and may be amended from
time to time. 

 &#147; Cash Flow &#148;
means, with respect to any period: (i) all cash receipts derived from
investments in Real Estate Assets made by the Company; plus (ii) cash
receipts from operations (including any interest from temporary investments of
the Company) without deduction for depreciation or amortization; less 
(iii) cash receipts used to pay operating expenses (including the Business
Management Fee), calculated in accordance with GAAP. 

 &#147; Code &#148; means the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated
thereunder or corresponding provisions of subsequent revenue laws. 

 &#147; Competitive Real Estate
Commission &#148; means the real estate or brokerage commission paid for
the purchase or sale of a Property that is reasonable, customary and
competitive in light of the size, type and location of such Property. 

 &#147; Construction Fee &#148;
means a fee or other remuneration for acting as general contractor or
construction manager to construct improvements, supervise and coordinate
projects on, or to provide major repairs to, or rehabilitation of, a Property. 

 &#147; Contract Price &#148;
means the aggregate amount actually paid or allocated to the purchase,
development, construction or improvement of a Real Estate Asset excluding
Acquisition Fees and Acquisition Expenses. 

 &#147; Dealer Manager &#148;
means Inland Securities Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 

 &#147; Debt Service Coverage &#148;
means the ratio equal to annualized Net Income for the latest quarterly period divided
by Aggregate Debt Service. 

 3 

 &#147; Development Fee &#148;
means a fee paid to the Company for services rendered in connection with the
development of a Property, including negotiating and approving plans and
assisting in obtaining zoning, variances and financing for such Property. 

 &#147; Director(s) &#148;
means the members of the Board of Directors (including Independent Directors). 

 &#147; Distributions &#148;
means any distribution of cash, other assets or securities by the Company to
its Stockholders. 

 &#147; Equity Stock &#148;
means all classes or series of stock of the Company, including, without limit,
Common Stock (as defined below in Article V ) and Preferred Stock (as
defined below in Article V ). 

 &#147; GAAP &#148; means
United States generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time
to time, applied on a consistent basis. 

 &#147; Independent Director(s) &#148;
means the Directors who: (i) are not associated and have not been associated within
the two years prior to their becoming an Independent Director, directly or
indirectly, with the Company, the Sponsor or the Business Manager whether by
ownership of, ownership interest in, employment by, any material business or
professional relationship with or as an officer or director of the Company, the
Sponsor, the Business Manager or any of their Affiliates; (ii) do not serve as
directors for another REIT originated by the Sponsor or advised by the Business
Manager or any of its Affiliates; and (iii) perform no other services for the
Company, except as Directors. For
purposes of this definition, an indirect affiliation shall include
circumstances in which a Director&#146;s spouse, parents, children, siblings,
mothers- or fathers-in-law, sons- or daughters-in-law or brothers- or
sisters-in-law have any of the relationships identified in the immediately
preceding sentence of this definition with the Company, the Sponsor, the
Business Manager or any of their Affiliates. 
For purposes of determining whether or not the business or professional
relationship is material, the aggregate gross revenue derived by the
prospective Independent Director from the Company, the Sponsor, the Business
Manager and their Affiliates shall be deemed material per se 
if it exceeds five percent (5.0%) of the prospective Independent Director&#146;s:
(i) annual gross revenue, derived from all sources, during either of the last
two years; or (ii) net worth, on a fair market value basis. 

 &#147; Independent Expert &#148;
means a Person with no material current or prior business or personal
relationship with the Business Manager or the Directors who is engaged, to a
substantial extent, in the business of rendering opinions regarding the value
of assets of the type proposed to be acquired by the Company. 

 &#147; Initial Investment &#148;
means the purchase of 20,000 shares of Common Stock by the Sponsor for an
aggregate price of $200,000 in connection with the formation of the
Company. The Sponsor or any Affiliate
thereof may not sell the Initial Investment while the Sponsor remains a Sponsor
but may transfer all or a portion of the Initial Investment to any of its
Affiliates. 

 &#147; Invested Capital &#148;
means the original issue price paid for the shares of Common Stock reduced by
prior distributions from the sale or financing of the Company&#146;s Properties. 

 4 

 &#147; Junior Debt &#148;
means indebtedness that is subordinate to Senior Debt. 

 &#147; Loans &#148; means
debt financing evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments or
letters of credit, including Mortgage Loans. 

 &#147; Market Price &#148;
means on any date the average of the Closing Price (as defined below) per share
for the applicable type of Equity Stock for the five consecutive Trading Days
(as defined below) ending on such date. 
The &#147;Closing Price&#148; on any date means the last sale price, regular way,
or, if no sale takes place on that day, the average of the closing bid and
asked prices, regular way, in either case as reported in the principal
consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or
admitted to trading on the principal national securities exchange on which the
applicable shares of Equity Stock are listed or admitted to trading or, if the
shares of Equity Stock are not listed or admitted to trading on any national
securities exchange, the last quoted price, or if not so quoted, the average of
the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported
by The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. (&#147;Nasdaq&#148;), or, if Nasdaq is no longer in use,
the principal automated quotation system that may then be in use or, if the
shares of Equity Stock are not quoted by any such organization, the average of
the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker
making a market in the shares of Equity Stock selected by the Board of
Directors, or, in the absence of a professional market maker, the price at
which the Company is then offering shares of Equity Stock to the public if the
Company is then engaged in a public offering, or, if the Company is not then
offering Equity Stock to the public, the average of the last ten (10) sales
pursuant to an offering of such shares of Equity Stock if such offering has not
concluded, or if such offering has concluded, the average of the last ten (10)
purchases by the Company pursuant to its Share Repurchase Program (the &#147;SRP&#148;),
and if there are fewer than ten (10) purchases under the SRP, then the average
of the actual purchases, or, if the SRP is not then in existence, the price at
which a Stockholder may purchase shares of Equity Stock pursuant to the Company&#146;s
Distribution Reinvestment Plan (the &#147;DRP&#148;) if the DRP is then in existence, or,
if not, the fair market value of such shares of Equity Stock shall be
determined by the Company, in its sole discretion. &#147;Trading Day&#148; shall mean a day on which the
principal national securities exchange or national automated quotation system
on which the applicable shares of Equity Stock are listed or admitted to
trading is open for the transaction of business or, if the shares of Equity
Stock are not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange
or national automated quotation system, shall mean any day other than a
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New
York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. The term &#147;regular way&#148; means a trade that is
effected in a recognized securities market for clearance and settlement
pursuant to the rules and procedures of the National Securities Clearing
Corporation, as opposed to a trade effected &#147;ex-clearing&#148; for same-day or
next-day settlement. 

 &#147; MGCL &#148; means the
General Corporation Law of the State of Maryland, as amended from time to time,
or any successor statute. 

 &#147; Mortgage Loans &#148;
means notes or other evidences of indebtedness or obligations that are secured
or collateralized, directly or indirectly, by Real Property or interests in
Real Property. 

 &#147; Net Assets &#148; or &#147; Net Asset Value &#148; means the aggregate amount of total assets
of the Company (other than intangibles) at cost before deducting depreciation
or other non-cash 

 5 

 reserves less 
total liabilities of the Company, calculated at least quarterly in accordance
with GAAP. 

 &#147; Net Income &#148;
means, for any period, the aggregate amount of total revenues applicable to
such period less the expenses applicable to such period
other than additions to or allowances for reserves for depreciation,
amortization or bad debts or other similar non-cash reserves all calculated in
accordance with GAAP; provided , however , that Net Income shall
not include any gain recognized upon the sale of the Company&#146;s assets. 

 &#147; Organization and Offering
Expenses &#148; means all expenses incurred by, and to be paid from the
assets of, the Company in connection with and in preparing the Company for
registration and offering shares of Equity Stock to the public, including, but
not limited to, total underwriting and brokerage discounts and commissions
(including fees of the underwriters&#146; attorneys paid by the Company), expenses
for printing, engraving, mailing, salaries of the Company&#146;s employees while
engaged in sales activity, charges of transfer agents, registrars, trustees,
escrow holders, depositories, experts, expenses of qualification of the sale of
the securities under federal and state laws, including taxes and fees, and
accountants&#146; and attorneys&#146; fees and expenses. 

 &#147; Permitted Investment &#148;
means any investment that the Company may acquire pursuant to these Articles or
the Bylaws, including any investment in collateralized mortgage-backed
securities and any investment or purchase of interests in a Real Estate
Operating Company or other entity owning Properties or Loans. 

 &#147; Person &#148; means
an individual, corporation, business trust, estate, trust, partnership, limited
liability company, association, two or more persons having a joint or common
interest or any other legal or commercial entity. 

 &#147; Property &#148; or &#147; Properties &#148; means interests in (i) Real Property or (ii) any
buildings, structures, improvements, furnishings, fixtures and equipment,
whether or not located on the Real Property, in each case owned or to be owned
by the Company either directly or indirectly through one or more Affiliates,
joint ventures, partnerships or other legal entities. 

 &#147; Property Manager &#148;
means any of Inland American Retail Management LLC, Inland American Office
Management LLC, Inland American Industrial Management LLC or Inland American
Apartment Management LLC, each a Delaware limited liability company, or any of
their successors or assigns. 

 &#147; Real Estate Assets &#148;
means any and all investments in Properties, Loans and other Permitted Investments
(including all rents, income profits and gains therefrom), whether real,
personal or otherwise, tangible or intangible, that are transferred or conveyed
to, or owned or held by, or for the account of, the Company or any of its
subsidiaries. 

 &#147; Real Estate Operating
Company &#148; means (i) any entity that has equity securities registered
under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;); (ii) any entity that files periodic reports under
Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; or (iii) any entity that, either
itself or through its subsidiaries: 

 6 

 (a) owns and operates interests in real
estate on a going concern basis rather than as a conduit vehicle for investors
to participate in the ownership of assets for a limited period of time; 

 (b) has a policy or purpose of
reinvesting sale, financing or refinancing proceeds or cash from operations; 

 (c) has its own directors, managers or
managing general partners, as applicable; and 

 (d) either: (1) has its own officers and
employees that, on a daily basis, actively operate the entity and its
subsidiaries and businesses; or (2) has retained the services of an affiliate
or sponsor of, or advisor to, the entity to, on a daily basis, actively operate
the entity and its subsidiaries and businesses. 

 &#147; Real Property &#148;
means land, rights or interests in land (including but not limited to leasehold
interests), and any buildings, structures, improvements, furnishings, fixtures
and equipment located on, or used in connection with, land and rights or
interests in land. 

 &#147; REIT &#148; means a &#147;real
estate investment trust&#148; as defined by the Code. 

 &#147; Roll-Up &#148; means
a transaction involving the acquisition, merger, conversion or consolidation
either directly or indirectly of the Company and a Roll-Up Entity and the
issuance of securities of such Roll-Up Entity to the Stockholders of the
Company, but not including: 

 (a) a transaction involving securities of
an entity that have been, for at least twelve (12) months, listed on a national
securities exchange or traded through The Nasdaq Stock Market-Nasdaq National
Market; or 

 (b) a transaction involving the
conversion to corporate, trust or association form of only the Company, if, as
a consequence of the transaction, there will be no significant adverse change
in any of the following: 

 (i) Stockholders&#146;
voting rights; 

 (ii) the
term and existence of the Company; 

 (iii) compensation
payable to the Sponsor or Business Manager; or 

 (iv) the
Company&#146;s investment objectives. 

 &#147; Roll-Up Entity &#148;
means a partnership, REIT, corporation, trust or other entity that would be
created or would survive after the successful completion of a proposed Roll-Up
transaction. 

 &#147; Senior Debt &#148;
means indebtedness to which Junior Debt is subordinate. 

 &#147; Sponsor &#148; means
Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation, a Delaware corporation, or any other
Person directly or indirectly instrumental in organizing, wholly or in part,
the Company, or any Person who will control, manage or participate in the
management of the Company, and any Affiliate of any such Person, but excluding
any Person whose only relationship with the Company is as that of an
independent property manager of the Company&#146;s 

 7 

 assets or any independent
third parties such as attorneys, accountants and underwriters who receive
compensation only for professional services. 
A Person may be deemed a Sponsor of the Company by: 

 (a) taking the initiative, directly or
indirectly, in founding or organizing the business or enterprise of the
Company, either alone or in conjunction with one or more other Persons; 

 (b) receiving a material participation in
the Company in connection with founding or organizing the business of the
Company; 

 (c) having a substantial number of
relationships and contacts with the Company; 

 (d) possessing significant rights to
control any of the Properties; 

 (e) receiving fees for providing services
to the Company that are paid on a basis that is not customary in the industry;
or 

 (f) providing goods or services to the
Company on a basis which was not negotiated at arm&#146;s-length with the Company. 

 &#147; Stockholders &#148;
means holders of shares of Equity Stock. 

 &#147; Total Operating Expenses &#148;
means the aggregate expenses of every character paid or incurred by the Company
as determined under GAAP, including any fees paid to the Business Manager, but
excluding: 

 (a) the expenses of raising capital, such
as Organization and Offering Expenses, legal, audit, accounting, underwriting,
brokerage, listing, registration and other fees, printing and other expenses
and taxes incurred in connection with the issuance, distribution, transfer,
registration and listing of any shares of the Equity Stock; 

 (b) property expenses; 

 (c) interest payments; 

 (d) taxes; 

 (e) non-cash charges such as
depreciation, amortization and bad debt reserves; 

 (f) incentive fees payable to the
Business Manager; and 

 (g) Acquisition Fees, Acquisition
Expenses, real estate commissions on resale of Property and other expenses
connected with the acquisition, disposition and ownership of real estate
interests, mortgage loans or other property (such as the costs of foreclosure,
insurance premiums, legal services, maintenance, repair and improvement of
Property). 

 8 

 ARTICLE V 
STOCK 

 Section 5.1 Authorized
Stock . The total number of shares of
stock that the Company has authority to issue is 1,500,000,000 shares, of which 1,460,000,000 are shares
of common stock, $.001 par value per share (&#147;Common Stock&#148;), and 40,000,000 are
shares of preferred stock, $.001 par value per share (&#147;Preferred Stock&#148;). The aggregate par value of all authorized
shares of stock having par value is $1,500,000. 
If shares of one class of stock are classified or reclassified into
shares of another class of stock pursuant to this Article V , the number
of authorized shares of the former class shall be automatically decreased and the
number of shares of the latter class shall be automatically increased, in each
case by the number of shares so classified or reclassified, so that the
aggregate number of shares of stock of all classes that the Company has
authority to issue shall not be more than the total number of shares of stock
set forth in the first sentence of this Section 5.1 . 

 Section 5.2 Liquidation . Subject to any preferential rights in favor
of any class of Preferred Stock, upon liquidation or dissolution of the
Company, each issued and outstanding share of Common Stock shall be entitled to
participate pro rata in the
assets of the Company remaining after paying, or making adequate provision for,
all known debts and liabilities of the Company. 

 Section 5.3 Common
Stock . 

 (a) Subject to the provisions of Article
VIII , each issued and outstanding share of Common Stock shall entitle the
holder thereof to one vote on all matters presented for a vote of
Stockholders. Shares of Common Stock do
not have cumulative voting rights. 

 (b) A majority of Stockholders present in
person or by proxy at an annual meeting at which a quorum is present, may,
without the necessity for concurrence by the Directors, vote to elect the
Directors. A quorum shall be fifty
percent (50.0%) of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

 (c) Except as provided in Section
13.2(b) hereof, with respect to voting shares of Common Stock owned by the
Business Manager, the Sponsor, the Directors or any of their Affiliates,
neither the Business Manager, the Sponsor, the Directors nor any Affiliate may
vote or consent on matters submitted to the Stockholders regarding the removal
of the Business Manager, the Sponsor, the Directors or any Affiliate or any
transaction between the Company and any of them. 

 Section 5.4 Preferred
Stock . Subject to Section 7.8 
hereof, the Board of Directors may classify or reclassify any unissued shares
of Preferred Stock from time to time, in one or more classes or series of
Preferred Stock, by setting or changing the preferences, conversion or other
rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other
distributions, qualifications, or terms or conditions of redemption of the
Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 5.4 , the voting rights of any
Preferred Stock (other than publicly held Preferred Stock) sold in a private
offering shall not exceed voting rights that bear 

 9 

 the same relationship to the voting rights of the publicly held Common
Stock as the consideration paid to the Company for each privately offered share
of Preferred Stock bears to the book value of each outstanding share of
publicly held Common Stock. 

 Section 5.5 Classified
or Reclassified Shares of Preferred Stock . 
Subject to Section 7.8 hereof, prior to issuing classified or
reclassified shares of any class or series of Preferred Stock, the Board of
Directors by resolution shall: (i)
designate that class or series to distinguish it from all other series and
classes of Preferred Stock; (ii) specify the number of shares to be included in
the class or series of Preferred Stock; (iii) subject to the provisions of Article
VIII , and subject to the express terms of any class or series of Equity
Stock of the Company outstanding at the time, set or change the preferences,
conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to
dividends or other distributions, qualifications, or terms or conditions of
redemption for each class or series of Preferred Stock; and (iv) cause the
Company to file articles supplementary with the State Department of Assessments
and Taxation of Maryland (&#147;SDAT&#148;). Any
of the terms of any class or series of Preferred Stock set or changed pursuant
to clause (iii) of this Section 5.5 may be made dependent upon facts or
events ascertainable outside the Articles (including determinations by the
Board of Directors or other facts or events within the control of the Company)
and may vary among holders thereof, provided that the manner in which the
facts, events or variations shall operate upon the preferences, conversion or
other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other
distributions, qualifications, or terms or conditions of redemption of class or
series of Preferred Stock is clearly and expressly set forth in the articles
supplementary filed with the SDAT. 

 Section 5.6 General
Nature of Equity Stock . All shares
of Equity Stock shall be personal property entitling the Stockholders only to
those rights provided in these Articles. 
The Stockholders shall have no interest in any Real Estate Assets and
shall have no right to compel any partition, division, dividend or distribution
of the Company or any Real Estate Assets. 

 Section 5.7 No
Issuance of Share Certificates . 
Except to the extent expressly authorized by the Board of Directors, the
Company shall not issue share certificates. 
A Stockholder&#146;s investment shall be recorded on the books and records of
the Company. To transfer shares of
Equity Stock, a Stockholder shall submit an executed assignment form to the
Company, which form shall be provided by the Company or transfer agent upon
request. Upon issuance or transfer of
shares of Equity Stock, the Company will provide the Stockholder with a
statement containing information substantially similar to that contained in the
legend set forth in Section 8.2(h) hereof concerning his or her rights
with regard to such shares of Equity Stock and any other information required
by the Bylaws, the MGCL or other applicable law. 

 Section 5.8 Fractional
Shares of Equity Stock . The Company
may, without the consent or approval of any Stockholder, issue fractional
shares of Equity Stock, eliminate a fractional interest by rounding up or down
to a full share of Equity Stock, arrange for the disposition of a fractional
interest by the Person entitled to it, or pay cash for the fair value of a
fractional share of Equity Stock determined as of the time when the Person
entitled to receive it is determined. 

 10 

 Section 5.9 Preemptive
Rights . Except as may be provided by
the Board of Directors in setting the terms of classified or reclassified
shares of stock pursuant to Section 5.5 hereof, no Stockholder of the
Company shall, solely in the capacity of a Stockholder, have any preemptive
right to purchase or subscribe for any additional shares of Equity Stock or any
other security of the Company that it may issue or sell. 

 Section 5.10 Articles
and Bylaws . All persons acquiring
shares of Equity Stock shall be subject to the provisions of these Articles and
the Bylaws, each as may be supplemented, amended or restated from time to time. 

 Section 5.11 Terms
and Conditions of Securities . The
Company shall not issue: 

 (a) Common Stock that is non-voting or
assessable; 

 (b) Warrants, options or similar
evidences of a right to buy shares of Equity Stock, unless (i) issued to all of
its holders of Equity Stock ratably, (ii) as part of a financing arrangement,
or (iii) as part of a stock option plan adopted by the Company; 

 (c) Common Stock that is redeemable; 

 (d) Debt securities unless the Debt
Service Coverage, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the issuance of
the debt securities, calculated as of the end of the Company&#146;s most recently
completed fiscal quarter or such shorter period if the Company has not yet
completed its first fiscal quarter, is equal to or greater than 1.0; 

 (e) Options or warrants to purchase
shares of Equity Stock to the Sponsor, the Business Manager, any Directors or
their Affiliates except on the same terms as sold to the general public
(excluding for these purposes underwriting fees, commissions and discounts); provided 
that the Company may issue options or warrants to Persons not Affiliated with
the Company at exercise prices not less than the fair market value of such
securities on the date of grant and for consideration (which may include
services) that in the judgment of the Independent Directors have a market value
not less than the value of such option or warrant on the date of grant; provided ,
 further , that options or warrants issuable to the Sponsor, the Business
Manager, any Directors or their Affiliates shall not exceed an amount equal to
ten percent (10.0%) of the outstanding shares of Equity Stock on the date of
grant of any options or warrants; or 

 (f) Shares of Equity Stock on a deferred
payment basis or similar arrangement. 

 Section 5.12 Rights
of Objecting Stockholders . Holders
of shares of Equity Stock are not entitled to exercise any rights of an
objecting stockholder provided for under Title 3, Subtitle 2 of the MGCL. 

 11 

 ARTICLE VI 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

 Section 6.1 Number
and Classification . The number of
Directors shall be seven (7), which number may be increased or decreased
pursuant to the Bylaws; provided , however that the number of
Directors shall never be less than three (3) nor more than eleven (11). A majority of the Board of Directors shall be
comprised of Independent Directors. 
Independent Directors shall nominate replacements for vacancies among
the Independent Directors. The Directors
may establish any committees as they deem appropriate; provided that the
majority of the members of each committee are Independent Directors. A Director shall have had at least three
years of relevant experience demonstrating the knowledge and experience
required to successfully acquire and manage the type of assets being acquired
by the Company. At least one of the Independent Directors shall have three
years of relevant real estate experience. 

 The names of the Directors who shall serve
until the next annual meeting of the Stockholders or until their successors are
duly chosen and qualified are: 

 Brenda Gujral 

 Robert D. Parks 

 J. Michael Borden (Independent Director) 

 David Mahon (Independent Director) 

 Thomas F. Meagher (Independent Director) 

 Paula Saban (Independent Director) 

 William J. Wierzbicki (Independent Director) 

 Section 6.2 Election
and Term . Each Director (other than
a Director elected to fill the unexpired term of another Director) is elected
by the vote of the Stockholders and shall hold office until his or her
successor is elected and qualified. 

 Section 6.3 Resignation,
Removal or Death . A Director may
resign by written notice to the Board of Directors, signed by the Director and
effective upon delivery to the Company or any later date specified in the
notice. Subject to the rights of holders
of one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock to elect or remove one or
more Directors, a Director may be removed at any time, with or without cause
and without the necessity for concurrence by the Directors, by the affirmative
vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the shares of Equity Stock
then outstanding and entitled to vote generally in the election of Directors. For purposes of this Section 6.3 , &#147;cause&#148;
shall mean with respect to any particular Director, conviction of a felony or a
final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holding that the Director
caused demonstrable, material harm to the Company through bad faith or active
and deliberate dishonesty. 

 Section 6.4 Service
as Nominee . Legal title to any Real
Estate Asset shall be vested in the Company or any of its Affiliates, but the
Company may cause legal title to any such Real Estate Asset to be held by or in
the name of any or all of the Directors or any other person as nominee; provided 
that upon the death, resignation or removal of the Director, the Director shall
automatically cease to have any right, title or interest in and to any Real
Estate Asset and shall execute and deliver such documents as the remaining
Directors require to convey any Real Estate 

 12 

 Asset held in his or her name, and shall account to the remaining
Directors as they require for all such Property that he or she holds as
nominee. Any right, title or interest of
the Director in and to any Property shall automatically vest in successor and
additional Directors upon their qualification and acceptance of election or
appointment as Directors, and they shall thereupon have all the rights and
obligations of Directors, whether or not any documents evidencing the
conveyance have been executed and delivered. 
Written evidence of the qualification and acceptance of the election or
appointment of successor and additional Directors may be filed with the records
of the Company and in any such other offices, agencies or places as the Company
or Directors may deem necessary, appropriate or advisable. 

 Section 6.5 Duties
and Powers . 

 (a) General . The business and affairs of the Company shall
be managed under the direction of the Board of Directors. All powers of the
Company may be exercised by or under authority of the Board of Directors except
as conferred on or reserved to the Stockholders by law or by these Articles or
the Bylaws. These Articles and the
Bylaws shall be construed with a presumption in favor of the grant of power and
authority to the Board of Directors. Any
construction of these Articles or the Bylaws or any determination made in good
faith by the Board of Directors concerning its powers and authority hereunder or
thereunder shall be conclusive. The enumeration and definition of particular
powers of the Board of Directors included in these Articles or in the Bylaws
shall in no way be construed or deemed by inference or otherwise in any manner
to exclude or limit the powers conferred upon the Board of Directors under the
MGCL, the general laws of the State of Maryland or any other applicable laws as
now or hereafter in force. At or before
the first meeting of the Board of Directors, the Articles shall be reviewed and
ratified by a majority both of the Directors and of the Independent Directors. 

 (b) REIT Qualification . The Board of Directors shall use its
reasonable best efforts to cause the Company to qualify as a REIT under the
Code. In furtherance of the foregoing,
the Board of Directors shall use its reasonable best efforts to take such
actions as are necessary or appropriate, and may take such actions as in its
sole judgment and discretion are advisable, to preserve the status of the
Company as a REIT; provided , however , that if a majority of the
Board of Directors (including a majority of the Independent Directors)
determines that it is no longer in the best interest of the Company to qualify
as a REIT, the Board of Directors may revoke or otherwise terminate the Company&#146;s
REIT election pursuant to Section 856(g) of the Code or any successor
section. The Board of Directors also may
determine that compliance with any restriction or limitation on stock ownership
and transfers set forth in Article VIII is no longer required for REIT
qualification. 

 (c) Authorization by Board of
Directors of Stock Issuance . The
Board of Directors may authorize the issuance from time to time of shares of
Equity Stock of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, or securities
or rights convertible into shares of its Equity Stock of any class or series,
whether now or hereafter authorized, for such consideration as the Board of
Directors may deem advisable (or without 

 13 

 consideration
in the case of a stock split or stock dividend), subject to any restrictions or
limits set forth in these Articles or the Bylaws. 

 (d) Distributions . The Company may pay Distributions to its
Stockholders, as declared from time to time by the Board of Directors. The Company may use Cash Flow received during
prior periods, or Cash Flow received subsequent to the declaration date for the
Distribution but prior to the payment date of the Distribution, to pay the
Distribution. 

 Concurrently
with any Distribution, the Company shall file a Form 8-K or other appropriate
form or report with the Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise provide
Stockholders with a statement disclosing the source of the funds
distributed. If such information is not
available concurrently with the making of a Distribution, a statement setting
forth the reasons why such information is not available shall be provided
concurrently. In no event shall such
information be provided to Stockholders more than sixty (60) days after the close
of the fiscal year in which the Distribution was paid. 

 The Company
may not pay distributions in-kind, except for Distributions of: (i) readily marketable securities; (ii)
beneficial interests in a liquidating trust established for the dissolution of
the Company and the liquidation of its assets; or (iii) Distributions of
in-kind property that meet all of the following conditions: (a) the Company advises each Stockholder of
the risks associated with direct ownership of the in-kind property; (b) the Company
offers each Stockholder the election of receiving in-kind property
Distributions; and (c) the Company distributes in-kind property only to those
Stockholders who accept the Company&#146;s offer. 

 The Company
shall endeavor to declare and pay such Distributions as shall be necessary
under the Code to maintain the Company&#146;s qualification as a REIT; provided ,
 however , that Stockholders shall have no right to any Distribution
unless and until declared by the Board of Directors. The exercise of the powers and rights of the
Board of Directors pursuant to this Section 6.5(d) shall be subject to
the provisions of any class or series of Equity Stock at the time
outstanding. The receipt by any Person
in whose name any shares of Equity Stock are registered on the records of the
Company or by his, her or its duly authorized agent shall be a sufficient
discharge for all Distributions payable or deliverable in respect of such
shares of Equity Stock and from all liability related to the application
thereof. 

 (e) Distribution Reinvestment Plan .
The Company may adopt a distribution reinvestment plan on such terms and
conditions as shall be determined by the Board of Directors; provided , however ,
that any such plan shall, at a minimum, provide for the following: (i) all material information regarding the
Distribution to the Stockholder and the effect of reinvesting such
Distribution, including the tax consequences thereof, shall be provided to the
Stockholder at least annually; and (ii) each Stockholder participating in the
distribution reinvestment plan shall have a reasonable opportunity to withdraw
from the distribution reinvestment plan at least annually after receipt of the
information required in subclause (i) above. 

 14 

 (f) Determination of Reasonableness
of Fees and Expenses . The Independent Directors shall determine from time
to time, but at least annually, that the total fees and expenses of the Company
are reasonable in the light of the investment performance of the Company, its
Net Assets, its Net Income, and the fees and expenses of other comparable unaffiliated
companies. Each determination shall be
reflected in the minutes of a meeting of the Board of Directors. 

 (g) Review of Investment Policies . The Board of Directors shall establish
written policies on investments and borrowing and shall monitor the administrative
procedures, investment operations and performance of the Company and the
Business Manager. The Independent
Directors shall review these policies, with sufficient frequency and at least
annually, to determine that the policies being followed by the Company at any
time are in the best interests of the Stockholders. Each determination and the basis therefor
shall be set forth in the minutes of a meeting of the Board of Directors. 

 (h) Determination of Consideration . The consideration paid for the Real Estate
Assets acquired by the Company shall ordinarily be based upon the fair market
value of the Real Estate Assets and approved by a majority of the Directors
(including a majority of the Independent Directors). In cases in which a majority of the
Independent Directors so determine, or if Real Estate Assets are acquired from
a Sponsor, Business Manager, Director or any of their Affiliates pursuant to Section
7.7 hereof, the fair market value shall be as determined by a qualified
independent real estate appraiser selected by the Independent Directors. 

 (i) Business Management Agreement;
Business Manager Compensation . 
Subject to the approval of a majority of the Directors, including a
majority of the Independent Directors, the Company may enter into a Business
Management Agreement for an initial one (1) year term subject to successive
one-year renewals upon the mutual consent of the parties including an
affirmative vote of a majority of the Independent Directors; provided 
that the Business Management Agreement shall be terminable by mutual consent of
the parties or by the Company upon the vote of a majority of the Independent
Directors by providing sixty (60) days&#146; written notice to the Business
Manager. The Independent Directors shall
determine from time to time, and at least annually, that the compensation that
the Company contracts to pay to the Business Manager is reasonable in relation
to the nature and quality of services performed or to be performed and is
within the limits prescribed by these Articles and applicable law. The Independent Directors also shall
supervise the performance of the Business Manager to determine that the
Business Manager possesses sufficient qualifications to perform the business management
functions for the Company and to justify the compensation paid to it by the
Company as well as to confirm compliance with the provisions of the Business
Management Agreement. The Directors,
including the Independent Directors, shall evaluate the performance of the
Business Manager before renewing the Business Management Agreement, based upon
the following factors and all other factors that the Independent Directors may
deem relevant, all of which shall be recorded in the minutes of a meeting of
the Board of Directors: (i) the size of the
Business Management Fee in relation to the size, composition and profitability
of the Company&#146;s assets; (ii) the success 

 15 

 of the
Business Manager in generating opportunities that meet the investment
objectives of the Company; (iii) the rates charged to other REITs and to
investors other than REITs by business managers or advisors performing similar
services; (iv) the amount of additional revenues realized by the Business
Manager and its Affiliates through their relationship with the Company
including loan administration, underwriting or broker commissions, servicing,
engineering, inspection and other fees, whether paid by the Company or by
others with whom the Company does business; (v) the quality and extent of
service and advice furnished by the Business Manager; (vi) the performance of
the investment portfolio of the Company, including income, conservation or
appreciation of capital, frequency of problem investments and competence in
dealing with distress situations; and (vii) the quality of the investment
portfolio of the Company in relationship to the investments generated by the
Business Manager for its own account. 
Payments to the Business Manager or its Affiliates for services rendered
in a capacity other than as business manager may be made only upon a
determination that: (A) the compensation
does not exceed the compensation paid for any comparable services; and (B) the
compensation is not greater than the charges for comparable services available
from others who are competent and not affiliated with any of the parties. 

 (j) Reserved Powers of Board of
Directors . The Board of Directors,
without any action by the Stockholders of the Company, shall have and may
exercise, on behalf of the Company, without limitation, the exclusive power to
adopt, alter, amend and repeal any provision of the Bylaws and to make new
Bylaws. 

 (k) Share Repurchase Program . The Company may adopt a SRP to repurchase
shares of Common Stock on such terms and conditions as shall be determined by
the Board of Directors; provided , however , that in no event shall
the Sponsor, the Business Manager, the Directors or any of their Affiliates
receive a fee on the repurchase of shares of Common Stock by the Company under
the SRP. The Company shall bear all
costs involved in organizing, administering and maintaining the SRP. 

 Section 6.6 Performance
of Duties . A Director shall perform
his or her duties as a Director, including his or her duties as a member of a
committee of the Board of Directors on which he or she serves, in accordance with
Maryland law. 

 Section 6.7 Fiduciary
Duty . The Directors and Business
Manager shall be deemed to be in a fiduciary relationship to the Company and
the Stockholders. The Directors also
shall have a fiduciary duty to the Stockholders to supervise the relationship
of the Company with the Business Manager. 

 Section 6.8 Determinations
By Board of Directors . The
determination as to any of the following matters made in good faith by, or
pursuant to the direction of, the Board of Directors consistent with these
Articles and in the absence of actual receipt of an improper benefit in money,
property or services or active and deliberate dishonesty established by a
court, shall be final and conclusive and shall be binding upon the Company and
every Stockholder: (i) the amount of the
Net Income of the Company for any period and the amount of assets at any time
legally available to pay Distributions or redeem Equity Stock; (ii) the amount
of paid-in surplus, Net Assets, other surplus, annual or other net profit, net assets
in excess of capital, undivided 

 16 

 profits or excess of profits over losses on sales of assets; (iii) the
amount, purpose, time of creation, increase or decrease, alteration or
cancellation of any reserves or charges and the propriety thereof (whether or
not any obligation or liability for which such reserves or charges shall have
been created shall have been paid or discharged); (iv) the fair value, or any
sale, bid or asked price to be applied in determining the fair value, of any
asset owned or held by the Company; (v) any matters relating to acquiring,
holding and disposing of any assets by the Company; or (vi) any other matter
relating to the business and affairs of the Company. 

 ARTICLE VII 
PROVISIONS FOR DEFINING, LIMITING AND 
REGULATING CERTAIN POWERS OF THE COMPANY 
AND OF ITS DIRECTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS 

 Until such time as the Board of Directors
shall determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, that it is no longer in
the best interests of the Company or the Stockholders that the Company continue
to operate as a REIT, or until such time as the Company shall fail to qualify
as a REIT: 

 Section 7.1 Limitation
on Organization and Offering Expenses . 
The Organization and Offering Expenses paid in connection with forming
the Company or selling shares of Equity Stock shall be reasonable and shall in
no event exceed fifteen percent (15.0%) of the proceeds raised in the offering. 

 Section 7.2 Limitation
on Acquisition Fees and Expenses . 
The total of all Acquisition Fees and Acquisition Expenses paid by the
Company in connection with the acquisition of a Real Estate Asset by the
Company shall be reasonable, and shall in no event exceed, in the case of a
Real Estate Asset other than a Loan, an amount equal to six percent (6.0%) of
the Contract Price of any Real Estate Asset acquired or, in the case of a Loan,
six percent (6.0%) of the funds advanced; provided , however , that
a majority of the Directors (including the majority of the Independent
Directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction may approve fees and
expenses exceeding these limits if they determine the transaction to be
commercially competitive, fair and reasonable to the Company. 

 Section 7.3 Limitation
on Total Operating Expenses . The
annual Total Operating Expenses shall not exceed, in any fiscal year, the
greater of two percent (2.0%) of Average Invested Assets or twenty-five percent
(25.0%) of Net Income for that fiscal year. 
The Independent Directors have a fiduciary responsibility to limit annual
Total Operating Expenses to amounts that do not exceed the limitations
described above. The Independent
Directors may, however, determine that a higher level of Total Operating
Expenses is justified in any particular period because of unusual and non-recurring
expenses. Any such finding by the
Independent Directors, and the reasons in support thereof, shall be recorded in
the minutes of a meeting of the Board of Directors. The Company shall send written notice to each
record holder of Equity Stock if, within sixty (60) days after the end of any
fiscal quarter, Total Operating Expenses (for the twelve (12) months then
ended) exceed two percent (2.0%) of Average Invested Assets or twenty-five
percent (25.0%) of Net Income, whichever is greater. If the Independent Directors determine that
the higher Total Operating Expenses are justified, the disclosure must also
contain an explanation of the Independent Directors&#146; conclusion. If the Total Operating Expenses 

 17 

 exceed the limits described above, and if the Independent Directors are
unable to conclude that the excess was justified then, within sixty (60) days
after the end of the Company&#146;s fiscal year, the Business Manager shall
reimburse the Company the amount by which the aggregate annual Total Operating
Expenses paid or incurred by the Company exceed the greater of the limitations
set forth in this Section 7.3 . 

 Section 7.4 Limitation
on Real Estate Commissions . If the
Company sells Property, the Company may pay a Competitive Real Estate
Commission, which shall not in the aggregate exceed the lesser of the
Competitive Real Estate Commission or an amount equal to six percent (6.0%) of
the gross sales price of the Property; provided that, the amount of any
brokerage fees payable to the Business Manager or any Affiliate thereof shall
not exceed the lesser of (i) one-half of the Competitive Real Estate
Commission; or (ii) three percent (3.0%) of the gross sales price of a Property
and shall be paid only if such person provides a substantial amount of services
in connection with the sale of the Property. 

 Section 7.5 Limitation
on Business Management Fee . After
the Stockholders have received a non-cumulative, non-compounded return of five
percent (5.0%) per annum on their Invested Capital, the Company may pay, in any
fiscal year, the Business Manager a Business Management Fee in an amount up to
one percent (1.0%) of the Average Invested Assets, payable quarterly in an
amount equal to one-quarter of one percent (0.25%) of the Average Invested
Assets as of the last day of the immediately preceding quarter. The Business Management Fee shall be
reasonable in relation to the nature and quality of services performed by the
Business Manager. All or any portion of
the Business Management Fee not paid in any fiscal year shall be deferred
without interest and may, subject to the provisions of this Section 7.5 ,
be paid in the next succeeding fiscal year(s). 

 Section 7.6 Limitation
on Incentive Fees . After the Stockholders have received a cumulative,
non-compounded return of ten percent (10.0%) on, plus return of, their Invested
Capital, the Company may pay the Business Manager an incentive fee (an &#147;Incentive
Fee&#148;) equal to fifteen percent (15.0%) of the net proceeds from the sale of a
Real Estate Asset, including assets owned by a Real Estate Operating Company
acquired by the Company and operated as a subsidiary. If the Company retains more than one person
or entity to serve as Business Manager, any Incentive Fees that may be paid
under this Section 7.6 shall be allocated among the persons or entities
serving as the Business Manager in the manner that is reasonably designed to
reflect the value added to the Company&#146;s assets by each respective Business
Manager. 

 Section 7.7 Limitation
on Transactions with Affiliates . 

 (a) Sales and Leases to Company . The Company shall not purchase Real Estate
Assets from the Sponsor, the Business Manager, any Property Manager, a Director
or any Affiliate thereof, unless a majority of Directors (including a majority
of Independent Directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction approves
the transaction as being fair and reasonable to the Company and the price for
the Real Estate Assets is no greater than the cost paid by the Sponsor, the
Business Manager, the Property Manager, a Director or any Affiliate for the
Real Estate Assets, unless substantial justification for the excess exists and
the excess is reasonable. In no event 

 18 

 shall the cost
of any Real Estate Asset to the Company exceed its appraised value at the time
the Real Estate Asset is acquired by the Company. 

 (b) Sales and Leases to the Sponsor,
the Business Manager, any Property Manager, a Director or any Affiliate .
The Company shall not sell assets to, or lease assets from, the Sponsor, the
Business Manager, any Property Manager, a Director or any Affiliate thereof,
unless the sale or lease is approved by a majority of Directors, including a
majority of Independent Directors not otherwise interested in the transaction,
as being fair and reasonable to the Company. 

 (c) Loans . The Company shall not make any loans to the
Sponsor, the Business Manager, any Property Manager, a Director or any
Affiliate thereof or to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company except in
accordance with applicable law and as provided in Article IX 
hereof. The Company may not borrow money
from the Sponsor, the Business Manager, any Property Manager, a Director or any
Affiliate thereof or to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, unless a
majority of Directors (including a majority of Independent Directors) not
otherwise interested in the transaction approves the loan as being fair,
competitive and commercially reasonable and no less favorable to the Company
than a loan from an unaffiliated party under the same circumstances; provided 
that for these purposes, amounts owed but not yet paid by the Company under the
Business Management Agreement, or any property management agreement, shall not
constitute amounts advanced pursuant to a loan. 

 (d) Investments . The Company shall not invest in joint
ventures with the Sponsor, the Business Manager, any Property Manager, a
Director or any Affiliate thereof as a partner, unless a majority of Directors
(including a majority of Independent Directors) not otherwise interested in the
transaction approves the investment as being fair and reasonable to the Company
and on substantially the same terms and conditions as those received by other
joint venturers. The Company shall not
invest in equity securities unless a majority of Directors (including a
majority of Independent Directors) not otherwise interested in such transaction
approve the transaction as being fair, competitive, and commercially
reasonable; provided , that investments in equity securities in &#147;publicly
traded entities&#148; that are otherwise approved by a majority of Directors
(including a majority of Independent Directors) shall be deemed fair,
competitive and commercially reasonable if the Company acquires the equity
securities through a trade that is effected in a recognized securities
market. For these purposes, a &#147;publicly-traded
entity&#148; shall mean any entity having securities listed on a national securities
exchange or included for quotation on an inter-dealer quotation system. 

 (e) Other Transactions . All other transactions between the Company
and the Sponsor, the Business Manager, any Property Manager, a Director or any
Affiliate thereof shall require approval by a majority of the Directors
(including a majority of Independent Directors) not otherwise interested in the
transaction as being fair and reasonable to the Company and on terms and
conditions not less favorable to the Company than those available from an
unaffiliated third party. 

 19 

 Section 7.8 Limitation
on Borrowing . The Company may not
borrow money to pay Distributions except as necessary to satisfy the
requirement that the Company distribute at least the percentage of its REIT
taxable income required for annual distribution by the Code or otherwise as
necessary, appropriate or advisable to assure that the Company maintains its
qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. The aggregate borrowings of the Company,
secured and unsecured, shall be reasonable in relation to the Net Assets of the
Company and shall be reviewed by the Board of Directors at least
quarterly. The aggregate amount of Company
borrowings shall not, in the absence of a satisfactory showing that a higher
level of borrowing is appropriate, exceed three hundred percent (300.0%) of Net
Assets; provided further , that the Company shall not issue any
Preferred Stock without the approval of a majority of the holders of Common
Stock present at a duly convened meeting of the Stockholders if, after giving
effect to the issuance of the Preferred Stock, the Company&#146;s aggregate
borrowings, including amounts payable by the Company in respect of the
Preferred Stock, would exceed three hundred percent (300.0%) of Net
Assets. Any excess in borrowing over
three hundred percent (300.0%) of Net Assets level must be approved by a
majority of the Independent Directors and disclosed to Stockholders in the
Company&#146;s next quarterly report to Stockholders, along with justification for
the excess. 

 Section 7.9 Suitability
of Stockholders . 

 (a) Income and Net Worth Standards . Any Person purchasing shares of Equity Stock
shall have (i) a minimum annual gross income of $45,000 and a minimum net worth
of $45,000, or (ii) a minimum net worth of $150,000 at the time they make an
investment in the Company. Net worth
shall be determined by excluding the value of home, home furnishings and
automobiles. In the case of sales to
fiduciary accounts, these minimum standards shall be met by the beneficiary,
the fiduciary account, or by the donor or grantor who directly or indirectly
supplies the funds to purchase the shares of Equity Stock if the donor or
grantor is the fiduciary. 

 (b) Determination that Sale to
Stockholder is Suitable and Appropriate . 
The Dealer Manager and each Person selling shares of Equity Stock on
behalf of the Dealer Manager or Company shall make every reasonable effort to
determine that the purchase of shares of Equity Stock is a suitable and
appropriate investment for each Person purchasing Equity Stock. In making this determination, the Dealer
Manager or each Person selling shares of Equity Stock on behalf of the Dealer
Manager or the Company shall ascertain that the Person: (i) meets the minimum
income and net worth standards established for the Company in Section 7.9(a) 
hereof; (ii) can reasonably benefit from an investment in the Company based on
the Person&#146;s overall investment objectives and portfolio structure; (iii) is
able to bear the economic risk of the investment based on the Person&#146;s overall
financial situation; and (iv) has apparent understanding of: (A) the
fundamental risks of investment; (B) the risk that the Person may lose the
entire investment; (C) the lack of liquidity of shares of Equity Stock; (D) the
restrictions on transferability of shares of Equity Stock; (E) the background
and qualification of the Sponsor or the Business Manager; and (F) the tax
consequences of the investment. The
Dealer Manager may require additional minimum initial and subsequent cash
investment amounts. 

 20 

 ARTICLE VIII 
RESTRICTION ON TRANSFER AND OWNERSHIP OF SHARES 

 Section 8.1 Definitions. For the purpose of this Article VIII only,
the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

 &#147; Aggregate
Stock Ownership Limit &#148; means not more than 9.8% in value of the
aggregate of the outstanding shares of Equity Stock. The value of the outstanding shares of Equity
Stock shall be determined by the Board of Directors in good faith, which determination
shall be conclusive for all purposes hereof. 

 &#147; Beneficial
Ownership &#148; means ownership of shares of Equity Stock by a Person,
whether the interest in the shares of Equity Stock is held directly or
indirectly (including by a nominee), and shall include interests that would be
treated as owned through the application of Section 544 of the Code, as
modified by Section 856(h)(1)(B) of the Code. 
The terms &#147;Beneficial Owner,&#148; &#147;Beneficially Owns&#148; and &#147;Beneficially
Owned&#148; shall have correlative meanings. 

 &#147; Business
Day &#148; means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither
a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions in the State of New
York are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close. 

 &#147; Charitable
Beneficiary &#148; means one or more beneficiaries of the Trust as
determined pursuant to Section 8.3(f) hereof; provided that each
such organization must be described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Code and
contributions to each such organization must be eligible for deduction under each
of Sections 170(b)(1)(A), 2055 and 2522 of the Code. 

 &#147; Common
Stock Ownership Limit &#148; means not more than 9.8% (in value or in
number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the aggregate of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company. The number and value of outstanding shares of
Common Stock of the Company shall be determined by the Board of Directors in
good faith, which determination shall be conclusive for all purposes hereof. 

 &#147; Constructive
Ownership &#148; means ownership of shares of Equity Stock by a Person,
whether the interest in the shares of Equity Stock is held directly or
indirectly (including by a nominee), and shall include interests that would be
treated as owned through the application of Section 318(a) of the Code, as
modified by Section 856(d)(5) of the Code. 
The terms &#147;Constructive Owner,&#148; &#147;Constructively Owns&#148; and &#147;Constructively
Owned&#148; shall have correlative meanings. 

 &#147; Excepted
Holder &#148; means a Stockholder of the Company for whom an Excepted
Holder Limit is created by these Articles or by the Board of Directors pursuant
to Section 8.2(f) hereof. 

 &#147; Excepted
Holder Limit &#148; means holder of Equity Stock that agrees to comply
with the requirements and percentage limit established by the Board of
Directors pursuant to Section 8.2(f) hereof, subject to adjustment
pursuant to Section 8.2(g) hereof. 

 &#147; Initial
Date &#148; means the date upon which these Articles are filed with the
SDAT. 

 21 

 &#147; NYSE &#148; means the New York Stock Exchange. 

 &#147; Person &#148; means any individual, corporation, partnership,
estate, trust (including a trust qualified under Sections 401(a) or 501(c)(17)
of the Code), a portion of a trust permanently set aside for or to be used exclusively
for the purposes described in Section 642(c) of the Code, association, private
foundation within the meaning of Section 509(a) of the Code, joint stock
company, partnership, limited liability company, any other legal or commercial
entity, a group as that term is used for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) of the
Exchange Act or a group to which an Excepted Holder Limit applies. 

 &#147; Prohibited Owner &#148; means, with respect to any purported
Transfer, any Person who, but for the provisions of Section 8.2(a) hereof,
would Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Equity Stock, and if
appropriate in the context, shall also mean any Person who would have been the
record owner of the shares that the Prohibited Owner would have so owned. 

 &#147; Restriction Termination Date &#148; means the first day after the
Initial Date on which the Board of Directors determines, pursuant to Section
6.5(b) hereof, that it is no longer in the best interests of the Company to
attempt to, or continue to, qualify as a REIT or that compliance with the
restrictions and limitations on Beneficial Ownership, Constructive Ownership
and Transfers of shares of Equity Stock set forth in this Article VIII 
are no longer required for the Company to qualify as a REIT. 

 &#147; Transfer &#148; means any issuance, sale, transfer, gift,
assignment, devise or other disposition of, as well as any other event that
causes any Person to acquire Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of,
or any agreement to acquire Equity Stock or the right to vote or receive
Distributions or dividends on Equity Stock, including, without limitation, (i)
the granting or exercise of any option (or any disposition of any option), (ii)
any disposition of any securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable
for Equity Stock or any interest in Equity Stock or any exercise of any such
conversion or exchange right and (iii) Transfers of interests in other entities
that result in changes in Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of
Equity Stock; in each case, whether voluntary or involuntary, whether owned of
record, Constructively Owned or Beneficially Owned and whether by operation of
law or otherwise. The terms &#147;Transferring&#148; and &#147;Transferred&#148; shall have
correlative meanings. 

 &#147; Trust &#148; means any separate trust created and administered in
accordance with the terms of Section 8.3 hereof for the exclusive
benefit of any Charitable Beneficiary. 

 &#147; Trustee &#148; means the Person unaffiliated with both the Company
and a Prohibited Owner, that is appointed by the Company to serve as trustee of
the Trust. 

 Section 8.2 Equity
Stock . 

 (a) Ownership
Limitations . During the period commencing on the Initial Date and prior to
the Restriction Termination Date: 

 (i) Basic
Restrictions . (A) (1) No Person, other than an Excepted Holder, shall
Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Equity Stock in excess of the
Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, (2) no Person, other than an 

 22 

 Excepted
Holder, shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Common Stock in
excess of the Common Stock Ownership Limit and (3) no Excepted Holder shall
Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Equity Stock in excess of the
Excepted Holder Limit for such Excepted Holder; (B) no Person shall
Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Equity Stock to the extent
that such Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Equity Stock would
result in the Company being &#147;closely held&#148; within the meaning of Section 856(h)
of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during
the last half of a taxable year), or otherwise fail to qualify as a REIT
(including, but not limited to, Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership
that would result in the Company actually owning or Constructively Owning an
interest in a tenant that is described in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code if
the income derived by the Company from the tenant would cause the Company to
fail to satisfy any of the gross income requirements of Section 856(c) of the
Code); (C) notwithstanding any other provisions contained herein, any Transfer
of shares of Equity Stock (whether or not the Transfer is the result of a
transaction entered into through the facilities of the NYSE or any other
national securities exchange or automated inter-dealer quotation system) that,
if effective, would result in the Equity Stock being beneficially owned by less
than one hundred (100) Persons (determined under the principles of Section
856(a)(5) of the Code) shall be void ab initio , and
the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such shares of Equity Stock. 

 (ii) Transfer in
Trust . If any Transfer of shares of Equity Stock (whether or not such
Transfer is the result of a transaction entered into through the facilities of
the NYSE or any other national securities exchange or automated inter-dealer
quotation system) occurs that, if effective, would result in any Person
Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning shares of Equity Stock in
violation of Section 8.2(a)(i) hereof, then (A) that number of shares of
the Equity Stock the Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of which
otherwise would cause such Person to violate Section 8.2(a)(i) hereof
(rounded up to the next whole share) shall be automatically transferred to a
Trust for the benefit of a Charitable Beneficiary, as described in Section
8.3 hereof, effective as of the close of business on the Business Day
immediately preceding the date of such Transfer, and such Person shall acquire
no rights in such shares; or (B) if the transfer to the Trust described in
subclause (A) of this sentence would not be effective for any reason to prevent
the violation of Section 8.2(a)(i) hereof, then the Transfer of that
number of shares of Equity Stock that otherwise would cause any Person to
violate Section 8.2(a)(i) hereof shall be void ab initio ,
and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such shares of Equity
Stock. 

 (b) Remedies for
Breach . If the Board of Directors shall at any time determine in good faith
that a Transfer or other event has taken place that results in a violation of Section
8.2(a) hereof or that a Person intends to acquire or has attempted to
acquire Beneficial or Constructive Ownership of any shares of Equity Stock in
violation of Section 8.2(a) hereof (whether or not such violation is
intended), the Board of Directors shall take such action as it deems advisable
to refuse to give effect to or to 

 23 

 prevent such
Transfer or other event, including, without limitation, refusing to give effect
to such Transfer on the books and records of the Company or instituting
proceedings to enjoin such Transfer or other event; provided , however ,
that any Transfer or attempted Transfer or other event in violation of Section
8.2(a) hereof shall automatically result in the transfer to the Trust
described above, and, where applicable, such Transfer (or other event) shall be
void ab initio as provided in Section
8.2(a) hereof irrespective of any action (or non-action) by the Board of
Directors. 

 (c) Owners Required
to Provide Information . From the Initial Date and prior to the Restriction
Termination Date: 

 (i) every owner of more
than five percent (5.0%) (or such lower percentage as required by the Code) of
the outstanding shares of Equity Stock shall, within thirty (30) days after the
end of each taxable year, give written notice to the Company stating the name
and address of such owner, the number of shares of Equity Stock Beneficially
Owned and a description of the manner in which the shares are held and any
additional information as the Company may request in order to determine the
effect, if any, of such Beneficial Ownership on the Company&#146;s status as a REIT
and to ensure compliance with the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit; and 

 (ii) each Person who is
a Beneficial Owner or Constructive Owner of Equity Stock and each Person
(including the stockholder of record) who is holding Equity Stock for a
Beneficial Owner or Constructive Owner shall provide to the Company such
information as the Company may request, in good faith, in order to determine
the Company&#146;s status as a REIT and to comply with requirements of any taxing
authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance. 

 (d) Remedies Not
Limited . Nothing contained in this Section 8.2 shall limit the
authority of the Board of Directors to take such other action as it deems
necessary or advisable to protect the Company and the interests of its
stockholders in preserving the Company&#146;s status as a REIT. 

 (e) Ambiguity . In
the case of an ambiguity in the application of any of the provisions of this Article
VIII , or any definition contained in this Article VIII , the Board of
Directors shall have the power to determine the application of the provisions
of this Article VIII or any such definition with respect to any
situation based on the facts known to the Board. In the event any section of
this Article VIII requires an action by the Board of Directors and these
Articles fail to provide specific guidance with respect to such action, the
Board of Directors shall have the power to determine the action to be taken so
long as such action is not contrary to the provisions of these Articles or the
MGCL. 

 (f) Exceptions . 

 (i) Subject to Section
8.2(a)(i)(B) hereof, the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may
exempt a Person from the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit 

 24 

 and the Common
Stock Ownership Limit, as the case may be, and may establish or increase an
Excepted Holder Limit for such Person if: (i) the Board of Directors obtains
such representations and undertakings from the Person that its Beneficial
Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Equity Stock will not violate Section
8.2(a)(i)(B) hereof; (ii) such Person does not, and represents that it will
not, actually own or Constructively Own, an interest in a tenant of the Company
(or a tenant of any entity owned or controlled by the Company) that would cause
the Company to actually own, or Constructively Own, more than a 9.9% interest
(as set forth in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code) in such tenant and the Board
of Directors obtains such representations and undertakings from the Person as
are reasonably necessary to ascertain this fact (for this purpose, a tenant
from whom the Company (or an entity owned or controlled by the Company) derives
(and is expected to continue to derive) a sufficiently small amount of revenue
such that, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, rent from such tenant
would not adversely affect the Company&#146;s ability to qualify as a REIT, shall
not be treated as a tenant of the Company); and (iii) such Person agrees that
any violation or attempted violation of such covenants (or other action that is
contrary to the restrictions contained in this Article VIII ) will result
in such shares of Equity Stock being automatically transferred to a Trust in
accordance with Section 8.2(a)(ii) and Section 8.3 hereof. 

 (ii) Prior to granting
any exception pursuant to Section 8.2(f)(i) hereof, the Board of
Directors may require a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or an opinion
of counsel, in either case in form and substance satisfactory to the Board of
Directors in its sole discretion, as it may deem necessary or advisable in
order to determine or ensure the Company&#146;s status as a REIT. Notwithstanding
the receipt of any ruling or opinion, the Board of Directors may impose such
conditions or restrictions as it deems appropriate in connection with granting
such exception. 

 (iii) Subject to Section
8.2(a)(i)(B) hereof, any person acting as an underwriter who participates
in a public offering or a private placement of Equity Stock (or securities
convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Stock) may Beneficially Own or
Constructively Own shares of Equity Stock (or securities convertible into or
exchangeable for Equity Stock) in excess of the Aggregate Stock Ownership
Limit, the Common Stock Ownership Limit, or both such limits, but only to the
extent the person acts as an underwriter in connection with the public offering
or private placement. 

 (iv) Nothing in this Article
VIII to the contrary, this Article VIII shall not apply to the
Initial Investment. 

 (v) The Board of
Directors may only reduce the Excepted Holder Limit for an Excepted Holder: (1)
with the written consent of such Excepted Holder at any time; or (2) pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the agreements and undertakings entered into
with such Excepted Holder in connection with the establishment of the Excepted
Holder Limit for that Excepted Holder. No 

 25 

 Excepted
Holder Limit shall be reduced to a percentage that is less than the Common
Stock Ownership Limit. 

 (g) Increase in
Aggregate Stock Ownership and Common Stock Ownership Limits . The Board of
Directors may from time to time increase the Common Stock Ownership Limit and
the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit. 

 (h) Legend . Except
as otherwise provided in these Articles or the Bylaws, nothing in this Section
8.2(h) shall be interpreted to limit the authority of the Board of
Directors to issue some or all of the shares of any or all of the classes or
series of Equity Stock of the Company without certificates. Each certificate
for shares of Equity Stock (if any are issued) shall bear substantially the
following legend: 

 The shares represented by this certificate are subject to restrictions
on Beneficial Ownership and Constructive Ownership and Transfer for the purpose
of the Company&#146;s maintenance of its status as a Real Estate Investment Trust under
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the &#147;Code&#148;). Subject to certain
further restrictions and except as expressly provided in the Company&#146;s
Articles: (i) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of
the Company&#146;s Common Stock in excess of 9.8% (in value or number of shares) of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company unless such Person is an
Excepted Holder (in which case the Excepted Holder Limit shall be applicable);
(ii) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Equity
Stock of the Company in excess of 9.8% of the value of the total outstanding
shares of Equity Stock of the Company, unless such Person is an Excepted Holder
(in which case the Excepted Holder Limit shall be applicable); (iii) no Person
may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Equity Stock that would result in
the Company being &#147;closely held&#148; under Section 856(h) of the Code or otherwise
cause the Company to fail to qualify as a REIT; and (iv) no Person may Transfer
shares of Equity Stock if such Transfer would result in the Equity Stock of the
Company being owned by fewer than one hundred (100) Persons. Any Person who
Beneficially Owns or Constructively Owns or attempts to Beneficially Own or
Constructively Own shares of Equity Stock that causes or will cause a Person to
Beneficially or Constructively Own shares of Equity Stock in excess or in
violation of the above limitations must immediately notify the Company. If any
of the restrictions on transfer or ownership are violated, the shares of Equity
Stock represented hereby will be automatically transferred to a Trustee of a
Trust for the benefit of one or more Charitable Beneficiaries. In addition,
upon the occurrence of certain events, attempted Transfers in violation of the
restrictions described above may be void ab initio . All
capitalized terms in this legend have the meanings defined in the Articles of
the Company, as the same may be amended from time to time, a copy of which,
including the restrictions on transfer and ownership, will be furnished to each
holder of Equity Stock of the Company on request and without charge. 

 26 

 Section 8.3 Transfer
of Equity Stock in Trust . 

 (a) Ownership in
Trust . Upon any purported Transfer or other event described in Section
8.2(a) hereof that would result in a transfer of shares of Equity Stock to
a Trust, the shares of Equity Stock shall be deemed to have been transferred to
the Trustee as trustee of a Trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more
Charitable Beneficiaries. The transfer to the Trustee shall be deemed to be
effective as of the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding
the date of the purported Transfer or other event that results in the transfer
to the Trust pursuant to Section 8.2(a)(ii) hereof. The Trustee shall be
appointed by the Company and shall be a Person unaffiliated with both the
Company and any Prohibited Owner. Each Charitable Beneficiary shall be
designated by the Company as provided in Section 8.3(f) . 

 (b) Status of Shares
of Equity Stock Held by the Trustee . Shares of Equity Stock held by the
Trustee shall be treated as issued and outstanding shares of Equity Stock of
the Company. The Prohibited Owner shall have no rights in the shares held by
the Trustee. The Prohibited Owner shall not benefit economically from ownership
of any shares held in trust by the Trustee, shall have no rights to dividends
or other Distributions and shall not possess any rights to vote or other rights
attributable to the shares of Equity Stock held in the Trust. 

 (c) Dividend and
Voting Rights . The Trustee shall have all voting rights and rights to
dividends or other Distributions with respect to shares of Equity Stock held in
the Trust, which rights shall be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the
Charitable Beneficiary. Any dividend or other Distribution paid prior to the
discovery by the Company that the shares of Equity Stock have been transferred
to the Trustee shall be paid by the recipient of such dividend or other
Distribution to the Trustee upon demand and any dividend or other Distribution
authorized but unpaid shall be paid when due to the Trustee. The Prohibited
Owner shall have no voting rights with respect to shares held in the Trust and,
subject to applicable law, effective as of the date that the shares of Equity
Stock have been transferred to the Trustee, the Trustee shall have the
authority (at the Trustee&#146;s sole discretion), assuming that the meeting or
consent period has not otherwise been finally adjourned, (i) to rescind as void
any proxy submitted or any vote cast by a Prohibited Owner prior to the
discovery by the Company that the shares of Equity Stock have been transferred
to the Trustee and (ii) to resubmit a proxy or recast any vote in accordance
with the desires of the Trustee acting for the benefit of the Charitable
Beneficiary. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article VIII , until
the Company has received notification that shares of Equity Stock have been
transferred into a Trust, the Company shall be entitled to rely on its share
transfer and other stockholder records for purposes of preparing lists of
stockholders entitled to vote at meetings, determining the validity and
authority of proxies and otherwise conducting votes of stockholders. 

 (d) Sale of Shares of
Equity Stock by Trustee . Within twenty (20) days of receiving notice from
the Company that shares of Equity Stock have been transferred to the Trust, the
Trustee of the Trust shall sell the shares held in the Trust to a Person,
designated by the Trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the
ownership 

 27 

 limitations
set forth in Section 8.2(a) hereof. Upon such sale, the interest of the
Charitable Beneficiary in the shares sold shall terminate and the Trustee shall
distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Prohibited Owner and to the
Charitable Beneficiary as provided in this Section 8.3(d) . The
Prohibited Owner shall receive the lesser of: (1) the price paid by the
Prohibited Owner for the shares or, if the Prohibited Owner did not give value
for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares to be held in
the Trust (e.g., in the case of a gift, devise or other such transaction), the
Market Price of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be
held in the Trust; and (2) the price per share received by the Trustee from the
sale or other disposition of the shares held in the Trust. Any net sales
proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner shall be
immediately paid to the Charitable Beneficiary. If, prior to the discovery by the
Company that shares of Equity Stock have been transferred to the Trustee, such
shares are sold by a Prohibited Owner, then: (1) such shares shall be deemed to
have been sold on behalf of the Trust; and (2) to the extent that the
Prohibited Owner received an amount for such shares that exceeds the amount
that such Prohibited Owner was entitled to receive pursuant to this Section
8.3(d) , the excess shall be paid to the Trustee upon demand. 

 (e) Purchase Right in
Stock Transferred to the Trustee . Shares of Equity Stock transferred to the
Trustee shall be deemed to have been offered for sale to the Company, or its
designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of: (i) the price per share
in the transaction that resulted in the transfer to the Trust (or, in the case
of a devise or gift, the Market Price at the time of the devise or gift); and
(ii) the Market Price on the date the Company, or its designee, accepts the
offer. The Company shall have the right to accept such offer until the Trustee
has sold the shares held in the Trust pursuant to Section 8.3(d) hereof.
Upon the sale to the Company, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the
shares sold shall terminate and the Trustee shall distribute the net proceeds
of the sale to the Prohibited Owner. 

 (f) Designation of
Charitable Beneficiaries . By written notice to the Trustee, the Company
shall designate one or more nonprofit organizations to be the Charitable
Beneficiary of the interest in the Trust such that (i) the shares of Equity
Stock held in the Trust would not violate the restrictions set forth in Section
8.2(a) hereof in the hands of such Charitable Beneficiary and (ii) each
such organization must be described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Code and
contributions to each such organization must be eligible for deduction under
each of Sections 170(b)(1)(A), 2055 and 2522 of the Code. 

 Section 8.4 Exchange
Transactions . Nothing in this Article VIII shall preclude the
settlement of any transaction entered into through the facilities of the NYSE
or any other national securities exchange or automated inter-dealer quotation
system; provided , that settlement of any transaction shall not negate
the effect of any other provision of this Article VIII and any
transferee in such a transaction shall be subject to all of the provisions and
limitations set forth in this Article VIII . 

 Section 8.5 Enforcement .
The Company is specifically authorized to seek equitable relief, including
injunctive relief, to enforce the provisions of this Article VIII . 

 28 

 Section 8.6 Non-Waiver .
No delay or failure on the part of the Company or the Board of Directors in
exercising any right under this Article VIII shall operate as a waiver
of any right of the Company or the Board of Directors, as the case may be,
except to the extent specifically waived in writing. 

 ARTICLE
IX 
INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS 

 Section 9.1 Investment
Policies. Subject to any restrictions set forth herein, the investment
policies set forth in this Article IX shall be approved by the Board of
Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors. The Independent
Directors shall review the Company&#146;s investment policies at least annually to
determine that the policies being followed are in the best interests of the
Company. 

 Section 9.2 Investment
Restrictions. The Company shall not make investments in: (i) any foreign
currency or bullion; (ii) short sales; and (iii) any security in any entity
holding investments or engaging in activities prohibited by these Articles. In
addition to other investment restrictions imposed by the Directors from time to
time consistent with the Company&#146;s objective to qualify as a REIT, the Company
may not: 

 (a) invest more than ten
percent (10.0%) of the Company&#146;s total assets in unimproved real property or
Mortgage Loans on unimproved real property. For purposes of this paragraph, &#147;unimproved
real property&#148; does not include a Property: (i) acquired for the purpose of
producing rental or other operating income; (ii) having development or
construction in process; or (iii) under contract for development or in planning
for development within one (1) year; 

 (b) invest in
commodities or commodity future contracts, except for interest rate futures
used solely for hedging purposes; 

 (c) invest in or make
Mortgage Loans unless an appraisal prepared by an Independent Expert is
obtained for the underlying Property and the mortgage indebtedness on any
Property would in no event exceed the Property&#146;s appraised value; provided ,
 however , that this restriction shall not apply to an investment in a
publicly-traded entity (as defined in Section 7.7(d) hereof) that owns,
invests in or makes Mortgage Loans. The appraisal shall be maintained in the
Company&#146;s records for at least five (5) years and shall be available for
inspection and duplication by any Stockholder. In addition to the appraisal, a
mortgagee&#146;s or owner&#146;s title insurance policy or commitment insuring the
priority of the mortgage and condition of the title must be obtained prior to
closing; 

 (d) invest in real
estate contracts of sale otherwise known as land sale contracts unless the
contracts are in recordable form and appropriately recorded in the chain of
title; 

 (e) make or invest in
Mortgage Loans, including construction loans, on any one Property, if the
aggregate amount of all Mortgage Loans outstanding on the Property, including
the loans made by the Company, would exceed an amount equal to eighty-five 

 29 

 percent
(85.0%) of the appraised value of the Property as determined by an Independent
Expert unless the Board of Directors determines that substantial justification
exists because of the presence of other underwriting criteria and provided
further that such loans would in no event exceed the appraised value of the
property at the date of the loans; provided that the aggregate amount of
all Mortgage Loans outstanding on the Property, including the loans of the
Company, shall include all interest (excluding contingent participation in
income or appreciation in value of the mortgaged Property), the current payment
of which may be deferred pursuant to the terms of such loans, to the extent
that deferred interest on each loan exceeds five percent (5.0%) per annum of
the principal balance of the loan; provided , further , that this
restriction shall not apply to an investment in a publicly-traded entity (as
defined in Section 7.7(d) hereof) that owns, invests in or makes
Mortgage Loans; 

 (f) make or invest in
any Mortgage Loans that are subordinate to any mortgage or equity interest of
the Business Manager, the Sponsor, a Director or any Affiliates thereof; 

 (g) invest in equity
securities unless a majority of the Directors (including a majority of the
Independent Directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction approves the
investment as being fair, competitive and commercially reasonable; provided 
 however that the requirements on this section shall not apply to the
purchase by the Company of (i) its own securities pursuant to its SRP or, when
traded on a secondary market or on a national securities exchange or
inter-dealer quotation system, if a majority of the Directors (including a
majority of the Independent Directors) determine such purchase to be in the
best interests of the Company; (ii) the securities of a publicly-traded entity
(as defined in Section 7.7(d) hereof) made in accordance with Section
7.7(d) ; or (iii) the securities of a Real Estate Operating Company; 

 (h) invest in joint
ventures with the Sponsor, Business Manager, a Director or any Affiliate
thereof as a partner, unless a majority of Directors (including a majority of
Independent Directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction approves the
investment as being fair and reasonable to the Company and on substantially the
same terms and conditions as those received by other joint venturers; 

 (i) engage in any short
sale of securities or borrow, on an unsecured basis, the borrowing will result
in an Asset Coverage of less than three hundred percent (300.0%); 

 (j) invest in Real
Estate Assets unless a majority of the Directors, including Independent
Directors, approves the investment; provided that if the Company
acquires a Property from the Sponsor, the Business Manager, any Property
Manager, a Director or any Affiliates thereof, the provisions of Section 7.7 
hereof also shall be applicable; 

 (k) invest in Junior
Debt secured by a mortgage on real property that is subordinate to the lien of
Senior Debt, except where the amount of such Junior Debt, plus the outstanding
amount of the Senior Debt, does not exceed ninety percent (90.0%) of the
appraised value of such Property at the time of the investment, if after giving
effect thereto, the value of all investments of the Company in Junior Debt (as
reflected on the 

 30 

 books of the
Company in accordance with GAAP, after all reasonable reserves but before
provision for depreciation) would not then exceed twenty-five percent (25.0%)
of the Company&#146;s tangible assets; provided , however , that this
restriction shall not apply to an investment in a publicly-traded entity (as
defined in Section 7.7(d) hereof) that invests in Junior Debt. The value
of any investments in Junior Debt not meeting the aforementioned requirements
shall be limited to ten percent (10.0%) of the Company&#146;s tangible assets (which
would be included within the twenty-five percent (25.0%) limitation); 

 (l) engage in trading,
as compared with investment, activities; 

 (m) engage in
underwriting or the agency distribution of securities issued by others; 

 (n) invest or acquire
interests or securities in any entity or trust formed to complete any
tax-deferred exchange pursuant to Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (or any successor statute), if the entity or trust was
sponsored by Inland Real Estate Exchange Corporation or any of its Affiliates;
and 

 (o) acquire interests or
securities in any entity holding investments or engaging in activities
prohibited by this Article IX except for cash, which may be invested on
a temporary basis in these entities. 

 ARTICLE X 
STOCKHOLDERS 

 Section 10.1 Access
to Corporate Documents and Records . 

 (a) The Company shall
permit inspection of any of its corporate documents and records by a state
securities administrator upon reasonable notice and during normal business
hours. 

 (b) Any Stockholder and
any designated representative thereof shall be permitted to inspect and obtain
copies of any corporate documents. Any Stockholder may present to any officer
of the Company or its resident agent a written request for a statement showing
all Equity Stock and securities issued by the Company. 

 (c) Any Stockholder may:
(i) in person or by agent, on written request, inspect and obtain copies during
normal business hours the Company&#146;s books of account and its stock ledger; (ii)
present to any officer of the Company or its resident agent a written request
for a statement of its affairs; and (iii) present to any officer of the Company
or its resident agent a written request for its Stockholder List (as herein
defined), a copy of which shall be mailed to the Stockholders within ten (10)
days of the request. The Stockholder List shall be maintained and updated at
least quarterly as part of the corporate documents and records of the Company
and shall be printed on white paper in a readily readable type size (in no
event smaller than ten (10) point type). As used in this Section 10.1(c) ,
the term &#147;Stockholder List&#148; means an alphabetical list of names and 

 31 

 addresses of
the Stockholders of the Company along with the number of shares of Equity Stock
held by each of them. 

 (d) The Company may
impose, and require the Stockholder to pay, a reasonable charge for expenses
incurred in producing and copying any of its corporate documents and records
pursuant to this Section 10.1 . If the Business Manager or the Directors
neglect or refuse to exhibit, produce or copy any of the Company&#146;s corporate
documents and records, the Business Manager and the Directors shall be liable
to any Stockholder for the costs, including reasonable attorneys&#146; fees,
incurred by that Stockholder for compelling the production of the applicable
corporate documents and records and for actual damages suffered by any
Stockholder by reason of such neglect or refusal; provided , however ,
that it shall be an absolute defense against any and all liability or damages
that the actual purpose and reason for the request to inspect or copy the
corporate documents and records is to secure the information for the purpose of
selling the corporate documents and records or copies thereof, or of using the
same for a commercial purpose or other purpose not in the interest of the
Stockholder as a stockholder relative to the affairs of the Company. The
Company may require any Stockholder requesting to inspect or obtain copies of
corporate documents and records pursuant to this Section 10.1 to
represent that the information is not requested for a commercial purpose
unrelated to the Stockholder&#146;s interest in the Company. The remedies provided
in this Section 10.1(d) to a Stockholder are in addition to, and shall
not in any way limit, other remedies available to the Stockholder under federal
law. 

 Section 10.2 Reports
and Meetings . 

 (a) Reports . Each
year the Company shall prepare an annual report of its operations and shall
submit the annual report to each Stockholder at or before the annual meeting of
the Stockholders within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of the
Company&#146;s fiscal year. The report shall include: (i) audited income statements
and balance sheets for the previous three and two years, respectively or, the
period of time the Company has been operating if less, all prepared in
accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission governing the preparation of financial statements; (ii) if
applicable, the ratio of the costs of raising capital during the period to the
capital raised; (iii) the aggregate amount of fees paid to the Sponsor, the
Business Manager, the Property Managers and any Affiliates thereof, including
fees or charges paid to the Sponsor and its Affiliates by third parties doing
business with the Company; (iv) the Total Operating Expenses stated as a
percentage of Average Invested Assets and as a percentage of Net Income for the
most recently completed fiscal year; (v) a report from the Independent
Directors stating that the policies being followed by the Company are in the
best interests of the Stockholders in the aggregate and the basis for such
determination; and (vi) separately stated, full disclosure of all material
terms, factors and circumstances surrounding any and all transactions involving
the Company, the Sponsor, the Business Manager, the Property Managers, the Directors
and any Affiliates thereof occurring in the most recently completed fiscal
year. 

 32 

 (b) Location of
Meetings . Meetings of Stockholders shall be held at any place in the United
States as is provided in the Bylaws or as set by the Board of Directors under
provisions in the Bylaws. 

 (c) Annual Meetings;
Special Meetings . There shall be an annual meeting of the Stockholders of
the Company to elect Directors and transact any other business within a
reasonable period (not less than thirty (30) days) following delivery of the
annual report described in Section 10.2(a) hereof, but within six (6) months
after the end of each fiscal year. The Directors, including the Independent
Directors, shall take all reasonable steps to insure that the requirements of
this Article X are satisfied. Special meetings of the Stockholders may
be called by the chairman, the chief executive officer, the president, a
majority of the Directors or a majority of the Independent Directors, or any
other person specified in the Bylaws, and shall be called by the secretary of
the Company upon written request (which states the purpose of the meeting and
the matter(s) to be acted upon) of Stockholders holding in the aggregate not
less than ten percent (10.0%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
entitled to vote at such meeting. Upon receipt of such a written request, the
secretary of the Company shall: (i) inform the Stockholders making the written
request of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing a notice of
such meeting; and (ii) upon payment of these costs to the Company by such
Stockholders making the written request, notify each Stockholder entitled to
notice of the meeting and the purpose of the meeting not less than fifteen (15)
nor more than sixty (60) days prior to the date of such meeting. 

 (d) Except as provided
in the last sentence of Section 10.2(c) hereof, notice of any annual or
special meeting of Stockholders shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more
than ninety (90) days before such meeting and shall state the purpose of the
meeting and the matters to be acted upon. 

 ARTICLE
XI 
ELECTION 

 Section 11.1 Business
Combination Statute . Notwithstanding any other provision of these Articles,
or any contrary provision of law, pursuant to the authority granted by Section
3-603(e)(1)(iii) of the MGCL (as amended from time to time or any successor
statute thereto), the Maryland Business Combination Statute, found in Title 3,
Subtitle 6 of the MGCL (as amended from time to time or any successor statute
thereto), shall not apply to any &#147;business combination&#148; (as defined in Section
3-601(e) of the MGCL, as amended from time to time or any successor statute
thereto) of the Company and The Inland Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or
any Affiliate of The Inland Group, Inc., including Inland American Business
Manager & Advisor, Inc., an Illinois corporation, Inland American Retail
Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Inland American Office
Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Inland American
Industrial Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Inland
American Apartment Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Inland
Real Estate Investment Corporation, a Delaware corporation or Inland Securities
Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 

 33 

 Section 11.2 Control
Share Acquisition Statute . Notwithstanding any other provision of these
Articles or any contrary provision of law, pursuant to the authority granted by
Section 3-702(b) of the MGCL (as amended from time to time or any successor
statute thereto), the Maryland Control Share Statute, found in Title 3,
Subtitle 7 of the MGCL (as amended from time to time or any successor statute
thereto), shall not apply to the acquisition of any Equity Stock of the Company
by The Inland Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any Affiliate of The
Inland Group, Inc., including Inland American Business Manager & Advisor,
Inc., an Illinois corporation, Inland American Retail Management LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company, Inland American Office Management LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company, Inland American Industrial Management LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company, Inland American Apartment Management LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company, Inland Real Estate Investment
Corporation, a Delaware corporation or Inland Securities Corporation, a
Delaware corporation. 

 Section 11.3 Unsolicited
Takeovers Statute . Notwithstanding any other provision of these Articles or
any contrary provision of law, pursuant to the authority granted by Section
3-802(c) of the MGCL (as amended from time to time or any successor statute
thereto), the Company shall not be subject to any of the provisions of the
Unsolicited Takeovers Statute found in Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL (as
amended from time to time or any successor statute thereto). 

 ARTICLE
XII 
ROLL-UPS 

 Section 12.1 Appraisal .
In connection with a proposed Roll-Up, an appraisal of all of the Company&#146;s
assets shall be obtained from an Independent Expert. The appraisal will be
included in a prospectus used to offer the securities of a Roll-Up Entity and
shall be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the state
regulatory commissions as an exhibit to the registration statement for the
offering of the Roll-Up Entity&#146;s shares. Accordingly, an issuer using the
appraisal shall be subject to liability for violation of Section 11 of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and comparable provisions under state laws
for any material misrepresentations or material omissions in the appraisal. 

 The Company&#146;s
assets shall be appraised in a consistent manner. The appraisal shall: 

 (a) be based on an
evaluation of all relevant information; 

 (b) indicate the value
of the Company&#146;s assets as of a date immediately prior to the announcement of
the proposed Roll-Up; and 

 (c) assume an orderly
liquidation of the Company&#146;s assets over a twelve (12) month period. 

 The terms of the
engagement of the Independent Expert shall clearly state that the engagement is
for the benefit of the Company and its Stockholders. A summary of the
independent appraisal, indicating all material assumptions underlying the appraisal,
shall be included in a report to the Stockholders in connection with the
proposed Roll-Up. 

 34 

 Section 12.2 Stockholder
Options . Stockholders who vote &#147;no&#148; on the proposed Roll-Up shall have the
choice of: 

 (a) accepting the
securities of the Roll-Up Entity offered in the proposed Roll-Up; or 

 (b) one of the
following: 

 (i) remaining as
Stockholders of the Company and preserving their interests therein on the same
terms and conditions as previously existed; or 

 (ii) receiving cash in
an amount equal to the Stockholders&#146; pro rata share
of the appraised value of the Net Assets of the Company. 

 Section 12.3 Restrictions .
The Company may not participate in any proposed Roll-Up that would: 

 (a) result in the
Stockholders having rights to meetings less frequently or which are more
restrictive to Stockholders than those provided in these Articles; 

 (b) result in the
Stockholders having voting rights that are less than those provided in these
Articles; 

 (c) result in the
Stockholders having greater liability than as provided in these Articles; 

 (d) result in the
Stockholders having rights to receive reports that are less than those provided
in these Articles; 

 (e) result in the
Stockholders having access to records that are more limited than those provided
in these Articles; 

 (f) include provisions
that would operate to materially impede or frustrate the accumulation of shares
of Equity Stock by any purchaser of the securities of the Roll-Up Entity
(except to the minimum extent necessary to preserve the tax status of the Roll-Up
Entity); 

 (g) limit the ability of
an investor to exercise the voting rights of its securities in the Roll-Up
Entity on the basis of the number of shares of Equity Stock held by that
investor; 

 (h) result in investors
in the Roll-Up Entity having rights of access to the records of the Roll-Up
Entity that are less than those provided in these Articles; or 

 (i) place any of the
costs of the transaction on the Company if the Roll-Up is not approved by a
majority of the outstanding voting shares of Common Stock; provided , however ,
that nothing herein shall be construed to prevent participation in any proposed

 35 

 Roll-Up that
would result in Stockholders having rights and restrictions comparable to those
contained in this Article XII . 

 Approval of a majority of
the outstanding voting shares of Common Stock is required for the Company to
engage in any Roll-Up that is in conformity with this Article XII . 

 Section 12.4 General . The provisions of
this Article XII will cease to apply if the Board of Directors determines
that it is no longer in the best interests of the Company to attempt, or
continue, to qualify as a REIT. 

 ARTICLE
XIII 
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS WITH BUSINESS MANAGER 
AND PROPERTY MANAGERS 

 Section 13.1 Business
Combinations . The Company shall consider becoming a self-administered REIT
once the Company&#146;s assets and income are, in the view of the Board of
Directors, of sufficient size such that internalizing the management functions
performed by the Business Manager and the Property Managers is in the best interests
of the Stockholders. 

 If the Board of
Directors should make this determination in the future, the Company shall pay
one-half of the costs, and the Business Manager and the Property Managers shall
pay the other half, of an investment banking firm. This firm shall jointly
advise the Company and the Sponsor on the value of the Business Manager and the
Property Managers. After the investment banking firm completes its analyses,
the Company shall require it to prepare a written report and make a formal presentation
to the Board of Directors. 

 Following the
presentation by the investment banking firm, the Board of Directors shall form
a special committee comprised entirely of Independent Directors to consider a
possible business combination with the Business Manager and the Property
Managers. The Board of Directors shall, subject to applicable law, delegate all
of its decision-making power and authority to the special committee with
respect to these matters. The special committee also shall be authorized to retain
its own financial advisors and legal counsel to, among other things, negotiate
with representatives of the Business Manager and the Property Managers
regarding a possible business combination. 

 Section 13.2 Conditions
to Completion of Business Combination . Before the Company may complete any
business combination with either the Business Manager or any of the Property
Managers in accordance with this Article XIII , the following two
conditions shall be satisfied: 

 (a) the special
committee formed in accordance with Section 13.1 hereof receives an
opinion from a recognized investment banking firm, separate and distinct from
the firm jointly retained to provide a valuation analysis in accordance with Section
13.1 hereof, concluding that the consideration to be paid to acquire the
Business Manager or any Property Manager, as the case may be, is fair to the
Stockholders from a financial point of view; and 

 (b) the holders of a
majority of the votes cast at a meeting of the Stockholders called for such
purpose (if a quorum is present at the meeting) approves the acquisition; 

 36 

 provided 
that, for these purposes only, any shares held by The Inland Group, Inc., the
Sponsor or any of their Affiliates will be counted for purposes of determining
the presence of quorum but will not, however, initially constitute a vote cast
for purposes of determining the number of votes necessary to approve the
acquisition. If the proposal receives the necessary votes to approve the
acquisition, all shares held by The Inland Group, Inc., the Sponsor or any of
their Affiliates may then be voted in favor of the transaction. 

 ARTICLE
XIV 
AMENDMENTS AND EXTRAORDINARY ACTIONS 

 Section 14.1 General .
The Company reserves the right, from time to time, to supplement, amend or
restate these Articles, now or hereafter authorized by law, including any
supplement, amendment or restatement altering the terms or contract rights, as
expressly set forth in these Articles, of any unissued shares of Equity Stock. All
rights and powers conferred by these Articles on Stockholders, Directors and
officers are granted subject to this reservation. All references to these
Articles shall include all supplements, amendments or restatements thereto. 

 Section 14.2 Stockholders&#146;
Approval . Subject to: (a) the restrictions on Roll-Ups described in Article
XII hereof so long as applicable; (b) the limitations described in Article
VIII hereof; (c) the provisions of Article XIII ; and (d) Section
14.3 hereof, the Directors may not, without the approval of holders of at
least a majority of the outstanding voting shares of Common Stock: (i)
supplement, amend or restate these Articles; (ii) sell all or substantially all
of the Company&#146;s assets other than in the ordinary course of the Company&#146;s
business or in connection with liquidation and dissolution; (iii) cause a
merger, consolidation or share exchange of the Company except that where the
merger is effected through a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the
consideration to be paid by the Company in the merger consists solely of cash,
the merger may be approved solely by the Board of Directors unless a party to
the merger is an affiliate of the Sponsor; or (iv) dissolve or liquidate the
Company. For purposes of these Articles, a sale of two-thirds or more of the
Company&#146;s assets, based on number or fair market value, shall constitute a sale
of &#147;substantially all of the Company&#146;s assets.&#148; 

 Section 14.3 By
Stockholders . Notwithstanding any provision of law permitting or requiring
action to be taken or approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares
entitled to cast a greater number of votes, the holders of a majority of the
then outstanding voting shares of Common Stock may, at a duly called meeting of
such holders and without the necessity for concurrence by the Directors, vote
to: (i) supplement, amend or restate these Articles; or (ii) dissolve or
liquidate the Company. Any action permitted or required to be taken at a
meeting of Stockholders may also be taken by written consent of the requisite
holders. In the event that the holders of the then outstanding voting shares of
Common Stock direct the amendment of these Articles or the dissolution or
liquidation of the Company, the proper officers of the Company shall promptly
file such documents and take all such corporate action as is reasonably
necessary to accomplish such supplement, amendment, restatement, dissolution or
liquidation. 

 37 

 ARTICLE
XV 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION 

 Section 15.1 Limitation
of Stockholder Liability . No Stockholder shall be personally liable for any
debt, claim, demand, judgment or obligation of any kind of, against or with
respect to the Company by reason of its being a Stockholder, nor shall any
Stockholder be subject to any personal liability whatsoever, in tort, contract
or otherwise, to any Person in connection with the assets or the affairs of the
Company. 

 Section 15.2 Limitation
of Director and Officer Liability . Except as otherwise limited in this Section
15.2 , no Director or officer of the Company shall be liable to the Company
or to any Stockholder for money damages to the extent that Maryland law, in
effect from time to time, permits the limitation of the liability of directors
and officers of a corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Director or
officer of the Company shall be held harmless for any loss or liability
suffered by the Company unless: (i) the Director of officer of the Company has
determined, in good faith, that the course of conduct that caused the loss or
liability was in the best interests of the Company; (ii) the Director of
officer of the Company was acting on behalf of or performing services on the
part of the Company; (iii) the liability or loss was not the result of
negligence or misconduct by the Director or officer of the Company, except that
in the event the Director is or was an Independent Director, the liability or
loss was not the result of gross negligence or willful misconduct by the
Independent Director; and (iv) the agreement to hold harmless is recoverable
only out of the Net Assets of the Company and not from the Stockholders. Neither
the amendment nor repeal of this Section 15.2 , nor the adoption or
amendment of any other provision of these Articles inconsistent with this Section
15.2 , shall apply to or affect, in any respect, the applicability of this Section
15.2 with respect to any act or failure to act that occurred prior to
amendment, repeal or adoption. In addition to the foregoing, the Company shall
not enter into a contract or agreement with the Business Manager or any of its
Affiliates that includes provisions holding the Business Manager or its
Affiliate, as the case may be, harmless from loss or liability unless, at a
minimum, the requirements of clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this Section
15.2 (with any necessary conforming changes) are included in the contract or
agreement and are required to be satisfied. Notwithstanding the immediately
foregoing sentence, the inclusion of the requirements of clauses (i), (ii),
(iii) and (iv) of this Section 15.2 in any contract or agreement between the
Company and the Business Manager or its Affiliates shall not be read to limit
any loss or liability that the Business Manager or its Affiliate, as the case
may be, may otherwise have at law or in equity. 

 Section 15.3 Indemnification . 

 (a) Subject to
paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) of this Section 15.3 , the Company shall
indemnify and pay, advance or reimburse reasonable expenses to any Director,
officer, employee and agent of the Company including the Business Manager or
the Property Managers and each of their Affiliates (each an &#147;Indemnified Party&#148;)
from and against any liability or loss to which the Indemnified Party may
become subject or which the Indemnified Party may incur by reason of his, her
or its service as a Director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, the
Business Manager, the Property Managers and their respective Affiliates. 

 38 

 (b) The Company shall
not indemnify an Indemnified Party unless: (i) the Directors have determined,
in good faith, that the course of conduct that caused the loss or liability was
in the best interest of the Company; (ii) the Indemnified Party was acting on
behalf of or performing services on the part of the Company; (iii) the
liability or loss was not the result of gross negligence or willful misconduct
by any Independent Director or negligence or misconduct by any other
Indemnified Party (excluding the Independent Directors); and (iv) the
indemnification is recoverable only out of the Net Assets of the Company and
not from the Stockholders. 

 (c) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in Section 15.3(b) hereof, the Company shall
not indemnify a Director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or the
Business Manager or any Property Manager or their Affiliates for losses,
liabilities or expenses arising from or out of an alleged violation of federal
or state securities laws by such party unless one or more of the following
conditions are met: (i) there has been a successful adjudication on the merits
of each count involving alleged securities law violations as to the particular
Person; (ii) the claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a
court of competent jurisdiction as to the particular Person; or (iii) a court
of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims and finds that indemnification
of the settlement and related costs should be made and the court considering
the request has been advised of the position of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the published opinions of any state securities regulatory
authority in which securities of the Company were offered or sold as to
indemnification for violations of securities laws. 

 (d) The Company shall
advance amounts to an Indemnified Party for legal and other expenses and costs
incurred as a result of any legal action for which indemnification is being
sought only in accordance with Section 2-418 of the MGCL, and only if all of
the following conditions are satisfied: (i) the legal action relates to acts or
omissions with respect to the performance of duties or services by the Person,
for or on behalf of the Company; (ii) the legal action is initiated by a third
party who is not a Stockholder or the legal action is initiated by a
Stockholder acting in his or her capacity as such and a court of competent
jurisdiction specifically approves advancement; and (iii) the Indemnified Party
receiving advances undertakes in writing to repay the advanced funds to the
Company, together with the applicable legal rate of interest thereon, in cases
in which such party is found not to be entitled to indemnification. 

 (e) The Company shall
have the power to purchase and maintain insurance or provide similar protection
on behalf of an Indemnified Party against any liability or loss asserted that
was incurred in any such capacity with the Company or arising out of such
status; provided , however , that the Company shall not incur the
costs of any liability insurance that insures any Person against liability or
loss for which he, she or it could not be indemnified under these Articles. Nothing
contained herein shall constitute a waiver by any Indemnified Party of any
right which he, she or it may have against any party under federal or state
securities laws. The Company shall also have power to enter into any contract
for indemnity and advancement of expenses with a Director, officer, employee or
agent to such further extent consistent with law. 

 39 

 ARTICLE
XVI 
 MISCELLANEOUS 

 Section 16.1 The rights of all parties and the
validity, construction and effect of every provision of these Articles shall be
subject to and construed according to the laws of the State of Maryland without
regard to conflicts of laws provisions thereof; provided , however ,
that to the extent that the MGCL conflicts with the provisions set forth in the
NASAA REIT Guidelines, the NASAA REIT Guidelines shall control to the extent
that the relevant provision of the MGCL is not mandatory, except that Section
14.2 of the Articles shall govern Stockholder approval of all matters set
forth therein, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the MGCL. Determinations
regarding the existence of any such conflict between the NASAA REIT Guidelines
and the provisions of the MGCL shall be made by the Board of Directors; provided ,
 however , that any determination by the Board of Directors shall not
affect or impair any of the remaining provisions of these Articles or render
invalid or improper any action taken or omitted prior to such determination. No
Director shall be liable for making or failing to make such a determination. The
provisions of this Section 16.1 shall cease to have any effect on the
earlier of the date upon which (i) the Company shall have a class of security
that is a &#147;covered security,&#148; as defined in the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended or (ii) the Company is no longer subject to the NASAA REIT Guidelines. As
used in this Section 16.1 , &#147;NASAA REIT Guidelines&#148; shall mean the
Statement of Policy Regarding Real Estate Investment Trusts adopted by the
North American Securities Administrators Association, Inc. on September 29,
1993, and in effect on the date of this amendment. 

 THIRD : The amendment to and restatement
of the articles of incorporation of the Company as hereinabove set forth has
been duly advised by the board of directors and approved by the stockholders of
the Company as required by law. 

 FOURTH : The current address of the
principal office of the Company in the State of Maryland is set forth in Article
III of the foregoing amendment and restatement of the articles of
incorporation. 

 FIFTH : The name and address of the
Company&#146;s current resident agent is set forth in Article III of the
foregoing amendment and restatement of the articles of incorporation. 

 SIXTH : The number of directors of the Company and the
names of those currently in office are as set forth in Article VI of the
foregoing amendment and restatement of the articles of incorporation. 

 SEVENTH : The undersigned President of Inland
American Real Estate Trust, Inc. acknowledges these Fifth Articles of Amendment
and Restatement to be the corporate act of the Company and as to all matters or
facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned President
acknowledges that, to the best of her knowledge, information and belief, these
matters and facts are true in all material respects and that this statement is
made under the penalties of perjury. 

 [The remainder of this page intentionally blank] 

 40 

 IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused these Fifth Articles of Amendment and
Restatement to be signed in its name and on its behalf by its President and
attested to by its Secretary on this 14th day of June, 2007. 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 

 By: 

 /s/ Brenda G. Gujral 

 Name: 

 Brenda G. Gujral 

 Title: 

 President 

 ATTEST: INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 

 By: 

 /s/ Scott W. Wilton 

 Name: 

 Scott W. Wilton 

 Title: 

 Secretary 

 41 

