 
 10-K
 1
 a17-7164_110k.htm
 10-K

 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 10-K 
 
 x ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 
 
 o TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission File Number: 1-13274 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation 
 Commission File Number: 333-57103: Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY CORPORATION 
 MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

 Maryland (Mack-Cali Realty Corporation) 

 22-3305147 (Mack-Cali Realty Corporation) 

 Delaware (Mack-Cali Realty, L.P.) 

 22-3315804 (Mack-Cali Realty, L.P.) 

 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

 Harborside 3, 210 Hudson St., Ste. 400, Jersey City, New Jersey 

 07311 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

 (Zip code) 

 (732) 590-1010 
 (Registrant&#146;s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 (Title of Each Class) 

 (Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered) 

 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation 

 Common Stock, $0.01 par value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. 

 None 

 None 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation 

 YES x NO o 

 Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. 

 YES x NO o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation 

 YES o NO x 

 Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. 

 YES o NO x 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation 

 YES x NO o 

 Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. 

 YES x NO o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation 

 YES x NO o 

 Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. 

 YES x NO o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant&#146;s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendments to this Form 10-K. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer,&#148; &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation: 

 Large accelerated filer x 

 Accelerated filer o 

 Non-accelerated filer o 

 Smaller reporting company o 

 Mack-Cali Realty, L.P.: 

 Large accelerated filer x 

 Accelerated filer &#168; 

 Non-accelerated filer o (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

 Smaller reporting company &#168; 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) 

 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation 

 YES o NO x 

 Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. 

 YES o NO x 
 
 As of June 30, 2016, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Mack-Cali Realty Corporation was $2,382,974,937. The aggregate market value was computed with reference to the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange on such date. This calculation does not reflect a determination that persons are affiliates for any other purpose. The registrant has no non-voting common stock. 
 
 As of February 24, 2017, 89,844,700 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value, of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation (&#147;Common Stock&#148;) were outstanding. 
 
 Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. does not have any class of common equity that is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 LOCATION OF EXHIBIT INDEX: The index of exhibits is contained herein on page number 134. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: Portions of the Mack-Cali Realty Corporation&#146;s definitive proxy statement for fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 to be issued in conjunction with the registrant&#146;s annual meeting of shareholders expected to be held on June 7, 2017 are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K. The definitive proxy statement will be filed by the registrant with the SEC not later than 120 days from the end of the registrant&#146;s fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. 

 Table of Contents 
 
 EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 
 This report combines the annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to the &#147;Operating Partnership&#148; mean Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, and references to the &#147;General Partner&#148; mean Mack-Cali Realty Corporation, a Maryland corporation and real estate investment trust (&#147;REIT&#148;), and its subsidiaries, including the Operating Partnership. References to the &#147;Company,&#148; &#147;we,&#148; &#147;us&#148; and &#147;our&#148; mean collectively the General Partner, the Operating Partnership and those entities/subsidiaries consolidated by the General Partner. 
 
 The Operating Partnership conducts the business of providing leasing, management, acquisition, development, construction and tenant-related services for its General Partner. The Operating Partnership, through its operating divisions and subsidiaries, including the Mack-Cali property-owning partnerships and limited liability companies is the entity through which all of the General Partner&#146;s operations are conducted. The General Partner is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership and has exclusive control of the Operating Partnership&#146;s day-to-day management. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the General Partner owned an approximate 89.5 percent common unit interest in the Operating Partnership. The remaining approximate 10.5 percent common unit interest is owned by limited partners. The limited partners of the Operating Partnership are (1) persons who contributed their interests in properties to the Operating Partnership in exchange for common units (each, a &#147;Common Unit&#148;) or preferred units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership or (2) recipients of long term incentive plan units of the Operating Partnership pursuant to the General Partner&#146;s executive compensation plans. 
 
 A Common Unit of the Operating Partnership and a share of common stock of the General Partner (the &#147;Common Stock&#148;) have substantially the same economic characteristics in as much as they effectively share equally in the net income or loss of the Company. The General Partner owns a number of common units of the Operating Partnership equal to the number of issued and outstanding shares of the General Partner&#146;s common stock. Common unitholders (other than the General Partner) have the right to redeem their Common Units, subject to certain restrictions under the Seconded Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership, as amended (the &#147;Partnership Agreement&#148;) and agreed upon at the time of issuance of the units that may restrict such right for a period of time, generally one year from issuance. The redemption is required to be satisfied in shares of Common Stock of the General Partner, cash, or a combination thereof, calculated as follows: one share of the General Partner&#146;s Common Stock, or cash equal to the fair market value of a share of the General Partner&#146;s Common Stock at the time of redemption, for each Common Unit. The General Partner, in its sole discretion, determines the form of redemption of Common Units (i.e., whether a common unitholder receives Common Stock of the General Partner, cash, or any combination thereof). If the General Partner elects to satisfy the redemption with shares of Common Stock of the General Partner as opposed to cash, the General Partner is obligated to issue shares of its Common Stock to the redeeming unitholder. Regardless of the rights described above, the common unitholders may not put their units for cash to the Company or the General Partner under any circumstances. With each such redemption, the General Partner&#146;s percentage ownership in the Operating Partnership will increase. In addition, whenever the General Partner issues shares of its Common Stock other than to acquire Common Units, the General Partner must contribute any net proceeds it receives to the Operating Partnership and the Operating Partnership must issue to the General Partner an equivalent number of Common Units. This structure is commonly referred to as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT. 
 
 The Company believes that combining the annual reports on Form 10-K of the General Partner and the Operating Partnership into this single report provides the following benefits: 
 
 &#183; enhance investors&#146; understanding of the General Partner and the Operating Partnership by enabling investors to view the business as a whole in the same manner as management views and operates the business of the Company; 
 
 &#183; eliminate duplicative disclosure and provide a more streamlined and readable presentation because a substantial portion of the disclosure applies to both the General Partner and the Operating Partnership; and 
 
 &#183; create time and cost efficiencies through the preparation of one combined report instead of two separate reports. 
 
 The Company believes it is important to understand the few differences between the General Partner and the Operating Partnership in the context of how they operate as a consolidated company. The financial results of the Operating Partnership are consolidated into the financial statements of the General Partner. The General Partner does not have any other significant assets, liabilities or operations, other than its interests in the Operating Partnership, nor does the Operating Partnership have employees of its own. The Operating Partnership, not the General Partner, generally executes all significant business relationships other than transactions involving the securities of the General Partner. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of the assets of the General Partner, including ownership interests in joint ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for the net proceeds from equity offerings by the General Partner, which are contributed to the capital of the Operating Partnership in consideration of common or preferred 
 
 2 

 Table of Contents 
 
 units in the Operating Partnership, as applicable, the Operating Partnership generates all remaining capital required by the Company&#146;s business. These sources include working capital, net cash provided by operating activities, borrowings under the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility and unsecured term loan facility, the issuance of secured and unsecured debt and equity securities and proceeds received from the disposition of properties and joint ventures. 
 
 Shareholders&#146; equity, partners&#146; capital and noncontrolling interests are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of the General Partner and the Operating Partnership. The limited partners of the Operating Partnership are accounted for as partners&#146; capital in the Operating Partnership&#146;s financial statements as is the General Partner&#146;s interest in the Operating Partnership. The noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership&#146;s financial statements comprise the interests of unaffiliated partners in various consolidated partnerships and development joint venture partners. The noncontrolling interests in the General Partner&#146;s financial statements are the same noncontrolling interests at the Operating Partnership&#146;s level and include limited partners of the Operating Partnership. The differences between shareholders&#146; equity and partners&#146; capital result from differences in the equity issued at the General Partner and Operating Partnership levels. 
 
 To help investors better understand the key differences between the General Partner and the Operating Partnership, certain information for the General Partner and the Operating Partnership in this report has been separated, as set forth below: 
 
 &#183; Item 6. Selected Financial Data; 
 
 &#183; Item 7. Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations includes information specific to each entity, where applicable; 
 
 &#183; Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data which includes the following specific disclosures for Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P.: 
 
 &#183; Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies, where applicable; 
 
 &#183; Note 14. Mack-Cali Realty Corporation&#146;s Stockholders&#146; Equity and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P.&#146;s Partners&#146;Capital; and 
 
 &#183; Note 15. Noncontrolling Interests in Subsidiaries. 
 
 &#183; Note 16. Segment Reporting, where applicable; 
 
 &#183; Note 18. Condensed Quarterly Financial Information (unaudited). 
 
 This report also includes separate Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures sections and separate Exhibits 31 and 32 certifications for each of the General Partner and the Operating Partnership in order to establish that the requisite certifications have been made and that the General Partner and Operating Partnership are compliant with Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. &#167;1350. 
 
 3 

 Table of Contents 
 
 FORM 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Page No. 

 PART I 

 Item 1 
 
 Business 

 5 

 Item 1A 
 
 Risk Factors 

 11 

 Item 1B 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

 22 

 Item 2 
 
 Properties 

 22 

 Item 3 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

 35 

 Item 4 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

 35 

 PART II 

 Item 5 
 
 Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 36 

 Item 6 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

 39 

 Item 7 
 
 Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 41 

 Item 7A 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 64 

 Item 8 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 65 

 Item 9 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 65 

 Item 9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

 65 

 Item 9B 
 
 Other Information 

 67 

 P ART III 

 Item 10 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 70 

 Item 11 
 
 Executive Compensation 

 70 

 Item 12 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 70 

 Item 13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

 70 

 Item 14 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

 70 

 PART IV 

 Item 15 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 71 

 Item 16 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

 71 

 SIGNATURES 

 132 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 

 134 
 
 4 

 Table of Contents 
 
 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation, a Maryland corporation, together with its subsidiaries (collectively the &#147;General Partner&#148;), is a fully-integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (&#147;REIT&#148;). The General Partner controls Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, together with its subsidiaries (collectively, the &#147;Operating Partnership&#148;), as its sole general partner and owned an 89.5 percent common unit interest in the Operating Partnership as of both December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The General Partner&#146;s business is the ownership of interests in and operation of the Operating Partnership and all of the General Partner&#146;s expenses are incurred for the benefit of the Operating Partnership. The General Partner is reimbursed by the Operating Partnership for all expenses it incurs relating to the ownership and operation of the Operating Partnership. 
 
 The Operating Partnership conducts the business of providing leasing, management, acquisition, development, construction and tenant-related services for its General Partner. The Operating Partnership, through its operating divisions and subsidiaries, including the Mack-Cali property-owning partnerships and limited liability companies, is the entity through which all of the General Partner&#146;s operations are conducted. Unless stated otherwise or the context requires, the &#147;Company&#148; refers to the General Partner and its subsidiaries, including the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries. 
 
 The Company owns and operates a real estate portfolio comprised predominantly of Class A office and office/flex properties located primarily in the Northeast with a recent emphasis on expansion into the multi-family rental sector in the same markets. The Company performs substantially all real estate leasing, management, acquisition and development on an in-house basis. Mack-Cali Realty Corporation was incorporated on May 24, 1994. The Company&#146;s executive offices are located at Harborside 3, 210 Hudson Street, Suite 400, Jersey City, New Jersey 07311, and its telephone number is (732) 590-1010. The Company has an internet website at www.mack-cali.com. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Company owned or had interests in 248 properties, consisting of 119 office and 110 flex properties, totaling approximately 26.6 million square feet, leased to approximately 1,600 commercial tenants and 19 multi-family rental properties containing 5,614 residential units, plus developable land (collectively, the &#147;Properties&#148;). The Properties are comprised of: (a) 199 wholly-owned or Company-controlled properties consisting of 83 office buildings and 107 flex buildings aggregating approximately 21.0 million square feet and nine multi-family properties totaling 2,027 apartments, (collectively, the &#147;Consolidated Properties&#148;); and (b) 36 office properties totaling approximately 5.6 million square feet, 10 multi-family properties totaling 3,587 apartments, two retail properties totaling 81,700 square feet and a 350-room hotel, which are owned by unconsolidated joint ventures in which the Company has investment interests. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to square feet represent net rentable area. As of December 31, 2016, the Company&#146;s core, stabilized office and flex properties included in the Consolidated Properties were 90.6 percent leased. Percentage leased includes all leases in effect as of the period end date, some of which have commencement dates in the future, and leases that expire at the period end date. Leases that expired as of December 31, 2016 aggregate 151,655 square feet, or 0.7 percent of the net rentable square footage. The Properties are located in six states, primarily in the Northeast, and the District of Columbia. See Item 2: Properties. 
 
 The Company&#146;s historical strategy has been to focus its operations, acquisition and development of office properties in high-barrier-to-entry markets and sub-markets where it believes it is, or can become, a significant and preferred owner and operator. In September 2015, the Company announced a three-year strategic initiative to transform into a more concentrated owner of New Jersey Hudson River waterfront and transit-oriented office properties and a regional owner of luxury multi-family residential properties. As part of this plan, over the past year, the Company sold or has contracted to sell multiple properties, primarily commercial office, which it believes do not meet its long-term goals. 
 
 The Company believes that its Properties have excellent locations and access and are well-maintained and professionally managed. As a result, the Company believes that its Properties attract high quality tenants and residents, and achieve high rental, occupancy and tenant retention rates within their markets. The Company also believes that its extensive market knowledge provides it with a significant competitive advantage, which is further enhanced by its strong reputation for, and emphasis on, delivering highly responsive, professional management services. 
 
 BUSINESS STRATEGIES 
 
 Operations 
 
 Reputation : The Company has established a reputation as a highly-regarded landlord with an emphasis on delivering quality customer service in buildings it owns and/or manages. The Company believes that its continued success depends in part on enhancing its reputation as an operator of choice, which will facilitate the retention of current tenants and residents and the attraction of new tenants 
 
 5 

 Table of Contents 
 
 and residents. The Company believes it provides a superior level of service to its customers, which should in turn, allow the Company to maintain occupancy rates, at or above market levels, as well as improve tenant retention. 
 
 Communication with tenants : The Company emphasizes frequent communication with its customers to ensure first-class service to the Properties. Property management personnel generally are located on site at the Properties to provide convenient access to management and to ensure that the Properties are well-maintained. Property management&#146;s primary responsibility is to ensure that buildings are operated at peak efficiency in order to meet both the Company&#146;s and tenants&#146; needs and expectations. Property management personnel additionally budget and oversee capital improvements and building system upgrades to enhance the Properties&#146; competitive advantages in their respective markets and to maintain the quality of the Properties. 
 
 The Company&#146;s in-house leasing representatives for its office portfolio develop and maintain long-term relationships with the Company&#146;s diverse tenant base and coordinate leasing, expansion, relocation and build-to-suit opportunities. This approach allows the Company to offer office space in the appropriate size and location to current or prospective tenants in any of its sub-markets. 
 
 The Company&#146;s in-house multi-family rental management team emphasizes meticulous attention to detail and an unwavering commitment to customer service to complement the quality, design excellence and luxury living attributes of its multi-family rental properties. The Company believes this strategy will enable the Company to buttress management&#146;s reputation with the market-leading designs, amenities and features of its multi-family rental properties to attract quality residents. 
 
 Portfolio Management : The Company plans to continue to own and operate a portfolio of office and office/flex properties in high-barrier-to-entry markets, with a primary focus in the Northeast. The Company also expects to continue to complement its core portfolio of office and office/flex properties by pursuing acquisition and development opportunities in the multi-family rental sector. The Company&#146;s primary objectives are to maximize operating cash flow and to enhance the value of its portfolio through effective management, acquisition, development and property sales strategies. 
 
 The Company seeks to maximize the value of its existing office and office/flex portfolio through implementing operating strategies designed to produce the highest effective rental and occupancy rates and lowest tenant installation costs within the markets that it operates, and further within the parameters of those markets. The Company continues to pursue internal growth through leasing vacant space, re-leasing space at the highest possible effective rents in light of current market conditions with contractual rent increases and developing or redeveloping office space for its diverse base of high credit quality tenants, including Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Ltd; KPMG, LLP; and TD Ameritrade Services Company. In addition, the Company seeks economies of scale through volume discounts to take advantage of its size and dominance in particular sub-markets, and operating efficiencies through the use of in-house management, leasing, marketing, financing, accounting, legal and development. 
 
 The Company continually reviews its portfolio and opportunities to divest office and office/flex properties that, among other things, no longer meet its long-term strategy, have reached their potential, are less efficient to operate or can be sold at attractive prices when market conditions are favorable. The Company anticipates redeploying the proceeds from sales of office and office/flex properties to develop, redevelop and acquire multi-family rental properties, as well as reposition certain office properties into multi-family/mixed use properties, in its core Northeast sub-markets as part of its overall strategy to reposition its portfolio from office and office/flex to a mix of office, office/flex and multi-family rental properties. 
 
 The Company believes that the opportunity to invest in multi-family development properties at higher returns on cost will position the Company to potentially produce higher levels of net operating income than if the Company were to only purchase stabilized multi-family properties at market returns. The Company believes that the transition to a company with a greater proportion of its properties in the multi-family residential sector will ultimately result in the creation of greater shareholder value than remaining a primarily suburban commercial office company, in part due to the lower capitalization rates associated with the multi-family sector. 
 
 Acquisitions : The Company also believes that growth opportunities exist through acquiring operating properties or properties for redevelopment with attractive returns in its core Northeast sub-markets where, based on its expertise in leasing, managing and operating properties, it believes it is, or can become, a significant and preferred owner and operator. The Company intends either directly or through joint ventures to acquire, invest in or redevelop additional properties, that: (i) are expected to provide attractive long-term yields; (ii) are well-located, of high quality and competitive in their respective sub-markets; (iii) are located in its existing sub-markets or in sub-markets in which the Company is or can become a significant and preferred owner and operator; and (iv) it believes have been under-managed or are otherwise capable of improved performance through intensive management, capital improvements and/or leasing that should result in increased effective rental and occupancy rates. 
 
 The Company has entered into and may continue in the future to enter into joint ventures (including limited liability companies and partnerships) through which it would own an indirect economic interest of less than 100 percent of a property owned directly by such 
 
 6 

 Table of Contents 
 
 joint ventures, and may include joint ventures that the Company does not control or manage, especially in connection with its expansion into the multi-family rental sector. The decision to pursue property acquisitions either directly or through joint ventures is based on a variety of factors and considerations, including: (i) the economic and tax terms required by a seller or co-developer of a property; (ii) the Company&#146;s desire to diversify its portfolio by expanding into the multi-family rental sector and achieve a blended portfolio of office and multi-family rental properties by market and sub-market; (iii) the Company&#146;s goal of maintaining a strong balance sheet; and (iv) the Company&#146;s expectation that, in some circumstances, it will be able to achieve higher returns on its invested capital or reduce its risk if a joint venture vehicle is used. Investments in joint ventures are not limited to a specified percentage of the Company&#146;s assets. Each joint venture agreement is individually negotiated, and the Company&#146;s ability to operate and/or dispose of its interests in a joint venture in its sole discretion may be limited to varying degrees depending on the terms of the joint venture agreement. Many of the Company&#146;s joint venture agreements entitle it to receive leasing, management, development and similar fees and/or a promoted interest if certain return thresholds are met. See Note 4: Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures &#151; to the Company&#146;s Financial Statements. 
 
 Development : The Company seeks to selectively develop additional properties either directly or through joint ventures where it believes such development will result in a favorable risk-adjusted return on investment in coordination with the above operating strategies. The Company identifies development opportunities primarily through its local market presence. Such development primarily will occur: (i) in stable core Northeast sub-markets where the demand for such space exceeds available supply; and (ii) where the Company is, or can become, a significant and preferred owner and operator. As part of the Company&#146;s strategy to expand its multi-family rental portfolio, the Company may consider development opportunities with respect to improved land with existing commercial uses and seek to rezone the sites for multi-family rental use and development. As a result of competitive market conditions for land suitable for development, the Company may be required to hold land prior to construction for extended periods while entitlements or rezoning is obtained. The Company also may undertake repositioning opportunities that may require the expenditure of significant amounts of capital. 
 
 Property Sales : While management&#146;s principal intention is to own and operate its properties on a long-term basis, it periodically assesses the attributes of each of its properties, with a particular focus on the supply and demand fundamentals of the sub-markets in which they are located. The Company continually reviews its portfolio and opportunities to divest properties that, among other things, no longer meet its long-term strategy, have reached their potential, are less efficient to operate, or can be sold at attractive prices when market conditions are favorable. Consistent with its three-year strategic initiative announced in late 2015, during 2016 and through February 2017, the Company completed the sales of rental property for aggregate gross sales proceeds of $740 million. 
 
 Financial 
 
 The Company currently intends to maintain a ratio of debt-to-undepreciated assets (total debt of the Company as a percentage of total undepreciated assets) of 50 percent or less, however there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in maintaining this ratio. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company&#146;s total debt constituted approximately 42 percent and 39 percent of total undepreciated assets of the Company, respectively. Although there is no limit in the Company&#146;s organizational documents on the amount of indebtedness that the Company may incur, the Company has entered into certain financial agreements which contain covenants that limit the Company&#146;s ability to incur indebtedness under certain circumstances. The Company intends to utilize the most appropriate sources of capital for future acquisitions, development, capital improvements and other investments, which may include funds from operating activities, proceeds from property and land sales, joint venture capital, and short-term and long-term borrowings (including draws on the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility), and the issuance of additional debt or equity securities. 
 
 EMPLOYEES 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately 540 full-time employees. 
 
 COMPETITION 
 
 The leasing of real estate is highly competitive. The Properties compete for tenants and residents with lessors and developers of similar properties located in their respective markets primarily on the basis of location, the quality of properties, leasing terms (including rent and other charges and allowances for tenant improvements), services or amenities provided, the design and condition of the Properties, and reputation as an owner and operator of quality properties in the relevant markets. Additionally, the number of competitive multi-family rental properties in a particular area could have a material effect on the Company&#146;s ability to lease residential units and on rents charged. In addition, other forms of multi-family rental properties or single family housing provide alternatives to potential residents of multi-family properties. The Company competes with other entities, some of which may have significant resources or who may be willing to accept lower returns or pay higher prices than the Company in terms of acquisition and development opportunities. The Company also experiences competition when attempting to acquire or dispose of real estate, 
 
 7 

 Table of Contents 
 
 including competition from domestic and foreign financial institutions, other REITs, life insurance companies, pension trusts, trust funds, partnerships, individual investors and others. 
 
 REGULATIONS 
 
 Many laws and governmental regulations apply to the ownership and/or operation of the Properties and changes in these laws and regulations, or their interpretation by agencies and the courts, occur frequently. 
 
 Under various laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and human health, an owner of real estate may be held liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances located on or in the property. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner was responsible for, or even knew of, the presence of such substances. The presence of such substances may adversely affect the owner&#146;s ability to rent or sell the property or to borrow using such property as collateral and may expose it to liability resulting from any release of, or exposure to, such substances. Persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances at another location may also be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of such substances at the disposal or treatment facility, whether or not such facility is owned or operated by such person. Certain environmental laws impose liability for the release of asbestos-containing materials into the air, and third parties may also seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury associated with asbestos-containing materials and other hazardous or toxic substances. 
 
 In connection with the ownership (direct or indirect), operation, management and development of real properties, the Company may be considered an owner or operator of such properties or as having arranged for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances and, therefore, potentially liable for removal or remediation costs, as well as certain other related costs, including governmental penalties and injuries to persons and property. 
 
 There can be no assurance that (i) future laws, ordinances or regulations will not impose any material environmental liability, (ii) the current environmental condition of the Properties will not be affected by tenants, by the condition of land or operations in the vicinity of the Properties (such as the presence of underground storage tanks), or by third parties unrelated to the Company, or (iii) the Company&#146;s assessments reveal all environmental liabilities and that there are no material environmental liabilities of which the Company is aware. If compliance with the various laws and regulations, now existing or hereafter adopted, exceeds the Company&#146;s budgets for such items, the Company&#146;s ability to make expected distributions to stockholders could be adversely affected. 
 
 There are no other laws or regulations which have a material effect on the Company&#146;s operations, other than typical federal, state and local laws affecting the development and operation of real property, such as zoning laws. 
 
 INDUSTRY SEGMENTS 
 
 The Company operates in three industry segments: (i) commercial and other real estate, (ii) multi-family real estate, and (iii) multi-family services. As of December 31, 2016, the Company does not have any foreign operations and its business is not seasonal. Please see our financial statements attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein for financial information relating to our industry segments. 
 
 SIGNIFICANT TENANTS 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, no tenant accounted for more than 10 percent of the Company&#146;s consolidated revenues. 
 
 RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company acquired five office properties totaling 1,058,462 square feet, for a total of approximately $326.8 million, which were funded using available cash and borrowings under the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 On January 11, 2017, the Company acquired three office properties totaling approximately 280,000 square feet located in Red Bank, New Jersey, for approximately $26.8 million, which was funded primarily through borrowings under the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 8 

 Table of Contents 
 
 On February 2, 2017, the Company agreed to acquire six office properties totaling approximately 1.1 million square feet, located in Short Hills and Madison, New Jersey for approximately $368 million, subject to certain conditions. The acquisitions are expected to be completed in March 2017. 
 
 On February 3, 2017, the Operating Partnership issued 42,800 shares of a new class of 3.5 percent Series A Preferred Limited Partnership Units of the Operating Partnership (the &#147;Preferred Units&#148;). The Preferred Units were issued to the Company&#146;s partners in the Plaza VIII & IX Associates L.L.C. joint venture that owns a development site adjacent to the Company&#146;s Harborside property in Jersey City, New Jersey as consideration for their approximate 37.5 percent interest in the joint venture. Concurrent with the issuance of the Preferred Units, the Company purchased from other partners in the Plaza VIII & IX Associates L.L.C. joint venture their approximate 12.5 percent interest for approximately $14.3 million in cash. The results of these transactions increased the Company&#146;s interests in the joint venture from 50 percent to 100 percent. 
 
 On February 27, 2017, the Company reached an agreement to acquire all joint venture partner interests in Monaco, a 523-apartment, two-tower, stabilized community located in Jersey City, New Jersey. The transaction, valued at $315 million, is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017. 
 
 Dispositions 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company disposed of 30 properties in New Jersey, New York, Washington, D.C., Maryland and Massachusetts for net sales proceeds of approximately $664.5 million, with net gains of approximately $117.3 million from the dispositions. 
 
 In January and February 2017, the Company disposed of eight properties in New Jersey for net sales proceeds of approximately $45.8 million. 
 
 Development Activity 
 
 In 2014, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Ironstate Harborside-A LLC to form Harborside Unit A Urban Renewal, L.L.C. that is developing a high-rise tower of approximately 763 multi-family apartment units above a parking pedestal at the Company&#146;s Harborside complex in Jersey City, New Jersey. The Company owns an 85 percent interest in the joint venture with shared control over major decisions. The construction of the project, which is projected to be ready for occupancy by first quarter 2017, is estimated to cost $320 million (of which development costs of $301.1 million have been incurred by the venture through December 31, 2016). 
 
 In 2015, the Company commenced development of a two-phase multi-family development of the CitySquare project in Worcester, Massachusetts. The first phase, with 237 units, is under construction with anticipated initial deliveries in the fourth quarter 2017. The second phase, with 128 units, started construction in the third quarter 2016 with anticipated initial deliveries in the third quarter 2018. Total development costs for both phases are estimated to be $92 million with development costs of $34.5 million incurred through December 31, 2016. 
 
 In 2015, the Company entered into a 90-percent owned joint venture with XS Port Imperial Hotel, LLC to form XS Hotel Urban Renewal Associates LLC, which is developing a 372-key hotel in Weehawken, New Jersey. The project is estimated to cost $129.6 million, with development costs of $55.8 million incurred by the venture through December 31, 2016. 
 
 In 2016, the Company commenced the repurposing of a former office property site in Morris Plains, New Jersey into a 197-unit multi-family development project. The project, which is estimated to cost $58.7 million (of which development costs of $18.6 million have been incurred through December 31, 2016), is expected to be ready for occupancy by the fourth quarter of 2017. 
 
 In 2016, the Company started construction of a 296-unit multi-family project in East Boston, Massachusetts. The project is expected to be ready for occupancy by second quarter 2018 and is estimated to cost $111.4 million (of which development costs of $36.6 million have been incurred through December 31, 2016). 
 
 The Company is developing a 295-unit multi-family project in Weehawken, New Jersey, which began construction in first quarter 2016. The project, which is expected to be ready for occupancy by first quarter 2018, is estimated to cost $124 million (of which development costs of $42 million have been incurred through December 31, 2016). 
 
 The Company is developing a 310-unit multi-family project in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania, which began construction in third quarter 2016 with anticipated initial occupancy in fourth quarter 2018. The project is estimated to cost $89.4 million (of which development costs of $21.7 million have been incurred through December 31, 2016). 
 
 Operations 
 
 Of the Company&#146;s core office markets, most have recently shown signs of recent improvement while others have stabilized. The percentage leased in the Company&#146;s consolidated portfolio of stabilized core operating commercial properties was 90.6 percent at December 31, 2016, as compared to 89.1 percent at December 31, 2015 and 84.2 percent at December 31, 2014 (after adjusting for 
 
 9 

 Table of Contents 
 
 properties identified as non-core at the time). Percentage leased includes all leases in effect as of the period end date, some of which have commencement dates in the future and leases that expire at the period end date. Leases that expired as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 aggregate 151,655, 69,522 and 205,220 square feet, respectively, or 0.7, 0.3 and 0.8 percentage of the net rentable square footage, respectively. With the positive leasing results the Company has achieved in many of its markets recently, the Company believes that rental rates on new leases will generally be higher, on average, than rates currently being paid. Although the Company has recently achieved positive leasing activity, primarily in its core markets, if the recent leasing results do not prove to be sustaining during 2017 and beyond, the Company&#146;s rental rates it may achieve on new leases may be lower than the rates currently being paid, resulting in the potential for less revenue from the same space. 
 
 FINANCING ACTIVITY 
 
 In January 2016, the Company obtained a new $350 million unsecured term loan, which matures in January 2019 with two one-year extension options. The interest rate for the new term loan is currently 140 basis points over LIBOR, subject to adjustment on a sliding scale based on the Company&#146;s unsecured debt ratings, or at the Company&#146;s option, a defined leverage ratio. The Company entered into interest rate swap arrangements to fix LIBOR for the duration of the term loan. Including costs, the current all-in fixed rate is 3.13 percent. 
 
 Pursuant to a tender offer commenced on September 12, 2016, the Company purchased approximately $114.9 million principal amount of its 7.75 percent notes due August of 2019 (the &#147;2019 Notes&#148;) validly tendered pursuant to its tender offer. The Company funded the purchase price, including accrued and unpaid interest, of approximately $134.1 million using available cash and borrowings on the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. In connection with the purchase of these notes, the Company recorded approximately $19.3 million as a loss from extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
 
 On September 30, 2016, the Company obtained a $250 million mortgage loan, collateralized by its property at 101 Hudson Street in Jersey City, New Jersey. The mortgage loan bears an effective interest rate of 3.197 percent and matures in October 2026. 
 
 On December 28, 2016, the Company redeemed for cash all $135.1 million outstanding principal amount of the 2019 Notes. The Company funded the redemption price, including accrued and unpaid interest, of approximately $159.7 million using available cash and borrowings from its unsecured revolving credit facility. In connection with the redemption of these notes, the Company recorded approximately $21.4 million as a loss from extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company repaid mortgage debt on 15 assets aggregating $300 million that carried interest rates ranging from LIBOR+1.75 percent to 11.30 percent. Three of the assets were disposed of and 12 became unencumbered. 
 
 In January 2017, the Company closed on a $100 million mortgage loan, secured by Alterra at Overlook Ridge, its 722 unit multi-family community located in Revere, Massachusetts. The loan carries a fixed interest rate of 3.75 percent and is interest only for its seven year term. 
 
 In January 2017, the Company closed on a renewal and extension of the Company&#146;s existing $600 million unsecured revolving facility and a new $325 million unsecured delayed-draw term loan. The $600 million credit facility carries an interest rate equal to LIBOR plus 120 basis points and a facility fee of 25 basis points. The facility has a term of four years with two six-month extension options. The new $325 million delayed-draw term loan can be drawn over time within 12 months of closing with no requirement to be drawn in full. The loan carries an interest rate equal to LIBOR plus 140 basis points and a ticking fee of 25 basis points on any undrawn balance during the first 12 months after closing. The term loan matures in three years with two one-year extension options. The interest rate on the revolving credit facility and new term loan and the facility fee on the revolving credit facility are subject to adjustment, on a sliding scale, based upon the operating partnership&#146;s unsecured debt ratings, or at the Company&#146;s option, based on a defined leverage ratio. 
 
 On February 27, 2017, the Company, Roseland Residential Trust (&#147;RRT&#148;), the Company&#146;s wholly-owned subsidiary through which the Company conducts its multi-family residential real estate operations, Roseland Residential, L.P. (&#147;RRLP&#148;), the operating partnership through which RRT conducts all of its operations, and certain other affiliates of the Company entered into an investment agreement (the &#147;Investment Agreement&#148;) with affiliates of Rockpoint Group, L.L.C. and certain of its affiliates (collectively, &#147;Rockpoint&#148;). The Investment Agreement provides for multiple equity investments by Rockpoint in RRLP from time to time for up to an aggregate of $300 million of preferred units of limited partnership interests of RRLP (the &#147;Preferred Units&#148;). The initial closing under the Investment Agreement is expected to occur by mid-March 2017 for $150 million of Preferred Units, inclusive of a $30 million deposit paid by Rockpoint to RRLP on signing the Investment Agreement. Additional closings of Preferred Units to be issued and sold to Rockpoint pursuant to the Investment Agreement may occur from time to time in increments of not less than $10 million per closing, with the balance of the full $300 million by March 1, 2019. See further discussion in Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 
 The Company&#146;s internet website is www.mack-cali.com. The Company makes available free of charge on or through its website the annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished by the General Partner or the Operating Partnership pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files or furnishes such materials to the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, the Company&#146;s internet website includes other items related to corporate governance matters, including, among other things, the General Partner&#146;s corporate governance principles, charters of various committees of the Board of Directors of the General Partner and the General Partner&#146;s code of business conduct and ethics applicable to all employees, officers and directors. The General Partner intends to disclose on the Company&#146;s internet website any amendments to or waivers from its code of business conduct and ethics as well as any amendments to its corporate governance principles or the charters of various committees of the 
 
 10 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Board of Directors. Copies of these documents may be obtained, free of charge, from our internet website. Any shareholder also may obtain copies of these documents, free of charge, by sending a request in writing to: Mack-Cali Investor Relations Department, Harborside 3, 210 Hudson St., Ste. 400, Jersey City, NJ 07311. 
 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 We consider portions of this report, including the documents incorporated by reference, to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 21E of such act. Such forward-looking statements relate to, without limitation, our future economic performance, plans and objectives for future operations and projections of revenue and other financial items. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as &#147;may,&#148; &#147;will,&#148; &#147;plan,&#148; &#147;potential,&#148; &#147;projected,&#148; &#147;should,&#148; &#147;expect,&#148; &#147;anticipate,&#148; &#147;estimate,&#148; &#147;target,&#148; &#147;continue&#148; or comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which we cannot predict with accuracy and some of which we might not even anticipate. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions at the time made, we can give no assurance that such expectations will be achieved. Future events and actual results, financial and otherwise, may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
 
 Among the factors about which we have made assumptions are: 
 
 &#183; risks and uncertainties affecting the general economic climate and conditions, which in turn may have a negative effect on the fundamentals of our business and the financial condition of our tenants and residents; 
 &#183; the value of our real estate assets, which may limit our ability to dispose of assets at attractive prices or obtain or maintain debt financing secured by our properties or on an unsecured basis; 
 &#183; the extent of any tenant bankruptcies or of any early lease terminations; 
 &#183; our ability to lease or re-lease space at current or anticipated rents; 
 &#183; changes in the supply of and demand for our properties; 
 &#183; changes in interest rate levels and volatility in the securities markets; 
 &#183; our ability to complete construction and development activities on time and within budget, including without limitation obtaining regulatory permits and the availability and cost of materials, labor and equipment; 
 &#183; forward-looking financial and operational information, including information relating to future development projects, potential acquisitions or dispositions, and projected revenue and income; 
 &#183; changes in operating costs; 
 &#183; our ability to obtain adequate insurance, including coverage for terrorist acts; 
 &#183; our credit worthiness and the availability of financing on attractive terms or at all, which may adversely impact our ability to pursue acquisition and development opportunities and refinance existing debt and our future interest expense; 
 &#183; changes in governmental regulation, tax rates and similar matters; and 
 &#183; other risks associated with the development and acquisition of properties, including risks that the development may not be completed on schedule, that the tenants or residents will not take occupancy or pay rent, or that development or operating costs may be greater than anticipated. 
 
 For further information on factors which could impact us and the statements contained herein, see Item 1A: Risk Factors. We assume no obligation to update and supplement forward-looking statements that become untrue because of subsequent events, new information or otherwise. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our results from operations and ability to make distributions on our equity and debt service on our indebtedness may be affected by the risk factors set forth below. All investors should consider the following risk factors before deciding to purchase securities of the Company. The Company refers to itself as &#147;we&#148; or &#147;our&#148; in the following risk factors. 
 
 Adverse economic and geopolitical conditions in general and the Northeastern suburban office markets in particular could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and our ability to pay distributions to you. 
 
 Our business may be affected by the continuing volatility in the financial and credit markets, the general global economic conditions, continuing high unemployment, and other market or economic challenges experienced by the U.S. economy or the real estate industry 
 
 11 

 Table of Contents 
 
 as a whole. Our business also may be adversely affected by local economic conditions, as substantially all of our revenues are derived from our properties located in the Northeast, particularly in New Jersey and New York. Because our portfolio currently consists primarily of office and office/flex buildings (as compared to a more diversified real estate portfolio) located in the Northeast, if economic conditions persist or deteriorate, then our results of operations, financial condition and ability to service current debt and to pay distributions to our shareholders may be adversely affected by the following, among other potential conditions: 
 
 &#183; significant job losses in the financial and professional services industries may occur, which may decrease demand for our office space, causing market rental rates and property values to be negatively impacted; 
 &#183; our ability to borrow on terms and conditions that we find acceptable, or at all, may be limited, which could reduce our ability to pursue acquisition and development opportunities and refinance existing debt, reduce our returns from both our existing operations and our acquisition and development activities and increase our future interest expense; 
 &#183; reduced values of our properties may limit our ability to dispose of assets at attractive prices or to obtain debt financing secured by our properties and may reduce the availability of unsecured loans; 
 &#183; the value and liquidity of our short-term investments and cash deposits could be reduced as a result of a deterioration of the financial condition of the institutions that hold our cash deposits or the institutions or assets in which we have made short-term investments, the dislocation of the markets for our short-term investments, increased volatility in market rates for such investments or other factors; 
 &#183; reduced liquidity in debt markets and increased credit risk premiums for certain market participants may impair our ability to access capital; and 
 &#183; one or more lenders under our line of credit could refuse or be unable to fund their financing commitment to us and we may not be able to replace the financing commitment of any such lenders on favorable terms, or at all. 
 
 These conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions, may continue or worsen in the future. 
 
 Our performance is subject to risks associated with the real estate industry. 
 
 General : Our business and our ability to make distributions or payments to our investors depend on the ability of our properties to generate funds in excess of operating expenses (including scheduled principal payments on debt and capital expenditures). Events or conditions that are beyond our control may adversely affect our operations and the value of our properties. Such events or conditions could include: 
 
 &#183; changes in the general economic climate and conditions; 
 &#183; changes in local conditions, such as an oversupply of office space, a reduction in demand for office space, or reductions in office market rental rates; 
 &#183; an oversupply or reduced demand for multi-family apartments caused by a decline in household formation, decline in employment or otherwise; 
 &#183; decreased attractiveness of our properties to tenants and residents; 
 &#183; competition from other office and office/flex and multi-family properties; 
 &#183; development by competitors of competing multi-family communities; 
 &#183; unwillingness of tenants to pay rent increases; 
 &#183; rent control or rent stabilization laws, or other housing laws and regulations that could prevent us from raising multi-family rents to offset increases in operating costs; 
 &#183; our inability to provide adequate maintenance; 
 &#183; increased operating costs, including insurance premiums, utilities and real estate taxes, due to inflation and other factors which may not necessarily be offset by increased rents; 
 &#183; changes in laws and regulations (including tax, environmental, zoning and building codes, landlord/tenant and other housing laws and regulations) and agency or court interpretations of such laws and regulations and the related costs of compliance; 
 &#183; changes in interest rate levels and the availability of financing; 
 &#183; the inability of a significant number of tenants or residents to pay rent; 
 &#183; our inability to rent office or multi-family rental space on favorable terms; and 
 &#183; civil unrest, earthquakes, acts of terrorism and other natural disasters or acts of God that may result in uninsured losses. 
 
 We may suffer adverse consequences if our revenues decline since our operating costs do not necessarily decline in proportion to our revenue : We earn a significant portion of our income from renting our properties. Our operating costs, however, do not necessarily fluctuate in relation to changes in our rental revenue. This means that our costs will not necessarily decline even if our revenues do. Our 
 
 12 

 Table of Contents 
 
 operating costs could also increase while our revenues do not. If our operating costs increase but our rental revenues do not, we may be forced to borrow to cover our costs and we may incur losses. Such losses may adversely affect our ability to make distributions or payments to our investors. 
 
 Financially distressed tenants may be unable to pay rent : If a tenant defaults, we may experience delays and incur substantial costs in enforcing our rights as landlord and protecting our investments. If a tenant files for bankruptcy, we cannot evict the tenant solely because of the bankruptcy and a potential court judgment rejecting and terminating such tenant&#146;s lease (which would subject all future unpaid rent to a statutory cap) could adversely affect our ability to make distributions or payments to our investors as we may be unable to replace the defaulting tenant with a new tenant at a comparable rental rate without incurring significant expenses or a reduction in rental income. 
 
 Renewing leases or re-letting space could be costly : If a tenant does not renew its lease upon expiration or terminates its lease early, we may not be able to re-lease the space on favorable terms or at all. If a tenant does renew its lease or we re-lease the space, the terms of the renewal or new lease, including the cost of required renovations or concessions to the tenant, may be less favorable than the current lease terms, which could adversely affect our ability to make distributions or payments to our investors. 
 
 Adverse developments concerning some of our major tenants and industry concentrations could have a negative impact on our revenue : We have tenants concentrated in various industries that may be experiencing adverse effects of current economic conditions. For instance, 16.1 percent of our revenue is derived from tenants in the Securities, Commodity Contracts and Other Financial industry, 10.7 percent from tenants in the Insurance Carriers and Related Activities industry and 9.4 percent from tenants in the Credit Intermediation and Related Activities industry. Our business could be adversely affected if any of these industries suffered a downturn and/or these tenants or any other tenants became insolvent, declared bankruptcy or otherwise refused to pay rent in a timely manner or at all. 
 
 Our insurance coverage on our properties may be inadequate or our insurance providers may default on their obligations to pay claims : We currently carry comprehensive insurance on all of our properties, including insurance for liability, fire and flood. We cannot guarantee that the limits of our current policies will be sufficient in the event of a catastrophe to our properties. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to renew or duplicate our current insurance coverage in adequate amounts or at reasonable prices. In addition, while our current insurance policies insure us against loss from terrorist acts and toxic mold, in the future, insurance companies may no longer offer coverage against these types of losses, or, if offered, these types of insurance may be prohibitively expensive. If any or all of the foregoing should occur, we may not have insurance coverage against certain types of losses and/or there may be decreases in the limits of insurance available. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of our insured limits occur, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property or properties, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property or properties. Nevertheless, we might remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property or properties. We cannot guarantee that material losses in excess of insurance proceeds will not occur in the future. If any of our properties were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could seriously disrupt our operations, delay revenue and result in large expenses to repair or rebuild the property. Such events could adversely affect our ability to make distributions or payments to our investors. If one or more of our insurance providers were to fail to pay a claim as a result of insolvency, bankruptcy or otherwise, the nonpayment of such claims could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if one or more of our insurance providers were to become subject to insolvency, bankruptcy or other proceedings and our insurance policies with the provider were terminated or canceled as a result of those proceedings, we cannot guarantee that we would be able to find alternative coverage in adequate amounts or at reasonable prices. In such case, we could experience a lapse in any or adequate insurance coverage with respect to one or more properties and be exposed to potential losses relating to any claims that may arise during such period of lapsed or inadequate coverage. 
 
 Illiquidity of real estate limits our ability to act quickly : Real estate investments are relatively illiquid. Such illiquidity may limit our ability to react quickly in response to changes in economic and other conditions. If we want to sell an investment, we might not be able to dispose of that investment in the time period we desire, and the sales price of that investment might not recoup or exceed the amount of our investment. The prohibition in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the &#147;Code&#148;), and related regulations on a real estate investment trust holding property for sale also may restrict our ability to sell property. In addition, we acquired a significant number of our properties from individuals to whom the Operating Partnership issued Units as part of the purchase price. In connection with the acquisition of these properties, in order to preserve such individual&#146;s income tax deferral, we contractually agreed not to sell or otherwise transfer the properties for a specified period of time, except in a manner which does not result in recognition of any built-in-gain (which may result in an income tax liability) or which reimburses the appropriate individuals for the income tax consequences of the recognition of such built-in-gains. These restrictions expired in February 2016. Upon the expiration of such restrictions we are generally required to use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent any sale, transfer or other disposition of the subject properties from resulting in the recognition of built-in gain to the appropriate individuals. 107 of our properties, with an 
 
 13 

 Table of Contents 
 
 aggregate net book value of approximately $1.2 billion, have lapsed restrictions and are subject to these conditions. The above limitations on our ability to sell our investments could adversely affect our ability to make distributions or payments to our investors. 
 
 We may not be able to dispose of non-core office assets within our anticipated timeframe or at favorable prices : The Company is considering that it may sell over time properties at total estimated sales proceeds of up to $450 million. While we intend to dispose of these properties opportunistically over time, there can be no assurance that these dispositions will be completed during the three year period of our strategic initiative. In addition, market conditions will impact our ability to dispose of these properties, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in disposing of these properties for their estimated sales prices. A failure to dispose of these properties for their estimated market values as planned could have a material adverse effect on our ability to finance our acquisition and development plans. 
 
 New acquisitions, including acquisitions of multi-family rental real estate, may fail to perform as expected and will subject us to additional new risks : We intend to and may acquire new properties, primarily in the multi-family rental sector, assuming that we are able to obtain capital on favorable terms. Such newly acquired properties may not perform as expected and may subject us to unknown liability with respect to liabilities relating to such properties for clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination or claims by tenants, residents, vendors or other persons against the former owners of the properties. Inaccurate assumptions regarding future rental or occupancy rates could result in overly optimistic estimates of future revenues. In addition, future operating expenses or the costs necessary to bring an acquired property up to standards established for its intended market position may be underestimated. The search for and process of acquiring such properties will also require a substantial amount of management&#146;s time and attention. As our portfolio shifts from primarily commercial office properties to increasingly more multi-family rental properties we will face additional and new risks such as: 
 
 &#183; shorter-term leases of one-year on average for multi-family rental communities, which allow residents to leave after the term of the lease without penalty; 
 &#183; increased competition from other housing sources such as other multi-family rental communities, condominiums and single-family houses that are available for rent as well as for sale; 
 &#183; dependency on the convenience and attractiveness of the communities or neighborhoods in which our multi-family rental properties are located and the quality of local schools and other amenities; 
 &#183; dependency on the financial condition of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac which provide a major source of financing to the multi-family rental sector; and 
 &#183; compliance with housing and other new regulations. 
 
 Americans with Disabilities Act compliance could be costly : Under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (&#147;ADA&#148;), all public accommodations and commercial facilities must meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. Compliance with the ADA requirements could involve removal of structural barriers from certain disabled persons&#146; entrances. Other federal, state and local laws may require modifications to or restrict further renovations of our properties with respect to such accesses. Although we believe that our properties are substantially in compliance with present requirements, noncompliance with the ADA or related laws or regulations could result in the United States government imposing fines or private litigants being awarded damages against us. Such costs may adversely affect our ability to make distributions or payments to our investors. 
 
 Environmental problems are possible and may be costly : Various federal, state and local laws and regulations subject property owners or operators to liability for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances located on or in the property. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator was responsible for or even knew of the presence of such substances. The presence of or failure to properly remediate hazardous or toxic substances (such as toxic mold, lead paint and asbestos) may adversely affect our ability to rent, sell or borrow against contaminated property and may impose liability upon us for personal injury to persons exposed to such substances. Various laws and regulations also impose liability on persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances at another location for the costs of removal or remediation of such substances at the disposal or treatment facility. These laws often impose liability whether or not the person arranging for such disposal ever owned or operated the disposal facility. Certain other environmental laws and regulations impose liability on owners or operators of property for injuries relating to the release of asbestos-containing or other materials into the air, water or otherwise into the environment. As owners and operators of property and as potential arrangers for hazardous substance disposal, we may be liable under such laws and regulations for removal or remediation costs, governmental penalties, property damage, personal injuries and related expenses. Payment of such costs and expenses could adversely affect our ability to make distributions or payments to our investors. 
 
 We face risks associated with property acquisitions : We have acquired in the past, and our long-term strategy is to continue to pursue the acquisition of properties and portfolios of properties in New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania and in the Northeast generally, 
 
 14 

 Table of Contents 
 
 and particularly residential properties, including large real estate portfolios that could increase our size and result in alterations to our capital structure. We may be competing for investment opportunities with entities that have greater financial resources. Several developers and real estate companies may compete with us in seeking properties for acquisition, land for development and prospective tenants. Such competition may adversely affect our ability to make distributions or payments to our investors by: 
 
 &#183; reducing the number of suitable investment opportunities offered to us; 
 &#183; increasing the bargaining power of property owners; 
 &#183; interfering with our ability to attract and retain tenants; 
 &#183; increasing vacancies which lowers market rental rates and limits our ability to negotiate rental rates; and/or 
 &#183; adversely affecting our ability to minimize expenses of operation. 
 
 Our acquisition activities and their success are subject to the following risks: 
 
 &#183; adequate financing to complete acquisitions may not be available on favorable terms or at all as a result of the continuing volatility in the financial and credit markets; 
 &#183; even if we enter into an acquisition agreement for a property, we may be unable to complete that acquisition and risk the loss of certain non-refundable deposits and incurring certain other acquisition-related costs; 
 &#183; the actual costs of repositioning or redeveloping acquired properties may be greater than our estimates; 
 &#183; any acquisition agreement will likely contain conditions to closing, including completion of due diligence investigations to our satisfaction or other conditions that are not within our control, which may not be satisfied; and 
 &#183; we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations, and acquired properties may fail to perform as expected; which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Development of real estate, including the development of multi-family rental real estate could be costly : As part of our operating strategy, we may acquire land for development or construct on owned land, under certain conditions. Included among the risks of the real estate development business are the following, which may adversely affect our ability to make distributions or payments to our investors: 
 
 &#183; financing for development projects may not be available on favorable terms; 
 &#183; long-term financing may not be available upon completion of construction; 
 &#183; failure to complete construction and lease-up on schedule or within budget may increase debt service expense and construction and other costs; and 
 &#183; failure to rent the development at all or at rent levels originally contemplated. 
 
 Property ownership through joint ventures could subject us to the contrary business objectives of our co-venturers : We, from time to time, invest in joint ventures or partnerships in which we do not hold a controlling interest in the assets underlying the entities in which we invest, including joint ventures in which (i) we own a direct interest in an entity which controls such assets, or (ii) we own a direct interest in an entity which owns indirect interests, through one or more intermediaries, of such assets. These investments involve risks that do not exist with properties in which we own a controlling interest with respect to the underlying assets, including the possibility that (i) our co-venturers or partners may, at any time, become insolvent or otherwise refuse to make capital contributions when due, (ii) we may be responsible to our co-venturers or partners for indemnifiable losses, (iii) we may become liable with respect to guarantees of payment or performance by the joint ventures, (iv) we may become subject to buy-sell arrangements which could cause us to sell our interests or acquire our co-venturer&#146;s or partner&#146;s interests in a joint venture, or (v) our co-venturers or partners may, at any time, have business, economic or other objectives that are inconsistent with our objectives. Because we lack a controlling interest, our co-venturers or partners may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives. While we seek protective rights against such contrary actions, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in procuring any such protective rights, or if procured, that the rights will be sufficient to fully protect us against contrary actions. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of available funds that we may invest in joint ventures or partnerships. If the objectives of our co-venturers or partners are inconsistent with ours, it may adversely affect our ability to make distributions or payments to our investors. 
 
 Our performance is subject to risks associated with repositioning a significant portion of the Company&#146;s portfolio from office to multi-family rental properties. 
 
 Repositioning the Company&#146;s office portfolio may result in impairment charges or less than expected returns on office properties : There can be no assurance that the Company, as it seeks to reposition a portion of its portfolio from office to the multi-family rental sector will be able to sell office properties and purchase multi-family rental properties at prices that in the aggregate are 
 
 15 

 Table of Contents 
 
 profitable for the Company or are efficient use of its capital or that would not result in a reduction of the Company&#146;s cash flow. Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, it also may be difficult for the Company to promptly sell its office properties that are held or may be designated for sale promptly or on favorable terms, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s financial condition. In addition, as the Company identifies non-core office properties that may be held for sale or that it intends to hold for a shorter period of time than previously, it may determine that the carrying value of a property is not recoverable over the anticipated holding period of the property. As a result, the Company may incur impairment charges for certain of these properties to reduce their carrying values to the estimated fair market values. See Note 3: Recent Transactions &#151; Impairments on Properties Held and Used. Moreover, as the Company seeks to reposition a portion of its portfolio from office to the multi-family rental sector, the Company may be subject to a Federal income tax on gain from sales of properties due to limitations in the Code and related regulations on a real estate investment trust&#146;s ability to sell properties. The Company intends to structure its property dispositions in a tax-efficient manner and avoid the prohibition in the Code against a real estate investment trust holding properties for sale. There is no guaranty, however, that such dispositions can be achieved without the imposition of federal income tax on any gain recognized. 
 
 Unfavorable changes in market and economic conditions could adversely affect multi-family rental occupancy, rental rates, operating expenses, and the overall market value of our assets, including joint ventures. Local conditions that may adversely affect conditions in multi-family residential markets include the following : 
 
 &#183; plant closings, industry slowdowns and other factors that adversely affect the local economy; 
 &#183; an oversupply of, or a reduced demand for, apartment units; 
 &#183; a decline in household formation or employment or lack of employment growth; 
 &#183; the inability or unwillingness of residents to pay rent increases; 
 &#183; rent control or rent stabilization laws, or other laws regulating housing, that could prevent us from raising rents to offset increases in operating costs; and 
 &#183; economic conditions that could cause an increase in our operating expenses, such as increases in property taxes, utilities, compensation of on-site associates and routine maintenance. 
 
 Changes in applicable laws, or noncompliance with applicable laws, could adversely affect our operations or expose us to liability : We must develop, construct and operate our communities in compliance with numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, some of which may conflict with one another or be subject to limited judicial or regulatory interpretations. These laws and regulations may include zoning laws, building codes, landlord tenant laws and other laws generally applicable to business operations. Noncompliance with applicable laws could expose us to liability. Lower revenue growth or significant unanticipated expenditures may result from our need to comply with changes in (i) laws imposing remediation requirements and the potential liability for environmental conditions existing on properties or the restrictions on discharges or other conditions, (ii) rent control or rent stabilization laws or other residential landlord/tenant laws, or (iii) other governmental rules and regulations or enforcement policies affecting the development, use and operation of our communities, including changes to building codes and fire and life-safety codes. 
 
 Failure to succeed in new markets, or with new brands and community formats, or in activities other than the development, ownership and operation of residential rental communities may have adverse consequences : We are actively engaged in development and acquisition activity in new submarkets within our core, Northeast markets where we have owned and operated our historical portfolio of office properties. Our historical experience with properties in our core, Northeast markets in developing, owning and operating properties does not ensure that we will be able to operate successfully in the new multi-family submarkets. We will be exposed to a variety of risks in the multi-family submarkets, including: 
 
 &#183; an inability to accurately evaluate local apartment market conditions; 
 &#183; an inability to obtain land for development or to identify appropriate acquisition opportunities; 
 &#183; an acquired property may fail to perform as we expected in analyzing our investment ; 
 &#183; our estimate of the costs of repositioning or developing an acquired property may prove inaccurate; and 
 &#183; lack of familiarity with local governmental and permitting procedures. 
 
 Our real estate construction management activities are subject to risks particular to third-party construction projects. 
 
 As we may perform fixed price construction services for third parties, we are subject to a variety of risks unique to these activities. If construction costs of a project exceed original estimates, such costs may have to be absorbed by us, thereby making the project less profitable than originally estimated, or possibly not profitable at all. In addition, a construction project may be delayed due to government or regulatory approvals, supply shortages, or other events and circumstances beyond our control, or the time required to complete a construction project may be greater than originally anticipated. If any such excess costs or project delays were to be 
 
 16 

 Table of Contents 
 
 material, such events may adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity and thereby impact our ability to make distributions or payments to our investors. 
 
 Debt financing could adversely affect our economic performance. 
 
 Scheduled debt payments and refinancing could adversely affect our financial condition : We are subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing. These risks, including the following, may adversely affect our ability to make distributions or payments to our investors: 
 
 &#183; our cash flow may be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest; 
 &#183; payments of principal and interest on borrowings may leave us with insufficient cash resources to pay operating expenses; 
 &#183; we may not be able to refinance indebtedness on our properties at maturity; and 
 &#183; if refinanced, the terms of refinancing may not be as favorable as the original terms of the related indebtedness. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, we had total outstanding indebtedness of $2.3 billion comprised of $817 million of senior unsecured notes, borrowings of $350 million under an unsecured term loan, outstanding borrowings of $286 million under our unsecured revolving credit facility and approximately $888 million of mortgages, loans payable and other obligations. We may have to refinance the principal due on our current or future indebtedness at maturity, and we may not be able to do so. 
 
 If we are unable to refinance our indebtedness on acceptable terms, or at all, events or conditions that may adversely affect our ability to make distributions or payments to our investors include the following: 
 
 &#183; we may need to dispose of one or more of our properties upon disadvantageous terms or adjust our capital expenditures in general or with respect to our strategy of acquiring multi-family residential properties and development opportunities in particular; 
 &#183; prevailing interest rates or other factors at the time of refinancing could increase interest rates and, therefore, our interest expense; 
 &#183; we may be subject to an event of default pursuant to covenants for our indebtedness; 
 &#183; if we mortgage property to secure payment of indebtedness and are unable to meet mortgage payments, the mortgagee could foreclose upon such property or appoint a receiver to receive an assignment of our rents and leases; and 
 &#183; foreclosures upon mortgaged property could create taxable income without accompanying cash proceeds and, therefore, hinder our ability to meet the real estate investment trust distribution requirements of the Code. 
 
 We are obligated to comply with financial covenants in our indebtedness that could restrict our range of operating activities : The mortgages on our properties contain customary negative covenants, including limitations on our ability, without the prior consent of the lender, to further mortgage the property, to enter into new leases outside of stipulated guidelines or to materially modify existing leases. In addition, our unsecured revolving credit facility and term loans each contains customary requirements, including restrictions and other limitations on our ability to incur debt, debt to assets ratios, secured debt to total assets ratios, interest coverage ratios and minimum ratios of unencumbered assets to unsecured debt. The indentures under which our senior unsecured debt have been issued contain financial and operating covenants including coverage ratios and limitations on our ability to incur secured and unsecured debt. These covenants limit our flexibility in conducting our operations and create a risk of default on our indebtedness if we cannot continue to satisfy them. Some of our debt instruments are cross-collateralized and contain cross default provisions with other debt instruments. Due to this cross-collateralization, a failure or default with respect to certain debt instruments or properties could have an adverse impact on us or our properties that are subject to the cross-collateralization under the applicable debt instrument. Failure to comply with these covenants could cause a default under the agreements and, in certain circumstances, our lenders may be entitled to accelerate our debt obligations. Defaults under our debt agreements could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Rising interest rates may adversely affect our cash flow : As of December 31, 2016, outstanding borrowings of approximately $286 million under our unsecured revolving credit facility and approximately $195 million of our mortgage indebtedness bear interest at variable rates. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future that bears interest at variable rates. Variable rate debt creates higher debt service requirements if market interest rates increase. Higher debt service requirements could adversely affect our ability to make distributions or payments to our investors and/or cause us to default under certain debt covenants. 
 
 Our degree of leverage could adversely affect our cash flow : We fund acquisition opportunities and development partially through short-term borrowings (including our unsecured revolving credit facility), as well as from proceeds from property sales and undistributed cash. We expect to refinance projects purchased with short-term debt either with long-term indebtedness or equity 
 
 17 

 Table of Contents 
 
 financing depending upon the economic conditions at the time of refinancing. The Board of Directors has a general policy of limiting the ratio of our indebtedness to total undepreciated assets (total debt as a percentage of total undepreciated assets) to 50 percent or less, although there is no limit in our organizational documents on the amount of indebtedness that we may incur. However, we have entered into certain financial agreements which contain financial and operating covenants that limit our ability under certain circumstances to incur additional secured and unsecured indebtedness. The Board of Directors could alter or eliminate its current policy on borrowing at any time at its discretion. If this policy were changed, we could become more highly leveraged, resulting in an increase in debt service that could adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to make distributions or payments to our investors and/or could cause an increased risk of default on our obligations. 
 
 We are dependent on external sources of capital for future growth : To qualify as a real estate investment trust under the Code, the General Partner must distribute to its shareholders each year at least 90 percent of its net taxable income, excluding any net capital gain. Because of this distribution requirement, it is not likely that we will be able to fund all future capital needs, including for acquisitions and developments, from income from operations. Therefore, we will have to rely on third-party sources of capital, which may or may not be available on favorable terms or at all. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends on a number of things, including the market&#146;s perception of our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings. Moreover, additional equity offerings may result in substantial dilution of our shareholders&#146; interests, and additional debt financing may substantially increase our leverage. 
 
 Adverse changes in our credit ratings could adversely affect our business and financial condition : The credit ratings assigned to our senior unsecured notes by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (the &#147;NRSROs&#148;) are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall financial position and other factors employed by the NRSROs in their rating analyses of us. These ratings and similar ratings of us and any debt or preferred securities we may issue are subject to ongoing evaluation by the NRSROs, and we cannot assure you that any such ratings will not be changed by the NRSROs if, in their judgment, circumstances warrant. Our credit ratings can affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms of any financings we may obtain. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings, and in the event our current credit ratings are downgraded, we would likely incur higher borrowing costs and may encounter difficulty in obtaining additional financing. 
 
 Competition for skilled personnel could increase our labor costs. 
 
 We compete with various other companies in attracting and retaining qualified and skilled personnel. We depend on our ability to attract and retain skilled management personnel who are responsible for the day-to-day operations of our company. Competitive pressures may require that we enhance our pay and benefits package to compete effectively for such personnel. We may not be able to offset such added costs by increasing the rates we charge our tenants. If there is an increase in these costs or if we fail to attract and retain qualified and skilled personnel, our business and operating results could be harmed. 
 
 We are dependent on our key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed. 
 
 We are dependent upon key personnel for strategic business direction and real estate experience, including our chief executive officer, our president and chief operating officer, and our chief financial officer, chief investment officer, general counsel, executive vice president of leasing, chairman of Roseland and president, and chief operating officer of Roseland. While we believe that we could find replacements for these key personnel, loss of their services could adversely affect our operations. We do not have key man life insurance for our key personnel. In addition, as the Company seeks to reposition a portion of its portfolio from office to the multi-family rental sector, the Company may become increasingly dependent on non-executive personnel with residential development and leasing expertise to effectively execute the Company&#146;s long-term strategy. 
 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law and the General Partner&#146;s charter and bylaws could hinder, delay or prevent changes in control. 
 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law and General Partner&#146;s charter and bylaws have the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing transactions that involve an actual or threatened change in control. These provisions include the following: 
 
 Classified Board of Directors : The General Partner&#146;s Board of Directors is divided into three classes with staggered terms of office of three years each. At the 2015 annual meeting of stockholders, stockholders approved amendments to the General Partner&#146;s charter and bylaws to declassify its Board of Directors over a three year period from 2015 through 2017 such that each director whose term expires at the annual meeting of stockholders in 2015 through 2017 will be elected to hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders following their election, instead of the third-succeeding annual meeting, and until their successors are elected and qualify. During this transition period, the General Partner&#146;s Board of Directors will remain classified with respect to the directors whose three year terms have not yet expired during such period. The classification and staggered terms of office of the General Partner&#146;s directors make it more difficult for a third party to gain control of General Partner&#146;s board of directors. At least two annual meetings of stockholders, instead of one, generally would be required to affect a change in a majority of the General Partner&#146;s Board of Directors. Effective at the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders, the General Partner&#146;s Board of Directors will be fully declassified. 
 
 18 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Maryland law permits a board of directors to classify itself at any time, and the General Partner&#146;s Board of Directors has reserved the right to do so under Maryland law. 
 
 Removal of Directors : Under the General Partner&#146;s charter, subject to the rights of one or more classes or series of preferred stock to elect one or more directors, a director may be removed only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all votes entitled to be cast by our stockholders generally in the election of directors. Neither the Maryland General Corporation Law nor the General Partner&#146;s charter define the term &#147;cause.&#148; As a result, removal for &#147;cause&#148; is subject to Maryland common law and to judicial interpretation and review in the context of the facts and circumstances of any particular situation. 
 
 Number of Directors, Board Vacancies, Terms of Office : The General Partner has, in its bylaws, elected to be subject to certain provisions of Maryland law which vest in the Board of Directors the exclusive right to determine the number of directors and the exclusive right, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, to fill vacancies on the board. These provisions of Maryland law, which are applicable even if other provisions of Maryland law or the charter or bylaws provide to the contrary, also provide that any director elected to fill a vacancy shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred, rather than the next annual meeting of stockholders as would otherwise be the case, and until his or her successor is elected and qualifies. The General Partner has, in its corporate governance principles, adopted a mandatory retirement age of 80 years old for directors. 
 
 Stockholder Requested Special Meetings : The General Partner&#146;s bylaws provide that its stockholders have the right to call a special meeting only upon the written request of the stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast by the stockholders at such meeting. 
 
 Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Nominations and Proposals : The General Partner&#146;s bylaws require advance written notice for stockholders to nominate persons for election as directors at, or to bring other business before, any meeting of stockholders. This bylaw provision limits the ability of stockholders to make nominations of persons for election as directors or to introduce other proposals unless we are notified in a timely manner prior to the meeting. 
 
 Exclusive Authority of the Board to Amend the Bylaws : The General Partner&#146;s bylaws provide that its board of directors has the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of the bylaws or to make new bylaws. Thus, its stockholders may not effect any changes to its bylaws. 
 
 Preferred Stock : Under the General Partner&#146;s charter, its Board of Directors has authority to issue preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and to establish the terms, preferences and rights of any such series of preferred stock, all without approval of its stockholders. As a result, its Board of Directors may establish a series of preferred stock that could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control. 
 
 Duties of Directors with Respect to Unsolicited Takeovers : Maryland law provides protection for Maryland corporations against unsolicited takeovers by limiting, among other things, the duties of the directors in unsolicited takeover situations. The duties of directors of Maryland corporations do not require them to (a) accept, recommend or respond to any proposal by a person seeking to acquire control of the corporation, (b) authorize the corporation to redeem any rights under, or modify or render inapplicable, any stockholders rights plan, (c) make a determination under the Maryland Business Combination Act or the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act, or (d) act or fail to act solely because of the effect the act or failure to act may have on an acquisition or potential acquisition of control of the corporation or the amount or type of consideration that may be offered or paid to the stockholders in an acquisition. Maryland law also contains a statutory presumption that an act of a director of a Maryland corporation satisfies the applicable standards of conduct for directors under Maryland law. 
 
 Ownership Limit : In order to preserve the General Partner&#146;s status as a real estate investment trust under the Code, its charter generally prohibits any single stockholder, or any group of affiliated stockholders, from beneficially owning more than 9.8 percent of its outstanding capital stock unless its Board of Directors waives or modifies this ownership limit. 
 
 Maryland Business Combination Act : The Maryland Business Combination Act provides that unless exempted, a Maryland corporation may not engage in certain business combinations, including mergers, consolidations, share exchanges or, in circumstances specified in the statute, asset transfers, issuances or reclassifications of shares of stock and other specified transactions, with an &#147;interested stockholder&#148; or an affiliate of an interested stockholder, for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder, and thereafter unless specified criteria are met. An interested stockholder is generally a person owning or controlling, directly or indirectly, 10 percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding stock of the Maryland corporation. The General Partner&#146;s board of directors has exempted from this statute business combinations between the Company 
 
 19 

 Table of Contents 
 
 and certain affiliated individuals and entities. However, unless its board adopts other exemptions, the provisions of the Maryland Business Combination Act will be applicable to business combinations with other persons. 
 
 Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act : Maryland law provides that holders of &#147;control shares&#148; of a corporation acquired in a &#147;control share acquisition&#148; shall have no voting rights with respect to the control shares except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the votes eligible to cast on the matter under the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act. &#147;Control shares&#148; means shares of stock that, if aggregated with all other shares of stock previously acquired by the acquirer, would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of the voting power: one-tenth or more but less than one-third, one-third or more but less than a majority or a majority or more of all voting power. A &#147;control share acquisition&#148; means the acquisition of control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 If voting rights of control shares acquired in a control share acquisition are not approved at a stockholder&#146;s meeting, then subject to certain conditions and limitations, the issuer may redeem any or all of the control shares for fair value. If voting rights of such control shares are approved at a stockholder&#146;s meeting and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares of stock entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The General Partner&#146;s bylaws contain a provision exempting from the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act any acquisitions of shares by certain affiliated individuals and entities, any directors, officers or employees of the Company and any person approved by the board of directors prior to the acquisition by such person of control shares. Any control shares acquired in a control share acquisition which are not exempt under the foregoing provisions of our bylaws will be subject to the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act. 
 
 Consequences of the General Partner&#146;s failure to qualify as a real estate investment trust could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 
 Failure to maintain ownership limits could cause the General Partner to lose its qualification as a real estate investment trust : In order for the General Partner to maintain its qualification as a real estate investment trust under the Code, not more than 50 percent in value of its outstanding stock may be actually and/or constructively owned by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities). The General Partner has limited the ownership of its outstanding shares of common stock by any single stockholder to 9.8 percent of the outstanding shares of its common stock. Its Board of Directors could waive this restriction if it was satisfied, based upon the advice of tax counsel or otherwise, that such action would be in the best interests of the General Partner and its stockholders and would not affect its qualification as a real estate investment trust under the Code. Common stock acquired or transferred in breach of the limitation may be redeemed by us for the lesser of the price paid and the average closing price for the 10 trading days immediately preceding redemption or sold at the direction of the General Partner. The General Partner may elect to redeem such shares of common stock for Units, which are nontransferable except in very limited circumstances. Any transfer of shares of common stock which, as a result of such transfer, causes the General Partner to be in violation of any ownership limit, will be deemed void. Although the General Partner currently intends to continue to operate in a manner which will enable it to continue to qualify as a real estate investment trust under the Code, it is possible that future economic, market, legal, tax or other considerations may cause its Board of Directors to revoke the election for the General Partner&#146;s to qualify as a real estate investment trust. Under the General Partner&#146;s organizational documents, its Board of Directors can make such revocation without the consent of its stockholders. 
 
 In addition, the consent of the holders of at least 85 percent of the Operating Partnership&#146;s partnership units is required: (i) to merge (or permit the merger of) the Operating Partnership with another unrelated person, pursuant to a transaction in which the Operating Partnership is not the surviving entity; (ii) to dissolve, liquidate or wind up the Operating Partnership; or (iii) to convey or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of the Operating Partnership&#146;s assets. As of February 24, 2017, the General Partner, owns approximately 89.7 percent of the Operating Partnership&#146;s outstanding common partnership units. 
 
 Tax liabilities as a consequence of failure to qualify as a real estate investment trust : the General Partner has elected to be treated and have operated so as to qualify as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes since the General Partner&#146;s taxable year ended December 31, 1994. Although the General Partner believes it will continue to operate in such manner, it cannot guarantee that it will do so. Qualification as a real estate investment trust involves the satisfaction of various requirements (some on an annual and some on a quarterly basis) established under highly technical and complex tax provisions of the Code. Because few judicial or administrative interpretations of such provisions exist and qualification determinations are fact sensitive, the General Partner cannot assure you that it will qualify as a real estate investment trust for any taxable year. 
 
 If the General Partner fails to qualify as a real estate investment trust in any taxable year, it will be subject to the following: 
 
 &#183; it will not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to shareholders; 
 &#183; it will be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates, including any alternative minimum tax, if applicable; and 
 
 20 

 Table of Contents 
 
 &#183; unless it is entitled to relief under certain statutory provisions, it will not be permitted to qualify as a real estate investment trust for the four taxable years following the year during which was disqualified. 
 
 A loss the General Partner&#146;s status as a real estate investment trust could have an adverse effect on us. Failure to qualify as a real estate investment trust also would eliminate the requirement that the General Partner pay dividends to its stockholders. 
 
 Other tax liabilities : Even if the General Partner qualifies as a real estate investment trust under the Code, its subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and property and, in some circumstances, certain other state and local taxes. From time to time changes in state and local tax laws or regulations are enacted, which may result in an increase in our tax liability. A shortfall in tax revenues for states and municipalities in which we operate may lead to an increase in the frequency and amount of such increase. These actions could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our taxable REIT subsidiaries will be subject to federal, state and local income tax for income received in connection with certain non-customary services performed for tenants and/or third parties. 
 
 Risk of changes in the tax law applicable to real estate investment trusts : Since the Internal Revenue Service, the United States Treasury Department and Congress frequently review federal income tax legislation, we cannot predict whether, when or to what extent new federal tax laws, regulations, interpretations or rulings will be adopted. Any such legislative action may prospectively or retroactively modify our tax treatment and, therefore, may adversely affect taxation of us, and/or our investors. 
 
 S ecurity breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer . 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our tenants and business partners, including personally identifiable information of our tenants and employees, in our data centers and on our networks. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, disrupt our operations, and damage our reputation, which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We face possible risks associated with the physical effects of climate change. 
 
 We cannot predict with certainty whether climate change is occurring and, if so, at what rate. However, the physical effects of climate change could have a material adverse effect on our properties, operations and business. For example, many of our properties are located along the East coast, particularly those in New Jersey, New York and Connecticut. To the extent climate change causes changes in weather patterns, our markets could experience increases in storm intensity and rising sea-levels. Over time, these conditions could result in declining demand for office space in our buildings or the inability of us to operate the buildings at all. Climate change may also have indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of (or making unavailable) property insurance on terms we find acceptable, increasing the cost of energy and increasing the cost of snow removal or related costs at our properties. Proposed legislation to address climate change could increase utility and other costs of operating our properties which, if not offset by rising rental income, would reduce our net income. There can be no assurance that climate change will not have a material adverse effect on our properties, operations or business. 
 
 Changes in market conditions could adversely affect the market price of the General Partner&#146;s common stock. 
 
 As with other publicly traded equity securities, the value of the General Partner&#146;s common stock depends on various market conditions, which may change from time to time. The market price of the General Partner&#146;s common stock could change in ways that may or may not be related to our business, the General Partner&#146;s industry or our operating performance and financial condition. Among the market conditions that may affect the value of the General Partner&#146;s common stock are the following: 
 
 &#183; the extent of your interest in us; 
 &#183; the general reputation of REITs and the attractiveness of the General Partner&#146;s equity securities in comparison to other equity securities, including securities issued by other real estate-based companies; 
 &#183; our financial performance; and 
 &#183; general stock and bond market conditions. 
 
 The market value of the General Partner&#146;s common stock is based primarily upon the market&#146;s perception of our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings and cash dividends. Consequently, the General Partner&#146;s common stock may trade at prices that are higher or lower than its net asset value per share of common stock. 
 
 21 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 PROPERTY LIST 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Company&#146;s Consolidated Properties consisted of 190 in-service commercial office and flex properties, as well as nine multi-family properties. The Consolidated Properties are located primarily in the Northeast. The Consolidated Properties are easily accessible from major thoroughfares and are in close proximity to numerous amenities. The Consolidated Properties contain a total of approximately 21.0 million square feet of commercial space and 2,027 apartments with the individual commercial properties ranging from 6,216 to 1,246,283 square feet. The Consolidated Properties, managed by on-site employees, generally have attractively landscaped sites and atriums in addition to quality design and construction. The Company&#146;s commercial tenants include many service sector employers, including a large number of professional firms and national and international businesses. The Company believes that all of its properties are well-maintained and do not require significant capital improvements. 
 
 Office Properties 

 Percentage 

 2016 

 2016 

 2016 

 Net 

 Leased 

 Base 

 Average 

 Average 

 Rentable 

 as of 

 Rent 

 Percentage 

 Base Rent 

 Effective Rent 

 Year 

 Area 

 12/31/16 

 ($000&#146;s) 

 of Total 2016 

 Per Sq. Ft. 

 Per Sq. Ft. 

 Property Location 

 Built 

 (Sq. Ft.) 

 (%) (a) 

 (b) (c) 

 Base Rent (%) 

 ($) (c) (d) 

 ($) (c) (e) 

 NEW JERSEY 

 BERGEN COUNTY 

 Fort Lee 

 One Bridge Plaza 

 1981 

 200,000 

 88.9 
 
 % 
 
 4,752 

 1.05 

 26.72 

 23.66 

 2115 Linwood Avenue 

 1981 

 68,000 

 98.4 
 
 % 
 
 1,501 

 0.33 

 22.44 

 17.87 

 Montvale 

 135 Chestnut Ridge Road (h) 

 1981 

 66,150 

 66.6 
 
 % 
 
 923 

 0.20 

 20.95 

 19.45 

 Paramus 

 15 East Midland Avenue 

 1988 

 259,823 

 53.6 
 
 % 
 
 3,105 

 0.69 

 22.30 

 18.59 

 140 East Ridgewood Avenue 

 1981 

 239,680 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 5,622 

 1.25 

 23.46 

 19.74 

 461 From Road 

 1988 

 253,554 

 99.6 
 
 % 
 
 5,619 

 1.24 

 22.26 

 18.31 

 650 From Road 

 1978 

 348,510 

 75.6 
 
 % 
 
 5,829 

 1.29 

 22.14 

 18.27 

 61 South Paramus Road (f) 

 1985 

 269,191 

 66.0 
 
 % 
 
 4,721 

 1.05 

 26.55 

 23.08 

 Rochelle Park 

 365 West Passaic Street 

 1976 

 212,578 

 84.3 
 
 % 
 
 3,657 

 0.81 

 20.41 

 18.24 

 395 West Passaic Street 

 1979 

 100,589 

 75.6 
 
 % 
 
 1,527 

 0.34 

 20.07 

 16.26 

 Woodcliff Lake 

 400 Chestnut Ridge Road 

 1982 

 89,200 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 2,175 

 0.48 

 24.38 

 22.48 

 50 Tice Boulevard 

 1984 

 235,000 

 90.0 
 
 % 
 
 5,690 

 1.26 

 26.91 

 23.31 

 300 Tice Boulevard 

 1991 

 230,000 

 68.1 
 
 % 
 
 4,569 

 1.01 

 29.15 

 25.95 

 ESSEX COUNTY 

 Millburn 

 150 J.F. Kennedy Parkway 

 1980 

 247,476 

 97.2 
 
 % 
 
 7,160 

 1.59 

 29.77 

 23.11 

 Borough of Roseland 

 6 Becker Farm Road (h) 

 1982 

 129,732 

 77.5 
 
 % 
 
 2,552 

 0.57 

 25.37 

 23.67 

 75 Livingston Avenue 

 1985 

 94,221 

 70.2 
 
 % 
 
 1,251 

 0.28 

 18.91 

 16.91 

 85 Livingston Avenue (h) 

 1985 

 124,595 

 76.1 
 
 % 
 
 2,478 

 0.55 

 26.15 

 23.88 

 HUDSON COUNTY 

 Hoboken 

 111 River Street (g) 

 2002 

 566,215 

 97.0 
 
 % 
 
 12,095 

 2.68 

 43.70 

 42.56 

 Jersey City 

 Harborside Plaza 1 

 1983 

 400,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 12,124 

 2.69 

 30.31 

 26.77 

 Harborside Plaza 2 

 1990 

 761,200 

 80.7 
 
 % 
 
 13,177 

 2.92 

 21.45 

 17.67 

 Harborside Plaza 3 (c) 

 1990 

 725,600 

 86.2 
 
 % 
 
 20,810 

 4.61 

 33.27 

 29.73 

 Harborside Plaza 4-A 

 2000 

 207,670 

 98.6 
 
 % 
 
 6,529 

 1.45 

 31.87 

 26.29 

 Harborside Plaza 5 

 2002 

 977,225 

 99.1 
 
 % 
 
 35,470 

 7.86 

 36.62 

 31.49 

 101 Hudson Street 

 1992 

 1,246,283 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 36,015 

 7.98 

 28.90 

 25.86 

 22 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Office Properties 
 (Continued) 

 Percentage 

 2016 

 2016 

 2016 

 Net 

 Leased 

 Base 

 Average 

 Average 

 Rentable 

 as of 

 Rent 

 Percentage 

 Base Rent 

 Effective Rent 

 Year 

 Area 

 12/31/16 

 ($000&#146;s) 

 of Total 2016 

 Per Sq. Ft. 

 Per Sq. Ft. 

 Property Location 

 Built 

 (Sq. Ft.) 

 (%) (a) 

 (b) (c) 

 Base Rent (%) 

 ($) (c) (d) 

 ($) (c) (e) 

 MERCER COUNTY 

 Hamilton Township 

 3 AAA Drive 

 1981 

 35,270 

 83.0 
 
 % 
 
 689 

 0.15 

 23.53 

 19.26 

 600 Horizon Drive 

 2002 

 95,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 1,147 

 0.25 

 12.07 

 9.39 

 700 Horizon Drive 

 2007 

 120,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 2,537 

 0.56 

 21.14 

 18.80 

 2 South Gold Drive 

 1974 

 33,962 

 72.0 
 
 % 
 
 568 

 0.13 

 23.22 

 20.07 

 Princeton 

 103 Carnegie Center 

 1984 

 96,000 

 87.4 
 
 % 
 
 2,221 

 0.49 

 26.46 

 22.12 

 3 Independence Way (h) 

 1983 

 111,300 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 2,365 

 0.52 

 21.25 

 17.50 

 100 Overlook Center 

 1988 

 149,600 

 89.6 
 
 % 
 
 3,781 

 0.84 

 28.21 

 25.11 

 5 Vaughn Drive 

 1987 

 98,500 

 54.2 
 
 % 
 
 1,964 

 0.43 

 36.77 

 32.34 

 MIDDLESEX COUNTY 

 East Brunswick 

 377 Summerhill Road 

 1977 

 40,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 372 

 0.08 

 9.30 

 8.98 

 Edison 

 333 Thornall Street 

 1984 

 196,128 

 97.0 
 
 % 
 
 5,690 

 1.26 

 29.91 

 26.91 

 343 Thornall Street 

 1991 

 195,709 

 97.1 
 
 % 
 
 4,344 

 0.96 

 22.85 

 19.03 

 Iselin 

 101 Wood Avenue South (g) 

 1990 

 262,841 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 4,637 

 1.03 

 30.23 

 26.61 

 Plainsboro 

 500 College Road East (f)(h) 

 1984 

 158,235 

 76.0 
 
 % 
 
 1,948 

 0.43 

 16.20 

 13.73 

 Woodbridge 

 581 Main Street 

 1991 

 200,000 

 97.8 
 
 % 
 
 5,070 

 1.12 

 25.93 

 21.84 

 MONMOUTH COUNTY 

 Holmdel 

 23 Main Street 

 1977 

 350,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 4,562 

 1.01 

 13.03 

 10.21 

 Middletown 

 One River Centre Bldg 1 

 1983 

 122,594 

 97.6 
 
 % 
 
 3,094 

 0.69 

 25.86 

 21.94 

 One River Centre Bldg 2 

 1983 

 120,360 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 2,862 

 0.63 

 23.78 

 19.72 

 One River Centre Bldg 3 and 4 

 1984 

 214,518 

 89.3 
 
 % 
 
 4,378 

 0.97 

 22.85 

 20.57 

 Neptune 

 3600 Route 66 

 1989 

 180,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 4,365 

 0.97 

 24.25 

 18.82 

 Wall Township 

 1305 Campus Parkway 

 1988 

 23,350 

 92.4 
 
 % 
 
 503 

 0.11 

 23.33 

 19.38 

 1350 Campus Parkway 

 1990 

 79,747 

 99.9 
 
 % 
 
 820 

 0.18 

 10.30 

 10.04 

 MORRIS COUNTY 

 Florham Park 

 325 Columbia Turnpike 

 1987 

 168,144 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 4,007 

 0.89 

 23.83 

 19.91 

 Morris Plains 

 201 Littleton Road 

 1979 

 88,369 

 54.9 
 
 % 
 
 1,081 

 0.24 

 22.27 

 17.12 

 Parsippany 

 4 Campus Drive 

 1983 

 147,475 

 81.7 
 
 % 
 
 2,407 

 0.53 

 19.97 

 15.76 

 6 Campus Drive 

 1983 

 148,291 

 83.4 
 
 % 
 
 2,788 

 0.62 

 22.56 

 19.23 

 7 Campus Drive 

 1982 

 154,395 

 92.1 
 
 % 
 
 2,634 

 0.58 

 18.53 

 15.90 

 8 Campus Drive 

 1987 

 215,265 

 59.8 
 
 % 
 
 3,277 

 0.73 

 25.45 

 21.20 

 9 Campus Drive 

 1983 

 156,495 

 87.3 
 
 % 
 
 2,377 

 0.53 

 17.40 

 13.58 

 2 Dryden Way 

 1990 

 6,216 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 99 

 0.02 

 15.93 

 14.64 

 4 Gatehall Drive 

 1988 

 248,480 

 97.5 
 
 % 
 
 6,075 

 1.35 

 25.07 

 22.14 

 23 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Office Properties 
 (Continued) 

 Percentage 

 2016 

 2016 

 2016 

 Net 

 Leased 

 Base 

 Average 

 Average 

 Rentable 

 as of 

 Rent 

 Percentage 

 Base Rent 

 Effective Rent 

 Year 

 Area 

 12/31/16 

 ($000&#146;s) 

 of Total 2016 

 Per Sq. Ft. 

 Per Sq. Ft. 

 Property Location 

 Built 

 (Sq. Ft.) 

 (%) (a) 

 (b) (c) 

 Base Rent (%) 

 ($) (c) (d) 

 ($) (c) (e) 

 2 Hilton Court 

 1991 

 181,592 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 6,526 

 1.45 

 35.94 

 32.84 

 1 Sylvan Way 

 1989 

 150,557 

 81.7 
 
 % 
 
 4,266 

 0.95 

 34.70 

 30.36 

 5 Sylvan Way 

 1989 

 151,383 

 94.2 
 
 % 
 
 3,541 

 0.78 

 24.83 

 21.80 

 7 Sylvan Way (c) 

 1987 

 145,983 

 52.5 
 
 % 
 
 127 

 0.03 

 1.66 

 1.58 

 20 Waterview Boulevard (h) 

 1988 

 225,550 

 93.8 
 
 % 
 
 4,818 

 1.07 

 22.77 

 20.82 

 35 Waterview Boulevard (h) 

 1990 

 172,498 

 93.2 
 
 % 
 
 4,269 

 0.95 

 26.54 

 23.82 

 5 Wood Hollow Road 

 1979 

 317,040 

 98.6 
 
 % 
 
 5,892 

 1.31 

 18.84 

 14.57 

 PASSAIC COUNTY 

 Totowa 

 999 Riverview Drive 

 1988 

 56,066 

 87.5 
 
 % 
 
 892 

 0.20 

 18.18 

 14.78 

 SOMERSET COUNTY 

 Bridgewater 

 440 Route 22 East (h) 

 1990 

 198,376 

 81.7 
 
 % 
 
 4,608 

 1.02 

 28.43 

 24.33 

 721 Route 202/206 (h) 

 1989 

 192,741 

 94.1 
 
 % 
 
 4,536 

 1.01 

 25.00 

 21.59 

 UNION COUNTY 

 Cranford 

 6 Commerce Drive (h) 

 1973 

 56,000 

 76.0 
 
 % 
 
 981 

 0.22 

 23.05 

 19.81 

 11 Commerce Drive (h) 

 1981 

 90,000 

 67.0 
 
 % 
 
 1,544 

 0.34 

 25.59 

 22.32 

 12 Commerce Drive (h) 

 1967 

 72,260 

 62.7 
 
 % 
 
 356 

 0.08 

 7.85 

 7.10 

 14 Commerce Drive (h) 

 1971 

 67,189 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 1,416 

 0.31 

 21.07 

 18.35 

 25 Commerce Drive (h) 

 1971 

 67,749 

 60.8 
 
 % 
 
 1,015 

 0.22 

 24.66 

 22.47 

 65 Jackson Drive (h) 

 1984 

 82,778 

 42.1 
 
 % 
 
 674 

 0.15 

 19.35 

 14.50 

 New Providence 

 890 Mountain Avenue (h) 

 1977 

 80,000 

 49.6 
 
 % 
 
 842 

 0.19 

 21.23 

 20.60 

 Total New Jersey Office 

 14,576,498 

 90.1 
 
 %(k) 
 
 328,316 

 72.76 

 26.53 

 23.08 

 NEW YORK 

 WESTCHESTER COUNTY 

 Elmsford 

 100 Clearbrook Road (c) 

 1975 

 60,000 

 74.7 
 
 % 
 
 855 

 0.19 

 19.07 

 17.93 

 Hawthorne 

 1 Skyline Drive 

 1980 

 20,400 

 99.0 
 
 % 
 
 355 

 0.08 

 17.57 

 16.44 

 2 Skyline Drive 

 1987 

 30,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 542 

 0.12 

 18.07 

 13.77 

 7 Skyline Drive 

 1987 

 109,000 

 83.6 
 
 % 
 
 2,384 

 0.53 

 26.17 

 23.03 

 17 Skyline Drive (f) 

 1989 

 85,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 1,933 

 0.43 

 22.74 

 22.28 

 White Plains 

 1 Barker Avenue 

 1975 

 68,000 

 92.5 
 
 % 
 
 1,524 

 0.34 

 24.22 

 21.35 

 3 Barker Avenue 

 1983 

 65,300 

 74.3 
 
 % 
 
 1,358 

 0.30 

 28.00 

 25.11 

 50 Main Street 

 1985 

 309,000 

 78.3 
 
 % 
 
 7,720 

 1.71 

 31.91 

 27.57 

 11 Martine Avenue 

 1987 

 180,000 

 70.7 
 
 % 
 
 3,952 

 0.88 

 31.04 

 26.71 

 1 Water Street (h) 

 1979 

 45,700 

 57.6 
 
 % 
 
 699 

 0.14 

 26.53 

 23.50 

 Yonkers 

 1 Executive Boulevard 

 1982 

 112,000 

 96.2 
 
 % 
 
 2,734 

 0.61 

 25.37 

 22.79 

 3 Executive Boulevard 

 1987 

 58,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 1,703 

 0.38 

 29.36 

 27.43 

 Total New York Office 

 1,142,400 

 83.7 
 
 % (k) 
 
 25,759 

 5.71 

 27.29 

 24.20 

 TOTAL OFFICE PROPERTIES 

 15,718,898 

 89.6 
 
 % (k) 
 
 354,075 

 78.47 

 26.58 

 23.16 

 24 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Office/Flex Properties 

 Percentage 

 2016 

 2016 

 2016 

 Net 

 Leased 

 Base 

 Average 

 Average 

 Rentable 

 as of 

 Rent 

 Percentage 

 Base Rent 

 Effective Rent 

 Year 

 Area 

 12/31/16 

 ($000&#146;s) 

 of Total 2016 

 Per Sq. Ft. 

 Per Sq. Ft. 

 Property Location 

 Built 

 (Sq. Ft.) 

 (%) (a) 

 (b) (c) 

 Base Rent (%) 

 ($) (c) (d) 

 ($) (c) (e) 

 NEW JERSEY 

 BURLINGTON COUNTY 

 Burlington 

 3 Terri Lane 

 1991 

 64,500 

 93.5 
 
 % 
 
 519 

 0.12 

 8.61 

 7.99 

 5 Terri Lane 

 1992 

 74,555 

 94.1 
 
 % 
 
 606 

 0.13 

 8.64 

 6.93 

 Moorestown 

 2 Commerce Drive 

 1986 

 49,000 

 74.1 
 
 % 
 
 232 

 0.05 

 6.39 

 5.45 

 101 Commerce Drive 

 1988 

 64,700 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 276 

 0.06 

 4.27 

 3.86 

 102 Commerce Drive 

 1987 

 38,400 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 276 

 0.06 

 7.19 

 5.78 

 201 Commerce Drive 

 1986 

 38,400 

 66.7 
 
 % 
 
 135 

 0.03 

 5.27 

 4.14 

 202 Commerce Drive 

 1988 

 51,200 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 179 

 0.04 

 3.50 

 2.99 

 1 Executive Drive 

 1989 

 20,570 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 200 

 0.04 

 9.72 

 6.71 

 2 Executive Drive 

 1988 

 60,800 

 89.8 
 
 % 
 
 433 

 0.10 

 7.93 

 5.66 

 101 Executive Drive 

 1990 

 29,355 

 99.7 
 
 % 
 
 300 

 0.07 

 10.25 

 9.74 

 102 Executive Drive 

 1990 

 64,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 474 

 0.11 

 7.41 

 7.30 

 225 Executive Drive 

 1990 

 50,600 

 85.6 
 
 % 
 
 221 

 0.05 

 5.10 

 4.23 

 97 Foster Road 

 1982 

 43,200 

 83.3 
 
 % 
 
 145 

 0.03 

 4.03 

 3.42 

 1507 Lancer Drive 

 1995 

 32,700 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 146 

 0.03 

 4.46 

 3.43 

 1245 North Church Street 

 1998 

 52,810 

 65.1 
 
 % 
 
 254 

 0.06 

 7.38 

 6.80 

 1247 North Church Street 

 1998 

 52,790 

 93.8 
 
 % 
 
 394 

 0.09 

 7.95 

 6.16 

 1256 North Church Street 

 1984 

 63,495 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 479 

 0.11 

 7.54 

 6.61 

 840 North Lenola Road 

 1995 

 38,300 

 47.0 
 
 % 
 
 145 

 0.03 

 8.05 

 7.38 

 844 North Lenola Road 

 1995 

 28,670 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 206 

 0.05 

 7.19 

 6.10 

 915 North Lenola Road 

 1998 

 52,488 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 291 

 0.06 

 5.54 

 5.14 

 2 Twosome Drive 

 2000 

 48,600 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 411 

 0.09 

 8.46 

 6.26 

 30 Twosome Drive 

 1997 

 39,675 

 99.0 
 
 % 
 
 281 

 0.06 

 7.15 

 5.60 

 31 Twosome Drive 

 1998 

 84,200 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 421 

 0.09 

 5.00 

 4.22 

 40 Twosome Drive 

 1996 

 40,265 

 96.8 
 
 % 
 
 311 

 0.07 

 7.98 

 7.06 

 41 Twosome Drive 

 1998 

 43,050 

 77.7 
 
 % 
 
 202 

 0.04 

 6.04 

 4.57 

 50 Twosome Drive 

 1997 

 34,075 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 128 

 0.03 

 3.76 

 3.55 

 MERCER COUNTY 

 Hamilton Township 

 100 Horizon Center Boulevard 

 1989 

 13,275 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 148 

 0.03 

 11.15 

 6.55 

 200 Horizon Drive 

 1991 

 45,770 

 85.3 
 
 % 
 
 628 

 0.14 

 16.08 

 14.90 

 300 Horizon Drive 

 1989 

 69,780 

 94.8 
 
 % 
 
 696 

 0.15 

 10.52 

 8.22 

 500 Horizon Drive 

 1990 

 41,205 

 71.4 
 
 % 
 
 529 

 0.12 

 17.99 

 16.01 

 MONMOUTH COUNTY 

 Wall Township 

 1325 Campus Parkway 

 1988 

 35,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 612 

 0.14 

 17.49 

 14.20 

 1340 Campus Parkway 

 1992 

 72,502 

 91.9 
 
 % 
 
 744 

 0.15 

 11.16 

 9.42 

 1345 Campus Parkway 

 1995 

 76,300 

 87.6 
 
 % 
 
 898 

 0.20 

 13.44 

 11.63 

 1433 Highway 34 

 1985 

 69,020 

 89.7 
 
 % 
 
 658 

 0.15 

 10.62 

 7.77 

 1320 Wyckoff Avenue 

 1986 

 20,336 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 233 

 0.05 

 11.46 

 10.03 

 1324 Wyckoff Avenue 

 1987 

 21,168 

 92.7 
 
 % 
 
 179 

 0.04 

 9.12 

 6.98 

 PASSAIC COUNTY 

 Totowa 

 1 Center Court 

 1999 

 38,961 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 571 

 0.13 

 14.66 

 12.55 

 2 Center Court 

 1998 

 30,600 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 394 

 0.09 

 12.88 

 4.90 

 11 Commerce Way 

 1989 

 47,025 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 559 

 0.12 

 11.89 

 9.68 

 20 Commerce Way 

 1992 

 42,540 

 95.5 
 
 % 
 
 476 

 0.11 

 11.71 

 10.95 

 25 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Office/Flex Properties 
 (Continued) 

 Percentage 

 2016 

 2016 

 2016 

 Net 

 Leased 

 Base 

 Average 

 Average 

 Rentable 

 as of 

 Rent 

 Percentage 

 Base Rent 

 Effective Rent 

 Year 

 Area 

 12/31/16 

 ($000&#146;s) 

 of Total 2016 

 Per Sq. Ft. 

 Per Sq. Ft. 

 Property Location 

 Built 

 (Sq. Ft.) 

 (%) (a) 

 (b) (c) 

 Base Rent (%) 

 ($) (c) (d) 

 ($) (c) (e) 

 29 Commerce Way 

 1990 

 48,930 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 584 

 0.13 

 11.94 

 9.83 

 40 Commerce Way 

 1987 

 50,576 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 569 

 0.13 

 11.25 

 8.09 

 45 Commerce Way 

 1992 

 51,207 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 525 

 0.12 

 10.25 

 8.61 

 60 Commerce Way 

 1988 

 50,333 

 29.0 
 
 % 
 
 240 

 0.05 

 16.43 

 15.06 

 80 Commerce Way 

 1996 

 22,500 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 274 

 0.06 

 12.18 

 10.31 

 100 Commerce Way 

 1996 

 24,600 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 300 

 0.07 

 12.20 

 10.33 

 120 Commerce Way 

 1994 

 9,024 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 105 

 0.02 

 11.64 

 10.08 

 140 Commerce Way 

 1994 

 26,881 

 99.5 
 
 % 
 
 314 

 0.07 

 11.74 

 10.32 

 Total New Jersey Office/Flex 

 2,167,931 

 91.1 
 
 % 
 
 17,901 

 3.97 

 9.06 

 7.51 

 NEW YORK 

 WESTCHESTER COUNTY 

 Elmsford 

 11 Clearbrook Road 

 1974 

 31,800 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 346 

 0.08 

 10.88 

 9.18 

 75 Clearbrook Road 

 1990 

 32,720 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 442 

 0.10 

 13.51 

 13.39 

 125 Clearbrook Road 

 2002 

 33,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 435 

 0.10 

 13.18 

 9.15 

 150 Clearbrook Road 

 1975 

 74,900 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 1,038 

 0.23 

 13.86 

 12.46 

 175 Clearbrook Road 

 1973 

 98,900 

 94.5 
 
 % 
 
 1,408 

 0.31 

 15.07 

 13.51 

 200 Clearbrook Road 

 1974 

 94,000 

 99.8 
 
 % 
 
 1,177 

 0.26 

 12.54 

 11.36 

 250 Clearbrook Road 

 1973 

 155,000 

 96.8 
 
 % 
 
 1,467 

 0.32 

 9.77 

 8.14 

 50 Executive Boulevard 

 1969 

 45,200 

 28.9 
 
 % 
 
 199 

 0.04 

 15.21 

 12.23 

 77 Executive Boulevard 

 1977 

 13,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 254 

 0.06 

 19.54 

 18.38 

 85 Executive Boulevard 

 1968 

 31,000 

 44.4 
 
 % 
 
 223 

 0.05 

 16.22 

 11.35 

 300 Executive Boulevard 

 1970 

 60,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 727 

 0.16 

 12.12 

 11.17 

 350 Executive Boulevard 

 1970 

 15,400 

 99.4 
 
 % 
 
 230 

 0.05 

 15.03 

 12.81 

 399 Executive Boulevard 

 1962 

 80,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 1,038 

 0.23 

 12.98 

 12.40 

 400 Executive Boulevard 

 1970 

 42,200 

 63.1 
 
 % 
 
 513 

 0.11 

 19.27 

 15.32 

 500 Executive Boulevard 

 1970 

 41,600 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 766 

 0.17 

 18.41 

 15.96 

 525 Executive Boulevard 

 1972 

 61,700 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 1,075 

 0.24 

 17.42 

 15.83 

 1 Westchester Plaza 

 1967 

 25,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 363 

 0.08 

 14.52 

 12.60 

 2 Westchester Plaza 

 1968 

 25,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 402 

 0.09 

 16.08 

 12.76 

 3 Westchester Plaza 

 1969 

 93,500 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 1,381 

 0.31 

 14.77 

 12.43 

 4 Westchester Plaza 

 1969 

 44,700 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 725 

 0.16 

 16.22 

 13.11 

 5 Westchester Plaza 

 1969 

 20,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 325 

 0.07 

 16.25 

 13.55 

 6 Westchester Plaza 

 1968 

 20,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 275 

 0.06 

 13.75 

 12.50 

 7 Westchester Plaza 

 1972 

 46,200 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 778 

 0.17 

 16.84 

 15.26 

 8 Westchester Plaza 

 1971 

 67,200 

 96.6 
 
 % 
 
 1,132 

 0.25 

 17.43 

 14.37 

 Hawthorne 

 200 Saw Mill River Road 

 1965 

 51,100 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 603 

 0.13 

 11.80 

 10.94 

 4 Skyline Drive 

 1987 

 80,600 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 1,280 

 0.28 

 15.88 

 12.72 

 5 Skyline Drive 

 1980 

 124,022 

 99.8 
 
 % 
 
 1,801 

 0.40 

 14.55 

 12.71 

 6 Skyline Drive 

 1980 

 44,155 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 747 

 0.17 

 16.92 

 12.91 

 8 Skyline Drive 

 1985 

 50,000 

 48.1 
 
 % 
 
 481 

 0.11 

 20.00 

 17.29 

 10 Skyline Drive 

 1985 

 20,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 356 

 0.08 

 17.80 

 13.80 

 11 Skyline Drive (f) 

 1989 

 45,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 1,001 

 0.22 

 22.24 

 21.38 

 12 Skyline Drive (f) 

 1999 

 46,850 

 85.1 
 
 % 
 
 650 

 0.14 

 16.31 

 14.30 

 15 Skyline Drive (f) 

 1989 

 55,000 

 86.6 
 
 % 
 
 817 

 0.18 

 17.15 

 15.13 

 Yonkers 

 100 Corporate Boulevard 

 1987 

 78,000 

 98.3 
 
 % 
 
 1,578 

 0.35 

 20.58 

 19.46 

 200 Corporate Boulevard South 

 1990 

 84,000 

 76.0 
 
 % 
 
 938 

 0.21 

 14.69 

 12.39 

 4 Executive Plaza 

 1986 

 80,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 1,570 

 0.35 

 19.63 

 17.21 

 6 Executive Plaza 

 1987 

 80,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 1,610 

 0.36 

 20.13 

 18.20 

 1 Odell Plaza 

 1980 

 106,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 1,681 

 0.37 

 15.86 

 14.32 

 3 Odell Plaza 

 1984 

 71,065 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 1,596 

 0.35 

 22.46 

 20.83 

 26 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Office/Flex Properties (continued) 
 and Industrial/Warehouse, Retail Properties, and Land Leases 

 Percentage 

 2016 

 2016 

 2016 

 Net 

 Leased 

 Base 

 Average 

 Average 

 Rentable 

 as of 

 Rent 

 Percentage 

 Base Rent 

 Effective Rent 

 Year 

 Area 

 12/31/16 

 ($000&#146;s) 

 of Total 2016 

 Per Sq. Ft. 

 Per Sq. Ft. 

 Property Location 

 Built 

 (Sq. Ft.) 

 (%) (a) 

 (b) (c) 

 Base Rent (%) 

 ($) (c) (d) 

 ($) (c) (e) 

 5 Odell Plaza 

 1983 

 38,400 

 99.6 
 
 % 
 
 657 

 0.15 

 17.17 

 15.86 

 7 Odell Plaza 

 1984 

 42,600 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 753 

 0.17 

 17.68 

 15.19 

 Total New York Office/Flex 

 2,348,812 

 94.0 
 
 % 
 
 34,838 

 7.72 

 15.77 

 13.83 

 CONNECTICUT 

 FAIRFIELD COUNTY 

 Stamford 

 419 West Avenue 

 1986 

 88,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 1,517 

 0.34 

 17.24 

 15.26 

 500 West Avenue 

 1988 

 25,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 485 

 0.11 

 19.40 

 15.20 

 550 West Avenue 

 1990 

 54,000 

 81.3 
 
 % 
 
 800 

 0.18 

 18.21 

 16.66 

 600 West Avenue 

 1999 

 66,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 670 

 0.15 

 10.15 

 9.70 

 650 West Avenue 

 1998 

 40,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 656 

 0.14 

 16.40 

 12.83 

 Total Connecticut Office/Flex 

 273,000 

 96.3 
 
 % 
 
 4,128 

 0.92 

 15.70 

 13.72 

 TOTAL OFFICE/FLEX PROPERTIES 

 4,789,743 

 92.9 
 
 % 
 
 56,867 

 12.61 

 12.79 

 11.02 

 NEW YORK 

 WESTCHESTER COUNTY 

 Elmsford 

 1 Warehouse Lane (f) 

 1957 

 6,600 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 104 

 0.02 

 15.76 

 14.70 

 2 Warehouse Lane (f) 

 1957 

 10,900 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 162 

 0.04 

 14.86 

 13.85 

 3 Warehouse Lane (f) 

 1957 

 77,200 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 399 

 0.09 

 5.17 

 4.96 

 4 Warehouse Lane (f) 

 1957 

 195,500 

 97.0 
 
 % 
 
 2,214 

 0.49 

 11.67 

 10.26 

 5 Warehouse Lane (f) 

 1957 

 75,100 

 97.1 
 
 % 
 
 970 

 0.21 

 13.30 

 12.23 

 6 Warehouse Lane (f) 

 1982 

 22,100 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 555 

 0.12 

 25.11 

 24.43 

 Total Industrial/Warehouse Properties 

 387,400 

 97.9 
 
 % 
 
 4,404 

 0.97 

 11.61 

 10.56 

 NEW JERSEY 

 HUDSON COUNTY 

 Weehawken 

 100 Avenue at Port Imperial (g) 

 2016 

 8,400 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 135 

 0.03 

 31.88 

 30.94 

 500 Avenue at Port Imperial 

 2013 

 16,736 

 55.8 
 
 % 
 
 84 

 0.02 

 9.00 

 8.78 

 Total New Jersey Retail Properties 

 25,136 

 70.6 
 
 % 
 
 219 

 0.05 

 19.84 

 19.28 

 NEW YORK 

 WESTCHESTER COUNTY 

 Tarrytown 

 230 White Plains Road (h) 

 1984 

 9,300 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 323 

 0.07 

 34.73 

 32.37 

 Yonkers 

 2 Executive Boulevard 

 1986 

 8,000 

 100.0 
 
 % 
 
 305 

 0.07 

 38.13 

 37.63 

 Total New York Retail Properties 

 17,300 

 100.0 
 
 %(k) 
 
 628 

 0.14 

 36.30 

 34.80 

 Total Retail Properties 

 42,436 

 82.6 
 
 % 
 
 847 

 0.19 

 27.97 

 26.94 

 27 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Land Leases 
 (continued) 

 Percentage 

 2016 

 2016 

 2016 

 Net 

 Leased 

 Base 

 Average 

 Average 

 Rentable 

 as of 

 Rent 

 Percentage 

 Base Rent 

 Effective Rent 

 Year 

 Area 

 12/31/16 

 ($000&#146;s) 

 of Total 2016 

 Per Sq. Ft. 

 Per Sq. Ft. 

 Property Location 

 Built 

 (Sq. Ft.) 

 (%) (a) 

 (b) (c) 

 Base Rent (%) 

 ($) (c) (d) 

 ($) (c) (e) 

 NEW JERSEY 

 MORRIS COUNTY 

 Hanover 

 Wegmans Land Lease (g) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 449 

 0.10 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total New Jersey Land Leases 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 449 

 0.10 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 NEW YORK 

 WESTCHESTER COUNTY 

 Elmsford 

 700 Executive Boulevard 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 160 

 0.04 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Yonkers 

 1 Enterprise Boulevard 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 203 

 0.04 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total New York Land Leases 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 363 

 0.08 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total Land Leases 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 812 

 0.18 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 TOTAL COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES 

 20,938,477 

 90.6 
 
 (k) 
 
 417,005 

 92.42 

 23.13 

 20.14 

 Multi-Family Properties 

 Net 

 Percentage 

 2016 

 Percentage 

 2016 

 Rentable 

 Leased 

 Base 

 of Total 

 Average 

 Commercial 

 as of 

 Rent 

 2016 

 Base Rent 

 Year 

 Area 

 Number 

 12/31/16 

 ($000&#146;s) 

 Base Rent 

 Per Home 

 Built 

 (Sq. Ft.) 

 of Units 

 (%) (a) 

 (b) (c) 

 (%) 

 ($) (c) (i) 

 NEW JERSEY 

 MIDDLESEX COUNTY 

 New Brunswick 

 Richmond Court 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 82 

 98.8 

 1,497 

 0.33 

 1,540 

 Riverwatch Commons 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 118 

 95.8 

 2,122 

 0.47 

 1,565 

 UNION COUNTY 

 Rahway 

 Park Square 

 2011 

 5,934 

 159 

 97.5 

 3,604 

 0.80 

 1,938 

 Total New Jersey Multi-Family 

 5,934 

 359 

 97.2 

 7,223 

 1.60 

 1,725 

 NEW YORK 

 WESTCHESTER COUNTY 

 Eastchester 

 Quarry Place at Tuckahoe (g) 

 2016 

 3,275 

 108 

 12.0 

 5 

 &#151; 

 N/A 

 Total New York Multi-Family 

 3,275 

 108 

 12.0 

 5 

 &#151; 

 N/A 

 28 

 Table of Contents 

 Net 

 Percentage 

 2016 

 Percentage 

 2016 

 Rentable 

 Leased 

 Base 

 of Total 

 Average 

 Commercial 

 as of 

 Rent 

 2016 

 Base Rent 

 Year 

 Area 

 Number 

 12/31/16 

 ($000&#146;s) 

 Base Rent 

 Per Home 

 Built 

 (Sq. Ft.) 

 of Units 

 (%) (a) 

 (b) (c) 

 (%) 

 ($) (c) (i) 

 MASSACHUSETTS 

 MIDDLESEX COUNTY 

 Malden 

 Chase at Overlook Ridge 

 2014 

 &#151; 

 371 

 96.5 

 8,822 

 1.95 

 2,071 

 Chase II at Overlook Ridge (g) 

 2016 

 &#151; 

 292 

 11.0 

 7 

 &#151; 

 N/A 

 SUFFOLK COUNTY 

 East Boston 

 Portside at Pier One (g) 

 2014 

 3,690 

 175 

 97.2 

 4,159 

 0.92 

 2,706 

 Revere 

 Alterra at Overlook Ridge IA 

 2004 

 &#151; 

 310 

 96.1 

 5,955 

 1.32 

 1,665 

 Alterra at Overlook Ridge IB 

 2008 

 &#151; 

 412 

 96.4 

 8,083 

 1.79 

 1,697 

 Total Massachusetts Multi-Family 

 3,690 

 1,560 

 80.4 

 27,026 

 5.98 

 1,939 

 Total Multi-Family Properties 

 12,899 

 2,027 

 79.1 

 34,254 

 7.58 

 1,904 

 TOTAL PROPERTIES 

 20,951,376 

 2,027 

 N/A 

 451,259 
 
 (j) 
 
 100.00 

 Footnotes to Property List (dollars in thousands except per square foot amounts): 

 (a) 
 
 Percentage leased includes all leases in effect as of the period end date, some of which have commencement dates in the future and leases expiring December 31, 2016 aggregating 151,655 square feet (representing 0.7 percent of the Company&#146;s total net rentable square footage) for which no new leases were signed. 

 (b) 
 
 Total base rent for the 12 months ended December 31, 2016, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (&#147;GAAP&#148;). Substantially all of the commercial leases provide for annual base rents plus recoveries and escalation charges based upon the tenant&#146;s proportionate share of and/or increases in real estate taxes and certain operating costs, as defined, and the pass through of charges for electrical usage. For the 12 months ended December 31, 2016, total escalations and recoveries from tenants were: $44,497, or $3.34 per leased square foot, for office properties; $10,255, or $2.31 per leased square foot, for office/flex properties; and $1,803, or $2.58 per leased square foot, for other properties. 

 (c) 
 
 Excludes space leased by the Company. 

 (d) 
 
 Base rent for the 12 months ended December 31, 2016 divided by net rentable commercial square feet leased at December 31, 2016. 

 (e) 
 
 Total base rent for 2016 minus 2016 amortization of tenant improvements, leasing commissions and other concessions and costs, determined in accordance with GAAP, divided by net rentable square feet leased at December 31, 2016. 

 (f) 
 
 This property is located on land leased by the Company. 

 (g) 
 
 As this property was acquired, commenced initial operations or initially consolidated by the Company during the 12 months ended December 31, 2016, the amounts represented in 2016 base rent reflect only that portion of those 12 months during which the Company owned or consolidated the property. Accordingly, these amounts may not be indicative of the property&#146;s full year results. For comparison purposes, the amounts represented in 2016 average base rent per sq. ft. and per unit for this property have been calculated by taking the 12 months ended December 31, 2016 base rent for such property and annualizing these partial-year results, dividing such annualized amounts by the net rentable square feet leased or occupied units at December 31, 2016. These annualized per square foot and per unit amounts may not be indicative of the property&#146;s results had the Company owned or consolidated the property for the entirety of the 12 months ended December 31, 2016. 

 (h) 
 
 Property being considered for repositioning, redevelopment or potential disposition. 

 (i) 
 
 Annualized base rent for the 12 months ended December 31, 2016 divided by units occupied at December 31, 2016, divided by 12. 

 (j) 
 
 Excludes $55.6 million from properties which were disposed of or removed from service during the year ended December 31, 2016. 

 (k) 
 
 Excludes properties being considered for repositioning, redevelopment, potential sale, or being prepared for lease up. 
 
 PERCENTAGE LEASED 
 
 The following table sets forth the year-end percentages of commercial square feet leased in the Company&#146;s stabilized operating Consolidated Properties for the last five years: 

 Percentage of 

 December 31, 

 Square Feet Leased (%) (a) 

 2016 

 90.6 
 
 (b) 

 2015 

 86.2 

 2014 

 84.2 

 2013 

 86.1 

 2012 

 87.2 

 29 

 Table of Contents 

 (a) 
 
 Percentage of square-feet leased includes all leases in effect as of the period end date, some of which have commencement dates in the future and leases that expire at the period end date. For all years, excludes properties being prepared for lease up. 

 (b) 
 
 Excludes properties being considered for repositioning, redevelopment or potential sale. Inclusive of such properties, percentage of square feet leased was 89.6 percent. 
 
 SIGNIFICANT TENANTS 
 
 The following table sets forth a schedule of the Company&#146;s 50 largest commercial tenants for the Consolidated Properties as of December 31, 2016 based upon annualized base rental revenue: 

 Percentage of 

 Annualized 

 Company 

 Square 

 Percentage 

 Year of 

 Number of 

 Base Rental 

 Annualized Base 

 Feet 

 Total Company 

 Lease 

 Properties 

 Revenue ($) (a) 

 Rental Revenue (%) 

 Leased 

 Leased Sq. Ft. (%) 

 Expiration 

 John Wiley & Sons, Inc. 

 1 

 14,814,383 

 3.3 

 410,604 

 2.2 

 (b) 

 DB Services New Jersey, Inc. 

 2 

 12,394,835 

 2.7 

 411,108 

 2.2 

 (c) 

 Bank Of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. 

 1 

 11,388,534 

 2.5 

 282,606 

 1.5 

 (d) 

 National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, PA 

 2 

 11,191,058 

 2.5 

 388,651 

 2.1 

 (e) 

 Forest Research Institute, Inc. 

 1 

 9,070,892 

 2.0 

 215,659 

 1.2 

 2017 

 Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner 

 2 

 8,936,202 

 2.0 

 397,563 

 2.2 

 (f) 

 ICAP Securities USA, LLC 

 2 

 7,608,702 

 1.7 

 180,946 

 1.0 

 (g) 

 Montefiore Medical Center 

 7 

 7,362,493 

 1.6 

 310,084 

 1.7 

 (h) 

 Daiichi Sankyo, Inc. 

 1 

 6,510,038 

 1.4 

 171,900 

 0.9 

 2022 

 TD Ameritrade Services Company, Inc. 

 1 

 6,505,786 

 1.4 

 193,873 

 1.1 

 2020 

 Vonage America, Inc. 

 1 

 4,606,000 

 1.0 

 350,000 

 1.9 

 2023 

 HQ Global Workplaces, LLC 

 12 

 4,461,375 

 1.0 

 205,584 

 1.1 

 (i) 

 KPMG, LLP 

 2 

 4,192,440 

 0.9 

 135,712 

 0.7 

 (j) 

 Arch Insurance Company 

 1 

 4,005,563 

 0.9 

 106,815 

 0.6 

 2024 

 Morgan Stanley Smith Barney 

 3 

 3,685,399 

 0.8 

 129,896 

 0.7 

 (k) 

 Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. 

 1 

 3,673,536 

 0.8 

 114,798 

 0.6 

 2026 

 New Cingular Wireless PCS, LLC 

 2 

 3,345,729 

 0.7 

 147,065 

 0.8 

 2018 

 E*Trade Financial Corporation 

 1 

 3,250,476 

 0.7 

 106,573 

 0.6 

 2022 

 Allstate Insurance Company 

 4 

 3,180,103 

 0.7 

 131,802 

 0.7 

 (l) 

 SunAmerica Asset Management, LLC 

 1 

 3,167,756 

 0.7 

 69,621 

 0.4 

 2018 

 Alpharma, LLC 

 1 

 3,142,580 

 0.7 

 112,235 

 0.6 

 2018 

 Tullett Prebon Holdings Corp. 

 1 

 3,127,970 

 0.7 

 100,759 

 0.5 

 2023 

 Natixis North America, Inc. 

 1 

 3,093,290 

 0.7 

 89,907 

 0.5 

 2021 

 TierPoint New York, LLC 

 2 

 3,014,150 

 0.7 

 131,078 

 0.7 

 2024 

 Cardinia Real Estate LLC 

 1 

 2,991,413 

 0.7 

 79,771 

 0.4 

 2032 

 AAA Mid-Atlantic, Inc. 

 2 

 2,787,265 

 0.6 

 129,784 

 0.7 

 (m) 

 Tradeweb Markets, LLC 

 1 

 2,721,070 

 0.6 

 65,242 

 0.4 

 2027 

 Zurich American Insurance Company 

 1 

 2,640,974 

 0.6 

 64,414 

 0.3 

 2032 

 SUEZ Water Management & Services, Inc. 

 1 

 2,618,100 

 0.6 

 116,360 

 0.6 

 2035 

 New Jersey Turnpike Authority 

 1 

 2,605,798 

 0.6 

 100,223 

 0.5 

 2017 

 Lowenstein Sandler LLP 

 1 

 2,590,271 

 0.6 

 98,677 

 0.5 

 2017 

 Mizuho Securities USA Inc. 

 2 

 2,546,545 

 0.6 

 67,826 

 0.4 

 (n) 

 Connell Foley, LLP 

 2 

 2,520,674 

 0.6 

 95,130 

 0.5 

 (o) 

 AMTrust Financial Services, Inc. 

 1 

 2,460,544 

 0.5 

 76,892 

 0.4 

 2023 

 Movado Group, Inc. 

 1 

 2,458,150 

 0.5 

 98,326 

 0.5 

 2018 

 UBS Financial Services, Inc. 

 3 

 2,376,893 

 0.5 

 85,069 

 0.5 

 (p) 

 Plymouth Rock Management Company of New Jersey 

 1 

 2,346,246 

 0.5 

 88,768 

 0.5 

 2020 

 Norris, McLaughlin & Marcus, PA 

 1 

 2,259,738 

 0.5 

 86,913 

 0.5 

 2017 

 Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp. 

 2 

 2,241,320 

 0.5 

 71,153 

 0.4 

 2021 

 Bunge Management Services, Inc. 

 1 

 2,221,151 

 0.5 

 66,303 

 0.4 

 2025 

 Barr Laboratories, Inc. 

 1 

 2,209,107 

 0.5 

 89,510 

 0.5 

 2017 

 Sun Chemical Management, LLC 

 1 

 2,173,497 

 0.5 

 66,065 

 0.4 

 2019 

 Savvis Communications Corporation 

 1 

 2,144,220 

 0.5 

 71,474 

 0.4 

 2025 

 Hackensack University Health Network Inc. and Meridian Health System, Inc. 

 1 

 2,137,380 

 0.5 

 61,068 

 0.3 

 2027 

 Jeffries, LLC 

 1 

 2,133,942 

 0.5 

 62,763 

 0.3 

 2023 

 New Jersey City University 

 1 

 2,126,306 

 0.5 

 68,348 

 0.4 

 2035 

 Syncsort, Inc. 

 1 

 1,991,439 

 0.4 

 73,757 

 0.4 

 2018 

 Investors Bank 

 1 

 1,940,584 

 0.4 

 70,384 

 0.4 

 2026 

 GBT US LLC 

 1 

 1,920,566 

 0.4 

 49,563 

 0.3 

 2026 

 First Data Corporation 

 1 

 1,879,305 

 0.4 

 54,669 

 0.3 

 2026 

 Totals 

 206,771,788 

 45.7 

 6,953,291 

 37.7 

 See footnotes on subsequent page. 
 
 30 

 Table of Contents 

 Significant Tenants Footnotes 

 (a) 
 
 Annualized base rental revenue is based on actual December 2016 billings times 12. For leases whose rent commences after January 1, 2017, annualized base rental revenue is based on the first full month&#146;s billing times 12. As annualized base rental revenue is not derived from historical GAAP results, historical results may differ from those set forth above. 

 (b) 
 
 17,976 square feet expire in 2017; 55,562 square feet expire in 2018; 337,066 square feet expire in 2033. 

 (c) 
 
 285,192 square feet expire in 2017; 125,916 square feet expire in 2019. 

 (d) 
 
 20,649 square feet expire in 2018; 24,607 square feet expire in 2019; 237,350 square feet expire in 2029. 

 (e) 
 
 271,533 square feet expire in 2018; 117,118 square feet expire in 2019. 

 (f) 
 
 9,356 square feet expire in 2019; 388,207 square feet expire in 2027. 

 (g) 
 
 69,384 square feet expire in 2017; 90,450 square feet expire in 2018; 21,112 square feet expire in 2025. 

 (h) 
 
 69,954 square feet expire in 2017; 64,815 square feet expire in 2018; 133,763 square feet expire in 2019; 8,600 square feet expire in 2020; 14,842 square feet expire in 2021; 9,610 square feet expire in 2022; 8,500 square feet expire in 2023. 

 (i) 
 
 41,549 square feet expire in 2019; 21,008 square feet expire in 2020; 32,579 square feet expire in 2021; 15,523 square feet expire in 2023; 79,517 square feet expire in 2024; 15,408 square feet expire in 2027. 

 (j) 
 
 81,371 square feet expire in 2019; 54,341 square feet expire in 2026. 

 (k) 
 
 26,262 square feet expire in 2018; 61,239 square feet expire in 2025; 42,395 square feet expire in 2026. 

 (l) 
 
 75,740 square feet expire in 2017; 51,606 square feet expire in 2018; 4,456 square feet in 2019. 

 (m) 
 
 9,784 square feet expire in 2017; 120,000 square feet expire in 2027. 

 (n) 
 
 36,994 square feet expire in 2017; 30,832 square feet expire in 2033. 

 (o) 
 
 77,719 square feet expire in 2017; 17,411 square feet expire in 2026. 

 (p) 
 
 13,340 square feet expire in 2022; 26,713 square feet expire in 2024; 45,016 square feet expire in 2026. 
 
 31 

 Table of Contents 
 
 SCHEDULE OF LEASE EXPIRATIONS 
 
 The following table sets forth a schedule of lease expirations for the total of the Company&#146;s office, office/flex, industrial/warehouse and stand-alone retail properties included in the Consolidated Commercial Properties beginning January 1, 2017, assuming that none of the tenants exercise renewal or termination options: 

 Average 

 Annual Base 

 Percentage Of 

 Rent Per Net 

 Net Rentable 

 Total Leased 

 Annualized 

 Rentable 

 Percentage Of 

 Area Subject 

 Square Feet 

 Base Rental 

 Square Foot 

 Annual Base 

 Number Of 

 To Expiring 

 Represented 

 Revenue Under 

 Represented 

 Rent Under 

 Year Of 

 Leases 

 Leases 

 By Expiring 

 Expiring 

 By Expiring 

 Expiring 

 Expiration 

 Expiring (a) 

 (Sq. Ft.) 

 Leases (%) 

 Leases ($) (b) 

 Leases ($) 

 Leases (%) 

 2017 

 272 

 2,644,514 

 14.4 

 68,821,110 

 26.02 

 15.2 

 2018 

 258 

 2,764,111 

 15.0 

 64,284,244 

 23.26 

 14.2 

 2019 

 228 

 2,398,747 

 13.0 

 52,540,477 

 21.90 

 11.6 

 2020 

 196 

 1,679,013 

 9.1 

 37,750,766 

 22.48 

 8.3 

 2021 

 148 

 1,392,142 

 7.6 

 33,298,670 

 23.92 

 7.3 

 2022 

 118 

 1,184,646 

 6.4 

 28,979,032 

 24.46 

 6.4 

 2023 

 82 

 1,542,519 

 8.4 

 36,401,140 

 23.60 

 8.0 

 2024 

 62 

 1,097,093 

 6.0 

 27,017,982 

 24.63 

 6.0 

 2025 

 33 

 658,005 

 3.6 

 14,304,654 

 21.74 

 3.2 

 2026 

 42 

 736,977 

 4.0 

 21,441,682 

 29.09 

 4.7 

 2027 

 30 

 1,011,012 

 5.5 

 26,082,010 

 25.80 

 5.7 

 2028 and thereafter 

 22 

 1,298,521 

 7.0 

 42,738,277 

 32.91 

 9.4 

 Totals/Weighted Average 

 1,491 

 18,407,300 
 
 (c) (d) 
 
 100.0 

 453,660,044 

 24.65 

 100.0 

 (a) 
 
 Includes office, office/flex, industrial/warehouse and stand-alone retail property tenants only. Excludes leases for amenity, retail, parking and month-to-month tenants. Some tenants have multiple leases. 

 (b) 
 
 Annualized base rental revenue is based on actual December 2016 billings times 12. For leases whose rent commences after January 1, 2017 annualized base rental revenue is based on the first full month&#146;s billing times 12. As annualized base rental revenue is not derived from historical GAAP results, historical results may differ from those set forth above. 

 (c) 
 
 Includes leases expiring December 31, 2016 aggregating 151,655 square feet and representing annualized rent of $2,630,824 for which no new leases were signed. 

 (d) 
 
 Reconciliation to Company&#146;s total net rentable square footage is as follows: 

 Square Feet 

 Square footage leased to commercial tenants 

 18,407,300 

 Square footage used for corporate offices, management offices, building use, retail tenants, food services, other ancillary service tenants and occupancy adjustments 

 349,361 

 Square footage unleased 

 2,194,715 

 Total net rentable commercial square footage (does not include land leases) 

 20,951,376 

 32 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INDUSTRY DIVERSIFICATION 
 
 The following table lists the Company&#146;s 30 largest commercial tenants industry classifications based on annualized contractual base rent of the Consolidated Properties: 

 Annualized 

 Percentage of 

 Percentage of 

 Base Rental 

 Company 

 Square 

 Total Company 

 Revenue 

 Annualized Base 

 Feet Leased 

 Leased 

 Industry Classification (a) 

 ($) (b) (c) (d) 

 Rental Revenue (%) 

 (c) (d) 

 Sq. Ft. (%) 

 Securities, Commodity Contracts & Other Financial 

 72,435,544 

 16.1 

 2,310,901 

 12.5 

 Insurance Carriers & Related Activities 

 48,543,415 

 10.7 

 1,678,120 

 9.0 

 Credit Intermediation & Related Activities 

 42,577,077 

 9.4 

 1,322,941 

 7.1 

 Manufacturing 

 34,377,421 

 7.6 

 1,642,875 

 8.9 

 Health Care & Social Assistance 

 24,262,659 

 5.3 

 1,228,845 

 6.7 

 Legal Services 

 23,352,357 

 5.1 

 864,401 

 4.7 

 Computer System Design Services 

 22,690,568 

 5.0 

 951,181 

 5.2 

 Publishing Industries 

 18,550,552 

 4.1 

 589,811 

 3.2 

 Wholesale Trade 

 15,495,805 

 3.4 

 1,073,898 

 5.8 

 Telecommunications 

 15,159,155 

 3.3 

 849,715 

 4.6 

 Scientific Research/Development 

 14,720,336 

 3.2 

 480,165 

 2.6 

 Admin & Support, Waste Mgt. & Remediation Services 

 11,803,155 

 2.6 

 581,535 

 3.2 

 Accounting/Tax Prep. 

 11,615,270 

 2.6 

 406,102 

 2.2 

 Management/Scientific 

 9,626,532 

 2.1 

 353,130 

 1.9 

 Advertising/Related Services 

 8,773,090 

 1.9 

 298,725 

 1.6 

 Real Estate & Rental & Leasing 

 8,317,159 

 1.8 

 398,204 

 2.2 

 Architectural/Engineering 

 7,735,629 

 1.7 

 366,794 

 2.0 

 Retail Trade 

 7,678,954 

 1.7 

 454,092 

 2.5 

 Other Professional 

 6,976,854 

 1.5 

 320,229 

 1.7 

 Public Administration 

 6,676,317 

 1.5 

 283,095 

 1.5 

 Utilities 

 5,302,332 

 1.2 

 230,762 

 1.3 

 Educational Services 

 5,286,199 

 1.2 

 218,135 

 1.2 

 Other Services (except Public Administration) 

 5,177,355 

 1.1 

 267,644 

 1.5 

 Transportation 

 4,545,424 

 1.0 

 240,056 

 1.3 

 Construction 

 3,921,974 

 0.9 

 217,783 

 1.2 

 Data Processing Services 

 3,554,015 

 0.8 

 134,827 

 0.7 

 Arts, Entertainment & Recreation 

 2,780,812 

 0.6 

 216,867 

 1.2 

 Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing & Hunting 

 2,221,151 

 0.5 

 66,303 

 0.4 

 Specialized Design Services 

 1,879,838 

 0.4 

 73,171 

 0.4 

 Mining 

 1,874,676 

 0.4 

 57,721 

 0.3 

 Other 

 5,748,419 

 1.3 

 229,272 

 1.4 

 TOTAL 

 453,660,044 

 100.0 

 18,407,300 

 100.0 

 (a) The Company&#146;s tenants are classified according to the U.S. Government&#146;s North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS). 
 (b) Annualized base rental revenue is based on actual December 2016 billings times 12. For leases whose rent commences after January 1, 2017, annualized base rental revenue is based on the first full month&#146;s billing times 12. As annualized base rental revenue is not derived from historical GAAP results, historical results may differ from those set forth above. 
 (c) Includes leases in effect as of the period end date, some of which have commencement dates in the future, and leases expiring December 31, 2016 aggregating 151,655 square feet and representing annualized rent of $2,630,824 for which no new leases were signed. 
 (d) Includes office, office/flex, industrial/warehouse and stand-alone retail tenants only. Excludes leases for amenity, retail, parking and month-to-month tenants. Some tenants have multiple leases. 
 
 33 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MARKET DIVERSIFICATION 
 
 The following table lists the Company&#146;s markets, based on annualized commercial contractual base rent of the Consolidated Properties: 

 Percentage Of 

 Company 

 Annualized Base 

 Annualized 

 Total Property 

 Rental Revenue 

 Base Rental 

 Size Rentable 

 Percentage Of 

 Market 

 ($) (a) (b) (c) 

 Revenue (%) 

 Area (b) (c) 

 Rentable Area (%) 

 Jersey City, NJ 

 154,944,785 

 34.2 

 4,909,329 

 23.4 

 Newark, NJ (Essex-Morris-Union Counties) 

 80,555,091 

 17.8 

 3,795,667 

 18.1 

 Westchester-Rockland, NY 

 69,161,643 

 15.2 

 3,899,187 

 18.6 

 Bergen-Passaic, NJ 

 56,724,111 

 12.5 

 3,071,518 

 14.7 

 Middlesex-Somerset-Hunterdon, NJ 

 36,672,110 

 8.1 

 1,397,095 

 6.7 

 Monmouth-Ocean, NJ 

 25,033,102 

 5.5 

 1,384,895 

 6.6 

 Trenton, NJ 

 18,096,275 

 4.0 

 956,597 

 4.6 

 Philadelphia, PA-NJ 

 8,204,336 

 1.8 

 1,260,398 

 6.0 

 Stamford-Norwalk, CT 

 4,268,591 

 0.9 

 273,000 

 1.3 

 Boston-Cambridge-Newton, MA-NH 

 0 

 0.0 

 3,690 

 0.0 

 Totals 

 453,660,044 

 100.0 

 20,951,376 

 100.0 

 (a) Annualized base rental revenue is based on actual December 2016 billings times 12. For leases whose rent commences after January 1, 2017, annualized base rental revenue is based on the first full month&#146;s billing times 12. As annualized base rental revenue is not derived from historical GAAP results, historical results may differ from those set forth above. 
 (b) Includes leases in effect as of the period end date, some of which have commencement dates in the future, and leases expiring December 31, 2016 aggregating 151,655 square feet and representing annualized rent of $2,630,824 for which no new leases were signed. 
 (c) Includes office, office/flex, industrial/warehouse and stand-alone retail tenants only. Excludes leases for amenity, retail, parking and month-to-month tenants. Some tenants have multiple leases. 
 
 34 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDI NGS 
 
 There are no material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the Company&#146;s business, to which the Company is a party or to which any of the Properties is subject. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSU RES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 35 

 Table of Contents 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S C OMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 MARKET INFORMATION 
 
 The shares of the General Partner&#146;s common stock are traded on the New York Stock Exchange (&#147;NYSE&#148;) under the symbol &#147;CLI.&#148; There is no established public trading market for the Operating Partnership&#146;s common units. 
 
 The following table sets forth the quarterly high, low, and closing price per share of the General Partner&#146;s Common Stock reported on the NYSE for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively: 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2016 

 High 

 Low 

 Close 

 First Quarter 

 $ 
 
 23.71 

 $ 
 
 17.35 

 $ 
 
 23.50 

 Second Quarter 

 $ 
 
 27.58 

 $ 
 
 22.47 

 $ 
 
 27.00 

 Third Quarter 

 $ 
 
 29.25 

 $ 
 
 26.11 

 $ 
 
 27.22 

 Fourth Quarter 

 $ 
 
 29.38 

 $ 
 
 24.59 

 $ 
 
 29.02 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2015 

 High 

 Low 

 Close 

 First Quarter 

 $ 
 
 20.11 

 $ 
 
 18.01 

 $ 
 
 19.28 

 Second Quarter 

 $ 
 
 19.73 

 $ 
 
 16.85 

 $ 
 
 18.43 

 Third Quarter 

 $ 
 
 21.12 

 $ 
 
 18.01 

 $ 
 
 18.88 

 Fourth Quarter 

 $ 
 
 24.26 

 $ 
 
 18.67 

 $ 
 
 23.35 

 On February 24, 2017, the closing Common Stock price reported on the NYSE was $29.29 per share. 
 
 On June 28, 2016, the General Partner filed with the NYSE its annual CEO Certification and Annual Written Affirmation pursuant to Section 303A.12 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, each certifying that the General Partner was in compliance with all of the listing standards of the NYSE. 
 
 HOLDERS 
 
 On February 24, 2017, the General Partner had 361 common shareholders of record (this does not include beneficial owners for whom Cede & Co. or others act as nominee) and the Operating Partnership had 90 owners of limited partnership units and one owner of General Partnership units. 
 
 RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES; USES OF PROCEEDS FROM REGISTERED SECURITIES 
 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2016, the General Partner issued 9,841 shares of common stock to holders of common units in the Operating Partnership upon the redemption of such common units in private offerings pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The holders of the common units were limited partners of the Operating Partnership and accredited investors under Rule 501 of the Securities Act. The common units were converted into an equal number of shares of common stock. The General Partner has registered the resale of such shares under the Securities Act. 
 
 DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company declared four quarterly cash dividends on its common stock and common units of $0.15 per share and unit for each of the first to the fourth quarters. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company declared four quarterly cash dividends on its common stock and common units of $0.15 per share and unit for each of the first to the fourth quarters. 
 
 36 

 Table of Contents 
 
 The declaration and payment of dividends and distributions will continue to be determined by the Board of Directors of the General Partner in light of conditions then existing, including the Company&#146;s earnings, cash flows, financial condition, capital requirements, debt maturities, the availability of debt and equity capital, applicable REIT and legal restrictions and the general overall economic conditions and other factors. 
 
 PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 
 The following graph compares total stockholder returns from the last five fiscal years to the Standard & Poor&#146;s 500 Index (&#147;S&P 500&#148;) and to the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Inc.&#146;s FTSE NAREIT Equity REIT Index (&#147;NAREIT&#148;). The graph assumes that the value of the investment in the General Partner&#146;s Common Stock and in the S&P 500 and NAREIT indices was $100 at December 31, 2011 and that all dividends were reinvested. The price of the General Partner&#146;s Common Stock on December 31, 2011 (on which the graph is based) was $26.69. The past stockholder return shown on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 
 
 Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Total Return 

 37 

 Table of Contents 
 
 SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The following table summarizes information, as of December 31, 2016, relating to equity compensation plans of the General Partner (including individual compensation arrangements) pursuant to which equity securities of the General Partner are authorized for issuance. 

 Plan Category 

 (a) Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options and Rights 

 (b) Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options and Rights 

 (c) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column(a)) 

 Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Stockholders 

 1,063,514 
 
 (2) 
 
 17.31 
 
 (3) 
 
 2,695,978 

 Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Stockholders(1) 

 193,711 

 N/A 

 N/A 
 
 (4) 

 Total 

 1,257,225 

 N/A 

 2,695,978 

 (1) The only plan included in the table that was adopted without stockholder approval was the Directors&#146; Deferred Compensation Plan. See Note 14: Mack-Cali Realty Corporation Stockholders&#146; Equity and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P.&#146;s Partners&#146; Capital- Deferred Stock Compensation Plan For Directors. 
 
 (2) Includes 120,245 shares of unvested restricted common stock, 800,000 unvested options, 26,048 unvested restricted stock units (RSUs), including unvested dividend equivalents thereon, and 117,221 unvested performance share units (PSUs), including unvested dividend equivalents thereon. 
 
 (3) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options; excludes restricted common stock, RSUs, PSUs and LTIP units. 
 
 (4) The Directors&#146; Deferred Compensation Plan does not limit the number of stock units issuable thereunder, but applicable SEC and NYSE rules restricted the aggregate number of stock units issuable thereunder to one percent (1%) of the General Partner&#146;s outstanding shares when the plan commenced on January 1, 1999. 
 
 38 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 The following table sets forth selected financial data on a consolidated basis for the General Partner. The consolidated selected operating and balance sheet data of the General Partner as of December 31, 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, and for the years then ended have been derived from the General Partner&#146;s financial statements for the respective periods. 

 Operating Data (a) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 In thousands, except per share data 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 2013 

 2012 

 Total revenues 

 $ 
 
 613,398 

 $ 
 
 594,883 

 $ 
 
 636,799 

 $ 
 
 667,031 

 $ 
 
 650,632 

 Property expenses (b) 

 $ 
 
 240,957 

 $ 
 
 246,604 

 $ 
 
 276,193 

 $ 
 
 254,474 

 $ 
 
 241,955 

 Direct construction costs 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 14,945 

 $ 
 
 12,647 

 Real estate services expenses 

 $ 
 
 26,260 

 $ 
 
 25,583 

 $ 
 
 26,136 

 $ 
 
 22,716 

 $ 
 
 3,746 

 General and administrative (c) 

 $ 
 
 51,979 

 $ 
 
 49,147 

 $ 
 
 71,051 

 $ 
 
 47,040 

 $ 
 
 41,891 

 Impairments 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 197,919 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 110,853 

 $ 
 
 9,845 

 Operating income (loss) 

 $ 
 
 104,638 

 $ 
 
 (96,332 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 88,811 

 $ 
 
 33,595 

 $ 
 
 160,442 

 Interest expense 

 $ 
 
 94,889 

 $ 
 
 103,051 

 $ 
 
 112,878 

 $ 
 
 123,701 

 $ 
 
 122,039 

 Realized gains (losses) and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net 

 $ 
 
 109,666 

 $ 
 
 53,261 

 $ 
 
 54,848 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 Loss from extinguishment of debt, net 

 $ 
 
 (30,540 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 (582 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (156 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (4,960 
 
 ) 

 Discontinued operations: Realized gains (losses) and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property and impairments, net 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 59,520 

 $ 
 
 (13,175 
 
 ) 

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

 $ 
 
 117,224 

 $ 
 
 (125,752 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 28,567 

 $ 
 
 (14,909 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 40,922 

 Net income (loss) per share &#151; basic 

 $ 
 
 1.31 

 $ 
 
 (1.41 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.32 

 $ 
 
 (0.17 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.47 

 Net income (loss) per share &#151; diluted 

 $ 
 
 1.30 

 $ 
 
 (1.41 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.32 

 $ 
 
 (0.17 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.47 

 Dividends declared per common share 

 $ 
 
 0.60 

 $ 
 
 0.60 

 $ 
 
 0.75 

 $ 
 
 1.35 

 $ 
 
 1.80 

 Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

 89,746 

 89,291 

 88,727 

 87,762 

 87,742 

 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

 100,498 

 100,222 

 100,041 

 99,785 

 99,996 

 Balance Sheet Data (a) 

 December 31, 

 In thousands 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 2013 

 2012 

 Rental property, before accumulated depreciation and amortization 

 $ 
 
 4,804,867 

 $ 
 
 4,807,718 

 $ 
 
 4,958,179 

 $ 
 
 5,129,933 

 $ 
 
 5,379,436 

 Total assets 

 $ 
 
 4,296,766 

 $ 
 
 4,053,963 

 $ 
 
 4,182,933 

 $ 
 
 4,506,194 

 $ 
 
 4,517,842 

 Total debt (d) 

 $ 
 
 2,340,009 

 $ 
 
 2,145,393 

 $ 
 
 2,079,340 

 $ 
 
 2,353,632 

 $ 
 
 2,196,186 

 Total liabilities 

 $ 
 
 2,570,079 

 $ 
 
 2,370,255 

 $ 
 
 2,300,922 

 $ 
 
 2,587,739 

 $ 
 
 2,449,335 

 Total Mack-Cali Realty Corporation stockholders&#146; equity 

 $ 
 
 1,527,171 

 $ 
 
 1,455,676 

 $ 
 
 1,624,781 

 $ 
 
 1,642,359 

 $ 
 
 1,766,974 

 Total noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 

 $ 
 
 199,516 

 $ 
 
 228,032 

 $ 
 
 257,230 

 $ 
 
 276,096 

 $ 
 
 301,533 

 (a) Certain reclassifications have been made to prior period amounts in order to conform with current period presentation. 
 (b) Property expenses is calculated by taking the sum of real estate taxes, utilities and operating services for each of the periods presented. 
 (c) Amount for the year ended December 31, 2014 includes $23.8 million of severance costs related to the departure of the Company&#146;s former chief executive officer and certain of the other executive officers in 2014. 
 (d) Total debt is calculated by taking the sum of senior unsecured notes, unsecured revolving credit facility and term loans, and mortgages, loans payable and other obligations. 
 
 39 

 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table sets forth selected financial data on a consolidated basis for the Operating Partnership. The consolidated selected operating and balance sheet data of the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, and for the years then ended have been derived from the Operating Partnership&#146;s financial statements for the respective periods. 

 Operating Data (a) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 In thousands, except per unit data 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 2013 

 2012 

 Total revenues 

 $ 
 
 613,398 

 $ 
 
 594,883 

 $ 
 
 636,799 

 $ 
 
 667,031 

 $ 
 
 650,632 

 Property expenses (b) 

 $ 
 
 240,957 

 $ 
 
 246,604 

 $ 
 
 276,193 

 $ 
 
 254,474 

 $ 
 
 241,955 

 Direct construction costs 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 14,945 

 $ 
 
 12,647 

 Real estate services expenses 

 $ 
 
 26,260 

 $ 
 
 25,583 

 $ 
 
 26,136 

 $ 
 
 22,716 

 $ 
 
 3,746 

 General and administrative (c) 

 $ 
 
 51,979 

 $ 
 
 49,147 

 $ 
 
 71,051 

 $ 
 
 47,040 

 $ 
 
 41,891 

 Impairments 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 197,919 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 110,853 

 $ 
 
 9,845 

 Operating income (loss) 

 $ 
 
 104,638 

 $ 
 
 (96,332 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 88,811 

 $ 
 
 33,595 

 $ 
 
 160,442 

 Interest expense 

 $ 
 
 94,889 

 $ 
 
 103,051 

 $ 
 
 112,878 

 $ 
 
 123,701 

 $ 
 
 122,039 

 Realized gains (losses) and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net 

 $ 
 
 109,666 

 $ 
 
 53,261 

 $ 
 
 54,848 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 Loss from extinguishment of debt, net 

 $ 
 
 (30,540 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 (582 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (156 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (4,960 
 
 ) 

 Discontinued operations: Realized gains (losses) and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property and impairments, net 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 59,520 

 $ 
 
 (13,175 
 
 ) 

 Net income (loss) available to common unitholders 

 $ 
 
 130,945 

 $ 
 
 (141,008 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 32,169 

 $ 
 
 (16,859 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 46,599 

 Net income (loss) per unit &#151; basic 

 $ 
 
 1.31 

 $ 
 
 (1.41 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.32 

 $ 
 
 (0.17 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.47 

 Net income (loss) per unit &#151; diluted 

 $ 
 
 1.30 

 $ 
 
 (1.41 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.32 

 $ 
 
 (0.17 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.47 

 Distributions declared per common unit 

 $ 
 
 0.60 

 $ 
 
 0.60 

 $ 
 
 0.75 

 $ 
 
 1.35 

 $ 
 
 1.80 

 Basic weighted average units outstanding 

 100,245 

 100,222 

 99,999 

 99,785 

 99,922 

 Diluted weighted average units outstanding 

 100,498 

 100,222 

 100,041 

 99,785 

 99,996 

 Balance Sheet Data (a) 

 December 31, 

 In thousands 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 2013 

 2012 

 Rental property, before accumulated depreciation and amortization 

 $ 
 
 4,804,867 

 $ 
 
 4,807,718 

 $ 
 
 4,958,179 

 $ 
 
 5,129,933 

 $ 
 
 5,379,436 

 Total assets 

 $ 
 
 4,296,766 

 $ 
 
 4,053,963 

 $ 
 
 4,182,933 

 $ 
 
 4,506,194 

 $ 
 
 4,517,842 

 Total debt (d) 

 $ 
 
 2,340,009 

 $ 
 
 2,145,393 

 $ 
 
 2,079,340 

 $ 
 
 2,353,632 

 $ 
 
 2,196,186 

 Total liabilities 

 $ 
 
 2,570,079 

 $ 
 
 2,370,255 

 $ 
 
 2,300,922 

 $ 
 
 2,587,739 

 $ 
 
 2,449,335 

 Total equity 

 $ 
 
 1,726,687 

 $ 
 
 1,683,708 

 $ 
 
 1,882,011 

 $ 
 
 1,918,455 

 $ 
 
 2,068,507 

 (a) Certain reclassifications have been made to prior period amounts in order to conform with current period presentation. 
 (b) Property expenses is calculated by taking the sum of real estate taxes, utilities and operating services for each of the periods presented. 
 (c) Amount for the year ended December 31, 2014 includes $23.8 million of severance costs related to the departure of the Company&#146;s former chief executive officer and of certain of the other executive officers in 2014. 
 (d) Total debt is calculated by taking the sum of senior unsecured notes, unsecured revolving credit facility and term loans, and mortgages, loans payable and other obligations. 
 
 40 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGE MENT&#146;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. and the notes thereto (collectively, the &#147;Financial Statements&#148;). Certain defined terms used herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the Financial Statements. 
 
 Executive Overview 
 
 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation together with its subsidiaries, (collectively, the &#147;General Partner&#148;), is one of the largest real estate investment trusts (REITs) in the United States. Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. (the &#147;Operating Partnership&#148;) has been involved in all aspects of commercial real estate development, management and ownership for over 60 years and the General Partner has been a publicly traded REIT since 1994. 
 
 The Operating Partnership conducts the business of providing leasing, management, acquisition, development, construction and tenant-related services for its General Partner. The Operating Partnership, through its operating divisions and subsidiaries, including the Mack-Cali property-owning partnerships and limited liability companies, is the entity through which all of the General Partner&#146;s operations are conducted. Unless stated otherwise or the context requires, the &#147;Company&#148; refers to the General Partner and its subsidiaries, including the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries. The Company owns or has interests in 248 properties (collectively, the &#147;Properties&#148;), consisting of 119 office and 110 flex properties, primarily class A office and office/flex buildings, totaling approximately 26.6 million square feet, leased to approximately 1,600 commercial tenants and 19 multi-family rental properties containing 5,614 residential units. The Properties are located primarily in the Northeast, some with adjacent, Company-controlled developable land sites able to accommodate up to 5.2 million square feet of additional commercial space and approximately 10,340 apartment units. 
 
 The Company&#146;s historical strategy has been to focus its operations, acquisition and development of office properties in high-barrier-to-entry markets and sub-markets where it believes it is, or can become, a significant and preferred owner and operator. In September 2015, the Company announced a three-year strategic initiative to transform into a more concentrated owner of New Jersey Hudson River waterfront and transit-oriented office properties and a regional owner of luxury multi-family residential properties. As part of this plan, over the past year, the Company has sold or has contracted to sell multiple properties, primarily commercial office, which it believes do not meet its long-term goals. 
 
 As an owner of real estate, almost all of the Company&#146;s earnings and cash flow are derived from rental revenue received pursuant to leased space at the Properties. Key factors that affect the Company&#146;s business and financial results include the following: 
 
 &#183; the general economic climate; 
 &#183; the occupancy rates of the Properties; 
 &#183; rental rates on new or renewed leases; 
 &#183; tenant improvement and leasing costs incurred to obtain and retain tenants; 
 &#183; the extent of early lease terminations; 
 &#183; the value of our office properties and the cash flow from the sale of such properties; 
 &#183; operating expenses; 
 &#183; anticipated acquisition and development costs for office and multi-family rental properties and the revenues and earnings from these properties; 
 &#183; cost of capital; and 
 &#183; the extent of acquisitions, development and sales of real estate, including the execution of the Company&#146;s current strategic initiative. 
 
 Any negative effects of the above key factors could potentially cause a deterioration in the Company&#146;s revenue and/or earnings. Such negative effects could include: (1) failure to renew or execute new leases as current leases expire; (2) failure to renew or execute new leases with rental terms at or above the terms of in-place leases; and (3) tenant defaults. 
 
 A failure to renew or execute new leases as current leases expire or to execute new leases with rental terms at or above the terms of in-place leases may be affected by several factors such as: (1) the local economic climate, which may be adversely impacted by business 
 
 41 

 Table of Contents 
 
 layoffs or downsizing, industry slowdowns, changing demographics and other factors; and (2) local real estate conditions, such as oversupply of the Company&#146;s product types or competition within the market. 
 
 Of the Company&#146;s core office markets, most have recently shown signs of improvement, while others have stabilized. The percentage leased in the Company&#146;s consolidated portfolio of stabilized core operating commercial properties aggregating 21.0 million, 24.0 million and 25.0 million square feet at December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, was 90.6 percent leased at December 31, 2016, as compared to 89.1 percent leased at December 31, 2015 and 84.2 percent leased at December 31, 2014 (after adjusting for properties identified as non-core at the time). Percentage leased includes all leases in effect as of the period end date, some of which have commencement dates in the future and leases that expire at the period end date. Leases that expired as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 aggregate 151,655, 69,522 and 205,220 square feet, respectively, or 0.7, 0.3 and 0.8 percentage of the net rentable square footage, respectively. Rental rates (including escalations) on the Company&#146;s commercial space that was renewed (based on first rents payable) during the year ended December 31, 2016 (on 1,559,046 square feet of renewals) increased an average of 10.9 percent compared to rates that were in effect under the prior leases, as compared to a 0.2 percent increase during 2015 (on 2,513,087 square feet of renewals) and a 4.7 percent decrease in 2014 (on 1,649,145 square feet of renewals). Estimated lease costs for the renewed leases in 2016 averaged $4.04 per square foot per year for a weighted average lease term of 5.1 years, estimated lease costs for the renewed leases in 2015 averaged $2.85 per square foot per year for a weighted average lease term of 3.6 years and estimated lease costs for the renewed leases in 2014 averaged $2.33 per square foot per year for a weighted average lease term of 4.0 years. The Company has achieved positive leasing results in its core markets recently. It believes that commercial vacancy rates may decrease and commercial rental rates may increase in some of its markets in 2017 and possibly beyond. As of December 31, 2016, commercial leases which comprise approximately 15.2 and 14.2 percent of the Company&#146;s annualized base rent are scheduled to expire during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively. With the positive leasing results the Company has achieved in many of its markets recently, the Company believes that rental rates on new leases will generally be, on average, not lower than rates currently being paid. Although the Company has recently achieved positive leasing activity, primarily in its core markets, if the recent leasing results do not prove to be sustaining during 2017 and beyond, the Company&#146;s rental rates it may achieve on new leases may be lower than the rates currently being paid, resulting in the potential for less revenue from the same space. 
 
 The Company believes that there is a potential for Moody&#146;s or Standard & Poor&#146;s to lower their current investment grade ratings on the Company&#146;s senior unsecured debt to sub-investment grade. Amongst other things, any such downgrade by both Moody&#146;s and Standard & Poor&#146;s will increase the current interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Company&#146;s current $600 million unsecured revolving credit facility (which was amended in January 2017) from LIBOR plus 120 basis points to LIBOR plus 155 basis points and the annual credit facility fee it pays will increase from 25 to 30 basis points. Additionally, any such downgrade would increase the current interest rate on each of the Company&#146;s $350 million unsecured term loan and $325 million unsecured term loan from LIBOR plus 140 basis points to LIBOR plus 185 points. In the event of a downgrade, the Company could elect to utilize the leverage grid pricing available under the unsecured revolving credit facility and both unsecured term loans. This would result in an interest rate of LIBOR plus 130 basis points for the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility and 25 basis points for the facility fee and LIBOR plus 155 basis points for both unsecured term loans at the Company&#146;s current total leverage ratio. In addition, a downgrade in its ratings to sub-investment grade would result in higher interest rates on senior unsecured debt that the Company may issue in the future as compared to issuing such debt with investment grade ratings. 
 
 The remaining portion of this Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should help the reader understand our: 
 
 &#183; recent transactions; 
 &#183; critical accounting policies and estimates; 
 &#183; results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2015; 
 &#183; results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014; and 
 &#183; liquidity and capital resources. 
 
 42 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Recent Transactions 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 The Company acquired the following office properties during the year ended December 31, 2016 (dollars in thousands) : 

 Acquisition 

 # of 

 Rentable 

 Acquisition 

 Date 

 Property Address 

 Location 

 Bldgs. 

 Square Feet 

 Cost 

 04/04/16 

 11 Martine Avenue (a) 

 White Plains, New York 

 1 

 82,000 

 $ 
 
 10,750 

 04/07/16 

 320, 321 University Avenue (b) 

 Newark, New Jersey 

 2 

 147,406 

 23,000 

 06/02/16 

 101 Wood Avenue South (c) 

 Edison, New Jersey 

 1 

 262,841 

 82,300 

 07/01/16 

 111 River Street (c) 

 Hoboken, New Jersey 

 1 

 566,215 

 210,761 

 Total Acquisitions 

 5 

 1,058,462 

 $ 
 
 326,811 

 (a) Acquisition represented four units of condominium interests which collectively comprise floors 2 through 5. Upon completion of the acquisition, the Company owns the entire 14-story 262,000 square-foot building. The acquisition was funded using available cash. 
 (b) This acquisition was funded through borrowings under the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 (c) This acquisition was funded using available cash and through borrowings under the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 On January 11, 2017, the Company acquired three office properties totaling approximately 280,000 square feet located in Red Bank, New Jersey, for approximately $26.8 million, which was funded primarily through borrowings under the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 On February 2, 2017, the Company agreed to acquire six office properties totaling approximately 1.1 million square feet, located in Short Hills and Madison, New Jersey for approximately $368 million, subject to certain conditions. The acquisitions are expected to be completed in March 2017. 
 
 On February 27, 2017, the Company reached an agreement to acquire all joint venture partner interests in Monaco, a 523-apartment, two-tower, stabilized community located in Jersey City, New Jersey. The transaction, valued at $315 million, is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017. 
 
 Properties Commencing Initial Operations 
 
 The following properties commenced initial operations during the year ended December 31, 2016 ( dollars in thousands ): 

 Total 

 In-Service 

 # of 

 Development 

 Date 

 Property 

 Location 

 Type 

 Apartment Units 

 Costs 

 12/01/16 

 Quarry Place at Tuckahoe 

 Eastchester, NY 

 Multi-Family 

 108 

 $ 
 
 56,961 
 
 (a) 

 12/01/16 

 The Chase II at Overlook Ridge 

 Malden, MA 

 Multi-Family 

 292 

 65,218 
 
 (b) 

 Totals 

 400 

 $ 
 
 122,179 

 (a) Development costs as of December 31, 2016 included approximately $5.6 million in land costs. 
 (b) Development costs as of December 31, 2016 included approximately $10.8 million in land costs. As of December 31, 2016, the Company anticipates additional costs of approximately $9.7 million, which will be funded from the construction loan. 
 
 Consolidations 
 
 On January 5, 2016, the Company, which held a 50 percent subordinated interest in the unconsolidated joint venture, Overlook Ridge Apartment Investors LLC, a 371-unit multi-family operating property located in Malden, Massachusetts, acquired the remaining interest for $39.8 million in cash plus the assumption of a first mortgage loan secured by the property with a principal balance of $52.7 million. The cash portion of the acquisition was funded primarily through borrowings under the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. Upon acquisition, the Company consolidated the asset and accordingly, remeasured its equity interests, as required by the FASB&#146;s consolidation guidance, at fair value (based upon the income approach using current rates and market cap rates and discount rates). As a result, the Company recorded a gain on change of control of interests of $10.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2016. On January 19, 2016, the Company repaid the assumed loan and obtained a new loan secured by the property in the amount of $72.5 million, which bears interest at 3.625 percent and matures in February 2023. See Note 9: Mortgages, Loans Payable and Other Obligations. 
 
 During the second quarter 2016, the Company, which held a 38.25 percent subordinate interest in the unconsolidated Portside Apartment Developers, L.L.C., a joint venture which owns a 175-unit operating multi-family property located in East Boston, Massachusetts, acquired the remaining interests of its joint venture partners for $39.6 million in cash plus the assumption of a mortgage loan secured by the property with a principal balance of $42.5 million. The cash portion of the acquisition was funded primarily through borrowings under the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. Upon acquisition, the Company consolidated the asset and accordingly, remeasured its equity interests, as required by the FASB&#146;s consolidation guidance, at fair value (based upon the income approach using current rates and market cap rates and discount rates). As a result, the Company recorded a gain on change of control of interests of $5.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2016. On July 8, 2016, the Company repaid the assumed loan 
 
 43 

 Table of Contents 
 
 and obtained a new loan secured by the property in the amount of $59 million, which bears interest at 3.44 percent and matures in August 2023. See Note 9: Mortgages, Loans Payable and Other Obligations. 
 
 Other Investments 
 
 On April 26, 2016, the Company acquired the remaining non-controlling interest in a development project located in Weehawken, New Jersey for $36.4 million. The project includes developable land for approximately 1,100 multi-family units, 290,000 square feet of office space, a 52.5 percent ownership interest in Port Imperial 4/5 Garage and Retail operating properties. The initial phase, Port Imperial South 11, a 295-unit multi-family project, began construction in the first quarter 2016. 
 
 Dispositions/Rental Property Held for Sale 
 
 The Company disposed of the following office and multi-family properties during the year ended December 31, 2016 (dollars in thousands) : 

 Realized 

 Gains 

 Net 

 Net 

 (losses)/ 

 Disposition 

 # of 

 Sales 

 Book 

 Unrealized 

 Date 

 Property/Address 

 Location 

 Bldgs. 

 Proceeds 

 Value 

 Losses, net 

 03/11/16 

 2 Independence Way (a) 

 Princeton, New Jersey 

 1 

 $ 
 
 4,119 

 $ 
 
 4,283 

 $ 
 
 (164 
 
 ) 

 03/24/16 

 1201 Connecticut Avenue, NW 

 Washington, D.C. 

 1 

 90,591 

 31,827 

 58,764 

 04/26/16 

 125 Broad Street (b) 

 New York, New York 

 1 

 192,323 

 200,183 

 (7,860 
 
 ) 

 05/09/16 

 9200 Edmonston Road 

 Greenbelt, Maryland 

 1 

 4,083 
 
 (c) 
 
 3,837 

 246 

 05/18/16 

 1400 L Street 

 Washington, D.C. 

 1 

 68,399 

 30,053 

 38,346 

 07/14/16 

 600 Parsippany Road 

 Parsippany, New Jersey 

 1 

 10,465 
 
 (d) 
 
 5,875 

 4,590 

 07/14/16 

 4,5,6 Century Drive (e) 

 Parsippany, New Jersey 

 3 

 14,533 

 17,308 

 (2,775 
 
 ) 

 08/11/16 

 Andover Place 

 Andover, Massachusetts 

 1 

 39,863 

 37,150 

 2,713 

 09/26/16 

 222,233 Mount Airy Road (f) 

 Basking Ridge, New Jersey 

 2 

 8,817 

 9,039 

 (222 
 
 ) 

 09/27/16 

 10 Mountainview Road 

 Upper Saddle River, New Jersey 

 1 

 18,990 

 19,571 

 (581 
 
 ) 

 11/07/16 

 100 Willowbrook, 2,3,4 Paragon (g) 

 Freehold, New Jersey 

 4 

 14,634 

 19,377 

 (4,743 
 
 ) 

 12/05/16 

 4 Becker Farm Road 

 Roseland, New Jersey 

 1 

 41,400 
 
 (h) 
 
 31,001 

 10,399 

 12/09/16 

 101,103,105 Eisenhower Parkway 

 Roseland, New Jersey 

 3 

 46,423 

 45,999 

 424 

 12/22/16 

 Capital Office Park, Ivy Lane (i) 

 Greenbelt, Maryland 

 6 

 46,570 

 65,064 

 (18,494 
 
 ) 

 12/22/16 

 100 Walnut Avenue 

 Clark, New Jersey 

 1 

 28,428 

 7,529 

 20,899 

 12/22/16 

 20 Commerce Drive 

 Cranford, New Jersey 

 1 

 28,878 

 13,071 

 15,807 

 12/29/16 

 4200 Parliament Place (j) 

 Lanham, Maryland 

 1 

 5,965 

 5,983 

 (18 
 
 ) 

 Sub-total 

 30 

 664,481 

 547,150 

 117,331 

 Unrealized losses on rental property held for sale 

 (7,665 
 
 ) 

 Totals 

 30 

 $ 
 
 664,481 

 $ 
 
 547,150 

 $ 
 
 109,666 

 (a) The Company recorded an impairment charge of $3.2 million on this property during the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 (b) The Company recorded impairment charges of $83.2 million on this property during the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 (c) The Company transferred the deed for this property to the lender in satisfaction of its obligations. The Company recorded an impairment charge of $3.0 million on this property during the year ended December 31, 2012. 
 (d) $10.5 million of the net sales proceeds from this sale were held by a qualified intermediary. The Company received these proceeds on January 11, 2017. 
 (e) The Company recorded impairment charges of $9.8 million on these properties during the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 (f) The Company recorded impairment charges of $1.0 million on these properties during the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 (g) The Company recorded impairment charges of $7.4 million on these properties during the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 (h) The Company transferred the deed for this property to the lender in satisfaction of its obligations. 
 (i) The Company recorded impairment charges of $66.5 million on these properties during the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 (j) The Company recorded an impairment charge of $4.2 million on this property during the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 
 Rental Property Held for Sale, Net 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company signed agreements to sell eight office properties totaling approximately 750,000 square feet, subject to certain conditions, and identified them as held for sale as of December 31, 2016. The properties are located in Princeton, Cranford and Bridgewater, New Jersey. The Company determined that the carrying value of one of the office properties was not expected to be recovered from estimated net sales proceeds and accordingly recognized an unrealized loss allowance of $7.7 million at December 31, 2016. In January and February 2017, the Company completed the disposition of these properties for net sales proceeds of approximately $45.8 million. 
 
 Unconsolidated Joint Venture Activity 
 
 On April 1, 2016, the Company bought out its partner PruRose Riverwalk G, L.L.C. for $11.3 million and increased its subordinated interest in Riverwalk G Urban Renewal, L.L.C. from 25 percent to 50 percent using borrowings on the Company&#146;s unsecured credit facility. Riverwalk G Urban Renewal, L.L.C., owns a 316-unit operating multi-family property located in West New York, New Jersey. Concurrent with the refinancing in October 2016, the Company executed an agreement with the remaining partner which converted the 50 percent subordinated interest to 22.5 percent pari passu interest. 
 
 44 

 Table of Contents 
 
 On May 26, 2016, the Company sold its 50 percent interest in Port Imperial South 15, L.L.C. (&#147;RiversEdge&#148;) and its 20 percent interest in Port Imperial South 13 Urban Renewal, L.L.C. (&#147;RiverParc&#148;), joint ventures that own the 236-unit and the 280-unit multi-family operating properties, respectively, located in Weehawken, New Jersey for $6.4 million. The Company realized a gain on the sale of $5.7 million. 
 
 On January 31, 2017, the Company sold its interest in KPG-P 100 IMW JV, LLC, Keystone-Penn and Keystone-Tristate joint ventures that own operating properties, located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania for a combined sales price of $9.7 million. 
 
 On February 3, 2017, the Operating Partnership issued 42,800 shares of a new class of 3.5 percent Series A Preferred Limited Partnership Units of the Operating Partnership (the &#147;Preferred Units&#148;). The Preferred Units were issued to the Company&#146;s partners in the Plaza VIII & IX Associates L.L.C. joint venture that owns a development site adjacent to the Company&#146;s Harborside property in Jersey City, New Jersey as consideration for their approximate 37.5 percent interest in the joint venture. Concurrent with the issuance of the Preferred Units, the Company purchased from other partners in the Plaza VIII & IX Associates L.L.C. joint venture their approximate 12.5 percent interest for approximately $14.3 million in cash. The results of these transactions increased the Company&#146;s interests in the joint venture from 50 percent to 100 percent. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include all accounts of the Company, its majority-owned and/or controlled subsidiaries, which consist principally of the Operating Partnership and variable interest entities for which the Company has determined itself to be the primary beneficiary, if any. See Note 2: Significant Accounting Policies &#151; Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures &#151; to the Financial Statements, for the Company&#146;s treatment of unconsolidated joint venture interests. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 
 
 Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 810, Consolidation, provides guidance on the identification of entities for which control is achieved through means other than voting rights (&#147;variable interest entities&#148; or &#147;VIEs&#148;) and the determination of which business enterprise, if any, should consolidate the VIEs. Generally, the consideration of whether an entity is a VIE applies when either: (1) the equity investors (if any) lack (i) the ability to make decisions about the entity&#146;s activities through voting or similar rights, (ii) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity, or (iii) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity; (2) the equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance that entity&#146;s activities without additional subordinated financial support; or (3) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportionate to their economic interests and substantially all of the activities of the entity involve or are conducted on behalf of an investor with a disproportionately small voting interest. The Company consolidates VIEs in which it is considered to be the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary is defined by the entity having both of the following characteristics: (1) the power to direct the activities that, when taken together, most significantly impact the variable interest entity&#146;s performance: and (2) the obligation to absorb losses and right to receive the returns from the VIE that would be significant to the VIE. 
 
 On January 1, 2016, the Company adopted accounting guidance under ASC 810, Consolidation, modifying the analysis it must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. The guidance does not amend the existing disclosure requirements for variable interest entities or voting interest model entities. The guidance, however, modified the requirements to qualify under the voting interest model. Under the revised guidance, the Operating Partnership will be a variable interest entity of the parent company, Mack-Cali Realty Corporation. As the Operating Partnership is already consolidated in the balance sheets of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation, the identification of this entity as a variable interest entity has no impact on the consolidated financial statements of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation. There were no other legal entities qualifying under the scope of the revised guidance that were consolidated as a result of the adoption. 
 
 The Financial Statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (&#147;GAAP&#148;). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Financial Statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Certain reclassifications have been made to prior period amounts in order to conform with current period presentation. These estimates and assumptions are based on management&#146;s historical experience that are believed to be reasonable at the time. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, the determination of estimates requires the exercise of judgment. The Company&#146;s critical accounting policies are those which require assumptions to be made about matters that are highly uncertain. Different estimates could have a material effect on the Company&#146;s financial results. Judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of these policies and estimates may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions and circumstances. 
 
 45 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Rental Property : 
 
 Rental properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Costs directly related to the acquisition, development and construction of rental properties are capitalized. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. Capitalized development and construction costs include pre-construction costs essential to the development of the property, development and construction costs, interest, property taxes, insurance, salaries and other project costs incurred during the period of development. Interest capitalized by the Company for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $19.3 million, $16.2 million and $15.5 million, respectively. Ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; major replacements and betterments, which improve or extend the life of the asset, are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Fully-depreciated assets are removed from the accounts. 
 
 The Company considers a construction project as substantially completed and held available for occupancy upon the substantial completion of tenant improvements, but no later than one year from cessation of major construction activity (as distinguished from activities such as routine maintenance and cleanup). If portions of a rental project are substantially completed and occupied by tenants, or held available for occupancy, and other portions have not yet reached that stage, the substantially completed portions are accounted for as a separate project. The Company allocates costs incurred between the portions under construction and the portions substantially completed and held available for occupancy, primarily based on a percentage of the relative square footage of each portion, and capitalizes only those costs associated with the portion under construction. 
 
 Properties are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The estimated useful lives are as follows: 

 Leasehold interests 
 
 Remaining lease term 

 Buildings and improvements 
 
 5 to 40 years 

 Tenant improvements 
 
 The shorter of the term of the related lease or useful life 

 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 
 
 5 to 10 years 
 
 Upon acquisition of rental property, the Company estimates the fair value of acquired tangible assets, consisting of land, building and improvements, and identified intangible assets and liabilities assumed, generally consisting of the fair value of (i) above and below market leases, (ii) in-place leases and (iii) tenant relationships. The Company allocates the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values. The Company records goodwill or a gain on bargain purchase (if any) if the net assets acquired/liabilities assumed differ from the purchase consideration of a transaction. In estimating the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired, the Company considers information obtained about each property as a result of its due diligence and marketing and leasing activities, and utilizes various valuation methods, such as estimated cash flow projections utilizing appropriate discount and capitalization rates, estimates of replacement costs net of depreciation, and available market information. The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property considers the value of the property as if it were vacant. 
 
 Above-market and below-market lease values for acquired properties are initially recorded based on the present value (using a discount rate which reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) of the difference between (i) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to each in-place lease and (ii) management&#146;s estimate of fair market lease rates for each corresponding in-place lease, measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above-market leases and the remaining initial term plus the term of any below-market fixed rate renewal options for below-market leases. The capitalized above-market lease values are amortized as a reduction of base rental revenue over the remaining terms of the respective leases, and the capitalized below-market lease values are amortized as an increase to base rental revenue over the remaining initial terms plus the terms of any below-market fixed rate renewal options of the respective leases. 
 
 Other intangible assets acquired include amounts for in-place lease values and tenant relationship values, which are based on management&#146;s evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant&#146;s lease and the Company&#146;s overall relationship with the respective tenant. Factors to be considered by management in its analysis of in-place lease values include an estimate of carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods considering current market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases. In estimating carrying costs, management includes real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses and estimates of lost rentals at market rates during the expected lease-up periods, depending on local market conditions. In estimating costs to execute similar leases, management considers leasing commissions, legal and other related expenses. Characteristics considered by management in valuing tenant relationships include the nature and extent of the Company&#146;s existing business relationships with the tenant, growth prospects for developing new business with the tenant, the tenant&#146;s credit quality and expectations of lease renewals. The value of in-place leases are amortized to expense over the remaining initial terms of the respective leases. The value of tenant relationship intangibles are amortized to expense over the anticipated life of the relationships. 
 
 46 

 Table of Contents 
 
 On a periodic basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators that the value of the Company&#146;s rental properties held for use may be impaired. In addition to identifying any specific circumstances which may affect a property or properties, management considers other criteria for determining which properties may require assessment for potential impairment. The criteria considered by management include reviewing low leased percentages, significant near-term lease expirations, current and historical operating and/or cash flow losses, near-term mortgage debt maturities and/or other factors, including those that might impact the Company&#146;s intent and ability to hold the property. A property&#146;s value is impaired only if management&#146;s estimate of the aggregate future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) to be generated by the property is less than the carrying value of the property. To the extent impairment has occurred, the loss shall be measured as the excess of the carrying value of the property over the fair value of the property. The Company&#146;s estimates of aggregate future cash flows expected to be generated by each property are based on a number of assumptions. These assumptions are generally based on management&#146;s experience in its local real estate markets and the effects of current market conditions. The assumptions are subject to economic and market uncertainties including, among others, demand for space, competition for tenants, changes in market rental rates, and costs to operate each property. As these factors are difficult to predict and are subject to future events that may alter management&#146;s assumptions, the future cash flows estimated by management in its impairment analyses may not be achieved, and actual losses or impairments may be realized in the future. See Note 3: Recent Transactions &#151; Impairments on Properties Held and Used. 
 
 Rental Property Held for Sale : 
 
 When assets are identified by management as held for sale, the Company discontinues depreciating the assets and estimates the sales price, net of selling costs, of such assets. The Company generally considers assets to be held for sale when the transaction has received appropriate corporate authority, and there are no significant contingencies relating to the sale. If, in management&#146;s opinion, the estimated net sales price, net of selling costs, of the assets which have been identified as held for sale is less than the carrying value of the assets, a valuation allowance is established. 
 
 If circumstances arise that previously were considered unlikely and, as a result, the Company decides not to sell a property previously classified as held for sale, the property is reclassified as held and used. A property that is reclassified is measured and recorded individually at the lower of (a) its carrying value before the property was classified as held for sale, adjusted for any depreciation (amortization) expense that would have been recognized had the property been continuously classified as held and used, or (b) the fair value at the date of the subsequent decision not to sell. 
 
 Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures : 
 
 The Company accounts for its investments in unconsolidated joint ventures under the equity method of accounting. The Company applies the equity method by initially recording these investments at cost, as Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures, subsequently adjusted for equity in earnings and cash contributions and distributions. The outside basis portion of the Company&#146;s joint ventures is amortized over the anticipated useful lives of the underlying ventures&#146; tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Generally, the Company would discontinue applying the equity method when the investment (and any advances) is reduced to zero and would not provide for additional losses unless the Company has guaranteed obligations of the venture or is otherwise committed to providing further financial support for the investee. If the venture subsequently generates income, the Company only recognizes its share of such income to the extent it exceeds its share of previously unrecognized losses. 
 
 If the venture subsequently makes distributions and the Company does not have an implied or actual commitment to support the operations of the venture, including a general partner interest in the investee, the Company will not record a basis less than zero, rather such amounts will be recorded as equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 
 On a periodic basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators that the value of the Company&#146;s investments in unconsolidated joint ventures may be impaired. An investment is impaired only if management&#146;s estimate of the value of the investment is less than the carrying value of the investment, and such decline in value is deemed to be other than temporary. To the extent impairment has occurred, the loss shall be measured as the excess of the carrying value of the investment over the value of the investment. The Company&#146;s estimates of value for each investment (particularly in real estate joint ventures) are based on a number of assumptions that are subject to economic and market uncertainties including, among others, demand for space, competition for tenants, changes in market rental rates, and operating costs. As these factors are difficult to predict and are subject to future events that may alter management&#146;s assumptions, the values estimated by management in its impairment analyses may not be realized, and actual losses or impairment may be realized in the future. See Note 4: Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures &#151; to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Revenue Recognition : 
 
 Base rental revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective leases. Unbilled rents receivable represents the cumulative amount by which straight-line rental revenue exceeds rents currently billed in accordance with the lease agreements. 
 
 47 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Above-market and below-market lease values for acquired properties are initially recorded based on the present value (using a discount rate which reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) of the difference between (i) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to each in-place lease and (ii) management&#146;s estimate of fair market lease rates for each corresponding in-place lease, measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above-market leases and the remaining initial term plus the term of any below-market fixed-rate renewal options for below-market leases. The capitalized above-market lease values for acquired properties are amortized as a reduction of base rental revenue over the remaining terms of the respective leases, and the capitalized below-market lease values are amortized as an increase to base rental revenue over the remaining initial terms plus the terms of any below-market fixed-rate renewal options of the respective leases. 
 
 Escalations and recoveries from tenants are received from tenants for certain costs as provided in the lease agreements. These costs generally include real estate taxes, utilities, insurance, common area maintenance and other recoverable costs. 
 
 Real estate services revenue includes property management, development, construction and leasing commission fees and other services, and payroll and related costs reimbursed from clients. Fee income derived from the Company&#146;s unconsolidated joint ventures (which are capitalized by such ventures) are recognized to the extent attributable to the unaffiliated ownership interests. 
 
 Parking income includes income from parking spaces leased to tenants and others. 
 
 Other income includes income from tenants for additional services arranged for by the Company and income from tenants for early lease terminations. 
 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts : 
 
 Management performs a detailed review of amounts due from tenants to determine if an allowance for doubtful accounts is required based on factors affecting the collectability of the accounts receivable balances. The factors considered by management in determining which individual tenant receivable balances, or aggregate receivable balances, require a collectability allowance include the age of the receivable, the tenant&#146;s payment history, the nature of the charges, any communications regarding the charges and other related information. Management&#146;s estimate of the allowance for doubtful accounts requires management to exercise significant judgment about the timing, frequency and severity of collection losses, which affects the allowance and net income. 
 
 48 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Results From Operations 
 
 The following comparisons for the year ended December 31, 2016 (&#147;2016&#148;), as compared to the year ended December 31, 2015 (2015), and for 2015 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014 (&#147;2014&#148;) make reference to the following: (i) the effect of the &#147;Same-Store Properties,&#148; which represent all in-service properties owned by the Company at December 31, 2014, (for the 2016 versus 2015 comparisons), and which represent all in-service properties owned by the Company at December 31, 2013 (for the 2015 versus 2014 comparisons), excluding properties sold, disposed of, removed from service, or being redeveloped or repositioned from January 1, 2014 through December 31, 2016; (ii) the effect of the &#147;Acquired Properties,&#148; which represent all properties acquired by the Company or commencing initial operation from January 1, 2015 through December 31, 2016 (for the 2016 versus 2015 comparisons), and which represents all properties acquired by the Company or commencing initial operations from January 1, 2014 through December 31, 2015 (for the 2015 versus 2014 comparisons), and (iii) the effect of &#147;Properties Sold&#148; which represent properties sold, disposed of, or removed from service (including properties being redeveloped or repositioned) by the Company from January 1, 2014 through December 31, 2016. During the 2016 and 2015 periods, five office properties, aggregating 709,523 square feet, were removed from service as they were being redeveloped by the Company. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2016 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2015 

 Year Ended 

 December 31, 

 Dollar 

 Percent 

 (dollars in thousands) 

 2016 

 2015 

 Change 

 Change 

 Revenue from rental operations and other: 

 Base rents 

 $ 
 
 506,877 

 $ 
 
 487,041 

 $ 
 
 19,836 

 4.1 
 
 % 

 Escalations and recoveries from tenants 

 60,505 

 62,481 

 (1,976 
 
 ) 
 
 (3.2 
 
 ) 

 Parking income 

 13,630 

 11,124 

 2,506 

 22.5 

 Other income 

 5,797 

 4,617 

 1,180 

 25.6 

 Total revenues from rental operations 

 586,809 

 565,263 

 21,546 

 3.8 

 Property expenses: 

 Real estate taxes 

 87,379 

 82,688 

 4,691 

 5.7 

 Utilities 

 49,624 

 55,965 

 (6,341 
 
 ) 
 
 (11.3 
 
 ) 

 Operating services 

 103,954 

 107,951 

 (3,997 
 
 ) 
 
 (3.7 
 
 ) 

 Total property expenses 

 240,957 

 246,604 

 (5,647 
 
 ) 
 
 (2.3 
 
 ) 

 Non-property revenues: 

 Real estate services 

 26,589 

 29,620 

 (3,031 
 
 ) 
 
 (10.2 
 
 ) 

 Total non-property revenues 

 26,589 

 29,620 

 (3,031 
 
 ) 
 
 (10.2 
 
 ) 

 Non-property expenses: 

 Real estate services expenses 

 26,260 

 25,583 

 677 

 2.6 

 General and administrative 

 51,979 

 49,147 

 2,832 

 5.8 

 Acquisition-related costs 

 2,880 

 1,560 

 1,320 

 84.6 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 186,684 

 170,402 

 16,282 

 9.6 

 Impairments 

 &#151; 

 197,919 

 (197,919 
 
 ) 
 
 (100.0 
 
 ) 

 Total non-property expenses 

 267,803 

 444,611 

 (176,808 
 
 ) 
 
 (39.8 
 
 ) 

 Operating income 

 104,638 

 (96,332 
 
 ) 
 
 200,970 

 208.6 

 Other (expense) income: 

 Interest expense 

 (94,889 
 
 ) 
 
 (103,051 
 
 ) 
 
 8,162 

 7.9 

 Interest and other investment income (loss) 

 1,614 

 794 

 820 

 103.3 

 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures 

 18,788 

 (3,172 
 
 ) 
 
 21,960 

 692.3 

 Gain on change of control of interests 

 15,347 

 &#151; 

 15,347 

 &#151; 

 Realized gains (losses) and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net 

 109,666 

 53,261 

 56,405 

 105.9 

 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture 

 5,670 

 6,448 

 (778 
 
 ) 
 
 (12.1 
 
 ) 

 Loss from extinguishment of debt, net 

 (30,540 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (30,540 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Total other (expense) income 

 25,656 

 (45,720 
 
 ) 
 
 71,376 

 156.1 

 Net income (loss) 

 $ 
 
 130,294 

 $ 
 
 (142,052 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 272,346 

 191.7 
 
 % 
 
 49 

 Table of Contents 
 
 The following is a summary of the changes in revenue from rental operations and property expenses in 2016 as compared to 2015 divided into Same-Store Properties, Acquired Properties and Properties Sold in 2015 and 2016 : 

 Total 

 Same-Store 

 Acquired 

 Properties 

 Company 

 Properties 

 Properties 

 Sold in 2015 and 2016 

 Dollar 

 Percent 

 Dollar 

 Percent 

 Dollar 

 Percent 

 Dollar 

 Percent 

 (dollars in thousands) 

 Change 

 Change 

 Change 

 Change 

 Change 

 Change 

 Change 

 Change 

 Revenue from rental operations and other: 

 Base rents 

 $ 
 
 19,836 

 4.1 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 19,539 

 4.1 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 35,267 

 7.2 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 (34,970 
 
 ) 
 
 (7.2 
 
 )% 

 Escalations and recoveries from tenants 

 (1,976 
 
 ) 
 
 (3.2 
 
 ) 
 
 413 

 0.6 

 2,975 

 4.8 

 (5,364 
 
 ) 
 
 (8.6 
 
 ) 

 Parking income 

 2,506 

 22.5 

 856 

 7.7 

 1,790 

 16.1 

 (140 
 
 ) 
 
 (1.3 
 
 ) 

 Other income 

 1,180 

 25.6 

 1,355 

 29.4 

 166 

 3.6 

 (341 
 
 ) 
 
 (7.4 
 
 ) 

 Total 

 $ 
 
 21,546 

 3.8 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 22,163 

 3.9 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 40,198 

 7.1 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 (40,815 
 
 ) 
 
 (7.2 
 
 )% 

 Property expenses: 

 Real estate taxes 

 $ 
 
 4,691 

 5.7 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 7,867 

 9.6 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 3,739 

 4.5 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 (6,915 
 
 ) 
 
 (8.4 
 
 )% 

 Utilities 

 (6,341 
 
 ) 
 
 (11.3 
 
 ) 
 
 (6,067 
 
 ) 
 
 (10.8 
 
 ) 
 
 2,867 

 5.1 

 (3,141 
 
 ) 
 
 (5.6 
 
 ) 

 Operating services 

 (3,997 
 
 ) 
 
 (3.7 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,384 
 
 ) 
 
 (2.2 
 
 ) 
 
 7,707 

 7.1 

 (9,320 
 
 ) 
 
 (8.6 
 
 ) 

 Total 

 $ 
 
 (5,647 
 
 ) 
 
 (2.3 
 
 )% 
 
 $ 
 
 (584 
 
 ) 
 
 (0.2 
 
 )% 
 
 $ 
 
 14,313 

 5.8 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 (19,376 
 
 ) 
 
 (7.9 
 
 )% 

 OTHER DATA: 

 Number of Consolidated Properties 

 199 

 190 

 9 

 36 

 Commercial Square feet (in thousands) 

 20,944 

 19,911 

 1,033 

 4,743 

 Multi-family portfolio (number of units) 

 2,027 

 1,081 

 946 

 &#151; 

 Base rents. Base rents for the Same-Store Properties increased $19.5 million, or 4.1 percent, for 2016 as compared to 2015, due primarily to an increase in occupancy in 2016 as compared to 2015, which resulted from a 90 basis point increase in the average same store percent leased to 89.1 percent from 88.2 percent and an increase in average rental rates per square foot to $23.36 from $22.26. 
 
 Escalations and recoveries. Escalations and recoveries from tenants for the Same-Store Properties were mostly unchanged with an increase of $0.4 million, or 0.6 percent, for 2016 over 2015. 
 
 Parking income. Parking income for the Same-Store Properties increased $0.9 million, or 7.7 percent for 2016 as compared to 2015 due primarily to increased usage. 
 
 Other income. Other income for the Same-Store Properties increased $1.4 million, or 29.4 percent due primarily to proceeds from a litigation settlement received in 2016. 
 
 Real estate taxes. Real estate taxes on the Same-Store Properties increased $7.9 million, or 9.6 percent, for 2016 as compared to 2015. The change in real estate taxes principally results from a decrease in tax appeal proceeds received in 2016 as compared to 2015. Real estate taxes, without the effect of net tax appeal proceeds, increased $1.5 million, or 1.9 percent, for 2016 as compared to 2015 due primarily to increased rates. 
 
 Utilities. Utilities for the year decreased $6.1 million, or 10.8 percent, for 2016 as compared to 2015, due primarily to decreased electricity rates in 2016. 
 
 Operating services. Operating services for the Same-Store Properties decreased $2.4 million, or 2.2 percent, due primarily to a decrease in snow removal and building cleaning costs in 2016 as compared to 2015. 
 
 Real estate services revenue. Real estate services revenues (primarily reimbursement of property personnel costs) decreased $3.0 million, or 10.2 percent, for 2016 as compared to 2015, due primarily to decreased third party development and management activity in multi-family services in 2016 as compared to 2015. 
 
 Real estate services expenses. Real estate services expenses increased $0.7 million, or 2.6 percent, for 2016 as compared to 2015. This increase was due primarily to increased compensation and related costs. 
 
 50 

 Table of Contents 
 
 General and administrative. General and administrative expenses increased $2.8 million, or 5.8 percent, in 2016 as compared to 2015 due primarily to an increase in stock compensation in 2016. 
 
 Acquisition-related costs . The Company incurred transaction costs of $2.9 million in 2016 and $1.6 million in 2015 related to the Company&#146;s property and joint venture acquisitions. See Note 3 to the Financial Statements: Recent Transactions &#151; Acquisitions. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization increased $16.3 million, or 9.6 percent, for 2016 over 2015. This increase was due primarily to depreciation of $24.9 million in 2016 on the acquired properties, partially offset by lower depreciation of $13.2 million in 2016 as compared to 2015 for properties sold or removed from service. 
 
 Impairments. The Company recorded $197.9 million in impairment charges in 2015 on certain properties to reduce the carrying values to their estimated fair market values, with no such charges taken in 2016. See Note 3: Recent Transactions &#151; to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Interest expense. Interest expense decreased $8.2 million, or 7.9 percent, for 2016 as compared to 2015. This decrease was primarily the result of lower interest rates achieved on refinanced debt 2016. 
 
 Interest and other investment income. Interest and other investment income increased $0.8 million, or 103.3 percent, for 2016 as compared to 2015 primarily as a result of a valuation mark to market gain for an interest swap in 2016. 
 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures. Equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures increased $22.0 million, or 692.3 percent, for 2016 as compared to 2015. The increase was due primarily to an increase in equity in earnings income of $21.7 million from refinancing proceeds received from the Company&#146;s South Pier at Harborside venture. See Note 4 to the Financial Statements: Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures. 
 
 Gain on change of control of interests. In 2016, the Company recorded a gain on change of control of $15.3 million in connection with the acquisitions of the remaining interests of residential properties located in Malden and East Boston, Massachusetts. 
 
 Realized gains (losses) and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net. The Company had realized gains on disposition of rental property of $109.7 million in 2016 and $53.3 million in 2015. See Note 3: Recent Transactions &#151; Dispositions &#151; to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture. In 2016, the Company realized a gain of $5.7 million on the sale of an unconsolidated joint venture property located in Weehawken, New Jersey. In 2015, the Company realized a gain of $6.4 million on the sale of an unconsolidated joint venture property located in Morristown, New Jersey. 
 
 Loss from extinguishment of debt, net. In 2016, the Company recognized a loss from extinguishment of debt, net, of $30.5 million due primarily to the costs of repayment of certain senior unsecured notes and a mortgage loan of $42.5 million offset by a gain from a discounted mortgage loan repayment of $12.4 million. See Note 7 to the Financial Statements: Senior Unsecured Notes and Note 9 to the Financial Statements: Mortgages, Loans Payable and Other Obligations. 
 
 Net income (loss). Net income increased to $130.3 million in 2016 from a loss of $142.1 million in 2015. The increase of $272.3 million was due to the factors discussed above. 
 
 51 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2014 

 Year Ended 

 December 31, 

 Dollar 

 Percent 

 (dollars in thousands) 

 2015 

 2014 

 Change 

 Change 

 Revenue from rental operations and other: 

 Base rents 

 $ 
 
 487,041 

 $ 
 
 516,727 

 $ 
 
 (29,686 
 
 ) 
 
 (5.7 
 
 )% 

 Escalations and recoveries from tenants 

 62,481 

 78,554 

 (16,073 
 
 ) 
 
 (20.5 
 
 ) 

 Parking income 

 11,124 

 9,107 

 2,017 

 22.1 

 Other income 

 4,617 

 3,773 

 844 

 22.4 

 Total revenues from rental operations 

 565,263 

 608,161 

 (42,898 
 
 ) 
 
 (7.1 
 
 ) 

 Property expenses: 

 Real estate taxes 

 82,688 

 90,750 

 (8,062 
 
 ) 
 
 (8.9 
 
 ) 

 Utilities 

 55,965 

 72,822 

 (16,857 
 
 ) 
 
 (23.1 
 
 ) 

 Operating services 

 107,951 

 112,621 

 (4,670 
 
 ) 
 
 (4.1 
 
 ) 

 Total property expenses 

 246,604 

 276,193 

 (29,589 
 
 ) 
 
 (10.7 
 
 ) 

 Non-property revenues: 

 Real estate services 

 29,620 

 28,638 

 982 

 3.4 

 Total non-property revenues 

 29,620 

 28,638 

 982 

 3.4 

 Non-property expenses: 

 Real estate services expenses 

 25,583 

 26,136 

 (553 
 
 ) 
 
 (2.1 
 
 ) 

 General and administrative 

 49,147 

 71,051 

 (21,904 
 
 ) 
 
 (30.8 
 
 ) 

 Acquisition-related costs 

 1,560 

 2,118 

 (558 
 
 ) 
 
 (26.3 
 
 ) 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 170,402 

 172,490 

 (2,088 
 
 ) 
 
 (1.2 
 
 ) 

 Impairments 

 197,919 

 &#151; 

 197,919 

 &#151; 

 Total non-property expenses 

 444,611 

 271,795 

 172,816 

 63.6 

 Operating income 

 (96,332 
 
 ) 
 
 88,811 

 (185,143 
 
 ) 
 
 (208.5 
 
 ) 

 Other (expense) income: 

 Interest expense 

 (103,051 
 
 ) 
 
 (112,878 
 
 ) 
 
 9,827 

 8.7 

 Interest and other investment income 

 794 

 3,615 

 (2,821 
 
 ) 
 
 (78.0 
 
 ) 

 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (3,172 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,423 
 
 ) 
 
 (749 
 
 ) 
 
 (30.9 
 
 ) 

 Gain on change of control of interests 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Realized gains (losses) and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net 

 53,261 

 54,848 

 (1,587 
 
 ) 
 
 (2.9 
 
 ) 

 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture 

 6,448 

 &#151; 

 6,448 

 &#151; 

 Loss from extinguishment of debt, net 

 &#151; 

 (582 
 
 ) 
 
 582 

 100.0 

 Total other (expense) income 

 (45,720 
 
 ) 
 
 (57,420 
 
 ) 
 
 11,700 

 20.4 

 Net income (loss) 

 $ 
 
 (142,052 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 31,391 

 $ 
 
 (173,443 
 
 ) 
 
 (552.5 
 
 )% 
 
 52 

 Table of Contents 
 
 The following is a summary of the changes in revenue from rental operations and property expenses in 2015 as compared to 2014 divided into Same-Store Properties, Acquired Properties and Properties Sold in 2015 and 2014: 

 Total 

 Same-Store 

 Acquired 

 Properties 

 Company 

 Properties 

 Properties 

 Sold in 2014 and 2015 

 Dollar 

 Percent 

 Dollar 

 Percent 

 Dollar 

 Percent 

 Dollar 

 Percent 

 (dollars in thousands) 

 Change 

 Change 

 Change 

 Change 

 Change 

 Change 

 Change 

 Change 

 Revenue from rental operations and other: 

 Base rents 

 $ 
 
 (29,686 
 
 ) 
 
 (5.7 
 
 )% 
 
 $ 
 
 6,660 

 1.3 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 1,780 

 0.3 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 (38,126 
 
 ) 
 
 (7.3 
 
 )% 

 Escalations and recoveries from tenants 

 (16,073 
 
 ) 
 
 (20.5 
 
 ) 
 
 (9,166 
 
 ) 
 
 (11.7 
 
 ) 
 
 128 

 0.2 

 (7,035 
 
 ) 
 
 (9.0 
 
 ) 

 Parking income 

 2,017 

 22.1 

 1,100 

 12.1 

 915 

 10.0 

 2 

 &#151; 

 Other income 

 844 

 22.4 

 547 

 14.5 

 (24 
 
 ) 
 
 (0.6 
 
 ) 
 
 321 

 8.5 

 Total 

 $ 
 
 (42,898 
 
 ) 
 
 (7.1 
 
 )% 
 
 $ 
 
 (859 
 
 ) 
 
 (0.1 
 
 )% 
 
 $ 
 
 2,799 

 0.5 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 (44,838 
 
 ) 
 
 (7.5 
 
 )% 

 Property expenses: 

 Real estate taxes 

 $ 
 
 (8,062 
 
 ) 
 
 (8.9 
 
 )% 
 
 $ 
 
 (5,314 
 
 ) 
 
 5.9 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 2,034 

 2.2 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 (4,782 
 
 ) 
 
 (5.2 
 
 )% 

 Utilities 

 (16,857 
 
 ) 
 
 (23.1 
 
 ) 
 
 (10,701 
 
 ) 
 
 (14.7 
 
 ) 
 
 218 

 0.3 

 (6,374 
 
 ) 
 
 (8.7 
 
 ) 

 Operating services 

 (4,670 
 
 ) 
 
 (4.1 
 
 ) 
 
 1,545 

 1.4 

 1,268 

 1.1 

 (7,483 
 
 ) 
 
 (6.6 
 
 ) 

 Total 

 $ 
 
 (29,589 
 
 ) 
 
 (10.7 
 
 )% 
 
 $ 
 
 (14,470 
 
 ) 
 
 (5.2 
 
 )% 
 
 $ 
 
 3,520 

 1.3 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 (18,639 
 
 ) 
 
 (6.8 
 
 )% 

 OTHER DATA: 

 Number of Consolidated Properties 

 223 

 221 

 2 

 26 

 Commercial Square feet (in thousands) 

 24,212 

 24,016 

 196 

 3,959 

 Multi-family portfolio (number of units) 

 1,301 

 1,081 

 220 

 &#151; 

 Base rents. Base rents for the Same-Store Properties increased $6.7 million, or 1.3 percent, for 2015 as compared to 2014, due primarily to an increase in occupancy in 2015 as compared to 2014, which resulted from a 90 basis point increase in the average same store percent leased to 85.0 percent from 84.1 percent and an increase in average rental rents per square foot to $22.27 from $22.23. 
 
 Escalations and recoveries. Escalations and recoveries from tenants for the Same-Store Properties decreased $9.2 million, or 11.7 percent, for 2015 over 2014 due primarily to recoveries from tenants of higher electric expenses in 2014 which the Company partially recovers from tenants pursuant to the terms of most of its leases with significantly lower expenses to recover in 2015. 
 
 Parking income. Parking income for the Same-Store Properties increased $1.1 million, or 12.1 percent for 2015 as compared to 2014 due primarily to increased usage. 
 
 Other income. Other income for the Same-Store Properties increased $0.5 million, or 14.5 percent due primarily to various small income items in 2015. 
 
 Real estate taxes. Real estate taxes on the Same-Store Properties decreased $5.3 million, or 5.9 percent, for 2015 as compared to 2014. The change in real estate taxes principally results from an increase in tax appeal proceeds received in 2015 as compared to 2014. Real estate taxes, without the effect of net tax appeal proceeds, increased $2.7 million, or 3.2 percent, for 2015 as compared to 2014 due primarily to increased rates. 
 
 Utilities. Utilities for the year decreased $10.7 million, or 14.7 percent, for 2015 as compared to 2014. Extended winter freeze conditions in early 2014 caused record electricity demand, and combined with reduced natural gas production and distribution disruptions, resulted in significant market price increases for electricity during the 2014 period. 
 
 Operating services. Operating services for the Same-Store Properties increased $1.5 million, or 1.4 percent, due primarily to an increase in snow removal and other service costs for 2015 as compared to 2014. 
 
 Real estate services revenue. Real estate services revenues (primarily reimbursement of property personnel costs) increased $1.0 million, or 3.4 percent, for 2015 as compared to 2014, due primarily to increased third party development and management activity in multi-family services in 2015 as compared to 2014. 
 
 Real estate services expenses. Real estate services expenses decreased $0.6 million, or 2.1 percent, for 2015 as compared to 2014. This decrease was due primarily to decreased compensation and related costs. 
 
 53 

 Table of Contents 
 
 General and administrative. General and administrative expenses decreased $21.9 million, or 30.8 percent, in 2015 as compared to 2014, which was primarily due to severance costs in 2014 of $23.8 million related to the departure of the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer and certain of the Company&#146;s other executive officers. 
 
 Acquisition-related costs . The Company incurred transaction costs of $1.6 million in 2015 and $2.1 million in 2014 related to the Company&#146;s property and joint venture acquisitions. See Note 3 to the Financial Statements: Recent Transactions &#151; Acquisitions. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization decreased $2.1 million, or 1.2 percent, for 2015 over 2014. This decrease was due primarily to assets of Same-Store Properties becoming fully amortized, and depreciation in 2014 for properties sold in 2014 and early 2015. These were partially offset by accelerated depreciation in 2015 for properties being removed from service. 
 
 Impairments. The Company recorded $197.9 million in impairment charges in 2015 on certain properties to reduce the carrying values to their estimated fair market values, with no such charges taken in 2014. See Note 3: Recent Transactions &#151; to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Interest expense. Interest expense decreased $9.8 million, or 8.7 percent, for 2015 as compared to 2014. This decrease was primarily the result of lower overall average debt balances in 2015 as compared to 2014. 
 
 Interest and other investment income. Interest and other investment income decreased $2.8 million, or 78.0 percent, for 2015 as compared to 2014. This was primarily due to interest income on lower average notes receivable balances in 2015. 
 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures. Equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures decreased $0.7 million, or 30.9 percent, for 2015 as compared to 2014. The decrease was due primarily to a loss of $3.7 million in 2015 from the Capitol Place Mezz venture (which commenced operations in 2015), and a gain of $2.3 million in 2014 from the Stanford SM venture (the venture&#146;s note receivable was repaid in 2014). These were partially offset by income of $3.8 million in 2015 from distributions received from the Keystone-Penn joint venture due to a loan refinancing of the venture&#146;s property and a decreased loss from the Rosewood Lafayette Holdings joint venture (in which the Company sold its interest in 2015) of $0.8 million for 2015 as compared to 2014. 
 
 Realized gains (losses) on disposition of rental property, net. The Company had realized gains on disposition of rental property of $53.3 million in 2015 and $54.8 million in 2014. See Note 3: Recent Transactions &#151; Dispositions &#151; to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture. The Company realized a gain of $6.4 million in 2015 on the sale of its equity interest in the Rosewood Lafayette Holdings L.L.C. joint venture. 
 
 Loss from early extinguishment of debt. In 2014, the Company recognized a loss from early extinguishment of debt of $582,000 due to the early redemption of $150 million principal amount of 5.125 percent Notes in December 2014, which were scheduled to mature in January 2015. 
 
 Net income (loss). Net income decreased to a loss of approximately $142.0 million in 2015 from income of $31.4 million in 2014. The decrease of $173.4 million was due to the factors discussed above. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 Overview : 
 
 Historically, rental revenue has been the Company&#146;s principal source of funds to pay operating expenses, debt service, capital expenditures and dividends, excluding non-recurring capital expenditures. To the extent that the Company&#146;s cash flow from operating activities is insufficient to finance its non-recurring capital expenditures such as property acquisitions, development and construction costs and other capital expenditures, the Company has and expects to continue to finance such activities through borrowings under its unsecured revolving credit facility, other debt and equity financings, proceeds from the sale of properties and joint venture capital. 
 
 The Company expects to meet its short-term liquidity requirements generally through its working capital, which may include proceeds from the sales of office properties, net cash provided by operating activities and from its unsecured revolving credit facility. The Company frequently examines potential property acquisitions and development projects and, at any given time, one or more of such acquisitions or development projects may be under consideration. Accordingly, the ability to fund property acquisitions and 
 
 54 

 Table of Contents 
 
 development projects is a major part of the Company&#146;s financing requirements. The Company expects to meet its financing requirements through funds generated from operating activities, to the extent available, proceeds from property sales, joint venture capital, long-term and short-term borrowings (including draws on the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility) and the issuance of additional debt and/or equity securities. 
 
 Repositioning of the Company&#146;s Portfolio : 
 
 As described earlier relative to its current strategic initiative, the Company&#146;s management has been reviewing its portfolio and identifying opportunities to divest of non-core office properties that no longer meet its long-term strategy, have reached their potential, are less efficient to operate, or when market conditions are favorable to be sold at attractive prices. The Company anticipates redeploying the proceeds from non-core rental property sales in the near-term to acquire office properties, enhance amenities and infrastructure at existing office properties, develop, redevelop and acquire multi-family rental properties, as well as reposition certain office properties into multi-family residential and/or mixed use properties, in its core Northeast sub-markets. 
 
 Construction Projects : 
 
 In 2014, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Ironstate Harborside-A LLC to form Harborside Unit A Urban Renewal, L.L.C. that is developing a high-rise tower of approximately 763 multi-family apartment units above a parking pedestal at the Company&#146;s Harborside complex in Jersey City, New Jersey. The Company owns an 85 percent interest in the joint venture with shared control over major decisions. The construction of the project, which is projected to be ready for occupancy by first quarter 2017, is estimated to cost $320 million (of which development costs of $301.1 million have been incurred by the venture through December 31, 2016). The venture has a construction/permanent loan with a maximum borrowing amount of $192 million (with $155.2 million outstanding as of December 31, 2016). The Company does not expect to fund any future development costs of the project, as future development costs will be funded by using the loan financing. 
 
 In 2015, the Company commenced development of a two-phase multi-family development of the CitySquare project in Worcester, Massachusetts. The first phase, with 237 units, is under construction with anticipated initial deliveries in the fourth quarter 2017. The second phase, with 128 units, started construction in the third quarter 2016 with anticipated initial deliveries in the third quarter 2018. Total development costs for both phases are estimated to be $92 million with development costs of $34.5 million incurred through December 31, 2016. The Company has a construction loan with a maximum borrowing amount of $58 million (with no outstanding balance as of December 31, 2016). The Company does not expect to fund additional costs for the completion of the project as future development costs will be funded by using the loan financings. 
 
 In 2015, the Company entered into a 90-percent owned joint venture with XS Port Imperial Hotel, LLC to form XS Hotel Urban Renewal Associates LLC, which is developing a 372-key hotel in Weehawken, New Jersey. The construction of the project is estimated to cost $129.6 million, with development costs of $55.8 million incurred by the venture through December 31, 2016. The venture has a $94 million construction loan (with $14.9 million outstanding as of December 31, 2016). The Company does not expect to fund additional costs for the completion of the project as future costs will be funded by using the loan financing. 
 
 In 2016, the Company commenced the repurposing of a former office property site in Morris Plains, New Jersey into a 197-unit multi-family development project. The project, which is estimated to cost $58.7 million of which development costs of $18.6 million have been incurred through December 31, 2016, is expected to be ready for occupancy by the fourth quarter of 2017. The project costs are expected to be funded primarily from a $42 million construction loan. 
 
 In 2016, the Company started construction of a 296-unit multi-family project in East Boston, Massachusetts. The project is expected to be ready for occupancy by second quarter 2018 and is estimated to cost $111.4 million. The project costs are expected to be funded primarily from a $73 million construction loan. The Company expects to fund $38.4 million for the development of the project, of which the Company has funded $35.3 million as of December 31, 2016. 
 
 The Company is developing a 295-unit multi-family project in Weehawken, New Jersey, which began construction in first quarter 2016. The project, which is expected to be ready for occupancy by first quarter 2018, is estimated to cost $124 million (of which development costs of $42 million have been incurred through December 31, 2016). The project costs are expected to be funded primarily from a $78 million construction loan. The Company expects to fund $46 million for the development of the project, of which the Company has funded $27.9 million as of December 31, 2016. 
 
 The Company is developing a 310-unit multi-family project in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania, which began construction in third quarter 2016 with anticipated initial occupancy in fourth quarter 2018. The project is estimated to cost $89.4 million (of which development costs of $21.7 million have been incurred through December 31, 2016). The project costs are expected to be funded primarily from a $54 million construction loan and the balance of $35.4 million from the Company. 
 
 55 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Preferred Equity-Roseland Subsidiary 
 
 On February 27, 2017, the Company, Roseland Residential Trust (&#147;RRT&#148;), the Company&#146;s wholly-owned subsidiary through which the Company conducts its multi-family residential real estate operations, Roseland Residential, L.P. (&#147;RRLP&#148;), the operating partnership through which RRT conducts all of its operations, and certain other affiliates of the Company entered into an investment agreement (the &#147;Investment Agreement&#148;) with affiliates of Rockpoint Group, L.L.C. and certain of its affiliates (collectively, &#147;Rockpoint&#148;). The Investment Agreement provides for multiple equity investments by Rockpoint in RRLP from time to time for up to an aggregate of $300 million of preferred units of limited partnership interests of RRLP (the &#147;Preferred Units&#148;). The initial closing under the Investment Agreement is expected to occur by mid-March 2017 for $150 million of Preferred Units, inclusive of a $30 million deposit paid by Rockpoint to RRLP on signing the Investment Agreement. Additional closings of Preferred Units to be issued and sold to Rockpoint pursuant to the Investment Agreement may occur from time to time in increments of not less than $10 million per closing, with the balance of the full $300 million by March 1, 2019. See further discussion in Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 REIT Restrictions : 
 
 To maintain its qualification as a REIT under the Code, the General Partner must make annual distributions to its stockholders of at least 90 percent of its REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and by excluding net capital gains. Moreover, the General Partner intends to continue to make regular quarterly distributions to its common stockholders. Based upon the most recently paid common stock dividend rate of $0.15 per common share, in the aggregate, such distributions would equal approximately $53.8 million ($60.5 million, including common units in the Operating Partnership held by parties other than the General Partner) on an annualized basis. However, any such distributions, whether for federal income tax purposes or otherwise, would be paid out of available cash, including borrowings and other sources, after meeting operating requirements, preferred stock dividends and distributions, and scheduled debt service on the Company&#146;s debt. If and to the extent the Company retains and does not distribute any net capital gains, the General Partner will be required to pay federal, state and local taxes on such net capital gains at the rate applicable to capital gains of a corporation. 
 
 Property Lock-Ups : 
 
 Through February 2016, the Company could not dispose of or distribute certain of its properties which were originally contributed by certain unrelated common unitholders of the Operating Partnership, without the express written consent of such common unitholders, as applicable, except in a manner which did not result in recognition of any built-in-gain (which could result in an income tax liability) or which reimbursed the appropriate specific common unitholders for the tax consequences of the recognition of such built-in-gains (collectively, the &#147;Property Lock-Ups&#148;). The aforementioned restrictions did not apply in the event that the Company sold all of its properties or in connection with a sale transaction which the Company&#146;s Board of Directors determined was reasonably necessary to satisfy a material monetary default on any unsecured debt, judgment or liability of the Company or to cure any material monetary default on any mortgage secured by a property. The Property Lock-Ups expired as of February 2016. Upon the expiration of the Property Lock-Ups, the Company is generally required to use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent any sale, transfer or other disposition of the subject properties from resulting in the recognition of built-in gain to the specific common unitholders, which include members of the Mack Group (which includes William L. Mack, Chairman of the Company&#146;s Board of Directors; David S. Mack, director; and Earle I. Mack, a former director), the Robert Martin Group (which includes Robert F. Weinberg, a former director and current member of its Advisory Board), and the Cali Group (which includes John R. Cali, a former director and current member of its Advisory Board). As of December 31, 2016, 107 of the Company&#146;s properties, with an aggregate carrying value of approximately $1.2 billion, have lapsed restrictions and are subject to these conditions. 
 
 Unencumbered Properties : 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had 187 unencumbered properties with a carrying value of $2.4 billion representing 94.0 percent of the Company&#146;s total consolidated property count. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased by $5.5 million to $31.6 million at December 31, 2016, compared to $37.1 million at December 31, 2015. This decrease is comprised of the following net cash flow items: 
 
 (1) $100.1 million provided by operating activities. 
 
 (2) $137.7 million used in investing activities, consisting primarily of the following: 
 
 (a) $35.9 million used for investments in unconsolidated joint ventures; plus 
 (b) $407.9 million used for rental property acquisitions and related intangibles; plus 
 (c) $121.6 million used for additions to rental property and improvements; plus 
 (d) $206.9 million used for the development of rental property, other related costs and deposits; plus 
 (e) $1.9 million increase in restricted cash; minus 
 (f) $607.4 million from proceeds from the sales of rental property; minus 
 (g) $0.5 million received from payments of notes receivables; minus 
 (h) $6.4 million from proceeds from the sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture; minus 
 (i) $22.2 million received from distributions in excess of cumulative earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 
 (3) $32.1 million provided by financing activities, consisting primarily of the following: 
 
 (a) $1.17 billion from borrowings under the revolving credit facility; plus 
 (b) $350 million from borrowings from the unsecured term loan; plus 
 
 56 

 Table of Contents 
 
 (c) $455.2 million from proceeds received from mortgages and loans payable; plus 
 (d) $1.1 million from contributions from noncontrolling interests; minus 
 (e) $1.03 billion used for repayments of revolving credit facility; minus 
 (f) $448.3 million used for repayment of senior unsecured notes; minus 
 (g) $349.4 million used for repayments of mortgages, loans payable and other obligations; minus 
 (h) $37.9 million used for acquisition of noncontrolling interests; minus 
 (i) $60 million used for payments of dividends and distributions; minus 
 (j) $9.4 million used for repayment of finance cost. 
 
 Debt Financing 
 
 Summary of Debt : 
 
 The following is a breakdown of the Company&#146;s debt between fixed and variable-rate financing as of December 31, 2016: 

 Balance 

 Weighted Average 

 Weighted Average 

 ($000&#146;s) 

 % of Total 

 Interest Rate (a) 

 Maturity in Years 

 Fixed Rate Unsecured Debt and Other Obligations 

 $ 
 
 1,175,000 

 49.85 
 
 % 
 
 3.53 
 
 % 
 
 3.65 

 Fixed Rate Secured Debt 

 700,773 

 29.73 
 
 % 
 
 4.82 
 
 % 
 
 6.05 

 Variable Rate Secured Debt 

 195,282 

 8.29 
 
 % 
 
 4.24 
 
 % 
 
 1.37 

 Variable Rate Unsecured Debt (b) 

 286,000 

 12.13 
 
 % 
 
 2.04 
 
 % 
 
 0.58 

 Totals/Weighted Average: 

 $ 
 
 2,357,055 

 100.00 
 
 % 
 
 3.79 
 
 %(b) 
 
 3.80 

 Adjustment for unamortized debt discount 

 (4,430 
 
 ) 

 Unamortized deferred financing costs 

 (12,616 
 
 ) 

 Total Debt, Net 

 $ 
 
 2,340,009 

 (a) The actual weighted average LIBOR rate for the Company&#146;s outstanding variable rate debt was 0.72 percent as of December 31, 2016, plus the applicable spread. 
 (b) Excludes amortized deferred financing costs pertaining to the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility which amounted to $3.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
 
 Debt Maturities : 
 
 Scheduled principal payments and related weighted average annual effective interest rates for the Company&#146;s debt as of December 31, 2016 are as follows: 

 Scheduled 

 Principal 

 Weighted Avg. 

 Amortization 

 Maturities 

 Total 

 Effective Interest Rate of 

 Period 

 ($000&#146;s) 

 ($000&#146;s) 

 ($000&#146;s) 

 Future Repayments (a) 

 2017 (b) 

 $ 
 
 6,776 

 $ 
 
 637,643 

 $ 
 
 644,419 

 2.88 
 
 % 

 2018 

 6,977 

 281,163 

 288,140 

 6.15 
 
 % 

 2019 

 1,912 

 430,799 

 432,711 

 3.48 
 
 % 

 2020 

 1,977 

 &#151; 

 1,977 

 4.05 
 
 % 

 2021 

 2,050 

 3,800 

 5,850 

 4.38 
 
 % 

 Thereafter 

 6,813 

 977,145 

 983,958 

 3.83 
 
 % 

 Sub-total 

 26,505 

 2,330,550 

 2,357,055 

 Adjustment for unamortized debt discount/premium, net as of December 31, 2016 

 (4,430 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (4,430 
 
 ) 

 Unamortized deferred financing costs 

 (12,616 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (12,616 
 
 ) 

 Totals/Weighted Average 

 $ 
 
 9,459 

 $ 
 
 2,330,550 

 $ 
 
 2,340,009 

 3.79 
 
 %(c) 

 (a) The actual weighted average LIBOR rate for the Company&#146;s outstanding variable rate debt was 0.72 percent as of December 31, 2016, plus the applicable spread. 
 (b) Includes outstanding borrowings of the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility of $286 million which, in January 2017, was amended and restated and matures in January 2021. 
 (c) Excludes amortized deferred financing costs pertaining to the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility which amounted to $3.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes : 
 
 On September 12, 2016, the Company commenced a tender offer to purchase for cash any and all of its $250 million principal amount, 7.750 percent Senior Unsecured Notes due August 15, 2019 (the &#147;2019 Notes&#148;) subject to certain terms and conditions. On September 19, 2016, the Company purchased $114.9 million principal amount of these notes validly tendered pursuant to its tender offer. The purchase price, including a make-whole premium, was 115.977 percent of the face amount of these notes, plus all accrued and unpaid 
 57 

 Table of Contents 
 
 interest up to the settlement date. The Company funded the purchase price, including accrued and unpaid interest, of approximately $134.1 million using available cash and borrowings on the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 On November 29, 2016, the Company announced that it would redeem for cash all $135.1 million outstanding principal amount of the 2019 Notes. The 2019 Notes were redeemed on December 28, 2016. The redemption price for the 2019 Notes, including a make-whole premium, was 115.314 percent of the principal amount of the 2019 Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest up to the redemption date. The Company funded the redemption price, including accrued and unpaid interest, of approximately $159.7 million using available cash and borrowings from its unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 In connection with the redemption of the 2019 Notes, the Company recorded approximately $40.7 million as a loss from extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
 
 The terms of the Company&#146;s senior unsecured notes (which totaled approximately $817 million as of December 31, 2016) include certain restrictions and covenants which require compliance with financial ratios relating to the maximum amount of debt leverage, the maximum amount of secured indebtedness, the minimum amount of debt service coverage and the maximum amount of unsecured debt as a percent of unsecured assets. 
 
 Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loans : 
 
 Before it amended and restated its unsecured revolving credit facility in January 2017, the Company had a $600 million unsecured revolving credit facility with a group of 17 lenders that was scheduled to mature in July 2017. The interest rate on outstanding borrowings (not electing the Company&#146;s competitive bid feature) and the facility fee on the current borrowing capacity payable quarterly in arrears was based upon the Operating Partnership&#146;s unsecured debt ratings at the time, as follows: 

 Operating Partnership&#146;s 

 Interest Rate - 

 Unsecured Debt Ratings: 

 Applicable Basis Points 

 Facility Fee 

 Higher of S&P or Moody&#146;s 

 Above LIBOR 

 Basis Points 

 No ratings or less than BBB-/Baa3 

 170.0 

 35.0 

 BBB- or Baa3 (current through January 2017 amendment) 

 130.0 

 30.0 

 BBB or Baa2 

 110.0 

 20.0 

 BBB+ or Baa1 

 100.0 

 15.0 

 A- or A3 or higher 

 92.5 

 12.5 

 The terms of the unsecured facility through January 2017 included certain restrictions and covenants which limited, among other things the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the incurrence of liens and the disposition of real estate properties (to the extent that: (i) such property dispositions cause the Company to default on any of the financial ratios of the facility described below, or (ii) the property dispositions are completed while the Company is under an event of default under the facility, unless, under certain circumstances, such disposition is being carried out to cure such default), and which require compliance with financial ratios relating to the maximum leverage ratio (60 percent), the maximum amount of secured indebtedness (40 percent), the minimum amount of fixed charge coverage (1.5 times), the maximum amount of unsecured indebtedness (60 percent), the minimum amount of unencumbered property interest coverage (2.0 times) and certain investment limitations (generally 15 percent of total capitalization). If an event of default had occurred and was continuing, the Company would not make any excess distributions except to enable the General Partner to continue to qualify as a REIT under the Code. The Company was in compliance with its debt covenants under its unsecured revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2016 
 
 On January 25, 2017, the Company entered into an amended revolving credit facility and new term loan agreement (&#147;2017 Credit Agreement&#148;) with a group of 13 lenders. Pursuant to the 2017 Credit Agreement, the Company refinanced its existing $600 million unsecured revolving credit facility (&#147;2017 Credit Facility&#148;) and entered into a new $325 million unsecured, delayed-draw term loan facility (&#147;2017 Term Loan&#148;). 
 
 The terms of the 2017 Credit Facility included: (1) a four-year term ending in January 2021, with two six-month extension options; (2) revolving credit loans may be made to the Company in an aggregate principal amount of up to $600 million (subject to increase as discussed below), with a sublimit under the 2017 Credit Facility for the issuance of letters of credit in an amount not to exceed $60 million (subject to increase as discussed below); (3) an interest rate based on the Operating Partnership&#146;s unsecured debt ratings from Moody&#146;s or S&P, currently the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (&#147;LIBOR&#148;) plus 120 basis points, or, at the Operating Partnership&#146;s option, if it no longer maintains a debt rating from Moody&#146;s or S&P or such debt ratings fall below Baa3 and BBB-, based on a defined leverage ratio; and (4) a facility fee payable quarterly based on the Operating Partnership&#146;s unsecured debt ratings from Moody&#146;s or S&P, currently 25 basis points, or, at the Operating Partnership&#146;s option, if it no longer maintains a debt rating from Moody&#146;s or S&P or such debt ratings fall below Baa3 and BBB-, based on a defined leverage ratio. 
 
 58 

 Table of Contents 
 
 The interest rates on outstanding borrowings, alternate base rate loans and the facility fee on the current borrowing capacity payable quarterly in arrears on the 2017 Credit Facility are based upon the Operating Partnership&#146;s unsecured debt ratings, as follows: 

 Interest Rate - 

 Applicable Basis Points 

 Operating Partnership&#146;s 

 Interest Rate - 

 Above LIBOR for 

 Unsecured Debt Ratings: 

 Applicable Basis Points 

 Alternate Base Rate 

 Facility Fee 

 Higher of S&P or Moody&#146;s 

 Above LIBOR 

 Loans 

 Basis Points 

 No ratings or less than BBB-/Baa3 

 155.0 

 55.0 

 30.0 

 BBB- or Baa3 (current interest rate based on Company&#146;s election) 

 120.0 

 20.0 

 25.0 

 BBB or Baa2 

 100.0 

 0.0 

 20.0 

 BBB+ or Baa1 

 90.0 

 0.0 

 15.0 

 A- or A3 or higher 

 87.5 

 0.0 

 12.5 

 If the Company elected to use the defined leverage ratio, the interest rate under the 2017 Credit Facility would be based on the following total leverage ratio grid: 

 Interest Rate - 

 Applicable Basis Points 

 Interest Rate - 

 Above LIBOR for 

 Applicable Basis 

 Alternate Base Rate 

 Facility Fee 

 Total Leverage Ratio 

 Points above LIBOR 

 Loans 

 Basis Points 

 45% 

 125.0 

 25.0 

 20.0 

 45% and 50% (current ratio) 

 130.0 

 30.0 

 25.0 

 50% and 55% 

 135.0 

 35.0 

 30.0 

 55% 

 160.0 

 60.0 

 35.0 

 The terms of the 2017 Term Loan include: (1) a three-year term ending in January 2020, with two one-year extension options; (2) multiple draws of the term loan commitments may be made within 12 months of the effective date of the 2017 Credit Agreement up to an aggregate principal amount of $325 million (subject to increase as discussed below), with no requirement to be drawn in full; provided, that, if the Company does not borrow at least 50 percent of the initial term commitment from the term lenders (i.e. 50 percent of $325 million) on or before July 25, 2017, the amount of unused term loan commitments shall be reduced on such date so that, after giving effect to such reduction, the amount of unused term loan commitments is not greater than the outstanding term loans on such date; (3) an interest rate based on the Operating Partnership&#146;s unsecured debt ratings from Moody&#146;s or S&P, currently the LIBOR plus 140 basis points, or, at the Operating Partnership&#146;s option if it no longer maintains a debt rating from Moody&#146;s or S&P or such debt ratings fall below Baa3 and BBB-, based on a defined leverage ratio; and (4) a term commitment fee on any unused term loan commitment during the first 12 months after the effective date of the 2017 Credit Agreement at a rate of 0.25 percent per annum on the sum of the average daily unused portion of the aggregate term loan commitments. 
 
 The interest rate on the 2017 Term Loan is based upon Operating Partnership&#146;s unsecured debt ratings, as follows: 

 Interest Rate - 

 Applicable Basis Points 

 Operating Partnership&#146;s 

 Interest Rate - 

 Above LIBOR for 

 Unsecured Debt Ratings: 

 Applicable Basis Points 

 Alternate Base Rate 

 Higher of S&P or Moody&#146;s 

 Above LIBOR 

 Loans 

 No ratings or less than BBB-/Baa3 

 185.0 

 85.0 

 BBB- or Baa3 (current interest rate based on Company&#146;s election) 

 140.0 

 40.0 

 BBB or Baa2 

 115.0 

 15.0 

 BBB+ or Baa1 

 100.0 

 0.0 

 A- or A3 or higher 

 90.0 

 0.0 

 59 

 Table of Contents 
 
 If the Company elected to use the defined leverage ratio, the interest rate under the 2017 Term Loan would be based on the following total leverage ratio grid: 

 Interest Rate - 

 Applicable Basis Points 

 Interest Rate - 

 Above LIBOR for 

 Applicable Basis 

 Alternate Base Rate 

 Total Leverage Ratio 

 Points above LIBOR 

 Loans 

 45% 

 145.0 

 45.0 

 45% and 50% (current ratio) 

 155.0 

 55.0 

 50% and 55% 

 165.0 

 65.0 

 55% 

 195.0 

 95.0 

 On up to four occasions at any time after the effective date of the 2017 Credit Agreement, the Company may elect to request (1) an increase to the existing revolving credit commitments (any such increase, the &#147;New Revolving Credit Commitments&#148;) and/or (2) the establishment of one or more new term loan commitments (the &#147;New Term Commitments&#148;, together with the 2017 Credit Commitments, the &#147;Incremental Commitments&#148;), by up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $350 million for all Incremental Commitments. The Company may also request that the sublimit for letters of credit available under the 2017 Credit Facility be increased to $100 million (without arranging any New Revolving Credit Commitments). No lender or letter of credit issued has any obligation to accept any Incremental Commitment or any increase to the letter of credit subfacility. There is no premium or penalty associated with full or partial prepayment of borrowings under the 2017 Credit Agreement. 
 
 The 2017 Credit Agreement, which applies to both the 2017 Credit Facility and 2017 Term Loan, includes certain restrictions and covenants which limit, among other things the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the incurrence of liens and the disposition of real estate properties (to the extent that: (i) such property dispositions cause the Company to default on any of the financial ratios of the 2017 Credit Agreement (described below), or (ii) the property dispositions are completed while the Company is under an event of default under the 2017 Credit Agreement, unless, under certain circumstances, such disposition is being carried out to cure such default), and which require compliance with financial ratios relating to the maximum leverage ratio (60 percent), the maximum amount of secured indebtedness (40 percent), the minimum amount of fixed charge coverage (1.5 times), the maximum amount of unsecured indebtedness (60 percent), the minimum amount of unencumbered property interest coverage (2.0 times) and certain investment limitations (generally 15 percent of total capitalization). If an event of default has occurred and is continuing, the entire outstanding balance under the 2017 Credit Agreement may (or, in the case of any bankruptcy event of default, shall) become immediately due and payable, and the Company will not make any excess distributions except to enable the General Partner to continue to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 In January 2016, the Company obtained a $350 million unsecured term loan (&#147;2016 Term Loan&#148;), which matures in January 2019 with two one-year extension options. The interest rate for the term loan is currently 140 basis points over LIBOR, subject to adjustment on a sliding scale based on the Operating Partnership&#146;s unsecured debt ratings, or, at the Company&#146;s option, a defined leverage ratio. The Company entered into interest rate swap arrangements to fix LIBOR for the duration of the term loan. Including costs, the current all-in fixed rate is 3.13 percent. The proceeds from the loan were used primarily to repay outstanding borrowings on the Company&#146;s then existing unsecured revolving credit facility and to repay $200 million senior unsecured notes that matured on January 15, 2016. As of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there was $1.9 million and zero of unamortized deferred financing costs related to this debt. 
 
 The interest rate on the 2016 Term Loan is based upon the Operating Partnership&#146;s unsecured debt ratings, as follows: 

 Operating Partnership&#146;s 

 Interest Rate - 

 Unsecured Debt Ratings: 

 Applicable Basis Points 

 Higher of S&P or Moody&#146;s 

 Above LIBOR 

 No ratings or less than BBB-/Baa3 

 185.0 

 BBB- or Baa3 (current interest rate based on Company&#146;s election) 

 140.0 

 BBB or Baa2 

 115.0 

 BBB+ or Baa1 

 100.0 

 A- or A3 or higher 

 90.0 

 60 

 Table of Contents 
 
 If the Company elected to use the defined leverage ratio, the interest rate under the 2016 Term Loan would be based on the following total leverage ratio grid: 

 Interest Rate - 

 Applicable Basis 

 Total Leverage Ratio 

 Points above LIBOR 

 45% 

 145.0 

 45% and 50% (current ratio) 

 155.0 

 50% and 55% 

 165.0 

 55% 

 195.0 

 The terms of the 2016 Term Loan include certain restrictions and covenants which limit, among other things the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the incurrence of liens and the disposition of real estate properties (to the extent that: (i) such property dispositions cause the Company to default on any of the financial ratios of the term loan described below, or (ii) the property dispositions are completed while the Company is under an event of default under the term loan, unless, under certain circumstances, such disposition is being carried out to cure such default), and which require compliance with financial ratios relating to the maximum leverage ratio (60 percent), the maximum amount of secured indebtedness (40 percent), the minimum amount of fixed charge coverage (1.5 times), the maximum amount of unsecured indebtedness (60 percent), the minimum amount of unencumbered property interest coverage (2.0 times) and certain investment limitations (generally 15 percent of total capitalization). If an event of default has occurred and is continuing, the Company will not make any excess distributions except to enable the General Partner to continue to qualify as a REIT under the Code. The Company was in compliance with its debt covenants under its 2016 Term Loan as of December 31, 2016. 
 
 Mortgages, Loans Payable and Other Obligations : 
 
 On September 30, 2016, the Company obtained a $250 million mortgage loan, collateralized by its office property located at 101 Hudson Street in Jersey City, New Jersey. The loan bears an interest rate of 3.117 percent and matures in October 2026. The loan is interest-only during its term. 
 
 The Company has other mortgages, loans payable and other obligations which consist of various loans collateralized by certain of the Company&#146;s rental properties. Payments on mortgages, loans payable and other obligations are generally due in monthly installments of principal and interest, or interest only. 
 
 Debt Strategy : 
 
 The Company does not intend to reserve funds to retire the Company&#146;s senior unsecured notes, outstanding borrowings under its unsecured revolving credit facility, its unsecured term loans, or its mortgages, loans payable and other obligations upon maturity. Instead, the Company will seek to refinance such debt at maturity or retire such debt through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities on or before the applicable maturity dates. If it cannot raise sufficient proceeds to retire the maturing debt, the Company may draw on its revolving credit facility to retire the maturing indebtedness, which would reduce the future availability of funds under such facility. As of February 24, 2017, the Company had outstanding borrowings of $264 million under its unsecured revolving credit facility. The Company is reviewing various financing and refinancing options, including the redemption or purchase of the Operating Partnership&#146;s senior unsecured notes in public tender offers or privately-negotiated transactions, the issuance of additional, or exchange of current, unsecured debt of the Operating Partnership or common and preferred stock of the General Partner, and/or obtaining additional mortgage debt of the Operating Partnership, some or all of which may be completed in 2017. The Company currently anticipates that its available cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operating activities and proceeds from the sale of office properties, together with cash available from borrowings and other sources, will be adequate to meet the Company&#146;s capital and liquidity needs in the short term. However, if these sources of funds are insufficient or unavailable, due to current economic conditions or otherwise, or if capital needs to fund acquisition and development opportunities in the multi-family rental sector arise, the Company&#146;s ability to make the expected distributions discussed in &#147;REIT Restrictions&#148; above may be adversely affected. 
 
 61 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Equity Financing and Registration Statements 
 
 Common Equity : 
 
 The following table presents the changes in the General Partner&#146;s issued and outstanding shares of common stock and the Operating Partnership&#146;s common units from January 1, 2016 to December 31, 2016: 

 Common 

 Common 

 Stock 

 Units 

 Total 

 Outstanding at January 1, 2016 

 89,583,950 

 10,516,844 

 100,100,794 

 Common units redeemed for common stock 

 28,739 

 (28,739 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Shares issued under Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan 

 3,276 

 &#151; 

 3,276 

 Restricted shares issued 

 84,658 

 &#151; 

 84,658 

 Cancellation of restricted shares 

 (3,910 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (3,910 
 
 ) 

 Outstanding at December 31, 2016 

 89,696,713 

 10,488,105 

 100,184,818 

 Share Repurchase Program : 
 
 The General Partner has a share repurchase program which was renewed and authorized by its Board of Directors in September 2012 to purchase up to $150 million of the General Partner&#146;s outstanding common stock (&#147;Repurchase Program&#148;), which it may repurchase from time to time in open market transactions at prevailing prices or through privately negotiated transactions. As of December 31, 2016, the General Partner has a remaining authorization under the Repurchase Program of $139 million. There were no common stock repurchases in the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2016 and through February 24, 2017. 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan : 
 
 The Company has a Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (the &#147;DRIP&#148;) which commenced in March 1999 under which approximately 5.5 million shares of the General Partner&#146;s common stock have been reserved for future issuance. The DRIP provides for automatic reinvestment of all or a portion of a participant&#146;s dividends from the General Partner&#146;s shares of common stock. The DRIP also permits participants to make optional cash investments up to $5,000 a month without restriction and, if the Company waives this limit, for additional amounts subject to certain restrictions and other conditions set forth in the DRIP prospectus filed as part of the Company&#146;s effective registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;) for the approximately 5.5 million shares of the General Partner&#146;s common stock reserved for issuance under the DRIP. 
 
 Shelf Registration Statements : 
 
 The General Partner has an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC for an aggregate amount of $2.0 billion in common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, and/or warrants of the General Partner, under which no securities have been sold as of February 24, 2017. 
 
 The General Partner and the Operating Partnership also have an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC for an aggregate amount of $2.5 billion in common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares and guarantees of the General Partner and debt securities of the Operating Partnership, under which no securities have been sold as of February 24, 2017. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Unconsolidated Joint Venture Debt : 
 
 The debt of the Company&#146;s unconsolidated joint ventures generally provides for recourse to the Company for customary matters such as intentional misuse of funds, environmental conditions and material misrepresentations. The Company has agreed to guarantee repayment of a portion of the debt of its unconsolidated joint ventures. Such debt has a total facility amount of $192 million of which the Company has agreed to guarantee up to $22 million. As of December 31, 2016, the outstanding balance of such debt totaled $155.2 million of which $22 million was guaranteed by the Company. 
 
 The Company&#146;s off-balance sheet arrangements are further discussed in Note 4: Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures to the Financial Statements. 
 
 62 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 The following table outlines the timing of payment requirements related to the Company&#146;s debt (principal and interest), PILOT agreements, ground lease agreements and other obligations, as of December 31, 2016: 

 Payments Due by Period 

 Less than 1 

 2 &#150; 3 

 4 &#150; 5 

 6 &#150; 10 

 After 10 

 (dollars in thousands) 

 Total 

 Year 

 Years 

 Years 

 Years 

 Years 

 Senior unsecured notes 

 $ 
 
 961,807 

 $ 
 
 278,413 

 $ 
 
 44,325 

 $ 
 
 44,325 

 $ 
 
 594,744 

 &#151; 

 Unsecured revolving credit facility and term loans (a) 

 662,224 

 300,356 

 361,868 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Mortgages, loans payable and other obligations (b) 

 1,067,840 

 144,938 

 422,561 

 36,103 

 431,755 

 $ 
 
 32,483 

 Payments in lieu of taxes (PILOT) 

 31,156 

 5,754 

 11,627 

 11,627 

 2,148 

 &#151; 

 Ground lease payments 

 180,291 

 2,024 

 3,988 

 4,029 

 10,160 

 160,090 

 Other 

 1,655 

 &#151; 

 1,655 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total 

 $ 
 
 2,904,973 

 $ 
 
 731,485 

 $ 
 
 846,024 

 $ 
 
 96,084 

 $ 
 
 1,038,807 

 $ 
 
 192,573 

 (a) Interest payments assume LIBOR rate of 0.74 percent, which is the weighted average rate on this outstanding variable rate debt at December 31, 2016, plus the applicable spread. 
 (b) Interest payments assume LIBOR rate of 0.68 percent, which is the weighted average rate on its outstanding variable rate mortgage debt at December 31, 2016, plus the applicable spread. 
 
 Funds from Operations 
 
 Funds from operations (&#147;FFO&#148;) is defined as net income (loss) before noncontrolling interests of unitholders, computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains or losses from depreciable rental property transactions, and impairments related to depreciable rental property, plus real estate-related depreciation and amortization. The Company believes that the FFO is helpful to investors as one of several measures of the performance of an equity REIT. The Company further believes that as FFO excludes the effect of depreciation, gains (or losses) from sales of properties and impairments related to depreciable rental property (all of which are based on historical costs which may be of limited relevance in evaluating current performance), FFO can facilitate comparison of operating performance between equity REITs. 
 
 FFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income available to common shareholders as an indication of the Company&#146;s performance or to cash flows as a measure of liquidity. FFO presented herein is not necessarily comparable to FFO presented by other real estate companies due to the fact that not all real estate companies use the same definition. However, the Company&#146;s FFO is comparable to the FFO of real estate companies that use the current definition of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (&#147;NAREIT&#148;). 
 
 As the Company considers its primary earnings measure, net income available to common shareholders, as defined by GAAP, to be the most comparable earnings measure to FFO, the following table presents a reconciliation of net income available to common shareholders to FFO, as calculated in accordance with NAREIT&#146;s current definition, for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 ( in thousands ): 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

 $ 
 
 117,224 

 $ 
 
 (125,752 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 28,567 

 Add (deduct): Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership 

 13,721 

 (15,256 
 
 ) 
 
 3,602 

 Real estate-related depreciation and amortization on continuing operations (a) 

 204,746 

 190,875 

 185,339 

 Impairments 

 &#151; 

 197,919 

 &#151; 

 Gain on change of control of interests 

 (15,347 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Realized (gains) losses and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net 

 (109,666 
 
 ) 
 
 (53,261 
 
 ) 
 
 (54,848 
 
 ) 

 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture 

 (5,670 
 
 ) 
 
 (6,448 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Funds from operations 

 $ 
 
 205,008 

 $ 
 
 188,077 

 $ 
 
 162,660 

 (a) Includes the Company&#146;s share from unconsolidated joint ventures of $19.2 million, $21.6 million and $13.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Excludes non-real estate-related depreciation and amortization of $696,000, $350,000 and $348,000 for the years ended December 31, 
 
 63 

 Table of Contents 
 
 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively and $416,000, $604,000 and 492,000 of depreciation expense allocable to the Company&#146;s noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 
 
 Inflation 
 
 The Company&#146;s leases with the majority of its commercial tenants provide for recoveries and escalation charges based upon the tenant&#146;s proportionate share of, and/or increases in, real estate taxes and certain operating costs, which reduce the Company&#146;s exposure to increases in operating costs resulting from inflation. The Company believes that inflation did not materially impact the Company&#146;s results of operations and financial condition for the periods presented. 
 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 We consider portions of this information, including the documents incorporated by reference, to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 21E of such act. Such forward-looking statements relate to, without limitation, our future economic performance, plans and objectives for future operations and projections of revenue and other financial items. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as &#147;may,&#148; &#147;will,&#148; &#147;plan,&#148; &#147;potential,&#148; &#147;projected,&#148; &#147;should,&#148; &#147;expect,&#148; &#147;anticipate,&#148; &#147;estimate,&#148; &#147;target,&#148; &#147;continue&#148; or comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which we cannot predict with accuracy and some of which we might not even anticipate. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions at the time made, we can give no assurance that such expectations will be achieved. Future events and actual results, financial and otherwise, may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
 
 Among the factors about which we have made assumptions are: 
 
 &#183; risks and uncertainties affecting the general economic climate and conditions, which in turn may have a negative effect on the fundamentals of our business and the financial condition of our tenants and residents; 
 &#183; the value of our real estate assets, which may limit our ability to dispose of assets at attractive prices or obtain or maintain debt financing secured by our properties or on an unsecured basis; 
 &#183; the extent of any tenant bankruptcies or of any early lease terminations; 
 &#183; our ability to lease or re-lease space at current or anticipated rents; 
 &#183; changes in the supply of and demand for our properties; 
 &#183; changes in interest rate levels and volatility in the securities markets; 
 &#183; our ability to complete construction and development activities on time and within budget, including without limitation obtaining regulatory permits and the availability and cost of materials, labor and equipment; 
 &#183; forward-looking financial and operational information, including information relating to future development projects, potential acquisitions or dispositions, and projected revenue and income; 
 &#183; changes in operating costs; 
 &#183; our ability to obtain adequate insurance, including coverage for terrorist acts; 
 &#183; our credit worthiness and the availability of financing on attractive terms or at all, which may adversely impact our ability to pursue acquisition and development opportunities and refinance existing debt and our future interest expense; 
 &#183; changes in governmental regulation, tax rates and similar matters; and 
 &#183; other risks associated with the development and acquisition of properties, including risks that the development may not be completed on schedule, that the tenants or residents will not take occupancy or pay rent, or that development or operating costs may be greater than anticipated. 
 
 For further information on factors which could impact us and the statements contained herein, see Item 1A: Risk Factors. We assume no obligation to update and supplement forward-looking statements that become untrue because of subsequent events, new information or otherwise. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market risk is the exposure to loss resulting from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and equity prices. In pursuing its business plan, the primary market risk to which the Company is exposed is interest rate risk. Changes in 
 
 64 

 Table of Contents 
 
 the general level of interest rates prevailing in the financial markets may affect the spread between the Company&#146;s yield on invested assets and cost of funds and, in turn, its ability to make distributions or payments to its investors. 
 
 Approximately $1.9 billion of the Company&#146;s long-term debt as of December 31, 2016 bears interest at fixed rates and therefore the fair value of these instruments is affected by changes in market interest rates. The following table presents principal cash flows (in thousands) based upon maturity dates of the debt obligations and the related weighted-average interest rates by expected maturity dates for the fixed rate debt. The interest rates on the Company&#146;s variable rate debt as of December 31, 2016 ranged from LIBOR plus 130 basis points to LIBOR plus 950 basis points. Assuming interest-rate caps are not in effect, if market rates of interest on the Company&#146;s variable rate debt increased or decreased by 100 basis points, then the increase or decrease in interest costs on the Company&#146;s variable rate debt would be approximately $4.8 million annually and the increase or decrease in the fair value of the Company&#146;s fixed rate debt as of December 31, 2016 would be approximately $79 million. 
 
 December 31, 2016 

 Debt, including current portion 

 Fair 

 ($s in thousands) 

 2017 

 2018 

 2019 

 2020 

 2021 

 Thereafter 

 Sub-total 

 Other (a) 

 Other (b) 

 Total 

 Value 

 Fixed Rate 

 $ 
 
 255,843 

 $ 
 
 237,113 

 $ 
 
 391,032 

 $ 
 
 1,977 

 $ 
 
 5,850 

 $ 
 
 983,958 

 $ 
 
 1,875,773 

 $ 
 
 (4,430 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (9,045 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 1,862,298 

 $ 
 
 1,830,777 

 Average Interest Rate 

 2.89 
 
 % 
 
 6.70 
 
 % 
 
 3.56 
 
 % 
 
 4.05 
 
 % 
 
 4.38 
 
 % 
 
 3.83 
 
 % 

 4.00 
 
 % 

 Variable Rate 

 $ 
 
 388,576 
 
 (c) 
 
 $ 
 
 51,027 

 $ 
 
 41,679 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 481,282 

 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 (3,571 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 477,711 

 $ 
 
 477,711 

 (a) Adjustment for unamortized debt discount/premium, net, as of December 31, 2016. 
 (b) Adjustment for unamortized deferred financings costs, net, as of December 31, 2016. 
 (c) Includes $286 million of outstanding borrowings under the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility which, in January 2017, was amended and restated and matures in January 2021. 
 
 While the Company has not experienced any significant credit losses, in the event of a significant rising interest rate environment and/or economic downturn, defaults could increase and result in losses to the Company which could adversely affect its operating results and liquidity. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and the Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, together with the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company, as set forth in the index in Item 15: Exhibits and Financial Statements, are filed under this Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The General Partner&#146;s management, with the participation of the General Partner&#146;s chief executive officer, president and chief operating officer and chief financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the General Partner&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the General Partner&#146;s chief executive officer, president and chief operating officer and chief financial officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the General Partner&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by the General Partner in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the General Partner&#146;s chief executive officer, president and chief operating officer and chief financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the General Partner&#146;s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The General Partner&#146;s management, with the participation of the General Partner&#146;s chief executive 
 
 65 

 Table of Contents 
 
 officer, president and chief operating officer and chief financial officer, has established and maintained policies and procedures designed to maintain the adequacy of the General Partner&#146;s internal control over financial reporting, and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 (1) Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the General Partner; 
 
 (2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the General Partner are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the General Partner; and 
 
 (3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the General Partner&#146;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 The General Partner&#146;s management has evaluated the effectiveness of the General Partner&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 based on the criteria established in a report entitled Internal Control&#151;Integrated Framework , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013. Based on our assessment and those criteria, the General Partner&#146;s management has concluded that the General Partner&#146;s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2016. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 The effectiveness of the General Partner&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 
 Changes In Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There have not been any changes in the General Partner&#146;s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth fiscal quarter to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the General Partner&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The General Partner&#146;s management, with the participation of the General Partner&#146;s chief executive officer, president and chief operating officer and chief financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the General Partner&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the General Partner&#146;s chief executive officer, president and chief operating officer and chief financial officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Operating Partnership&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by the Operating Partnership in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the General Partner&#146;s chief executive officer, president and chief operating officer and chief financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the General Partner&#146;s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The General Partner&#146;s management, with the participation of the General Partner&#146;s chief executive officer, president and chief operating officer and chief financial officer, has established and maintained policies and procedures designed to maintain the adequacy of the Operating Partnership&#146;s internal control over financial reporting, and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 (1) Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Operating Partnership; 
 
 (2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Operating Partnership are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the General Partner; and 
 
 66 

 Table of Contents 
 
 (3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Operating Partnership&#146;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 The General Partner&#146;s management has evaluated the effectiveness of the General Partner&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 based on the criteria established in a report entitled Internal Control&#151;Integrated Framework , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013. Based on our assessment and those criteria, the General Partner&#146;s management has concluded that the Operating Partnership&#146;s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2016. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 The effectiveness of the Operating Partnership&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 
 Changes In Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There have not been any changes in the Operating Partnership&#146;s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth fiscal quarter to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Operating Partnership&#146;s internal control over financial reporting 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 On February 27, 2017, the Company, Roseland Residential Trust (&#147;RRT&#148;), the Company&#146;s wholly-owned subsidiary through which the Company conducts its multi-family residential real estate operations, Roseland Residential, L.P. (&#147;RRLP&#148;), the operating partnership through which RRT conducts all of its operations, and certain other affiliates of the Company entered into a preferred equity investment agreement (the &#147;Investment Agreement&#148;) with affiliates of Rockpoint Group, L.L.C. and certain of its affiliates (collectively, &#147;Rockpoint&#148;). The Investment Agreement provides for multiple equity investments by Rockpoint in RRLP from time to time for up to an aggregate of $300 million of preferred units of limited partnership interests of RRLP (the &#147;Preferred Units&#148;). The initial closing under the Investment Agreement is expected to occur by mid-March 2017 for $150 million of Preferred Units, inclusive of a $30 million deposit paid by Rockpoint to RRLP on signing the Investment Agreement. Additional closings of Preferred Units to be issued and sold to Rockpoint pursuant to the Investment Agreement may occur from time to time in increments of not less than $10 million per closing, with the balance of the full $300 million by March 1, 2019. 
 
 The Company shall have a participation right, where prior to March 1, 2022 and following either the full investment of $300 million by Rockpoint or in certain other limited circumstances, the Company may purchase up to $200 million of Preferred Units on substantially the same terms and conditions as the Preferred Units to be issued and sold to Rockpoint. 
 
 RRT serves as the General Partner of the operating partnership and will receive contributed equity value at closing of $1.230 billion. 
 
 Under the terms of the transaction, the cash flow from operations of RRLP will be distributable to Rockpoint and RRT as follows: 
 
 &#183; first, to provide a 6% annual return to Rockpoint (and to the Company upon acquisition of Preferred Units by the Company, as described above) on its invested capital (&#147;Preferred Base Return&#148;); 
 
 &#183; second, to provide a 6% annual return to RRT on the equity value of the properties contributed by it to the partnership (&#147;RRT Base Return&#148;) (with Rockpoint entitled to an additional amount equal to 5% of the amount distributable to RRT); and 
 
 &#183; third, pro rata between Rockpoint (and the Company upon acquisition of Preferred Units) and RRT based on total respective invested capital and contributed equity value (approximately 17% to Rockpoint and 83% to RRT upon full investment of Rockpoint&#146;s $300 million commitment and the Company&#146;s $200 million participation right). 
 
 RRLP&#146;s cash flow from capital events will generally be distributable to Rockpoint and RRT as follows: 
 
 &#183; first, to Rockpoint (and the Company upon acquisition of Preferred Units) to the extent there is any unpaid, accrued Preferred Base Return; 
 
 &#183; second, as a return of capital to Rockpoint (and the Company upon acquisition of Preferred Units); 
 
 &#183; third, to RRT to the extent there is any unpaid, accrued RRT Base Return (with Rockpoint entitled to an additional amount equal to 5% of the amounts distributable to RRT); 
 
 &#183; fourth, as a return of capital to RRT based on the equity value of the properties contributed by it to the partnership (with Rockpoint entitled to an additional amount equal to 5% of the amounts distributable to RRT); 
 
 &#183; fifth, pro rata between Rockpoint (and the Company upon acquisition of Preferred Units) and RRT based on total respective invested capital and contributed equity value (approximately 17% to Rockpoint and 83% to RRT upon full investment of Rockpoint&#146;s $300 million commitment and the Company&#146;s $200 million participation right) until Rockpoint has achieved an 11% internal rate of return; and 
 
 &#183; sixth, to Rockpoint (and to the Company upon acquisition of Preferred Units) based on 50% of its pro rata share described in &#147;fifth&#148; above and the balance to RRT (approximately 9% to Rockpoint and 91% to RRT (upon full investment of Rockpoint&#146;s $300 million commitment and the Company&#146;s $200 million participation right). 
 
 67 

 Table of Contents 
 
 In general, RRLP may not sell its properties in a taxable transaction, although it may engage in tax-deferred like-kind exchanges of properties or it may proceed in another manner designed to avoid the recognition of gains for tax purposes. 
 
 Except in the case of a sale of RRLP or an initial public offering or spin-off of RRT (&#147;Liquidity Events&#148;), Rockpoint&#146;s interest in the Preferred Units may not be redeemed or repurchased by RRT for a period of approximately five years from the initial closing under the Investment Agreement (&#147;Lockout Period&#148;). If there is a Liquidity Event during the Lockout Period, RRT may acquire Rockpoint&#146;s Preferred Units for a purchase price generally equal to the greater of (i) the fair market value of such Preferred Units as determined by the process set forth below; or (ii) an amount that provides Rockpoint with 1.5 times Rockpoint&#146;s return of capital taking into account prior distributions to Rockpoint (an &#147;Early Repurchase&#148;). Beginning on March 1, 2022, either RRT or Rockpoint may cause an acquisition (a &#147;Put/Call Event&#148;) of all, but not less than all, of Rockpoint&#146;s interest in the Preferred Units at the fair market value per unit based on a net asset value (&#147;NAV&#148;) of RRLP to be determined by a third party valuation to be completed within ninety (90) calendar days of March 1, 2022 and every year thereafter and generally based on the capital event waterfall described above. Any acquisition of Rockpoint&#146;s interest in the Preferred Units pursuant to a Put/Call Event is generally required to be structured as a purchase of the common equity in the applicable Rockpoint entities that hold direct or indirect interests in the Preferred Units. Subject to certain exceptions, Rockpoint also shall have a right of first offer and a participation right with respect to other common equity interests of RRLP or any subsidiary of RRLP that may be offered for sale by RRLP or its subsidiaries from time to time. On a Put/Call Event, other than the sale of RRLP, Rockpoint may elect to convert all, but not less than all, of its investment to common equity in RRLP. 
 
 The foregoing and following terms and conditions of the investment will be implemented by the parties pursuant to an amended and restated partnership agreement of RRLP (the &#147;Partnership Agreement&#148;) and shareholders agreement of RRT (the &#147;Shareholders Agreement&#148;) to be entered into at the initial closing of the Preferred Units to be issued and sold to Rockpoint. Pursuant to the Partnership Agreement and Shareholders Agreement, and concurrent with the issuance and sale of the Preferred Units to be issued and sold at the initial closing, RRT has agreed to increase the size of its board of trustees from five to six persons, with five trustees being designated by the Company and one trustee being designated by Rockpoint. 
 
 In addition, RRT and RRLP shall be required to obtain Rockpoint&#146;s consent with respect to: 
 
 &#183; Debt financings in excess of a 65% loan-to-value ratio; 
 
 &#183; Corporate level financings that are pari-passu or senior to the Preferred Units; 
 
 &#183; New investment opportunities to the extent the opportunity requires an equity capitalization in excess of 10% of RRLP&#146;s NAV; 
 
 &#183; New investment opportunities located in a Metropolitan Statistical Area where RRLP owns no property as of the previous quarter; 
 
 &#183; Declaration of bankruptcy of RRT; 
 
 &#183; Transactions between RRT and the Company, subject to certain limited exceptions; 
 
 &#183; Any equity granted or equity incentive plan adopted by RRLP or any of its subsidiaries; and 
 
 &#183; Certain matters relating to the Credit Enhancement Note (as defined below) between the Operating Partnership and RRLP (other than ordinary course borrowings or repayments thereunder). 
 
 The Partnership Agreement will provide that any of the following will constitute an event of default (each, an &#147;Event of Default&#148;) with respect to the Preferred Securities: (i) failure by RRLP to pay Rockpoint any financial obligations due to it, subject to certain cure rights, (ii) any of the General Partner, Operating Partnership, RRT or RRLP, or their respective affiliates that are party to the Investment Agreement, failing to perform or observe any material covenant or agreement contained in any of the transaction documents and such failure continues for 20 business days after notice, or (iii) the violation of certain tax related covenants. If an Event of Default occurs, (i) at any time and is continuing, subject to a cure period, Rockpoint&#146;s preferred return in respect of operating cash flows shall increase from six percent (6%) to eighteen percent (18%) per annum; and (ii) during the Lockout Period, if it remains uncured for 120 days after notice, Rockpoint may cause an Early Repurchase of Rockpoint&#146;s interest in the Preferred Units by RRT. In addition, if any nonpayment of a financial obligation remains unpaid for 120 days following notice from Rockpoint, and remains uncured following the 10 th anniversary of the effective date of the Partnership Agreement, Rockpoint shall have the right to designate a majority of the members of the board of trustees of RRT, which is the General Partner of RRLP. 
 
 68 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Also on the initial closing date, the Operating Partnership and RRLP will execute a Discretionary Demand Promissory Note (the &#147;Credit Enhancement Note&#148;), whereby the Operating Partnership may provide periodic cash advances to RRLP. The Credit Enhancement Note provides for an interest rate equal to the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate plus fifty (50) basis points above the applicable interest rate under the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. The maximum aggregate principal amount of advances at any one time outstanding under the Note will be limited to $25,000,000. 
 
 RRT and RRLP also will enter into a registration rights agreement (the &#147;Registration Rights Agreement&#148;) with Rockpoint pursuant to which RRT and RRLP have agreed to register the Preferred Units or securities issuable in exchange of Preferred Units under certain circumstances in the future, in the event RRT or RRLP becomes a publicly traded company. 
 
 The Operating Partnership and RRLP also will enter into a Shared Services Agreement (the &#147;Shared Services Agreement&#148;), which will provide for the performance of back office, administrative and other operational services by the Operating Partnership for the benefit of RRLP. The Shared Services Agreement will provide for a fixed fee of $1,000,000/year to be paid by RRLP to the Operating Partnership, with a three percent (3%) increase year to year. 
 
 In connection with the transaction, the Company will also enter into a Recourse Agreement (the &#147;Recourse Agreement&#148;) with Rockpoint. The Recourse Agreement will provide that, in the event of distributions or transfers by RRLP of cash flow or property in breach of the Partnership Agreement, or failure to make required distributions or payments (including complying with any put by Rockpoint) in each case, which remain uncured, the Company will have direct liability for losses of Rockpoint resulting therefrom. 
 
 Rockpoint will indemnify the Company (or its affiliates) pursuant to an indemnity agreement (the &#147;Indemnity Agreement&#148;) for liability (pursuant to the provisions of said agreement) resulting from the likely requirement for RRLP to acquire the equity interest of the entities holding Rockpoint&#146;s interest in RRLP upon any Rockpoint exit, including for losses relating to certain REIT matters. 
 
 The information relating to Rockpoint&#146;s investment in RRLP is being disclosed under this Item 9B of Form 10-K in lieu of Items 1.01 and 9.01 of Form 8-K. A copy of the Investment Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.125 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Forms of the Partnership Agreement, Shareholders Agreement, Credit Enhancement Note, Shared Services Agreement, Recourse Agreement, and Registration Rights Agreement are included as exhibits to the Investment Agreement and the Indemnity Agreement is included as an exhibit to the Partnership Agreement, and each of these other agreements are separately filed as Exhibits 10.126 through 10.132 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 On February 28, 2017 (the &#147;Closing Date&#148;), the Operating Partnership authorized the issuance of 9,213 shares of a new class of 3.5% Series A-1 Preferred Limited Partnership Units of the Operating Partnership (the &#147;Series A-1 Units&#148;). 9,122 Series A-1 Units were issued on the Closing Date and up to an additional 91 Series A-1 Units may be issued pursuant to post-closing adjustments. The Series A-1 Units were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, to a sophisticated real estate investor who was a partner in a joint venture with the Operating Partnership that owns Monaco Towers in Jersey City, New Jersey that includes 523 apartment homes in two fifty-story towers with 558 parking spaces and 12,300 square feet of ground floor retail space. The Series A-1 Units were issued as consideration for the investor&#146;s 
 
 69 

 Table of Contents 
 
 approximate 6.1 percent interest in the joint venture. Concurrent with the issuance of the Series A-1 Units, the Operating Partnership entered into an agreement to purchase from other partners in the same joint venture their approximate 87.3 percent interest for approximately $140 million in cash and $165 million in assumed debt in transactions expected to close in the second quarter of 2017. The results of these transactions will increase the Company&#146;s interests in the joint venture from 6.6 percent to 100 percent. 
 
 Each Series A-1 Unit has a stated value of $1,000 (the &#147;Stated Value&#148;), pays dividends quarterly at an annual rate equal to the greater of (x) 3.5 percent, or (y) the then-effective annual dividend yield on the General Partner&#146;s common stock, and is convertible into 27.936 common units of limited partnership interests of the Operating Partnership (&#147;Common Units&#148;) beginning generally five years from the date of issuance, or an aggregate of up to 257,375 Common Units. The conversion rate for the Series A-1 Units was based on a value of $35.795625 per Common Unit, which was 125 percent of the five day trading average of the General Partner&#146;s common stock ending three days before the Closing Date. The Series A-1 Units have a liquidation and dividend preference senior to the Common Units and include customary anti-dilution protections for stock splits and similar events. The Series A-1 Units are redeemable for cash at their Stated Value beginning five years from the date of issuance at the option of the holder. The Series A-1 Units are pari passu with the 42,800 3.5% Series A Preferred Units of Limited Partnership Units of the Operating Partnership issued on February 3, 2017. 
 
 A copy of the Certificate of Designation for the Series A-1 Units dated February 28, 2017 is filed as Exhibit 3.13 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The issuance of the Series A-1 Units is being disclosed under this Item 9B of Form 10-K in lieu of Items 3.02 and 5.03 of Form 8-K. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required by Item 10 will be set forth in the General Partner&#146;s definitive proxy statement for its annual meeting of shareholders expected to be held on June 7, 2017, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by Item 11 will be set forth in the General Partner&#146;s definitive proxy statement for its annual meeting of shareholders expected to be held on June 7, 2017, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required by Item 12 will be set forth in the General Partner&#146;s definitive proxy statement for its annual meeting of shareholders expected to be held on June 7, 2017, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by Item 13 will be set forth in the General Partner&#146;s definitive proxy statement for its annual meeting of shareholders expected to be held on June 7, 2017, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by Item 14 will be set forth in the General Partner&#146;s definitive proxy statement for its annual meeting of shareholders expected to be held on June 7, 2017, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 70 

 Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

 (a) 1. 
 
 All Financial Statements 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (a) 2. 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

 (i) 
 
 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P.: 

 Schedule III &#151; Real Estate Investments and Accumulated Depreciation as of December 31, 2016 

 All other schedules are omitted because they are not required or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

 (a) 3. 
 
 Exhibits 

 The exhibits required by this item are set forth on the Exhibit Index attached hereto. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 Not Applicable 
 
 71 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation: 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing Item 15(a)(1) present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively, the &#147;Company&#148;) at December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2)(i) presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company&#146;s management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement schedule, and on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company&#146;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

 New York, New York 

 February 28, 2017 

 72 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Partners 
 of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P.: 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing Item 15(a)(1) present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the &#147;Company&#148;) at December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2)(i) presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company&#146;s management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement schedule, and on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company&#146;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

 New York, New York 

 February 28, 2017 

 73 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

 December 31, 

 2016 

 2015 

 ASSETS 

 Rental property 

 Land and leasehold interests 

 $ 
 
 661,335 

 $ 
 
 735,696 

 Buildings and improvements 

 3,758,210 

 3,648,238 

 Tenant improvements 

 364,092 

 408,617 

 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

 21,230 

 15,167 

 4,804,867 

 4,807,718 

 Less &#150; accumulated depreciation and amortization 

 (1,332,073 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,464,482 
 
 ) 

 3,472,794 

 3,343,236 

 Rental property held for sale, net 

 39,743 

 &#151; 

 Net investment in rental property 

 3,512,537 

 3,343,236 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 31,611 

 37,077 

 Investments in unconsolidated joint ventures 

 320,047 

 303,457 

 Unbilled rents receivable, net 

 101,052 

 120,246 

 Deferred charges, goodwill and other assets, net 

 267,950 

 203,850 

 Restricted cash 

 53,952 

 35,343 

 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $1,335 and $1,407 

 9,617 

 10,754 

 Total assets 

 $ 
 
 4,296,766 

 $ 
 
 4,053,963 

 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

 Senior unsecured notes, net 

 $ 
 
 817,355 

 $ 
 
 1,263,782 

 Unsecured revolving credit facility and term loans 

 634,069 

 155,000 

 Mortgages, loans payable and other obligations, net 

 888,585 

 726,611 

 Dividends and distributions payable 

 15,327 

 15,582 

 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

 159,874 

 135,057 

 Rents received in advance and security deposits 

 46,442 

 49,739 

 Accrued interest payable 

 8,427 

 24,484 

 Total liabilities 

 2,570,079 

 2,370,255 

 Commitments and contingencies 

 Equity: 

 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation stockholders&#146; equity: 

 Common stock, $0.01 par value, 190,000,000 shares authorized, 89,696,713 and 89,583,950 shares outstanding 

 897 

 896 

 Additional paid-in capital 

 2,576,473 

 2,570,392 

 Dividends in excess of net earnings 

 (1,052,184 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,115,612 
 
 ) 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

 1,985 

 &#151; 

 Total Mack-Cali Realty Corporation stockholders&#146; equity 

 1,527,171 

 1,455,676 

 Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries: 

 Operating Partnership 

 178,570 

 170,891 

 Consolidated joint ventures 

 20,946 

 57,141 

 Total noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 

 199,516 

 228,032 

 Total equity 

 1,726,687 

 1,683,708 

 Total liabilities and equity 

 $ 
 
 4,296,766 

 $ 
 
 4,053,963 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 74 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 REVENUES 

 Base rents 

 $ 
 
 506,877 

 $ 
 
 487,041 

 $ 
 
 516,727 

 Escalations and recoveries from tenants 

 60,505 

 62,481 

 78,554 

 Real estate services 

 26,589 

 29,620 

 28,638 

 Parking income 

 13,630 

 11,124 

 9,107 

 Other income 

 5,797 

 4,617 

 3,773 

 Total revenues 

 613,398 

 594,883 

 636,799 

 EXPENSES 

 Real estate taxes 

 87,379 

 82,688 

 90,750 

 Utilities 

 49,624 

 55,965 

 72,822 

 Operating services 

 103,954 

 107,951 

 112,621 

 Real estate services expenses 

 26,260 

 25,583 

 26,136 

 General and administrative 

 51,979 

 49,147 

 71,051 

 Acquisition-related costs 

 2,880 

 1,560 

 2,118 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 186,684 

 170,402 

 172,490 

 Impairments 

 &#151; 

 197,919 

 &#151; 

 Total expenses 

 508,760 

 691,215 

 547,988 

 Operating income (loss) 

 104,638 

 (96,332 
 
 ) 
 
 88,811 

 OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME 

 Interest expense 

 (94,889 
 
 ) 
 
 (103,051 
 
 ) 
 
 (112,878 
 
 ) 

 Interest and other investment income (loss) 

 1,614 

 794 

 3,615 

 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures 

 18,788 

 (3,172 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,423 
 
 ) 

 Gain on change of control of interests 

 15,347 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Realized gains (losses) and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net 

 109,666 

 53,261 

 54,848 

 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture 

 5,670 

 6,448 

 &#151; 

 Loss from extinguishment of debt, net 

 (30,540 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (582 
 
 ) 

 Total other income (expense) 

 25,656 

 (45,720 
 
 ) 
 
 (57,420 
 
 ) 

 Net income (loss) 

 130,294 

 (142,052 
 
 ) 
 
 31,391 

 Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 

 651 

 1,044 

 778 

 Noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership 

 (13,721 
 
 ) 
 
 15,256 

 (3,602 
 
 ) 

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

 $ 
 
 117,224 

 $ 
 
 (125,752 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 28,567 

 Basic earnings per common share: 

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

 $ 
 
 1.31 

 $ 
 
 (1.41 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.32 

 Diluted earnings per common share: 

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

 $ 
 
 1.30 

 $ 
 
 (1.41 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.32 

 Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

 89,746 

 89,291 

 88,727 

 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

 100,498 

 100,222 

 100,041 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 75 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 Net income (loss) 

 $ 
 
 130,294 

 $ 
 
 (142,052 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 31,391 

 Other comprehensive income (loss): 

 Net unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments for interest rate swaps 

 2,216 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Comprehensive income (loss) 

 $ 
 
 132,510 

 $ 
 
 (142,052 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 31,391 

 Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 

 651 

 1,044 

 778 

 Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership 

 (13,952 
 
 ) 
 
 15,256 

 (3,602 
 
 ) 

 Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common shareholders 

 $ 
 
 119,209 

 $ 
 
 (125,752 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 28,567 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 76 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (in thousands) 

 Accumulated 

 Additional 

 Dividends in 

 Other 

 Noncontrolling 

 Common Stock 

 Paid-In 

 Excess of 

 Comprehensive 

 Interests 

 Total 

 Shares 

 Par Value 

 Capital 

 Net Earnings 

 Income (Loss) 

 in Subsidiaries 

 Equity 

 Balance at January 1, 2014 

 88,248 

 $ 
 
 882 

 $ 
 
 2,539,326 

 $ 
 
 (897,849 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 276,096 

 $ 
 
 1,918,455 

 Net income (loss) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 28,567 

 2,824 

 31,391 

 Common stock dividends 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (67,011 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (67,011 
 
 ) 

 Common unit distributions 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (8,456 
 
 ) 
 
 (8,456 
 
 ) 

 Increase in noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 552 

 552 

 Redemption of common units for common stock 

 781 

 8 

 14,354 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (14,362 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Shares issued under Dividend 

 Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan 

 6 

 &#151; 

 118 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 118 

 Directors&#146; deferred compensation plan 

 &#151; 

 407 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 407 

 Stock compensation 

 42 

 1 

 6,554 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 6,555 

 Rebalancing of ownership percentage between parent and subsidiaries 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (576 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 576 

 &#151; 

 Balance at December 31, 2014 

 89,077 

 $ 
 
 891 

 $ 
 
 2,560,183 

 $ 
 
 (936,293 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 257,230 

 $ 
 
 1,882,011 

 Net income (loss) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (125,752 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (16,300 
 
 ) 
 
 (142,052 
 
 ) 

 Common stock dividends 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (53,567 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (53,567 
 
 ) 

 Common unit distributions 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (6,505 
 
 ) 
 
 (6,505 
 
 ) 

 Increase in noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 3,128 

 3,128 

 Redemption of common units for common stock 

 567 

 6 

 9,941 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (9,947 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Shares issued under Dividend 

 Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan 

 3 

 &#151; 

 60 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 60 

 Directors&#146; deferred compensation plan 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 397 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 397 

 Stock compensation 

 46 

 &#151; 

 2,277 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,277 

 Cancellation of restricted shares 

 (109 
 
 ) 
 
 (1 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,040 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (2,041 
 
 ) 

 Rebalancing of ownership percentage between parent and subsidiaries 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (426 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 426 

 &#151; 

 Balance at December 31, 2015 

 89,584 

 $ 
 
 896 

 $ 
 
 2,570,392 

 $ 
 
 (1,115,612 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 228,032 

 $ 
 
 1,683,708 

 Net income (loss) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 117,224 

 &#151; 

 13,070 

 130,294 

 Common stock dividends 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (53,796 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (53,796 
 
 ) 

 Common unit distributions 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (6,619 
 
 ) 
 
 (6,619 
 
 ) 

 Decrease in noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 414 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (35,544 
 
 ) 
 
 (35,130 
 
 ) 

 Redemption of common units for common stock 

 29 

 &#151; 

 474 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (474 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Shares issued under Dividend 

 Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan 

 3 

 &#151; 

 71 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 71 

 Directors&#146; deferred compensation plan 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 372 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 372 

 Stock compensation 

 85 

 1 

 3,465 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,180 

 5,646 

 Cancellation of restricted shares 

 (4 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (75 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (75 
 
 ) 

 Other comprehensive income 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,985 

 231 

 2,216 

 Rebalancing of ownership percentage between parent and subsidiaries 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,360 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (1,360 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Balance at December 31, 2016 

 89,697 

 $ 
 
 897 

 $ 
 
 2,576,473 

 $ 
 
 (1,052,184 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 1,985 

 $ 
 
 199,516 

 $ 
 
 1,726,687 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 77 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) 

 December 31, 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

 Net income (loss) 

 $ 
 
 130,294 

 $ 
 
 (142,052 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 31,391 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by 

 Operating activities: 

 Depreciation and amortization, including related intangible assets 

 186,549 

 172,108 

 173,848 

 Amortization of directors deferred compensation stock units 

 372 

 397 

 407 

 Amortization of stock compensation 

 5,646 

 2,219 

 11,097 

 Amortization of deferred financing costs 

 4,582 

 3,790 

 3,274 

 Write-off of unamortized discount on senior unsecured notes 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 12 

 Amortization of debt discount and mark-to-market 

 1,686 

 3,385 

 6,507 

 Equity in (earnings) loss of unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (18,788 
 
 ) 
 
 3,172 

 2,423 

 Distributions of cumulative earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 6,120 

 5,644 

 11,213 

 Gain on change of control of interests 

 (15,347 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Realized (gains) losses and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net 

 (109,666 
 
 ) 
 
 (53,261 
 
 ) 
 
 (54,848 
 
 ) 

 Gain on sale of investments in unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (5,670 
 
 ) 
 
 (6,448 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Gain from extinguishment of debt 

 (12,420 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Impairments 

 &#151; 

 197,919 

 &#151; 

 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

 Increase in unbilled rents receivable, net 

 (12,775 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,760 
 
 ) 
 
 (4,083 
 
 ) 

 Increase in deferred charges, goodwill and other assets 

 (33,878 
 
 ) 
 
 (22,854 
 
 ) 
 
 (34,402 
 
 ) 

 Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable, net 

 596 

 (2,178 
 
 ) 
 
 355 

 Increase (decrease) in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

 (14,535 
 
 ) 
 
 6,960 

 15,858 

 Decrease in rents received in advance and security deposits 

 (3,297 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,408 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,583 
 
 ) 

 (Decrease) increase in accrued interest payable 

 (9,362 
 
 ) 
 
 4,822 

 (2,216 
 
 ) 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 $ 
 
 100,107 

 $ 
 
 169,455 

 $ 
 
 159,253 

 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

 Rental property acquisitions and related intangibles 

 $ 
 
 (407,869 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (70,455 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (61,938 
 
 ) 

 Rental property additions and improvements 

 (121,582 
 
 ) 
 
 (94,073 
 
 ) 
 
 (91,813 
 
 ) 

 Development of rental property and other related costs 

 (206,955 
 
 ) 
 
 (81,073 
 
 ) 
 
 (25,140 
 
 ) 

 Proceeds from the sales of rental property 

 607,457 

 81,049 

 274,839 

 Proceeds from the sale of investments in unconsolidated joint ventures 

 6,420 

 6,448 

 &#151; 

 Investments in notes receivable 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (62,276 
 
 ) 

 Repayment of notes receivable 

 500 

 8,250 

 62,526 

 Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (35,930 
 
 ) 
 
 (78,027 
 
 ) 
 
 (67,325 
 
 ) 

 Distributions in excess of cumulative earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 22,231 

 6,445 

 35,901 

 Increase in restricted cash 

 (1,934 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,098 
 
 ) 
 
 (14,451 
 
 ) 

 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

 $ 
 
 (137,662 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (222,534 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 50,323 

 CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

 Borrowings from revolving credit facility 

 $ 
 
 1,165,000 

 $ 
 
 334,000 

 $ 
 
 277,328 

 Repayment of revolving credit facility 

 (1,034,000 
 
 ) 
 
 (179,000 
 
 ) 
 
 (277,328 
 
 ) 

 Repayment of senior unsecured notes 

 (448,339 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (350,000 
 
 ) 

 Borrowings from unsecured term loan 

 350,000 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Proceeds from mortgages and loans payable 

 455,190 

 10,752 

 130,135 

 Repayment of mortgages, loans payable and other obligations 

 (349,426 
 
 ) 
 
 (43,133 
 
 ) 
 
 (83,808 
 
 ) 

 Acquisition of noncontrolling interests 

 (37,946 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Payment of contingent consideration 

 &#151; 

 (1,167 
 
 ) 
 
 (5,228 
 
 ) 

 Payment of financing costs 

 (9,414 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,998 
 
 ) 
 
 (3,147 
 
 ) 

 Contributions from noncontrolling interests 

 1,065 

 2,140 

 145 

 Payment of dividends and distributions 

 (60,041 
 
 ) 
 
 (59,987 
 
 ) 
 
 (89,830 
 
 ) 

 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

 $ 
 
 32,089 

 $ 
 
 60,607 

 $ 
 
 (401,733 
 
 ) 

 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

 $ 
 
 (5,466 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 7,528 

 $ 
 
 (192,157 
 
 ) 

 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

 37,077 

 29,549 

 221,706 

 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

 $ 
 
 31,611 

 $ 
 
 37,077 

 $ 
 
 29,549 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 78 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except per unit amounts) 

 December 31, 

 2016 

 2015 

 ASSETS 

 Rental property 

 Land and leasehold interests 

 $ 
 
 661,335 

 $ 
 
 735,696 

 Buildings and improvements 

 3,758,210 

 3,648,238 

 Tenant improvements 

 364,092 

 408,617 

 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

 21,230 

 15,167 

 4,804,867 

 4,807,718 

 Less &#150; accumulated depreciation and amortization 

 (1,332,073 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,464,482 
 
 ) 

 3,472,794 

 3,343,236 

 Rental property held for sale, net 

 39,743 

 &#151; 

 Net investment in rental property 

 3,512,537 

 3,343,236 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 31,611 

 37,077 

 Investments in unconsolidated joint ventures 

 320,047 

 303,457 

 Unbilled rents receivable, net 

 101,052 

 120,246 

 Deferred charges, goodwill and other assets, net 

 267,950 

 203,850 

 Restricted cash 

 53,952 

 35,343 

 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $1,335 and $1,407 

 9,617 

 10,754 

 Total assets 

 $ 
 
 4,296,766 

 $ 
 
 4,053,963 

 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

 Senior unsecured notes, net 

 $ 
 
 817,355 

 $ 
 
 1,263,782 

 Unsecured revolving credit facility and term loans 

 634,069 

 155,000 

 Mortgages, loans payable and other obligations, net 

 888,585 

 726,611 

 Distributions payable 

 15,327 

 15,582 

 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

 159,874 

 135,057 

 Rents received in advance and security deposits 

 46,442 

 49,739 

 Accrued interest payable 

 8,427 

 24,484 

 Total liabilities 

 2,570,079 

 2,370,255 

 Commitments and contingencies 

 Partners&#146; Capital: 

 General Partner, 89,696,713 and 89,583,950 common units outstanding 

 1,467,569 

 1,399,419 

 Limited partners, 10,488,105 and 10,516,844 common units outstanding 

 236,187 

 227,148 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

 1,985 

 &#151; 

 Total Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. partners&#146; capital 

 1,705,741 

 1,626,567 

 Noncontrolling interests in consolidated joint ventures 

 20,946 

 57,141 

 Total equity 

 1,726,687 

 1,683,708 

 Total liabilities and equity 

 $ 
 
 4,296,766 

 $ 
 
 4,053,963 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 79 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per unit amounts) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 REVENUES 

 Base rents 

 $ 
 
 506,877 

 $ 
 
 487,041 

 $ 
 
 516,727 

 Escalations and recoveries from tenants 

 60,505 

 62,481 

 78,554 

 Real estate services 

 26,589 

 29,620 

 28,638 

 Parking income 

 13,630 

 11,124 

 9,107 

 Other income 

 5,797 

 4,617 

 3,773 

 Total revenues 

 613,398 

 594,883 

 636,799 

 EXPENSES 

 Real estate taxes 

 87,379 

 82,688 

 90,750 

 Utilities 

 49,624 

 55,965 

 72,822 

 Operating services 

 103,954 

 107,951 

 112,621 

 Real estate services expenses 

 26,260 

 25,583 

 26,136 

 General and administrative 

 51,979 

 49,147 

 71,051 

 Acquisition-related costs 

 2,880 

 1,560 

 2,118 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 186,684 

 170,402 

 172,490 

 Impairments 

 &#151; 

 197,919 

 &#151; 

 Total expenses 

 508,760 

 691,215 

 547,988 

 Operating income (loss) 

 104,638 

 (96,332 
 
 ) 
 
 88,811 

 OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME 

 Interest expense 

 (94,889 
 
 ) 
 
 (103,051 
 
 ) 
 
 (112,878 
 
 ) 

 Interest and other investment income (loss) 

 1,614 

 794 

 3,615 

 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures 

 18,788 

 (3,172 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,423 
 
 ) 

 Gain on change of control of interests 

 15,347 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Realized gains (losses) and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net 

 109,666 

 53,261 

 54,848 

 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture 

 5,670 

 6,448 

 &#151; 

 Loss from extinguishment of debt, net 

 (30,540 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (582 
 
 ) 

 Total other income (expense) 

 25,656 

 (45,720 
 
 ) 
 
 (57,420 
 
 ) 

 Net income (loss) 

 130,294 

 (142,052 
 
 ) 
 
 31,391 

 Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 

 651 

 1,044 

 778 

 Net income (loss) available to common unitholders 

 $ 
 
 130,945 

 $ 
 
 (141,008 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 32,169 

 Basic earnings per common unit: 

 Net income (loss) available to common unitholders 

 $ 
 
 1.31 

 $ 
 
 (1.41 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.32 

 Diluted earnings per common unit: 

 Net income (loss) available to common unitholders 

 $ 
 
 1.30 

 $ 
 
 (1.41 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.32 

 Basic weighted average units outstanding 

 100,245 

 100,222 

 99,999 

 Diluted weighted average units outstanding 

 100,498 

 100,222 

 100,041 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 80 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 Net income (loss) 

 $ 
 
 130,294 

 $ 
 
 (142,052 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 31,391 

 Other comprehensive income (loss): 

 Net unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments for interest rate swaps 

 2,216 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Comprehensive income (loss) 

 $ 
 
 132,510 

 $ 
 
 (142,052 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 31,391 

 Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 

 651 

 1,044 

 778 

 Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common unitholders 

 $ 
 
 133,161 

 $ 
 
 (141,008 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 32,169 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 81 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (in thousands) 

 Accumulated 

 Noncontrolling 

 General Partner 

 Limited Partner 

 Other 

 Interest 

 General Partner 

 Limited Partner 

 Common 

 Common 

 Comprehensive 

 in Consolidated 

 Common Units 

 Common Units 

 Unitholders 

 Unitholders 

 Income (Loss) 

 Joint Ventures 

 Total Equity 

 Balance at January 1, 2014 

 88,248 

 11,865 

 $ 
 
 1,585,100 

 $ 
 
 278,072 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 55,283 

 $ 
 
 1,918,455 

 Net income (loss) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 28,567 

 3,602 

 &#151; 

 (778 
 
 ) 
 
 31,391 

 Distributions 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (67,011 
 
 ) 
 
 (8,456 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (75,467 
 
 ) 

 Increase in noncontrolling interest 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 552 

 552 

 Redemption of limited partner common units for shares of general partner common units 

 781 

 (781 
 
 ) 
 
 14,362 

 (14,362 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Shares issued under Dividend 

 Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan 

 6 

 &#151; 

 118 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 118 

 Directors&#146; deferred compensation plan 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 407 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 407 

 Stock compensation 

 42 

 &#151; 

 6,555 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 6,555 

 Balance at December 31, 2014 

 89,077 

 11,084 

 $ 
 
 1,568,098 

 $ 
 
 258,856 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 55,057 

 $ 
 
 1,882,011 

 Net income (loss) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (125,752 
 
 ) 
 
 (15,256 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (1,044 
 
 ) 
 
 (142,052 
 
 ) 

 Distributions 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (53,567 
 
 ) 
 
 (6,505 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (60,072 
 
 ) 

 Increase in noncontrolling interest 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 3,128 

 3,128 

 Redemption of limited partner common units for shares of general partner common units 

 567 

 (567 
 
 ) 
 
 9,947 

 (9,947 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Shares issued under Dividend 

 Reinvestment and Stock 

 Purchase Plan 

 3 

 &#151; 

 60 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 60 

 Directors&#146; deferred compensation plan 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 397 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 397 

 Stock compensation 

 46 

 &#151; 

 2,277 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,277 

 Cancellation of restricted shares 

 (109 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (2,041 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (2,041 
 
 ) 

 Balance at December 31, 2015 

 89,584 

 10,517 

 $ 
 
 1,399,419 

 $ 
 
 227,148 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 57,141 

 1,683,708 

 Net income (loss) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 117,224 

 13,721 

 &#151; 

 (651 
 
 ) 
 
 130,294 

 Distributions 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (53,796 
 
 ) 
 
 (6,619 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (60,415 
 
 ) 

 Decrease in noncontrolling interest 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 414 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (35,544 
 
 ) 
 
 (35,130 
 
 ) 

 Redemption of limited partner common units for shares of general partner common units 

 29 

 (29 
 
 ) 
 
 474 

 (474 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Shares issued under Dividend 

 Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan 

 3 

 &#151; 

 71 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 71 

 Directors&#146; deferred compensation plan 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 372 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 372 

 Other comprehensive income 

 231 

 1,985 

 &#151; 

 2,216 

 Stock compensation 

 85 

 &#151; 

 3,466 

 2,180 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 5,646 

 Cancellation of restricted shares 

 (4 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (75 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (75 
 
 ) 

 Balance at December 31, 2016 

 89,697 

 10,488 

 $ 
 
 1,467,569 

 $ 
 
 236,187 

 $ 
 
 1,985 

 $ 
 
 20,946 

 1,726,687 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 82 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) 

 December 31, 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

 Net income (loss) 

 $ 
 
 130,294 

 $ 
 
 (142,052 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 31,391 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by Operating activities: 

 Depreciation and amortization, including related intangible assets 

 186,549 

 172,108 

 173,848 

 Amortization of directors deferred compensation stock units 

 372 

 397 

 407 

 Amortization of stock compensation 

 5,646 

 2,219 

 11,097 

 Amortization of deferred financing costs 

 4,582 

 3,790 

 3,274 

 Write-off of unamortized discount on senior unsecured notes 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 12 

 Amortization of debt discount and mark-to-market 

 1,686 

 3,385 

 6,507 

 Equity in (earnings) loss of unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (18,788 
 
 ) 
 
 3,172 

 2,423 

 Distributions of cumulative earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 6,120 

 5,644 

 11,213 

 Gain on change of control of interests 

 (15,347 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Realized (gains) losses and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net 

 (109,666 
 
 ) 
 
 (53,261 
 
 ) 
 
 (54,848 
 
 ) 

 Gain on sale of investments in unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (5,670 
 
 ) 
 
 (6,448 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Gain from extinguishment of debt 

 (12,420 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Impairments 

 &#151; 

 197,919 

 &#151; 

 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

 Increase in unbilled rents receivable, net 

 (12,775 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,760 
 
 ) 
 
 (4,083 
 
 ) 

 Increase in deferred charges, goodwill and other assets 

 (33,878 
 
 ) 
 
 (22,854 
 
 ) 
 
 (34,402 
 
 ) 

 Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable, net 

 596 

 (2,178 
 
 ) 
 
 355 

 Increase (decrease) in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

 (14,535 
 
 ) 
 
 6,960 

 15,858 

 Decrease in rents received in advance and security deposits 

 (3,297 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,408 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,583 
 
 ) 

 (Decrease) increase in accrued interest payable 

 (9,362 
 
 ) 
 
 4,822 

 (2,216 
 
 ) 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 $ 
 
 100,107 

 $ 
 
 169,455 

 $ 
 
 159,253 

 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

 Rental property acquisitions and related intangibles 

 $ 
 
 (407,869 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (70,455 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (61,938 
 
 ) 

 Rental property additions and improvements 

 (121,582 
 
 ) 
 
 (94,073 
 
 ) 
 
 (91,813 
 
 ) 

 Development of rental property and other related costs 

 (206,955 
 
 ) 
 
 (81,073 
 
 ) 
 
 (25,140 
 
 ) 

 Proceeds from the sales of rental property 

 607,457 

 81,049 

 274,839 

 Proceeds from the sale of investments in unconsolidated joint ventures 

 6,420 

 6,448 

 &#151; 

 Investments in notes receivable 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (62,276 
 
 ) 

 Repayment of notes receivable 

 500 

 8,250 

 62,526 

 Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (35,930 
 
 ) 
 
 (78,027 
 
 ) 
 
 (67,325 
 
 ) 

 Distributions in excess of cumulative earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 22,231 

 6,445 

 35,901 

 Increase in restricted cash 

 (1,934 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,098 
 
 ) 
 
 (14,451 
 
 ) 

 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

 $ 
 
 (137,662 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (222,534 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 50,323 

 CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

 Borrowings from revolving credit facility 

 $ 
 
 1,165,000 

 $ 
 
 334,000 

 $ 
 
 277,328 

 Repayment of revolving credit facility 

 (1,034,000 
 
 ) 
 
 (179,000 
 
 ) 
 
 (277,328 
 
 ) 

 Repayment of senior unsecured notes 

 (448,339 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (350,000 
 
 ) 

 Borrowings from unsecured term loan 

 350,000 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Proceeds from mortgages and loans payable 

 455,190 

 10,752 

 130,135 

 Repayment of mortgages, loans payable and other obligations 

 (349,426 
 
 ) 
 
 (43,133 
 
 ) 
 
 (83,808 
 
 ) 

 Acquisition of noncontrolling interests 

 (37,946 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Payment of contingent consideration 

 &#151; 

 (1,167 
 
 ) 
 
 (5,228 
 
 ) 

 Payment of financing costs 

 (9,414 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,998 
 
 ) 
 
 (3,147 
 
 ) 

 Contributions from noncontrolling interests 

 1,065 

 2,140 

 145 

 Payment of distributions 

 (60,041 
 
 ) 
 
 (59,987 
 
 ) 
 
 (89,830 
 
 ) 

 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

 $ 
 
 32,089 

 $ 
 
 60,607 

 $ 
 
 (401,733 
 
 ) 

 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

 $ 
 
 (5,466 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 7,528 

 $ 
 
 (192,157 
 
 ) 

 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

 37,077 

 29,549 

 221,706 

 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

 $ 
 
 31,611 

 $ 
 
 37,077 

 $ 
 
 29,549 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 83 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY CORPORATION, MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (square footage and apartment unit counts unaudited) 
 
 1. ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 
 ORGANIZATION 
 
 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation, a Maryland corporation, together with its subsidiaries (collectively, the &#147;General Partner&#148;), is a fully-integrated, self-administered, self-managed real estate investment trust (&#147;REIT&#148;) The General Partner controls Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, together with its subsidiaries (collectively, the &#147;Operating Partnership&#148;), as its sole general partner and owned an 89.5 percent common unit interest in the Operating Partnership as of both December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The General Partner&#146;s business is the ownership of interests in and operation of the Operating Partnership and all of the General Partner&#146;s expenses are incurred for the benefit of the Operating Partnership. The General Partner is reimbursed by the Operating Partnership for all expenses it incurs relating to the ownership and operation of the Operating Partnership. 
 
 The Operating Partnership conducts the business of providing leasing, management, acquisition, development, and tenant-related services for its General Partner. The Operating Partnership, through its operating divisions and subsidiaries, including the Mack-Cali property-owning partnerships and limited liability companies, is the entity through which all of the General Partner&#146;s operations are conducted. Unless stated otherwise or the context requires, the &#147;Company&#148; refers to the General Partner and its subsidiaries, including the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Company owned or had interests in 248 properties, consisting of 119 office and 110 flex properties, totaling approximately 26.6 million square feet, leased to approximately 1,600 commercial tenants, and 19 multi-family rental properties containing 5,614 residential units, plus developable land (collectively, the &#147;Properties&#148;). The Properties are comprised of 119 office buildings totaling approximately 21.3 million square feet (which include 36 buildings aggregating approximately 5.6 million square feet owned by unconsolidated joint ventures in which the Company has investment interests), 94 office/flex buildings totaling approximately 4.8 million square feet, six industrial/warehouse buildings totaling approximately 387,400 square feet, 19 multi-family properties totaling 5,614 apartments (which include 10 properties aggregating 3,587 apartments owned by unconsolidated joint ventures in which the Company has investment interests), six parking/retail properties totaling approximately 137,100 square feet (which include two buildings aggregating 81,700 square feet owned by unconsolidated joint ventures in which the Company has investment interests), one hotel (which is owned by an unconsolidated joint venture in which the Company has an investment interest) and three parcels of land leased to others. The Properties are located in six states, primarily in the Northeast, plus the District of Columbia. 
 
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include all accounts of the Company, its majority-owned and/or controlled subsidiaries, which consist principally of the Operating Partnership and variable interest entities for which the Company has determined itself to be the primary beneficiary, if any. See Note 2: Significant Accounting Policies &#151; Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures, for the Company&#146;s treatment of unconsolidated joint venture interests. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 
 
 Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 810, Consolidation, provides guidance on the identification of entities for which control is achieved through means other than voting rights (&#147;variable interest entities&#148; or &#147;VIEs&#148;) and the determination of which business enterprise, if any, should consolidate the VIEs. Generally, the consideration of whether an entity is a VIE applies when either: (1) the equity investors (if any) lack (i) the ability to make decisions about the entity&#146;s activities through voting or similar rights, (ii) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity, or (iii) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity; (2) the equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance that entity&#146;s activities without additional subordinated financial support; or (3) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportionate to their economic interests and substantially all of the activities of the entity involve or are conducted on behalf of an investor with a disproportionately small voting interest. The Company consolidates VIEs in which it is considered to be the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary is defined by the entity having both of the following characteristics: (1) the power to direct the activities that, when taken together, most significantly impact the variable interest entity&#146;s performance: and (2) the obligation to absorb losses and right to receive the returns from the VIE that would be significant to the VIE. 
 
 On January 1, 2016, the Company adopted accounting guidance under ASC 810, Consolidation, modifying the analysis it must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. The guidance does not amend the existing disclosure requirements for variable interest entities or voting interest model entities. The guidance, however, modified the requirements to qualify under the voting interest model. Under the revised guidance, the Operating Partnership will be a variable interest entity of the parent company, Mack-Cali Realty Corporation. As the Operating Partnership is already consolidated in the 
 
 84 

 Table of Contents 
 
 balance sheets of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation, the identification of this entity as a variable interest entity has no impact on the consolidated financial statements of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation. There were no other legal entities qualifying under the scope of the revised guidance that were consolidated as a result of the adoption. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company&#146;s investments in consolidated real estate joint ventures, which are variable interest entities in which the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary have total real estate assets of $201.9 million and $273.4 million, respectively, mortgages of $78.4 million and $89.5 million, respectively, and other liabilities of $19.2 million and $17.5 million, respectively. 
 
 The financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates and assumptions are based on management&#146;s historical experience that are believed to be reasonable at the time. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, the determination of estimates requires the exercise of judgment. 
 
 Actual results could differ from those estimates. Certain reclassifications have been made to prior period amounts in order to conform with current period presentations, including a change in the classification of &#147;acquisition of noncontrolling interests&#148; to Financing Activities in the accompanying consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2016 from its classification as Investing Activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows in the Company&#146;s quarterly filings on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 
 
 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 Rental Property 

 Rental properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Costs directly related to the acquisition, development and construction of rental properties are capitalized. Acquisition&#151;related costs are expensed as incurred. Capitalized development and construction costs include pre-construction costs essential to the development of the property, development and construction costs, interest, property taxes, insurance, salaries and other project costs incurred during the period of development. Capitalized development and construction salaries and related costs approximated $2.6 million, $4.2 million and $3.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Included in total rental property (primarily in buildings and improvements) is construction, tenant improvement and development in-progress of $361.1 million and $88.7 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; major replacements and betterments, which improve or extend the life of the asset, are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Fully-depreciated assets are removed from the accounts. 

 The Company considers a construction project as substantially completed and held available for occupancy upon the substantial completion of tenant improvements, but no later than one year from cessation of major construction activity (as distinguished from activities such as routine maintenance and cleanup). If portions of a rental project are substantially completed and occupied by tenants, or held available for occupancy, and other portions have not yet reached that stage, the substantially completed portions are accounted for as a separate project. The Company allocates costs incurred between the portions under construction and the portions substantially completed and held available for occupancy, primarily based on a percentage of the relative square footage of each portion, and capitalizes only those costs associated with the portion under construction. 

 Properties are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The estimated useful lives are as follows: 

 Leasehold interests 
 
 Remaining lease term 

 Buildings and improvements 
 
 5 to 40 years 

 Tenant improvements 
 
 The shorter of the term of the related lease or useful life 

 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 
 
 5 to 10 years 
 
 85 

 Table of Contents 

 Upon acquisition of rental property, the Company estimates the fair value of acquired tangible assets, consisting of land, building and improvements, and identified intangible assets and liabilities assumed, generally consisting of the fair value of (i) above and below market leases, (ii) in-place leases and (iii) tenant relationships. The Company allocates the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values. The Company records goodwill or a gain on bargain purchase (if any) if the net assets acquired/liabilities assumed differ from the purchase consideration of a transaction. In estimating the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired, the Company considers information obtained about each property as a result of its due diligence and marketing and leasing activities, and utilizes various valuation methods, such as estimated cash flow projections utilizing appropriate discount and capitalization rates, estimates of replacement costs net of depreciation, and available market information. The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property considers the value of the property as if it were vacant. 

 Above-market and below-market lease values for acquired properties are initially recorded based on the present value (using a discount rate which reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) of the difference between (i) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to each in-place lease and (ii) management&#146;s estimate of fair market lease rates for each corresponding in-place lease, measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above-market leases and the remaining initial term plus the term of any below-market fixed rate renewal options for below-market leases. The capitalized above-market lease values are amortized as a reduction of base rental revenue over the remaining terms of the respective leases, and the capitalized below-market lease values are amortized as an increase to base rental revenue over the remaining initial terms plus the terms of any below-market fixed rate renewal options of the respective leases. 

 Other intangible assets acquired include amounts for in-place lease values and tenant relationship values, which are based on management&#146;s evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant&#146;s lease and the Company&#146;s overall relationship with the respective tenant. Factors to be considered by management in its analysis of in-place lease values include an estimate of carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods considering current market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases. In estimating carrying costs, management includes real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses and estimates of lost rentals at market rates during the expected lease-up periods, depending on local market conditions. In estimating costs to execute similar leases, management considers leasing commissions, legal and other related expenses. Characteristics considered by management in valuing tenant relationships include the nature and extent of the Company&#146;s existing business relationships with the tenant, growth prospects for developing new business with the tenant, the tenant&#146;s credit quality and expectations of lease renewals. The value of in-place leases are amortized to expense over the remaining initial terms of the respective leases. The value of tenant relationship intangibles are amortized to expense over the anticipated life of the relationships. 

 On a periodic basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators that the value of the Company&#146;s rental properties held for use may be impaired. In addition to identifying any specific circumstances which may affect a property or properties, management considers other criteria for determining which properties may require assessment for potential impairment. The criteria considered by management include reviewing low leased percentages, significant near-term lease expirations, current and historical operating and/or cash flow losses, near-term mortgage debt maturities and/or other factors, including those that might impact the Company&#146;s intent and ability to hold the property. A property&#146;s value is impaired only if management&#146;s estimate of the aggregate future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) to be generated by the property is less than the carrying value of the property. To the extent impairment has occurred, the loss shall be measured as the excess of the carrying value of the property over the fair value of the property. The Company&#146;s estimates of aggregate future cash flows expected to be generated by each property are based on a number of assumptions. These assumptions are generally based on management&#146;s experience in its local real estate markets and the effects of current market conditions. The assumptions are subject to economic and market uncertainties including, among others, demand for space, competition for tenants, changes in market rental rates, and costs to operate each property. As these factors are difficult to predict and are subject to future events that may alter management&#146;s assumptions, the future cash flows estimated by management in its impairment analyses may not be achieved, and actual losses or impairments may be realized in the future. See Note 3: Recent Transactions &#151; Impairments on Properties Held and Used. 
 
 86 

 Table of Contents 

 Rental Property Held for Sale 

 When assets are identified by management as held for sale, the Company discontinues depreciating the assets and estimates the sales price, net of selling costs, of such assets. The Company generally considers assets to be held for sale when the transaction has received appropriate corporate authority, and there are no significant contingencies relating to the sale. If, in management&#146;s opinion, the estimated net sales price, net of selling costs, of the assets which have been identified as held for sale is less than the carrying value of the assets, a valuation allowance is established. 

 If circumstances arise that previously were considered unlikely and, as a result, the Company decides not to sell a property previously classified as held for sale, the property is reclassified as held and used. A property that is reclassified is measured and recorded individually at the lower of (a) its carrying value before the property was classified as held for sale, adjusted for any depreciation (amortization) expense that would have been recognized had the property been continuously classified as held and used, or (b) the fair value at the date of the subsequent decision not to sell. 

 Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 

 The Company accounts for its investments in unconsolidated joint ventures under the equity method of accounting. The Company applies the equity method by initially recording these investments at cost, as Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures, subsequently adjusted for equity in earnings and cash contributions and distributions. The outside basis portion of the Company&#146;s joint ventures is amortized over the anticipated useful lives of the underlying ventures&#146; tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Generally, the Company would discontinue applying the equity method when the investment (and any advances) is reduced to zero and would not provide for additional losses unless the Company has guaranteed obligations of the venture or is otherwise committed to providing further financial support for the investee. If the venture subsequently generates income, the Company only recognizes its share of such income to the extent it exceeds its share of previously unrecognized losses. 

 If the venture subsequently makes distributions and the Company does not have an implied or actual commitment to support the operations of the venture, including a general partner interest in the investee, the Company will not record a basis less than zero, rather such amounts will be recorded as equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures. 

 On a periodic basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators that the value of the Company&#146;s investments in unconsolidated joint ventures may be impaired. An investment is impaired only if management&#146;s estimate of the value of the investment is less than the carrying value of the investment, and such decline in value is deemed to be other than temporary. To the extent impairment has occurred, the loss shall be measured as the excess of the carrying value of the investment over the value of the investment. The Company&#146;s estimates of value for each investment (particularly in real estate joint ventures) are based on a number of assumptions that are subject to economic and market uncertainties including, among others, demand for space, competition for tenants, changes in market rental rates, and operating costs. As these factors are difficult to predict and are subject to future events that may alter management&#146;s assumptions, the values estimated by management in its impairment analyses may not be realized, and actual losses or impairment may be realized in the future. See Note 4: Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures. 

 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

 All highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased are considered to be cash equivalents. 

 Deferred Financing Costs 

 Costs incurred in obtaining financing are capitalized and amortized over the term of the related indebtedness. Deferred financing costs are presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the debt liability to which they relate, except deferred financing costs related to the revolving credit facility, which are presented in deferred charges, goodwill and other assets. In all cases, amortization of such costs is included in interest expense and was $4,582,000, $3,790,000 and $3,274,000 for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. If a financing obligation is extinguished early, any unamortized deferred financing costs are written off and included in gains (losses) from extinguishment of debt. Included in loss 
 
 87 

 Table of Contents 

 from extinguishment of debt, net of gains, of $30.5 million, zero and $582,000 for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were unamortized deferred financing costs which were written off amounting to $745,000, zero and $12,000, respectively. 

 Deferred Leasing Costs 

 Costs incurred in connection with commercial leases are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the related leases and included in depreciation and amortization. Unamortized deferred leasing costs are charged to amortization expense upon early termination of the lease. Certain employees of the Company are compensated for providing leasing services to the Properties. The portion of such compensation related to commercial leases, which is capitalized and amortized, and included in deferred charges, goodwill and other assets, net was approximately $3,270,000, $3,521,000 and $3,840,000 for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

 Goodwill 

 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill is allocated to various reporting units, as applicable. Each of the Company&#146;s segments consists of a reporting unit. Goodwill is not amortized. Management performs an annual impairment test for goodwill during the fourth quarter and between annual tests, management evaluates the recoverability of goodwill whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may not be fully recoverable. In its impairment tests of goodwill, management first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If based on this assessment, management determines that the fair value of the reporting unit is not less than its carrying value, then performing the additional two-step impairment test is unnecessary. If the carrying value of goodwill exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge is recognized. The Company determined that its goodwill was not impaired at December 31, 2016 after management performed its impairment tests. 

 Derivative Instruments 

 The Company measures derivative instruments, including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts, at fair value and records them as an asset or liability, depending on the Company&#146;s rights or obligations under the applicable derivative contract. For derivatives designated and qualifying as fair value hedges, the changes in the fair value of both the derivative instrument and the hedged item are recorded in earnings. For derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, the effective portions of the derivative are reported in other comprehensive income (&#147;OCI&#148;) and are subsequently reclassified into earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. Changes in fair value of derivative instruments not designated as hedging and ineffective portions of hedges are recognized in earnings in the affected period. 

 Revenue Recognition 

 Base rental revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective leases. Unbilled rents receivable represents the cumulative amount by which straight-line rental revenue exceeds rents currently billed in accordance with the lease agreements. 

 Above-market and below-market lease values for acquired properties are initially recorded based on the present value (using a discount rate which reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) of the difference between (i) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to each in-place lease and (ii) management&#146;s estimate of fair market lease rates for each corresponding in-place lease, measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above-market leases and the remaining initial term plus the term of any below-market fixed-rate renewal options for below-market leases. The capitalized above-market lease values for acquired properties are amortized as a reduction of base rental revenue over the remaining terms of the respective leases, and the capitalized below-market lease values are amortized as an increase to base rental revenue over the remaining initial terms plus the terms of any below-market fixed-rate renewal options of the respective leases. 

 Escalations and recoveries from tenants are received from tenants for certain costs as provided in the lease agreements. These costs generally include real estate taxes, utilities, insurance, common area maintenance and other recoverable costs. See Note 13: Tenant Leases. 

 Real estate services revenue includes property management, development, construction and leasing commission fees and other services, and payroll and related costs reimbursed from clients. Fee income derived from the 
 
 88 

 Table of Contents 

 Company&#146;s unconsolidated joint ventures (which are capitalized by such ventures) are recognized to the extent attributable to the unaffiliated ownership interests. 

 Parking income includes income from parking spaces leased to tenants and others. 

 Other income includes income from tenants for additional services arranged for by the Company and income from tenants for early lease terminations. 

 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

 Management performs a detailed review of amounts due from tenants to determine if an allowance for doubtful accounts is required based on factors affecting the collectability of the accounts receivable balances. The factors considered by management in determining which individual tenant receivable balances, or aggregate receivable balances, require a collectability allowance include the age of the receivable, the tenant&#146;s payment history, the nature of the charges, any communications regarding the charges and other related information. Management&#146;s estimate of the allowance for doubtful accounts requires management to exercise significant judgment about the timing, frequency and severity of collection losses, which affects the allowance and net income. 

 Income and Other Taxes 

 The General Partner has elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the &#147;Code&#148;). As a REIT, the General Partner generally will not be subject to corporate federal income tax (including alternative minimum tax) on net income that it currently distributes to its shareholders, provided that the General Partner satisfies certain organizational and operational requirements including the requirement to distribute at least 90 percent of its REIT taxable income (determined by excluding any net capital gains) to its shareholders. If and to the extent the General Partner retains and does not distribute any net capital gains, the General Partner will be required to pay federal, state and local taxes, as applicable, on such net capital gains at the rate applicable to capital gains of a corporation. 

 The Operating Partnership is a partnership, and, as a result, all income and losses of the partnership are allocated to the partners for inclusion in their respective tax returns. Accordingly, no provision or benefit for income taxes has been made in the accompanying financial statements. 

 As of December 31, 2016, the estimated net basis of the rental property for federal income tax purposes was lower than the net assets as reported in the Operating Partnership&#146;s financial statements by approximately $383,501,000. The Operating Partnership&#146;s taxable income for the year ended December 31, 2016 was estimated to be approximately $30,208,000 and for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was approximately $63,285,000 and $73,546,008, respectively. The differences between book income and taxable income primarily result from differences in depreciation expenses, the recording of rental income, differences in the deductibility of certain expenses for tax purposes, differences in revenue recognition and the rules for tax purposes of a property exchange. 

 The General Partner has elected to treat certain of its corporate subsidiaries as taxable REIT subsidiaries (each a &#147;TRS&#148;). In general, a TRS of the General Partner may perform additional services for tenants of the General Partner and generally may engage in any real estate or non-real estate related business (except for the operation or management of health care facilities or lodging facilities or the providing to any person, under a franchise, license or otherwise, rights to any brand name under which any lodging facility or health care facility is operated). A TRS is subject to corporate federal income tax.The General Partner has conducted business through its TRS entities for certain property management, development, construction and other related services, as well as to hold a joint venture interest in a hotel and other matters. 

 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had a deferred tax asset related to its TRS activity with a balance of approximately $16.0 million which has been fully reserved for through a valuation allowance. If the General Partner fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, the Company will be subject to federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) on its taxable income at regular corporate tax rates. The Company is subject to certain state and local taxes. 

 Pursuant to the amended provisions related to uncertain tax provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes, the Company recognized no material adjustments regarding its tax accounting treatment. The Company expects to 
 
 89 

 Table of Contents 

 recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions, if any, as income tax expense, which is included in general and administrative expense. 

 In the normal course of business, the Company or one of its subsidiaries is subject to examination by federal, state and local jurisdictions in which it operates, where applicable. As of December 31, 2016, the tax years that remain subject to examination by the major tax jurisdictions under the statute of limitations are generally from the year 2012 forward. 

 Earnings Per Share or Unit 

 The Company presents both basic and diluted earnings per share or unit (&#147;EPS or EPU&#148;). Basic EPS or EPU excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders or unitholders by the weighted average number of shares or units outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS or EPU reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock, where such exercise or conversion would result in a lower EPS or EPU from continuing operations amount. Shares or Units whose issuance is contingent upon the satisfaction of certain conditions shall be considered outstanding and included in the computation of diluted EPS or EPU as follows (i) if all necessary conditions have been satisfied by the end of the period (the events have occurred), those shares or units shall be included as of the beginning of the period in which the conditions were satisfied (or as of the date of the grant, if later) or (ii) if all necessary conditions have not been satisfied by the end of the period, the number of contingently issuable shares or units included in diluted EPS or EPU shall be based on the number of shares or units, if any, that would be issuable if the end of the reporting period were the end of the contingency period (for example, the number of shares or units that would be issuable based on current period earnings or period-end market price) and if the result would be dilutive. Those contingently issuable shares or units shall be included in the denominator of diluted EPS or EPU as of the beginning of the period (or as of the date of the grant, if later). 

 Dividends and Distributions Payable 

 The dividends and distributions payable at December 31, 2016 represents dividends payable to common shareholders (89,696,824 shares) and distributions payable to noncontrolling interest common unitholders of the Operating Partnership (10,488,105 common units and 657,373 LTIP units) for all such holders of record as of January 5, 2017 with respect to the fourth quarter 2016. The fourth quarter 2016 common stock dividends and common unit distributions of $0.15 per common share and unit were approved by the Board of Directors on December 13, 2016 and paid on January 13, 2017. 

 The dividends and distributions payable at December 31, 2015 represents dividends payable to common shareholders (89,584,008 shares) and distributions payable to noncontrolling interest common unitholders of the Operating Partnership (10,516,844 common units) for all such holders of record as of January 6, 2016 with respect to the fourth quarter 2015. The fourth quarter 2015 common stock dividends and common unit distributions of $0.15 per common share and unit were approved by the Board of Directors on December 8, 2015 and paid on January 15, 2016. 

 The Company has determined that the $0.60 dividend per common share paid during the year ended December 31, 2016 represented 100 percent return of capital; the $0.60 dividend per common share paid during the year ended December 31, 2015 represented approximately 90 percent ordinary income and approximately 10 percent return of capital; and the $0.90 dividend per common share paid during the year ended December 31, 2014 represented approximately 77 percent ordinary income and approximately 23 return of capital. 

 Costs Incurred For Stock Issuances 

 Costs incurred in connection with the Company&#146;s stock issuances are reflected as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. 

 Stock Compensation 

 The Company accounts for stock compensation in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation. These provisions require that the estimated fair value of restricted stock (&#147;Restricted Stock Awards&#148;), restricted stock units (&#147;RSUs&#148;), performance share units (&#147;PSUs&#148;), long term incentives plan 
 
 90 

 Table of Contents 

 awards and stock options at the grant date be amortized ratably into expense over the appropriate vesting period. The Company recorded stock compensation expense of $5,646,000, $2,219,000 and $8,139,000 for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The amount for 2014 included $5,824,000 related to the departure of certain executive officers. 

 Other Comprehensive Income 

 Other comprehensive income (loss) includes items that are recorded in equity, such as effective portions of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges or unrealized holding gains or losses on marketable securities available for sale. 

 Fair Value Hierarchy 

 The standard Fair Value Measurements specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). The following summarizes the fair value hierarchy: 

 &#183; Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets that are unadjusted and accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities; 

 &#183; Level 2: Quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets that are inactive, quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or financial instruments for which significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals and 

 &#183; Level 3: Prices or valuations that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. 

 In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls has been determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company&#146;s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. 

 Impact Of Recently-Issued Accounting Standards 

 In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;) 2014-09 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) (&#147;ASU 2014-09&#148;). ASU 2014-09 is a comprehensive new revenue recognition model requiring a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount reflecting the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In adopting ASU 2014-09, companies may use either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach. Additionally, this guidance requires improved disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted for periods beginning after December 15, 2016. While lease contracts with customers, which constitute the majority of the Company&#146;s revenues, are a specific scope exception of ASU 2014-09, certain of the Company&#146;s revenue streams may be impacted by ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements. 

 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, modifying the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract (i.e. lessees and lessors). The new standard requires lessees to apply a dual approach, classifying leases as either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is effectively a financed purchase by the lessee. This classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or on a straight line basis over the term of the lease, respectively. A lessee is also required to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification. Leases with a term of 12 months or less will be accounted for in the same manner as operating leases today. The new standard requires lessors to account for leases using an approach that is substantially equivalent to existing guidance for sales-type leases, direct financing leases and operating leases. The guidance is expected to impact 
 
 91 

 Table of Contents 

 the consolidated financial statements as the Company has certain operating and land lease arrangements for which it is the lessee. The guidance supersedes previously issued guidance under ASC Topic 840 &#147;Leases.&#148; The guidance is effective on January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements. 

 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07, which eliminates a requirement for the retroactive adjustment on a step by step basis of the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings as if the equity method had been effective during all previous periods that the investment had been held when an investment qualifies for equity method accounting due to an increase in the level of ownership or degree of influence. The cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee is to be added to the current basis of the investor&#146;s previously held interest and the equity method of accounting should be adopted as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. This guidance is to be applied on a prospective basis and is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Since the Company uses the equity method of accounting for its investments in joint ventures, the adoption of ASU 2016-07 is not expected to materially impact the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements. 

 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, intended to simplify various aspects related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the financial statements. The new guidance allows for entities to make an entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest or account for forfeitures when they occur. In addition, the guidance allows employers to withhold shares to satisfy minimum statutory tax withholding requirements up to the employees&#146; maximum individual tax rate without causing the award to be classified as a liability. The guidance also stipulates that cash paid by an employer to a taxing authority when directly withholding shares for tax-withholding purposes should be classified as a financing activity on the statement of cash flows. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within that reporting period. Since the Company already has an entity-wide policy of accounting for forfeitures when they occur, the adoption of ASU 2016-09 is not expected to materially impact the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements. 

 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. ASU 2016-15 addresses eight specific cash flow issues and intends to reduce the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. This guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-15 will have on the Company&#146;s consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 
 3. RECENT TRANSACTIONS 
 
 On February 27, 2017, the Company, Roseland Residential Trust (&#147;RRT&#148;), the Company&#146;s wholly-owned subsidiary through which the Company conducts its multi-family residential real estate operations, Roseland Residential, L.P. (&#147;RRLP&#148;), the operating partnership through which RRT conducts all of its operations, and certain other affiliates of the Company entered into an investment agreement (the &#147;Investment Agreement&#148;) with affiliates of Rockpoint Group, L.L.C. and certain of its affiliates (collectively, &#147;Rockpoint&#148;). The Investment Agreement provides for multiple equity investments by Rockpoint in RRLP from time to time for up to an aggregate of $300 million of preferred units of limited partnership interests of RRLP (the &#147;Preferred Units&#148;). The initial closing under the Investment Agreement is expected to occur by mid-March 2017 for $150 million of Preferred Units, inclusive of a $30 million deposit paid by Rockpoint to RRLP on signing the Investment Agreement. Additional closings of Preferred Units to be issued and sold to Rockpoint pursuant to the Investment Agreement may occur from time to time in increments of not less than $10 million per closing, with the balance of the full $300 million by March 1, 2019. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 2016 
 
 The Company acquired the following office properties during the year ended December 31, 2016 (dollars in thousands) : 

 Acquisition 

 # of 

 Rentable 

 Acquisition 

 Date 

 Property Address 

 Location 

 Bldgs. 

 Square Feet 

 Cost 

 04/04/16 

 11 Martine Avenue (a) 

 White Plains, New York 

 1 

 82,000 

 $ 
 
 10,750 

 04/07/16 

 320, 321 University Avenue (b) 

 Newark, New Jersey 

 2 

 147,406 

 23,000 

 06/02/16 

 101 Wood Avenue South (c) 

 Edison, New Jersey 

 1 

 262,841 

 82,300 

 07/01/16 

 111 River Street (c) 

 Hoboken, New Jersey 

 1 

 566,215 

 210,761 

 Total Acquisitions 

 5 

 1,058,462 

 $ 
 
 326,811 

 (a) Acquisition represented four units of condominium interests which collectively comprise floors 2 through 5. Upon completion of the acquisition, the Company owns the entire 14-story 262,000 square-foot building. The acquisition was funded using available cash. 
 (b) This acquisition was funded through borrowings under the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 (c) This acquisition was funded using available cash and through borrowings under the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 92 

 Table of Contents 
 
 The purchase prices were allocated to the net assets acquired, as follows (in thousands) : 

 320, 321 

 11 Martine 

 University 

 101 Wood 

 111 River 

 Avenue 

 Avenue 

 Avenue 

 Street 

 Land and leasehold interest 

 $ 
 
 2,460 

 $ 
 
 7,305 

 $ 
 
 8,509 

 $ 
 
 204 

 Buildings and improvements 

 8,290 

 15,695 

 72,738 

 198,609 

 Above market leases (a) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 58 

 617 

 In-place lease values (a) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 6,743 

 43,801 

 Other assets 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 11,279 

 88,048 

 254,510 

 Less: Below market lease values (a) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (5,748 
 
 ) 
 
 (43,749 
 
 ) 

 Net assets recorded upon acquisition 

 $ 
 
 10,750 

 $ 
 
 23,000 

 $ 
 
 82,300 

 $ 
 
 210,761 

 (a) Above market, in-place and below market leases are being amortized over a weighted-average term of 8.1 years. 
 
 On January 11, 2017, the Company acquired three office properties totaling approximately 280,000 square feet located in Red Bank, New Jersey, for approximately $26.8 million, which was funded primarily through borrowings under the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. It was not practicable to finalize the purchase price allocation for this acquisition given the period of time between the acquisition date and the issuance of this Report. 
 
 On February 2, 2017, the Company agreed to acquire six office properties totaling approximately 1.1 million square feet, located in Short Hills and Madison, New Jersey for approximately $368 million, subject to certain conditions. The acquisitions are expected to be completed in March 2017. 
 
 On February 27, 2017, the Company reached an agreement to acquire all joint venture partner interests in Monaco, a 523-apartment, two-tower, stabilized community located in Jersey City, New Jersey. The transaction, valued at $315 million, is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017. 
 
 2015 
 
 On December 23, 2015, the Company acquired a vacant 147,241 square-foot office property located in the Mack-Cali Business Campus in Parsippany, New Jersey, for approximately $10.3 million, which was funded primarily through borrowings under the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. This property is currently in redevelopment by the Company. 
 
 On November 12, 2015, the Company acquired a 196,128 square-foot, 95.6 percent leased office property adjacent to an existing Mack-Cali property located in Edison, New Jersey, for approximately $53.1 million, which was funded primarily through borrowings under the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 The purchase prices were allocated to the net assets acquired during the year ended December 31, 2015, as follows (in thousands) : 

 Parsippany 

 Edison 

 Land 

 $ 
 
 5,590 

 $ 
 
 5,542 

 Buildings and improvements 

 4,710 

 40,762 

 Above market leases (1) 

 &#151; 

 2,097 

 In-place lease values (1) 

 &#151; 

 4,699 

 Net cash paid at acquisition 

 $ 
 
 10,300 

 $ 
 
 53,100 

 (1) In-place lease values will be amortized over four years or less, and above market leases will be amortized over 10 years or less. 
 
 Properties Commencing Initial Operations 
 
 The following properties commenced initial operations during the year ended December 31, 2016 ( dollars in thousands ): 

 Total 

 In-Service 

 # of 

 Development 

 Date 

 Property 

 Location 

 Type 

 Apartment Units 

 Costs 

 12/01/16 

 Quarry Place at Tuckahoe 

 Eastchester, NY 

 Multi-Family 

 108 

 $ 
 
 56,961 
 
 (a) 

 12/01/16 

 The Chase II at Overlook Ridge 

 Malden, MA 

 Multi-Family 

 292 

 65,218 
 
 (b) 

 Totals 

 400 

 $ 
 
 122,179 

 (a) Development costs as of December 31, 2016 included approximately $5.6 million in land costs. 
 
 93 

 Table of Contents 
 
 (b) Development costs as of December 31, 2016 included approximately $10.8 million in land costs. As of December 31, 2016, the Company anticipates additional costs of approximately $9.7 million, which will be funded from a construction loan. 
 
 Consolidations in 2016 
 
 On January 5, 2016, the Company, which held a 50 percent subordinated interest in the unconsolidated joint venture, Overlook Ridge Apartment Investors LLC, a 371-unit multi-family operating property located in Malden, Massachusetts, acquired the remaining interest for $39.8 million in cash plus the assumption of a first mortgage loan secured by the property with a principal balance of $52.7 million. The cash portion of the acquisition was funded primarily through borrowings under the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. Upon acquisition, the Company consolidated the asset and accordingly, remeasured its equity interests, as required by the FASB&#146;s consolidation guidance, at fair value (based upon the income approach using current rates and market cap rates and discount rates). As a result, the Company recorded a gain on change of control of interests of $10.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2016. On January 19, 2016, the Company repaid the assumed loan and obtained a new loan secured by the property in the amount of $72.5 million, which bears interest at 3.625 percent and matures in February 2023. See Note 9: Mortgages, Loans Payable and Other Obligations. 
 
 During the second quarter 2016, the Company, which held a 38.25 percent subordinate interest in the unconsolidated Portside Apartment Developers, L.L.C., a joint venture which owns a 175-unit operating multi-family property located in East Boston, Massachusetts, acquired the remaining interests of its joint venture partners for $39.6 million in cash plus the assumption of a mortgage loan secured by the property with a principal balance of $42.5 million. The cash portion of the acquisition was funded primarily through borrowings under the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. Upon acquisition, the Company consolidated the asset and accordingly, remeasured its equity interests, as required by the FASB&#146;s consolidation guidance, at fair value (based upon the income approach using current rates and market cap rates and discount rates). As a result, the Company recorded a gain on change of control of interests of $5.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2016. On July 8, 2016, the Company repaid the assumed loan and obtained a new loan secured by the property in the amount of $59 million, which bears interest at 3.44 percent and matures in August 2023. See Note 9: Mortgages, Loans Payable and Other Obligations. 
 
 The purchase prices were preliminarily allocated to the net assets acquired upon consolidation, as follows (in thousands) : 

 Overlook 

 Portside 

 Ridge 

 Apts 

 Land and leasehold interest 

 $ 
 
 11,072 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 Buildings and improvements 

 87,793 

 73,713 

 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

 1,695 

 1,038 

 Other assets 

 237 

 10,181 

 In-place lease values (a) 

 4,389 

 2,637 

 Less: Below market lease values (a) 

 (489 
 
 ) 
 
 (242 
 
 ) 

 Sub Total 

 104,697 

 87,327 

 Less: Debt assumed 

 (52,662 
 
 ) 
 
 (42,500 
 
 ) 

 Net assets recorded upon consolidation 

 $ 
 
 52,035 

 $ 
 
 44,827 

 (a) In-place lease values and below-market lease values will be amortized over a weighted average term of 7.4 months. 
 
 Other Investments in 2016 
 
 On April 26, 2016, the Company acquired the remaining non-controlling interest in a development project located in Weehawken, New Jersey for $36.4 million. The project includes developable land for approximately 1,100 multi-family units, 290,000 square feet of office space, a 52.5 percent ownership interest in Port Imperial 4/5 Garage and Retail operating properties. The initial phase, Port Imperial South 11, a 295-unit multi-family project, began construction in the first quarter 2016. 
 
 94 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Dispositions/Rental Property Held for Sale 
 
 2016 
 
 The Company disposed of the following office and multi-family properties during the year ended December 31, 2016 (dollars in thousands) : 

 Realized 

 Gains 

 Net 

 Net 

 (losses)/ 

 Disposition 

 # of 

 Sales 

 Book 

 Unrealized 

 Date 

 Property/Address 

 Location 

 Bldgs. 

 Proceeds 

 Value 

 Losses, net 

 03/11/16 

 2 Independence Way (a) 

 Princeton, New Jersey 

 1 

 $ 
 
 4,119 

 $ 
 
 4,283 

 $ 
 
 (164 
 
 ) 

 03/24/16 

 1201 Connecticut Avenue, NW 

 Washington, D.C. 

 1 

 90,591 

 31,827 

 58,764 

 04/26/16 

 125 Broad Street (b) 

 New York, New York 

 1 

 192,323 

 200,183 

 (7,860 
 
 ) 

 05/09/16 

 9200 Edmonston Road 

 Greenbelt, Maryland 

 1 

 4,083 
 
 (c) 
 
 3,837 

 246 

 05/18/16 

 1400 L Street 

 Washington, D.C. 

 1 

 68,399 

 30,053 

 38,346 

 07/14/16 

 600 Parsippany Road 

 Parsippany, New Jersey 

 1 

 10,465 
 
 (d) 
 
 5,875 

 4,590 

 07/14/16 

 4,5,6 Century Drive (e) 

 Parsippany, New Jersey 

 3 

 14,533 

 17,308 

 (2,775 
 
 ) 

 08/11/16 

 Andover Place 

 Andover, Massachusetts 

 1 

 39,863 

 37,150 

 2,713 

 09/26/16 

 222,233 Mount Airy Road (f) 

 Basking Ridge, New Jersey 

 2 

 8,817 

 9,039 

 (222 
 
 ) 

 09/27/16 

 10 Mountainview Road 

 Upper Saddle River, New Jersey 

 1 

 18,990 

 19,571 

 (581 
 
 ) 

 11/07/16 

 100 Willowbrook, 2,3,4 Paragon (g) 

 Freehold, New Jersey 

 4 

 14,634 

 19,377 

 (4,743 
 
 ) 

 12/05/16 

 4 Becker Farm Road 

 Roseland, New Jersey 

 1 

 41,400 
 
 (h) 
 
 31,001 

 10,399 

 12/09/16 

 101,103,105 Eisenhower Parkway 

 Roseland, New Jersey 

 3 

 46,423 

 45,999 

 424 

 12/22/16 

 Capital Office Park, Ivy Lane (i) 

 Greenbelt, Maryland 

 6 

 46,570 

 65,064 

 (18,494 
 
 ) 

 12/22/16 

 100 Walnut Avenue 

 Clark, New Jersey 

 1 

 28,428 

 7,529 

 20,899 

 12/22/16 

 20 Commerce Drive 

 Cranford, New Jersey 

 1 

 28,878 

 13,071 

 15,807 

 12/29/16 

 4200 Parliament Place (j) 

 Lanham, Maryland 

 1 

 5,965 

 5,983 

 (18 
 
 ) 

 Sub-total 

 30 

 664,481 

 547,150 

 117,331 

 Unrealized losses on rental property held for sale 

 (7,665 
 
 ) 

 Totals 

 30 

 $ 
 
 664,481 

 $ 
 
 547,150 

 $ 
 
 109,666 

 (a) 
 
 The Company recorded an impairment charge of $3.2 million on this property during the year ended December 31, 2015. 

 (b) 
 
 The Company recorded impairment charges of $83.2 million on this property during the year ended December 31, 2015. 

 (c) 
 
 The Company transferred the deed for this property to the lender in satisfaction of its obligations. The Company recorded an impairment charge of $3.0 million on this property during the year ended December 31, 2012. 

 (d) 
 
 $10.5 million of the net sales proceeds from this sale were held by a qualified intermediary. The Company received these proceeds on January 11, 2017. 

 (e) 
 
 The Company recorded impairment charges of $9.8 million on these properties during the year ended December 31, 2015. 

 (f) 
 
 The Company recorded impairment charges of $1.0 million on these properties during the year ended December 31, 2015. 

 (g) 
 
 The Company recorded impairment charges of $7.4 million on these properties during the year ended December 31, 2015. 

 (h) 
 
 The Company transferred the deed for this property to the lender in satisfaction of its obligations. 

 (i) 
 
 The Company recorded impairment charges of $66.5 million on these properties during the year ended December 31, 2015. 

 (j) 
 
 The Company recorded an impairment charge of $4.2 million on this property during the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company signed agreements to sell eight office properties totaling approximately 750,000 square feet, subject to certain conditions, and identified them as held for sale as of December 31, 2016. The properties are located in Princeton, Cranford and Bridgewater, New Jersey. The Company determined that the carrying value of one of the office properties was not expected to be recovered from estimated net sales proceeds and accordingly recognized an unrealized loss allowance of $7.7 million at December 31, 2016. In January and February 2017, the Company completed the disposition of these properties for net sales proceeds of approximately $45.8 million. 
 
 The following table summarizes the rental property held for sale, net, as of December 31, 2016: (dollars in thousands) 

 December 31, 

 2016 

 Land 

 $ 
 
 10,934 

 Buildings and improvements 

 68,266 

 Less: Accumulated depreciation 

 (31,792 
 
 ) 

 Less: Unrealized losses on properties held for sale 

 (7,665 
 
 ) 

 Rental property held for sale,net 

 $ 
 
 39,743 

 Other assets and liabilities related to the rental properties held for sale, as of December 31, 2016, include $1.7 million in deferred charges, and other assets, $1.2 million in Unbilled rents receivable, $1.1 million in Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, and $1.9 million in Rents received in advance and security deposits. Approximately $2.9 million of these assets and $0.5 million of these liabilities are expected to be written off with the completion of the sales. 
 
 95 

 Table of Contents 
 
 2015 
 
 The Company disposed of the following office properties during the year ended December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands) : 

 Rentable 

 Net 

 Net 

 Disposition 

 # of 

 Square 

 Sales 

 Book 

 Realized 

 Date 

 Property/Address 

 Location 

 Bldgs. 

 Feet 

 Proceeds 

 Value 

 Gain 

 01/15/15 

 1451 Metropolitan Drive 

 West Deptford, New Jersey 

 1 

 21,600 

 $ 
 
 1,072 

 $ 
 
 929 

 $ 
 
 143 

 05/27/15 

 10 Independence Blvd 

 Warren, New Jersey 

 1 

 120,528 

 18,351 
 
 (a) 
 
 15,114 

 3,237 

 06/11/15 

 4 Sylvan Way 

 Parsippany, New Jersey 

 1 

 105,135 

 15,961 
 
 (a) 
 
 9,522 

 6,439 

 06/26/15 

 14 Sylvan Way 

 Parsippany, New Jersey 

 1 

 203,506 

 79,977 

 55,253 

 24,724 

 07/21/15 

 210 Clay Ave 

 Lyndhurst, New Jersey 

 1 

 121,203 

 14,766 
 
 (a) 
 
 5,202 

 9,564 

 08/24/15 

 5 Becker Farm Rd 

 Roseland, New Jersey 

 1 

 118,343 

 18,129 
 
 (a) 
 
 8,975 

 9,154 

 Totals 

 6 

 690,315 

 $ 
 
 148,256 

 $ 
 
 94,995 

 $ 
 
 53,261 

 (a) 
 
 The Company transferred the deeds for these properties to the lender in satisfaction of its mortgage loan obligations totaling $59.7 million. The Company recorded an impairment charge of $25.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2013 as it estimated that the carrying value of the properties may not be recoverable over their anticipated holding periods. 
 
 The following table summarizes income (loss) from the properties disposed of during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014: (dollars in thousands) 

 Years Ended 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 Total revenues 

 $ 
 
 60,590 

 $ 
 
 9,137 

 $ 
 
 53,975 

 Operating and other expenses 

 (36,428 
 
 ) 
 
 (5,532 
 
 ) 
 
 (24,311 
 
 ) 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (22,712 
 
 ) 
 
 (11,700 
 
 ) 
 
 (9,955 
 
 ) 

 Interest expense 

 (10,845 
 
 ) 
 
 (7,008 
 
 ) 
 
 (10,369 
 
 ) 

 Income (loss) from properties disposed of 

 $ 
 
 (9,395 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (15,103 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 9,340 

 Realized gains/unrealized Losses on dispositions 

 117,331 

 53,261 

 54,848 

 Total income (loss) from properties disposed of 

 $ 
 
 107,936 

 $ 
 
 38,158 

 $ 
 
 64,188 

 Impairments on Properties Held and Used in 2015 
 
 In September 2015, the Company announced a three-year strategic initiative to transform the Company into a more concentrated owner of New Jersey Hudson River waterfront and transit-oriented office properties and a regional owner of luxury multi-family residential properties. In connection with the transformation of the Company&#146;s portfolio, management began developing a disposition plan in September 2015, which will be an ongoing assessment process. At September 30, 2015, the Company evaluated the recoverability of the carrying values of these non-core properties as well as three properties with near term debt maturities, and determined that due to the shortening of the expected periods of ownership, it was necessary to reduce the carrying values of 25 rental properties to their estimated fair values. Accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $164.2 million at September 30, 2015 reducing the aggregate carrying values of these properties from $602.8 million to their estimated fair values of $438.6 million. At December 31, 2015, as a result of its periodic evaluation of the recoverability of the carrying values resulting from its ongoing assessment of non-core properties, the Company recorded an additional impairment charge of $33.7 million. 
 
 Unconsolidated Joint Venture Activity 
 
 On April 1, 2016, the Company bought out its partner PruRose Riverwalk G, L.L.C. for $11.3 million and increased its subordinated interest in Riverwalk G Urban Renewal, L.L.C. from 25 percent to 50 percent using borrowings on the Company&#146;s unsecured credit facility. Riverwalk G Urban Renewal, L.L.C., owns a 316-unit operating multi-family property located in West New York, New Jersey. Concurrent with the refinancing in October 2016, the Company executed an agreement with the remaining partner which converted the 50 percent subordinated interest to 22.5 percent pari passu interest 
 
 On May 26, 2016, the Company sold its 50 percent interest in Port Imperial South 15, L.L.C. (&#147;RiversEdge&#148;) and its 20 percent interest in Port Imperial South 13 Urban Renewal, L.L.C. (&#147;RiverParc&#148;), joint ventures that own the 236-unit and the 280-unit multi-family operating properties, respectively, located in Weehawken, New Jersey for $6.4 million. The Company realized a gain on the sale of $5.7 million. 
 
 On January 31, 2017, the Company sold its interest in KPG-P 100 IMW JV, LLC, Keystone-Penn and Keystone-Tristate joint ventures that own operating properties, located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania for a combined sales price of $9.7 million. 
 
 On February 3, 2017, the Operating Partnership issued 42,800 shares of a new class of 3.5 percent Series A Preferred Limited 
 
 96 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Partnership Units of the Operating Partnership (the &#147;Preferred Units&#148;). The Preferred Units were issued to the Company&#146;s partners in the Plaza VIII & IX Associates L.L.C. joint venture that owns a development site adjacent to the Company&#146;s Harborside property in Jersey City, New Jersey as consideration for their approximate 37.5 percent interest in the joint venture. Concurrent with the issuance of the Preferred Units, the Company purchased from other partners in the Plaza VIII & IX Associates L.L.C. joint venture their approximate 12.5 percent interest for approximately $14.3 million in cash. The results of these transactions increased the Company&#146;s interests in the joint venture from 50 percent to 100 percent. 
 
 97 

 Table of Contents 
 
 4. INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED JOINT VENTURES 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had an aggregate investment of approximately $320.0 million in its equity method joint ventures. The Company formed these ventures with unaffiliated third parties, or acquired interests in them, to develop or manage primarily office and multi-family rental properties, or to acquire land in anticipation of possible development of office and multi-family rental properties. As of December 31, 2016, the unconsolidated joint ventures owned: 36 office properties aggregating approximately 5.6 million square feet, 10 multi-family properties totaling 3,587 apartments, two retail properties aggregating approximately 81,700 square feet, a 350-room hotel, development projects for up to approximately 822 apartments; and interests and/or rights to developable land parcels able to accommodate up to 4,151 apartments. The Company&#146;s unconsolidated interests range from 7.5 percent to 85 percent subject to specified priority allocations in certain of the joint ventures. 
 
 The amounts reflected in the following tables (except for the Company&#146;s share of equity in earnings) are based on the historical financial information of the individual joint ventures. The Company does not record losses of the joint ventures in excess of its investment balances unless the Company is liable for the obligations of the joint venture or is otherwise committed to provide financial support to the joint venture. The outside basis portion of the Company&#146;s investments in joint ventures is amortized over the anticipated useful lives of the underlying ventures&#146; tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Unless otherwise noted below, the debt of the Company&#146;s unconsolidated joint ventures generally is non-recourse to the Company, except for customary exceptions pertaining to such matters as intentional misuse of funds, environmental conditions, and material misrepresentations. 
 
 The Company has agreed to guarantee repayment of a portion of the debt of its unconsolidated joint ventures. As of December 31, 2016, such debt had a total facility amount of $192 million of which the Company agreed to guarantee up to $22 million. As of December 31, 2016, the outstanding balance of such debt totaled $155.2 million of which $22 million was guaranteed by the Company. The Company performed management, leasing, development and other services for the properties owned by the unconsolidated joint ventures and recognized $3.7 million and $5.5 million for such services in the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company had $0.7 million and $0.8 million in accounts receivable due from its unconsolidated joint ventures as of December 31, 2016 and 2015. 
 
 Included in the Company&#146;s investments in unconsolidated joint ventures as of December 31, 2016 are four unconsolidated development joint ventures, which are VIEs for which the Company is not the primary beneficiary. These joint ventures are primarily established to develop real estate property for long-term investment and were deemed VIEs primarily based on the fact that the equity investment at risk was not sufficient to permit the entities to finance their activities without additional financial support. The initial equity contributed to these entities was not sufficient to fully finance the real estate construction as development costs are funded by the partners throughout the construction period. The Company determined that it was not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs based on the fact that the Company has shared control of these entities along with the entity&#146;s partners and therefore does not have controlling financial interests in these VIEs. The Company&#146;s aggregate investment in these VIEs was approximately $185.4 million as of December 31, 2016. The Company&#146;s maximum exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with these VIEs is estimated to be approximately $207.4 million, which includes the Company&#146;s current investment and estimated future funding commitments/guarantees of approximately $22 million. The Company has not provided financial support to these VIEs that it was not previously contractually required to provide. In general, future costs of development not financed through third parties will be funded with capital contributions from the Company and its outside partners in accordance with their respective ownership percentages. 
 
 98 

 Table of Contents 
 
 The following is a summary of the Company&#146;s unconsolidated joint ventures as of December 31, 2016 and 2015: (dollars in thousands) 

 Property Debt 

 Number of 

 Company&#146;s 

 Carrying Value 

 As of December 31, 2016 

 Apartment Units 

 Effective 

 December 31, 

 December 31, 

 Maturity 

 Interest 

 Entity / Property Name 

 or Rentable Square Feet (sf) 

 Ownership% (a) 

 2016 

 2015 

 Balance 

 Date 

 Rate 

 Multi-family 

 Marbella RoseGarden, L.L.C./ Marbella (b) 

 412 

 units 

 24.27 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 15,150 

 $ 
 
 15,569 

 $ 
 
 95,000 

 05/01/18 

 4.99 
 
 % 

 RoseGarden Monaco Holdings, L.L.C./ Monaco (b) 

 523 

 units 

 15.00 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 937 

 165,000 

 02/01/21 

 4.19 
 
 % 

 Rosewood Morristown, L.L.C. / Metropolitan at 40 Park (b) (c) 

 130 

 units 

 12.50 
 
 % 
 
 7,145 

 5,723 

 43,958 

 (d) 

 (d) 

 Riverwalk G Urban Renewal, L.L.C./ RiverTrace at Port Imperial (e) 

 316 

 units 

 22.50 
 
 %(f) 
 
 9,707 

 &#151; 

 82,000 

 11/10/26 

 3.21 
 
 %(f) 

 Elmajo Urban Renewal Associates, LLC / Lincoln Harbor (Bldg A&C) (b) (v) 

 355 

 units 

 7.50 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 128,100 

 03/01/30 

 4.00 
 
 % 

 Crystal House Apartments Investors LLC / Crystal House (g) 

 794 

 units 

 25.00 
 
 % 
 
 30,565 

 28,114 

 165,000 

 04/01/20 

 3.17 
 
 % 

 Roseland/Port Imperial Partners, L.P./ Riverwalk C (b) (h) 

 363 

 units 

 20.00 
 
 % 
 
 1,678 

 1,678 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 RoseGarden Marbella South, L.L.C./ Marbella II 

 311 

 units 

 24.27 
 
 % 
 
 18,050 

 16,728 

 72,544 

 03/30/17 

 L+2.25 
 
 %(i) 

 Estuary Urban Renewal Unit B, LLC / Lincoln Harbor (Bldg B) (b) (v) 

 227 

 units 

 7.50 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 81,900 

 03/01/30 

 4.00 
 
 % 

 Riverpark at Harrison I, L.L.C./ Riverpark at Harrison 

 141 

 units 

 45.00 
 
 % 
 
 2,085 

 2,544 

 30,000 

 08/01/25 

 3.70 
 
 % 

 Capitol Place Mezz LLC / Station Townhouses 

 378 

 units 

 50.00 
 
 % 
 
 43,073 

 46,267 

 100,700 

 07/01/33 

 4.82 
 
 % 

 Harborside Unit A Urban Renewal, L.L.C. / URL Harborside 

 763 

 units 

 85.00 
 
 % 
 
 100,188 

 96,799 

 155,186 

 08/01/29 

 5.197 
 
 %(j) 

 RoseGarden Monaco, L.L.C./ San Remo Land 

 250 

 potential units 

 41.67 
 
 % 
 
 1,400 

 1,339 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Grand Jersey Waterfront URA, L.L.C./ Liberty Landing 

 850 

 potential units 

 50.00 
 
 % 
 
 337 

 337 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Hillsborough 206 Holdings, L.L.C./ Hillsborough 206 

 160,000 

 sf 

 50.00 
 
 % 
 
 1,962 

 1,962 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Plaza VIII & IX Associates, L.L.C./ Vacant land (parking operations) (u) 

 1,225,000 

 sf 

 50.00 
 
 % 
 
 4,448 

 4,055 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Office 

 Red Bank Corporate Plaza, L.L.C./ Red Bank 

 92,878 

 sf 

 50.00 
 
 % 
 
 4,339 

 4,140 

 14,476 

 05/17/17 

 L+3.00% 

 12 Vreeland Associates, L.L.C./ 12 Vreeland Road 

 139,750 

 sf 

 50.00 
 
 % 
 
 6,237 

 5,890 

 11,041 

 07/01/23 

 2.87 
 
 % 

 BNES Associates III / Offices at Crystal Lake 

 106,345 

 sf 

 31.25 
 
 % 
 
 3,124 

 2,295 

 5,480 

 11/01/23 

 4.76 
 
 % 

 KPG-P 100 IMW JV, LLC / 100 Independence Mall West 

 339,615 

 sf 

 33.33 
 
 %(t) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 72,000 

 09/08/18 

 L+5.95 
 
 %(k) 

 Keystone-Penn 

 1,842,820 

 sf 

 (l) 
 
 (t) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 235,059 

 (m) 

 (m) 

 Keystone-TriState 

 1,266,384 

 sf 

 (n) 
 
 (t) 
 
 2,285 

 3,958 

 218,639 

 (o) 

 (o) 

 KPG-MCG Curtis JV, L.L.C./ Curtis Center (p) 

 885,000 

 sf 

 50.00 
 
 % 
 
 65,400 

 59,858 

 (q) 

 (q) 

 (q) 

 Other 

 Roseland/North Retail, L.L.C./ Riverwalk at Port Imperial (b) 

 30,745 

 sf 

 20.00 
 
 % 
 
 1,706 

 1,758 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 South Pier at Harborside / Hyatt Regency Jersey City on the Hudson 

 350 

 rooms 

 50.00 
 
 % 
 
 163 

 (r) 
 
 100,000 

 10/01/26 

 3.668 
 
 % 

 Other (s) 

 1,005 

 3,506 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Totals: 

 $ 
 
 320,047 

 $ 
 
 303,457 

 $ 
 
 1,776,083 

 (a) 
 
 Company&#146;s effective ownership% represents the Company&#146;s entitlement to residual distributions after payments of priority returns, where applicable. 

 (b) 
 
 The Company&#146;s ownership interests in this venture are subordinate to its partner&#146;s preferred capital balance and the Company is not expected to meaningfully participate in the venture&#146;s cash flows in the near term. 

 (c) 
 
 Through the joint venture, the Company also owns a 12.5 percent interest in a 50,973 square feet retail building (&#147;Shops at 40 Park&#148;) and a 25 percent interest in a to-be-built 59-unit, five story multi-family rental development property (&#147;Lofts at 40 Park&#148;). 

 (d) 
 
 Property debt balance consists of: (i) an amortizable loan, collateralized by the Metropolitan at 40 Park, with a balance of $37,640, bears interest at 3.25 percent, matures in September 2020; (ii) an amortizable loan, collateralized by the Shops at 40 Park, with a balance of $6,318, bears interest at 3.63 percent, matures in August 2018. On February 3, 2017, the venture obtained a construction loan for the Lofts at 40 Park with a maximum borrowing amount of $13,950, which bears interest at LIBOR plus 250 basis points and matures in February 2020. 

 (e) 
 
 During the second quarter 2016, the Company acquired the equity interests of its joint venture partner in Portside Apartment Holdings, L.L.C and PruRose Riverwalk G, L.L.C. for $39.6 million and $11.3 million, respectively, which increased its ownership to 100 percent in Portside Apartment Holdings, LLC and 50 percent in Riverwalk G Urban Renewal, L.L.C. (See Note 3: Recent Transactions &#151; Acquisitions). 

 (f) 
 
 The loan was refinanced in October 2016. The new $82 million loan matures in November 2026 and has an interest rate of 3.21 percent. Concurrent with the refinancing in October 2016, the Company executed an agreement with the remaining partner which converted its 50 percent subordinated interest to 22.5 percent pari passu interest. 

 (g) 
 
 The Company also owns a 50 percent interest in a vacant land to accommodate the development of approximately 295 additional units of which 252 are currently approved. 

 (h) 
 
 The Company also owns a 20 percent residual interest in undeveloped land parcels: parcels 6, I, and J that can accommodate the development of 836 apartment units. 

 (i) 
 
 The construction loan has a maximum borrowing amount of $77,400 and provides, subject to certain conditions, two one-year extension options with a fee of 25 basis points for each year. 

 (j) 
 
 The construction/permanent loan has a maximum borrowing amount of $192,000. The Company owns an 85 percent interest with shared control over major decisions such as, approval of budgets, property financings and leasing guidelines. 

 (k) 
 
 The mortgage loan has three one-year extension options, subject to certain conditions. 

 (l) 
 
 The Company&#146;s equity interests in the joint ventures will be subordinated to Keystone Entities receiving a 15 percent internal rate of return (&#147;IRR&#148;) after which the Company will receive a 10 percent IRR on its subordinate equity and then all profit will be split equally. 

 (m) 
 
 Principal balance of $127,103 bears interest at 5.114 percent and matures on August 27, 2023; principal balance of $45,500 bears interest at 5.01 percent and matures on September 6, 2025; principal balance of $18,281 bears interest at LIBOR+5.5 percent and matures on December 21, 2020; principal balance of $22,500 bears interest at LIBOR+5.2 percent and matures on August 31, 2019; principal balance of $11,250 bears interest at LIBOR+5.5 percent and matures on January 9, 2019; principal balance of $10,425 bears interest at LIBOR+6.0 percent matures on August 27, 2017. 

 (n) 
 
 Includes the Company&#146;s pari-passu interests of $2.3 million in five properties and Company&#146;s subordinated equity interests to Keystone Entities receiving a 15 percent internal rate of return (&#147;IRR&#148;) after which the Company will receive a 10 percent IRR on its subordinate equity and then all profit will be split equally. 

 (o) 
 
 Principal balance of $47,500 bears interest at 5.57 percent and matures on July 1, 2017; principal balance of $78,439 bears interest at rates ranging from 5.65 percent to 6.75 percent and matures on September 9, 2017; principal balance of $14,250 bears interest at 4.88 percent and matures on July 6, 2024; principal balance of $63,400 bears interest at 4.93 percent and matures on July 6, 2044; principal balance of $15,050 bears interest at 4.71 percent and matures on August 6, 2024. 

 (p) 
 
 Includes undivided interests in the same manner as investments in noncontrolling partnership, pursuant to ASC 970-323-25-12. 

 (q) 
 
 See Note 9: Mortgages, Loans Payable and Other Obligations for debt secured by interests in these assets. 

 (r) 
 
 The negative carrying value for this venture of $3,317 as of December 31, 2015, was included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities. 

 (s) 
 
 The Company owns other interests in various unconsolidated joint ventures, including interests in assets previously owned and interest in ventures whose businesses are related to its core operations. These ventures are not expected to significantly impact the Company&#146;s operations in the near term. 

 (t) 
 
 On January 31, 2017, the Company sold its equity interest in the joint venture. See Note 3: Recent Transactions - Unconsolidated Joint Venture Activity. 

 (u) 
 
 On February 3, 2017, the Company acquired the equity interest of its partner. See Note 3: Recent Transactions - Unconsolidated Joint Venture Activity. 
 
 99 

 Table of Contents 

 (v) 
 
 On February 15, 2017, the Company sold its 7.5 percent interest in Elmajo Urban Renewal Associates, LLC and Estuary Urban Renewal Unit B, LLC joint ventures that own operating multi-family properties, located in Weehawken, New Jersey for a combined sales price of $5.1 million. 
 
 The following is a summary of the Company&#146;s equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015: (dollars in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Entity / Property Name 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 Multi-family 

 Marbella RoseGarden, L.L.C./ Marbella 

 $ 
 
 231 

 $ 
 
 231 

 $ 
 
 (19 
 
 ) 

 RoseGarden Monaco Holdings, L.L.C./ Monaco 

 (937 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,224 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,040 
 
 ) 

 Rosewood Morristown, L.L.C. / Metropolitan at 40 Park 

 (317 
 
 ) 
 
 (364 
 
 ) 
 
 (345 
 
 ) 

 Riverwalk G Urban Renewal, L.L.C./ RiverTrace at Port Imperial 

 (1,146 
 
 ) 
 
 (955 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,139 
 
 ) 

 Elmajo Urban Renewal Associates, LLC / Lincoln Harbor (Bldg A&C) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (203 
 
 ) 

 Crystal House Apartments Investors LLC / Crystal House 

 (870 
 
 ) 
 
 (123 
 
 ) 
 
 (139 
 
 ) 

 Roseland/Port Imperial Partners, L.P./ Riverwalk C 

 (120 
 
 ) 
 
 (474 
 
 ) 
 
 (646 
 
 ) 

 RoseGarden Marbella South, L.L.C./ Marbella II 

 (202 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Estuary Urban Renewal Unit B, LLC / Lincoln Harbor (Bldg B) 

 &#151; 

 1 

 (15 
 
 ) 

 Riverpark at Harrison I, L.L.C./ Riverpark at Harrison 

 (190 
 
 ) 
 
 (363 
 
 ) 
 
 (150 
 
 ) 

 Capitol Place Mezz LLC / Station Townhouses 

 (2,440 
 
 ) 
 
 (3,687 
 
 ) 
 
 (75 
 
 ) 

 Harborside Unit A Urban Renewal, L.L.C. / URL Harborside 

 (219 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (218 
 
 ) 

 RoseGarden Monaco, L.L.C./ San Remo Land 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Grand Jersey Waterfront URA, L.L.C./ Liberty Landing 

 (80 
 
 ) 
 
 (32 
 
 ) 
 
 (54 
 
 ) 

 Hillsborough 206 Holdings, L.L.C./ Hillsborough 206 

 (53 
 
 ) 
 
 (5 
 
 ) 
 
 (10 
 
 ) 

 Plaza VIII & IX Associates, L.L.C./ Vacant land (parking operations) 

 393 

 344 

 320 

 Office 

 Red Bank Corporate Plaza, L.L.C./ Red Bank 

 448 

 392 

 380 

 12 Vreeland Associates, L.L.C./ 12 Vreeland Road 

 347 

 270 

 106 

 BNES Associates III / Offices at Crystal Lake 

 (15 
 
 ) 
 
 115 

 240 

 KPG-P 100 IMW JV, LLC / 100 Independence Mall West 

 &#151; 

 (800 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,887 
 
 ) 

 Keystone-Penn 

 600 

 3,812 

 &#151; 

 Keystone-TriState 

 (1,672 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,182 
 
 ) 
 
 (318 
 
 ) 

 KPG-MCG Curtis JV, L.L.C./ Curtis Center 

 (92 
 
 ) 
 
 475 

 624 

 Other 

 Roseland/North Retail, L.L.C./ Riverwalk at Port Imperial 

 (52 
 
 ) 
 
 (70 
 
 ) 
 
 (102 
 
 ) 

 South Pier at Harborside / Hyatt Regency Jersey City on the Hudson (a) 

 24,180 

 3,036 

 2,602 

 Other 

 994 

 (1,569 
 
 ) 
 
 665 

 Company&#146;s equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures 

 $ 
 
 18,788 

 $ 
 
 (3,172 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (2,423 
 
 ) 

 (a) Equity in earnings in 2016 includes the effect of distributions received from the joint venture&#146;s refinancing. See Recent Joint Venture Transactions following in this footnote. 
 
 The following is a summary of the combined financial position of the unconsolidated joint ventures in which the Company had investment interests as of December 31, 2016 and 2015: (dollars in thousands) 

 December 31, 

 December 31, 

 2016 

 2015 

 Assets: 

 Rental property, net 

 $ 
 
 1,746,233 

 $ 
 
 1,781,621 

 Other assets 

 278,289 

 307,000 

 Total assets 

 $ 
 
 2,024,522 

 $ 
 
 2,088,621 

 Liabilities and partners&#146;/ members&#146; capital: 

 Mortgages and loans payable 

 $ 
 
 1,350,973 

 $ 
 
 1,298,293 

 Other liabilities 

 247,212 

 215,951 

 Partners&#146;/members&#146; capital 

 426,337 

 574,377 

 Total liabilities and partners&#146;/members&#146; capital 

 $ 
 
 2,024,522 

 $ 
 
 2,088,621 

 The following is a summary of the combined results from operations of the unconsolidated joint ventures for the period in which the Company had investment interests during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014: (dollars in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 Total revenues 

 $ 
 
 377,711 

 $ 
 
 318,980 

 $ 
 
 305,034 

 Operating and other expenses 

 (262,703 
 
 ) 
 
 (220,982 
 
 ) 
 
 (233,320 
 
 ) 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (75,512 
 
 ) 
 
 (71,711 
 
 ) 
 
 (42,985 
 
 ) 

 Interest expense 

 (58,390 
 
 ) 
 
 (52,972 
 
 ) 
 
 (32,862 
 
 ) 

 Net loss 

 $ 
 
 (18,894 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (26,685 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (4,133 
 
 ) 
 
 100 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Recent Joint Venture Transactions 
 
 The South Pier at Harborside venture had a $59.1 million mortgage loan collateralized by the hotel property, which bore interest at a rate of 6.15 percent and was scheduled to mature in November 2016. The venture also had a $3.0 million loan with the City of Jersey City, provided by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (&#147;HUD loan&#148;), which was guaranteed by the Company, half of which was indemnified by the venture partner. On September 14, 2016, the venture refinanced the mortgage loan and repaid in full the HUD loan, eliminating the previous guarantee which had caused the Company to carry this investment at a negative balance. The Company recorded this reversal through equity in earnings for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
 
 The new loan, with a balance of $100.0 million at December 31, 2016, bears interest at a rate of 3.668 percent and matures in October 2026. In connection with the refinancing, the venture distributed $35.7 million of the loan proceeds, of which the Company&#146;s share was $17.8 million. Prior to this distribution, the Company had already received cumulative distributions in excess of cumulative earnings and contributions resulting in a carrying value of zero and as such, $17.8 million was recognized as equity in earnings for the year ended December 31, 2016. The Company has no obligations to fund future venture losses nor has any guarantees on the joint venture&#146;s current debt. 
 
 5. DEFERRED CHARGES, GOODWILL AND OTHER ASSETS, NET 

 December 31, 

 (dollars in thousands) 

 2016 

 2015 

 Deferred leasing costs 

 $ 
 
 220,947 

 $ 
 
 239,690 

 Deferred financing costs - unsecured revolving credit facility (a) 

 5,400 

 5,394 

 226,347 

 245,084 

 Accumulated amortization 

 (107,359 
 
 ) 
 
 (118,014 
 
 ) 

 Deferred charges, net 

 118,988 

 127,070 

 Notes receivable (b) 

 13,251 

 13,496 

 In-place lease values, related intangibles and other assets, net (c)(d) 

 72,046 

 10,931 

 Goodwill (e) 

 2,945 

 2,945 

 Prepaid expenses and other assets, net (f) 

 60,720 

 49,408 

 Total deferred charges, goodwill and other assets, net 

 $ 
 
 267,950 

 $ 
 
 203,850 

 (a) Pursuant to recently issued accounting standards, deferred financing costs related to all other debt liabilities (other than for the unsecured revolving credit facility) are netted against those debt liabilities for all periods presented. See Note 2: Significant Accounting Policies &#151; Deferred Financing Costs. 
 (b) Includes as of December 31, 2016: a mortgage receivable for $10.4 million which bore interest at LIBOR plus six percent and was repaid in full in January 2017, and an interest-free note receivable with a net present value of $2.8 million which matures in April 2023 and the Company believes is fully collectible. 
 (c) In accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, the Company recognizes rental revenue of acquired above and below market lease intangibles over the terms of the respective leases. The impact of amortizating the acquired above and below-market lease intangibles increased revenue by approximately $1.9 million, $0.2 million and $0.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The following table summarizes, as of December 31, 2016, the scheduled amortization of the Company&#146;s acquired above and below-market lease intangibles for each of the five succeeding years (dollars in thousands) . 

 Acquired Above- 

 Acquired Below- 

 Market Lease 

 Market Lease 

 Total 

 Year 

 Intangibles 

 Intangibles 

 Amortization 

 2017 

 $ 
 
 (1,068 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 3,827 

 $ 
 
 2,759 

 2018 

 (691 
 
 ) 
 
 3,575 

 2,884 

 2019 

 (574 
 
 ) 
 
 3,423 

 2,849 

 2020 

 (386 
 
 ) 
 
 3,204 

 2,818 

 2021 

 (298 
 
 ) 
 
 3,178 

 2,880 

 (d) In accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, the value of acquired in-place lease intangibles are amortized to expense over the remaining initial terms of the respective leases. The impact of the amortization of acquired in-place lease values is included in depreciation and amortization expense and amounted to approximately $14.3 million, $1.4 million and $6.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The following table summarizes, as of December 31, 2014, the scheduled amortization of the Company&#146;s acquired in-place lease values for each of the five succeeding years (dollars in thousands) . 
 
 101 

 Table of Contents 

 Year 

 2017 

 $ 
 
 7,869 

 2018 

 4,391 

 2019 

 4,069 

 2020 

 2,868 

 2021 

 2,785 

 (e) All goodwill is attributable to the Company&#146;s Multi-family Services segment. 
 (f) Includes as of December 31, 2016, $10.5 million of proceeds from property sales held by a qualified intermediary. 
 
 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
 
 The Company&#146;s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had outstanding interest rate swaps with a combined notional value of $350 million that were designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk. During the year ending December 31, 2016, such derivatives were used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with existing variable-rate debt. 
 
 The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings. During the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 the Company recorded ineffectiveness gain of $0.6 million, zero and zero, respectively, which is included in interest and other investment income (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations, attributable to a floor mismatch in the underlying indices of the derivatives and the hedged interest payments made on its variable-rate debt. Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company&#146;s variable-rate debt. During the next 12 months, the Company estimates that an additional $1.7 million will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense. 
 
 Undesignated Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Interest rate caps not designated as hedges are not speculative and are used to manage the Company&#146;s exposure to interest rate movements but do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements. Changes in the fair value of derivatives not designated in hedging relationships are recorded directly in earnings. The Company recognized expenses of $2,000, $93,000 and $79,000 for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, which is included in interest and other investment income (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 The table below presents the fair value of the Company&#146;s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 . (dollars in thousands) 

 Fair Value 

 Asset Derivatives designated 

 December 31, 

 as hedging instruments 

 2016 

 2015 

 Balance sheet location 

 Interest rate swaps 

 $ 
 
 2,847 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 Deferred charges, goodwill and other assets 

 Asset Derivatives not designated 

 as hedging instruments 

 Interest rate caps 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 2 

 Deferred charges, goodwill and other assets 

 102 

 Table of Contents 
 
 The table below presents the effect of the Company&#146;s derivative financial instruments on the Income Statement for the years ending December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. (dollars in thousands) 

 Derivatives in Cash Flow 

 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in OCI on Derivative (Effective Portion) 

 Location of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income 

 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income (Effective Portion) 

 Location of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative (Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness 

 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative (Ineffective Portion, Reclassification for Forecasted Transactions No Longer Probable of Occurring and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 

 Hedging Relationships 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 (Effective Portion) 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 Testing) 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 Year ended December 31, 

 Interest rate swaps 

 $ 
 
 1,183 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 Interest expense 

 $ 
 
 3,398 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 Interest and other investment income (loss) 

 $ 
 
 631 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 Credit-risk-related Contingent Features 
 
 The Company has agreements with each of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where the Company could be declared in default on its derivative obligations if repayment of the underlying indebtedness is accelerated by the lender due to the Company&#146;s default on the indebtedness. As of December 31, 2016, the Company did not have any derivatives in a net liability position including accrued interest but excluding any adjustment for nonperformance risk. As of December 31, 2016, the Company has not posted any collateral related to these agreements. 
 
 6. RESTRICTED CASH 
 
 Restricted cash generally includes tenant and resident security deposits for certain of the Company&#146;s properties, and escrow and reserve funds for debt service, real estate taxes, property insurance, capital improvements, tenant improvements, and leasing costs established pursuant to certain mortgage financing arrangements, and is comprised of the following: (dollars in thousands) 

 December 31, 

 2016 

 2015 

 Security deposits 

 $ 
 
 8,778 

 $ 
 
 7,785 

 Escrow and other reserve funds 

 45,174 

 27,558 

 Total restricted cash 

 $ 
 
 53,952 

 $ 
 
 35,343 

 7. SENIOR UNSECURED NOTES 
 
 On September 12, 2016, the Company commenced a tender offer to purchase for cash any and all of its $250 million principal amount, 7.750 percent Senior Unsecured Notes due August 15, 2019 (the &#147;2019 Notes&#148;), subject to certain terms and conditions. On September 19, 2016, the Company purchased approximately $114.9 million principal amount of these notes validly tendered pursuant to its tender offer. The purchase price, including a make-whole premium, was 115.977 percent of the face amount of these notes, plus all accrued and unpaid interest up to the settlement date. The Company funded the purchase price, including accrued and unpaid interest, of approximately $134.1 million using available cash and borrowings on the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 On November 29, 2016, the Company announced that it would redeem for cash all $135.1 million outstanding principal amount of the 2019 Notes. The 2019 Notes were redeemed on December 28, 2016. The redemption price for the 2019 Notes, including a make-whole premium, was 115.314 percent of the principal amount of the 2019 Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest up to the redemption date. The Company funded the redemption price, including accrued and unpaid interest, of approximately $159.7 million using available cash and borrowings from its unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 In connection with the redemption of the 2019 Notes, the Company recorded approximately $40.7 million as a loss from extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
 
 103 

 Table of Contents 
 
 A summary of the Company&#146;s senior unsecured notes as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 is as follows: (dollars in thousands) 

 December 31, 

 December 31, 

 Effective 

 2016 

 2015 

 Rate (1) 

 5.800% Senior Unsecured Notes, due January 15, 2016 (2) 

 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 200,000 

 5.806 
 
 % 

 7.750% Senior Unsecured Notes, due August 15, 2019 (3) 

 &#151; 

 250,000 

 8.017 
 
 % 

 2.500% Senior Unsecured Notes, due December 15, 2017 

 $ 
 
 250,000 

 250,000 

 2.803 
 
 % 

 4.500% Senior Unsecured Notes, due April 18, 2022 

 300,000 

 300,000 

 4.612 
 
 % 

 3.150% Senior Unsecured Notes, due May 15, 2023 

 275,000 

 275,000 

 3.517 
 
 % 

 Principal balance outstanding 

 825,000 

 1,275,000 

 Adjustment for unamortized debt discount 

 (4,430 
 
 ) 
 
 (6,156 
 
 ) 

 Unamortized deferred financing costs 

 (3,215 
 
 ) 
 
 (5,062 
 
 ) 

 Total senior unsecured notes, net 

 $ 
 
 817,355 

 $ 
 
 1,263,782 

 (1) Includes the cost of terminated treasury lock agreements (if any), offering and other transaction costs and the discount/premium on the notes, as applicable. 
 (2) On January 15, 2016, the Company repaid these notes at maturity using proceeds from a new unsecured term loan and borrowings under the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 (3) During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company purchased and redeemed these notes. See summaries above. 
 
 The terms of the Company&#146;s senior unsecured notes include certain restrictions and covenants which require compliance with financial ratios relating to the maximum amount of debt leverage, the maximum amount of secured indebtedness, the minimum amount of debt service coverage and the maximum amount of unsecured debt as a percent of unsecured assets. The Company was in compliance with its debt covenants under the indenture relating to its senior unsecured notes as of December 31, 2016. 
 
 8. UNSECURED REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY AND TERM LOANS 
 
 Before it amended and restated its unsecured revolving credit facility in January 2017, the Company had a $600 million unsecured revolving credit facility with a group of 17 lenders that was scheduled to mature in July 2017. The interest rate on outstanding borrowings (not electing the Company&#146;s competitive bid feature) and the facility fee on the current borrowing capacity payable quarterly in arrears was based upon the Operating Partnership&#146;s unsecured debt ratings at the time, as follows: 

 Operating Partnership&#146;s 

 Interest Rate - 

 Unsecured Debt Ratings: 

 Applicable Basis Points 

 Facility Fee 

 Higher of S&P or Moody&#146;s 

 Above LIBOR 

 Basis Points 

 No ratings or less than BBB-/Baa3 

 170.0 

 35.0 

 BBB- or Baa3 (current through January 2017 amendment) 

 130.0 

 30.0 

 BBB or Baa2 

 110.0 

 20.0 

 BBB+ or Baa1 

 100.0 

 15.0 

 A- or A3 or higher 

 92.5 

 12.5 

 The terms of the unsecured facility through January 2017 included certain restrictions and covenants which limited, among other things the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the incurrence of liens and the disposition of real estate properties (to the extent that: (i) such property dispositions cause the Company to default on any of the financial ratios of the facility described below, or (ii) the property dispositions are completed while the Company is under an event of default under the facility, unless, under certain circumstances, such disposition is being carried out to cure such default), and which require compliance with financial ratios relating to the maximum leverage ratio (60 percent), the maximum amount of secured indebtedness (40 percent), the minimum amount of fixed charge coverage (1.5 times), the maximum amount of unsecured indebtedness (60 percent), the minimum amount of unencumbered property interest coverage (2.0 times) and certain investment limitations (generally 15 percent of total capitalization). If an event of default had occurred and was continuing, the Company would not make any excess distributions except to enable the General Partner to continue to qualify as a REIT under the Code. The Company was in compliance with its debt covenants under its unsecured revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2016 
 
 On January 25, 2017, the Company entered into an amended revolving credit facility and new term loan agreement (&#147;2017 Credit Agreement&#148;) with a group of 13 lenders. Pursuant to the 2017 Credit Agreement, the Company refinanced its existing $600 million unsecured revolving credit facility (&#147;2017 Credit Facility&#148;) and entered into a new $325 million unsecured, delayed-draw term loan facility (&#147;2017 Term Loan&#148;). 
 
 104 

 Table of Contents 
 
 The terms of the 2017 Credit Facility included: (1) a four-year term ending in January 2021, with two six-month extension options; (2) revolving credit loans may be made to the Company in an aggregate principal amount of up to $600 million (subject to increase as discussed below), with a sublimit under the 2017 Credit Facility for the issuance of letters of credit in an amount not to exceed $60 million (subject to increase as discussed below); (3) an interest rate based on the Operating Partnership&#146;s unsecured debt ratings from Moody&#146;s or S&P, currently the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (&#147;LIBOR&#148;) plus 120 basis points, or, at the Operating Partnership&#146;s option, if it no longer maintains a debt rating from Moody&#146;s or S&P or such debt ratings fall below Baa3 and BBB-, based on a defined leverage ratio; and (4) a facility fee payable quarterly based on the Operating Partnership&#146;s unsecured debt ratings from Moody&#146;s or S&P, currently 25 basis points, or, at the Operating Partnership&#146;s option, if it no longer maintains a debt rating from Moody&#146;s or S&P or such debt ratings fall below Baa3 and BBB-, based on a defined leverage ratio. 
 
 The terms of the 2017 Term Loan include: (1) a three-year term ending in January 2020, with two one-year extension options; (2) multiple draws of the term loan commitments may be made within 12 months of the effective date of the 2017 Credit Agreement up to an aggregate principal amount of $325 million (subject to increase as discussed below), with no requirement to be drawn in full; provided, that, if the Company does not borrow at least 50 percent of the initial term commitment from the term lenders (i.e. 50 percent of $325 million) on or before July 25, 2017, the amount of unused term loan commitments shall be reduced on such date so that, after giving effect to such reduction, the amount of unused term loan commitments is not greater than the outstanding term loans on such date; (3) an interest rate based on the Operating Partnership&#146;s unsecured debt ratings from Moody&#146;s or S&P, currently the LIBOR plus 140 basis points, or, at the Operating Partnership&#146;s option if it no longer maintains a debt rating from Moody&#146;s or S&P or such debt ratings fall below Baa3 and BBB-, based on a defined leverage ratio; and (4) a term commitment fee on any unused term loan commitment during the first 12 months after the effective date of the 2017 Credit Agreement at a rate of 0.25 percent per annum on the sum of the average daily unused portion of the aggregate term loan commitments. 
 
 On up to four occasions at any time after the effective date of the 2017 Credit Agreement, the Company may elect to request (1) an increase to the existing revolving credit commitments (any such increase, the &#147;New Revolving Credit Commitments&#148;) and/or (2) the establishment of one or more new term loan commitments (the &#147;New Term Commitments&#148;, together with the 2017 Credit Commitments, the &#147;Incremental Commitments&#148;), by up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $350 million for all Incremental Commitments. The Company may also request that the sublimit for letters of credit available under the 2017 Credit Facility be increased to $100 million (without arranging any New Revolving Credit Commitments). No lender or letter of credit issued has any obligation to accept any Incremental Commitment or any increase to the letter of credit subfacility. There is no premium or penalty associated with full or partial prepayment of borrowings under the 2017 Credit Agreement. 
 
 The 2017 Credit Agreement, which applies to both the 2017 Credit Facility and 2017 Term Loan, includes certain restrictions and covenants which limit, among other things the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the incurrence of liens and the disposition of real estate properties (to the extent that: (i) such property dispositions cause the Company to default on any of the financial ratios of the 2017 Credit Agreement (described below), or (ii) the property dispositions are completed while the Company is under an event of default under the 2017 Credit Agreement, unless, under certain circumstances, such disposition is being carried out to cure such default), and which require compliance with financial ratios relating to the maximum leverage ratio (60 percent), the maximum amount of secured indebtedness (40 percent), the minimum amount of fixed charge coverage (1.5 times), the maximum amount of unsecured indebtedness (60 percent), the minimum amount of unencumbered property interest coverage (2.0 times) and certain investment limitations (generally 15 percent of total capitalization). If an event of default has occurred and is continuing, the entire outstanding balance under the 2017 Credit Agreement may (or, in the case of any bankruptcy event of default, shall) become immediately due and payable, and the Company will not make any excess distributions except to enable the General Partner to continue to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 Through February 24, 2017, the Company had $264 million in outstanding borrowings under the 2017 Credit Facility and no outstanding borrowings under its 2017 Term Loan. 
 
 In January 2016, the Company obtained a $350 million unsecured term loan (&#147;2016 Term Loan&#148;), which matures in January 2019 with two one-year extension options. The interest rate for the term loan is currently 140 basis points over LIBOR, subject to adjustment on a sliding scale based on the Operating Partnership&#146;s unsecured debt ratings, or, at the Company&#146;s option, a defined leverage ratio. The Company entered into interest rate swap arrangements to fix LIBOR for the duration of the term loan. Including costs, the current all-in fixed rate is 3.13 percent. The proceeds from the loan were used primarily to repay outstanding borrowings on the Company&#146;s then existing unsecured revolving credit facility and to repay $200 million senior unsecured notes that matured on January 15, 2016. As of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there was $1.9 million and zero of unamortized deferred financing costs related to this debt. 
 
 105 

 Table of Contents 
 
 The interest rate on the 2016 Term Loan is based upon the Operating Partnership&#146;s unsecured debt ratings, as follows: 

 Operating Partnership&#146;s 

 Interest Rate - 

 Unsecured Debt Ratings: 

 Applicable Basis Points 

 Higher of S&P or Moody&#146;s 

 Above LIBOR 

 No ratings or less than BBB-/Baa3 

 185.0 

 BBB- or Baa3 (current interest rate based on Company&#146;s election) 

 140.0 

 BBB or Baa2 

 115.0 

 BBB+ or Baa1 

 100.0 

 A- or A3 or higher 

 90.0 

 If the Company elected to use the defined leverage ratio, the interest rate under the 2016 Term Loan would be based on the following total leverage ratio grid: 

 Interest Rate - 

 Applicable Basis 

 Total Leverage Ratio 

 Points above LIBOR 

 45% 

 145.0 

 45% and 50% (current ratio) 

 155.0 

 50% and 55% 

 165.0 

 55% 

 195.0 

 The terms of the 2016 Term Loan include certain restrictions and covenants which limit, among other things the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the incurrence of liens and the disposition of real estate properties (to the extent that: (i) such property dispositions cause the Company to default on any of the financial ratios of the term loan described below, or (ii) the property dispositions are completed while the Company is under an event of default under the term loan, unless, under certain circumstances, such disposition is being carried out to cure such default), and which require compliance with financial ratios relating to the maximum leverage ratio (60 percent), the maximum amount of secured indebtedness (40 percent), the minimum amount of fixed charge coverage (1.5 times), the maximum amount of unsecured indebtedness (60 percent), the minimum amount of unencumbered property interest coverage (2.0 times) and certain investment limitations (generally 15 percent of total capitalization). If an event of default has occurred and is continuing, the Company will not make any excess distributions except to enable the General Partner to continue to qualify as a REIT under the Code. The Company was in compliance with its debt covenants under its 2016 Term Loan as of December 31, 2016. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company&#146;s unsecured credit facility and term loans totaled $634.1 million and $155 million, respectively, comprised of: $286 million of outstanding borrowings under its unsecured revolving credit facility and $348.1 from the 2016 Term Loan (net of unamortized deferred financing costs of $1.9 million) as of December 31, 2016; and $155 million of borrowings under its unsecured revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2015. 
 
 9. MORTGAGES, LOANS PAYABLE AND OTHER OBLIGATIONS 
 
 The Company has mortgages, loans payable and other obligations which primarily consist of various loans collateralized by certain of the Company&#146;s rental properties, land and development projects. As of December 31, 2016, 13 of the Company&#146;s properties, with a total carrying value of approximately $970.0 million, and four of the Company&#146;s land and development projects, with a total carrying value of approximately $194.8 million, are encumbered by the Company&#146;s mortgages and loans payable. Payments on mortgages, loans payable and other obligations are generally due in monthly installments of principal and interest, or interest only. Except as noted below, the Company was in compliance with its debt covenants under its mortgages and loans payable as of December 31, 2016. 
 
 106 

 Table of Contents 
 
 A summary of the Company&#146;s mortgages, loans payable and other obligations as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 is as follows: (dollars in thousands) 

 Effective 

 December 31, 

 December 31, 

 Property/Project Name 

 Lender 

 Rate (a) 

 2016 

 2015 

 Maturity 

 Port Imperial South (b) 

 Wells Fargo Bank N.A. 

 LIBOR+1.75 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 34,962 

 &#151; 

 6 Becker, 85 Livingston, 

 75 Livingston & 20 Waterview (c) 

 Wells Fargo CMBS 

 10.260 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 63,279 

 &#151; 

 9200 Edmonston Road (d) 

 Principal Commercial Funding L.L.C. 

 9.780 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 3,793 

 &#151; 

 Various (e) 

 Prudential Insurance 

 6.332 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 143,513 

 &#151; 

 4 Becker (f) 

 Wells Fargo CMBS 

 11.260 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 40,631 

 &#151; 

 100 Walnut Avenue (g) 

 Guardian Life Insurance Co. 

 7.311 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 18,273 

 &#151; 

 150 Main St. (h) 

 Webster Bank 

 LIBOR+2.35 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 26,642 

 10,937 

 03/30/17 

 Curtis Center (i) 

 CCRE & PREFG 

 LIBOR+5.912 
 
 % 
 
 75,000 

 64,000 

 10/09/17 

 23 Main Street 

 JPMorgan CMBS 

 5.587 
 
 % 
 
 27,838 

 28,541 

 09/01/18 

 Port Imperial 4/5 Hotel (j) 

 Fifth Third Bank & Santander 

 LIBOR+4.50 
 
 % 
 
 14,919 

 &#151; 

 10/06/18 

 Harborside Plaza 5 

 The Northwestern Mutual Life 

 6.842 
 
 % 
 
 213,640 

 217,736 

 11/01/18 

 Insurance Co. & New York Life 

 Insurance Co. 

 Chase II (k) 

 Fifth Third Bank 

 LIBOR+2.25 
 
 % 
 
 34,708 

 &#151; 

 12/16/18 

 One River Center (l) 

 Guardian Life Insurance Co. 

 7.311 
 
 % 
 
 41,197 

 41,859 

 02/01/19 

 Park Square 

 Wells Fargo Bank N.A. 

 LIBOR+1.872 
 
 %(m) 
 
 27,500 

 27,500 

 04/10/19 

 250 Johnson 

 M&T Bank 

 LIBOR+2.35 
 
 % 
 
 2,440 

 &#151; 

 05/20/19 

 Port Imperial South 11 (n) 

 JPMorgan Chase 

 LIBOR+2.35 
 
 % 
 
 14,073 

 &#151; 

 11/24/19 

 Port Imperial South 4/5 Retail 

 American General Life & A/G PC 

 4.559 
 
 % 
 
 4,000 

 4,000 

 12/01/21 

 The Chase at Overlook Ridge 

 New York Community Bank 

 3.740 
 
 % 
 
 72,500 

 &#151; 

 02/01/23 

 Portside 7 (o) 

 CBRE Capital Markets/ 

 3.569 
 
 % 
 
 58,998 

 &#151; 

 08/01/23 

 FreddieMac 

 101 Hudson (p) 

 Wells Fargo CMBS 

 3.197 
 
 %(q) 
 
 250,000 

 &#151; 

 10/11/26 

 Port Imperial South 4/5 Garage 

 American General Life & A/G PC 

 4.853 
 
 % 
 
 32,600 

 32,600 

 12/01/29 

 Principal balance outstanding 

 896,055 

 731,624 

 Adjustment for unamortized debt discount 

 &#151; 

 (548 
 
 ) 

 Unamortized deferred financing costs 

 (7,470 
 
 ) 
 
 (4,465 
 
 ) 

 Total mortgages, loans payable and other obligations, net 

 $ 
 
 888,585 

 $ 
 
 726,611 

 (a) 
 
 Reflects effective rate of debt, including deferred financing costs, comprised of the cost of terminated treasury lock agreements (if any), debt initiation costs, mark-to-market adjustment of acquired debt and other transaction costs, as applicable. 

 (b) 
 
 On January 19, 2016, the loan was repaid in full at maturity, using borrowings from the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. 

 (c) 
 
 On April 22, 2016, the loan was repaid at a discount for $51.5 million, using borrowings from the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. Accordingly, the Company recognized a gain on extinguishment of debt of $12.4 million, which is included in loss on extinguishment of debt, net. 

 (d) 
 
 On May 5, 2016, the Company transferred the deed for 9200 Edmonston Road to the lender in satisfaction of its obligations and recorded a gain of $0.2 million. 

 (e) 
 
 On November 16, 2016, the loan was repaid in full, using borrowings from the Company&#146;s unsecured revolving credit facility. 

 (f) 
 
 On December 5, 2016, the Company transferred the deed for 4 Becker Farm Road to the lender in satisfaction of its obligations and recorded a gain of $10.4 million. 

 (g) 
 
 On December 22, 2016, the loan was repaid at a premium, using proceeds from the disposition of 100 Walnut Avenue. Accordingly, the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $2.3 million, which is included in loss on extinguishment of debt, net. 

 (h) 
 
 This construction loan has a maximum borrowing capacity of $28.8 million. 

 (i) 
 
 The Company owns a 50 percent tenants-in-common interest in the Curtis Center property. The Company&#146;s $75 million loan consists of its 50 percent interest in a $102 million senior loan with a current rate of 3.998 percent at December 31, 2016 and its 50 percent interest in a $48 million mezzanine loan with a current rate of 10.204 percent at December 31, 2016. The senior loan rate is based on a floating rate of one-month LIBOR plus 329 basis points and the mezzanine loan rate is based on a floating rate of one-month LIBOR plus 950 basis points. The Company has entered into LIBOR caps for the periods of the loans. In October 2016, the first of three one-year extension options was exercised by the venture. 

 (j) 
 
 This construction loan has a maximum borrowing capacity of $94 million. 

 (k) 
 
 This construction loan has a maximum borrowing capacity of $48 million. 

 (l) 
 
 Mortgage is collateralized by the three properties comprising One River Center. 

 (m) 
 
 The effective interest rate includes amortization of deferred financing costs of 0.122 percent. 

 (n) 
 
 This constuction loan has a maximum borrowing capacity of $78 million. 

 (o) 
 
 This mortgage loan was obtained by the Company in July 2016 to replace a $42.5 million mortgage loan that was in place at the property acquisition date of April 1, 2016. 

 (p) 
 
 This mortgage loan was obtained by the Company on September 30, 2016. 

 (q) 
 
 The effective interest rate includes amortization of deferred financing costs of 0.0798 percent. 
 
 107 

 Table of Contents 
 
 SCHEDULED PRINCIPAL PAYMENTS 
 
 Scheduled principal payments for the Company&#146;s senior unsecured notes (see Note 7), unsecured revolving credit facility and term loan (see Note 8) and mortgages, loans payable and other obligations as of December 31, 2016 are as follows: (dollars in thousands) 

 Scheduled 

 Principal 

 Period 

 Amortization 

 Maturities 

 Total 

 2017 

 $ 
 
 6,776 

 $ 
 
 637,643 

 $ 
 
 644,419 

 2018 

 6,977 

 281,163 

 288,140 

 2019 

 1,912 

 430,799 

 432,711 

 2020 

 1,977 

 &#151; 

 1,977 

 2021 

 2,050 

 3,800 

 5,850 

 Thereafter 

 6,813 

 977,145 

 983,958 

 Sub-total 

 26,505 

 2,330,550 

 2,357,055 

 Adjustment for unamortized debt discount/premium, net December 31, 2016 

 (4,430 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (4,430 
 
 ) 

 Unamortized deferred financing costs 

 (12,616 
 
 ) 

 (12,616 
 
 ) 

 Totals/Weighted Average 

 $ 
 
 9,459 

 $ 
 
 2,330,550 

 $ 
 
 2,340,009 

 CASH PAID FOR INTEREST AND INTEREST CAPITALIZED 
 
 Cash paid for interest for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $122,414,000, $115,123,000 and $119,664,000, respectively. Interest capitalized by the Company for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $19,316,000, $16,217,000, and $15,470,000, respectively (of which these amounts included $5,055,000, $5,325,000 and $4,646,000 for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, of interest capitalized on the Company&#146;s investments in unconsolidated joint ventures which were substantially in development). 
 
 SUMMARY OF INDEBTEDNESS 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Company&#146;s total indebtedness of $2,357,055,000 (weighted average interest rate of 3.79 percent) was comprised of $481,282,000 of unsecured revolving credit facility borrowings and other variable rate mortgage debt (weighted average rate of 2.93 percent) and fixed rate debt and other obligations of $1,875,773,000 (weighted average rate of 4.01 percent). 
 
 As of December 31, 2015, the Company&#146;s total indebtedness of $2,154,920,000 (weighted average interest rate of 5.22 percent) was comprised of $292,399,000 of unsecured revolving credit facility borrowings and other variable rate mortgage debt (weighted average rate of 2.81 percent) and fixed rate debt and other obligations of $1,862,521,000 (weighted average rate of 5.60 percent). 
 
 10. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT 401(k) PLANS AND DEFERRED RETIREMENT COMPENSATION AGREEMENTS 
 
 Employees of the General Partner, who meet certain minimum age and service requirements, are eligible to participate in the Mack-Cali Realty Corporation 401(k) Savings/Retirement Plan (the &#147;401(k) Plan&#148;). Eligible employees may elect to defer from one percent up to 60 percent of their annual compensation on a pre-tax basis to the 401(k) Plan, subject to certain limitations imposed by federal law. The amounts contributed by employees are immediately vested and non-forfeitable. The Company may make discretionary matching or profit sharing contributions to the 401(k) Plan on behalf of eligible participants in any plan year. Participants are always 100 percent vested in their pre-tax contributions and will begin vesting in any matching or profit sharing contributions made on their behalf after two years of service with the Company at a rate of 20 percent per year, becoming 100 percent vested after a total of six years of service with the Company. All contributions are allocated as a percentage of compensation of the eligible participants for the Plan year. The assets of the 401(k) Plan are held in trust and a separate account is established for each participant. A participant may receive a distribution of his or her vested account balance in the 401(k) Plan in a single sum or in installment payments upon his or her termination of service with the Company. Total expense recognized by the Company for the 401(k) Plan for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $1,029,000, $970,000 and zero, respectively. 
 
 On September 12, 2012, the Board of Directors of the Company approved multi-year deferred retirement compensation agreements for those executive officers in place on such date (the &#147;Deferred Retirement Compensation Agreements&#148;). Pursuant to the Deferred Retirement Compensation Agreements, the Company was to make annual contributions of stock units (&#147;Stock Units&#148;) representing shares of the General Partner&#146;s common stock on January 1 of each year from 2013 through 2017 into a deferred compensation account maintained on behalf of each participating executive. Vesting of each annual contribution of Stock Units was to occur on December 31 of each year, subject to continued employment. In connection with the separation from service to the General Partner of certain executive officers effective March 31, 2014, the Company agreed to make cash payments totaling $1.2 million for all vested 
 
 108 

 Table of Contents 
 
 and unvested Stock Units and future cash contributions pursuant to the Deferred Retirement Compensation Agreements. In connection with the separation from service to the General Partner of its former president and chief executive officer effective June 30, 2015, the Company agreed to make cash payments of $2.3 million on the separation date for all vested and unvested Stock Units and future cash contributions pursuant to his Deferred Retirement Compensation Agreement. Total expense recognized by the Company under the Deferred Retirement Compensation Agreements for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was zero, zero and $2,957,000, respectively. 
 
 11. DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
 
 The following disclosure of estimated fair value was determined by management using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. However, considerable judgment is necessary to interpret market data and develop estimated fair value. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company could realize on disposition of the assets and liabilities at December 31, 2016 and 2015. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. 
 
 Cash equivalents, receivables, notes receivables, accounts payable, and accrued expenses and other liabilities are carried at amounts which reasonably approximate their fair values as of December 31, 2016 and 2015. 
 
 The fair value of the Company&#146;s long-term debt, consisting of senior unsecured notes, an unsecured term loan, an unsecured revolving credit facility and mortgages, loans payable and other obligations aggregated approximately $2,308,488,000 and $2,150,507,000 as compared to the book value of approximately $2,340,009,000 and $2,145,393,000 as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The fair value of the Company&#146;s long-term debt was categorized as a level 3 basis (as provided by ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures). The fair value was estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis valuation based on the borrowing rates currently available to the Company for loans with similar terms and maturities. The fair value of the mortgage debt and the unsecured notes was determined by discounting the future contractual interest and principal payments by a market rate. Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivative financial instruments fall within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivative financial instruments utilize level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. The Company has assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of its derivative financial instruments. As a result, the Company has determined that its derivative financial instruments valuations in their entirety are classified in level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The fair value measurements used in the evaluation of the Company&#146;s rental properties are considered to be Level 3 valuations within the fair value hierarchy, as there are significant unobservable inputs. Examples of inputs that were utilized in the fair value calculations include estimated holding periods, discount rates, market capitalization rates, expected lease rental rates, and third party broker information. The valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used for the Company&#146;s Level 3 fair value measurements at December 31, 2015 were as follows: 

 Fair Value at 

 Primary 

 December 31, 

 Valuation 

 Unobservable 

 Location 

 Range of 

 Description 

 2015 

 Techniques 

 Inputs 

 Type 

 Rates 

 Properties held and used on which the Company recognized impairment losses 

 $ 
 
 404,863,000 

 Discounted cash flows 

 Discount rate 

 Suburban 

 8% - 15% 

 Central Business District 

 6% - 8% 

 Exit Capitalization rate 

 Suburban 

 7.5% - 9% 

 Central Business District 

 4.6% - 5.75% 

 Valuations of rental property identified as held for sale are based on sale prices, net of estimated selling costs, of such property, based on signed sale agreements. 
 
 Disclosure about fair value of assets and liabilities is based on pertinent information available to management as of December 31, 2016 and 2015. Although management is not aware of any factors that would significantly affect the fair value amounts, such amounts have not been comprehensively revalued for purposes of these financial statements since December 31, 2016 and current estimates of fair value may differ significantly from the amounts presented herein. 
 
 109 

 Table of Contents 
 
 12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 
 TAX ABATEMENT AGREEMENTS 
 
 Pursuant to agreements with certain municipalities, the Company is required to make payments in lieu of property taxes (&#147;PILOT&#148;) on certain of its properties and has tax abatement agreements on other properties, as follows: 
 
 The Harborside Plaza 4-A agreement with the City of Jersey City, as amended, which commenced in 2002, is for a term of 20 years. The annual PILOT is equal to two percent of Total Project Costs, as defined. Total Project Costs are $49.5 million. The PILOT totaled $1.1 million, $990,000 and $990,000 for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 
 
 The Harborside Plaza 5 agreement, also with the City of Jersey City, as amended, which commenced in 2002, is for a term of 20 years. The annual PILOT is equal to two percent of Total Project Costs, as defined. Total Project Costs are $170.9 million. The PILOT totaled $3.9 million, $3.4 million and $3.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 
 
 The Port Imperial 4/5 Garage development project agreement with the City of Weehawken has a term of five years beginning when the project is substantially complete, which occurred in the third quarter of 2013. The agreement provides that real estate taxes be paid initially on the land value of the project only and allows for a phase in of real estate taxes on the value of the improvements at zero percent year one and 80 percent in years two through five. 
 
 The Port Imperial South 1/3 Garage development project agreement with the City of Weehawken has a term of five years beginning when the project is substantially complete, which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2015. The agreement provides that real estate taxes be paid at 100 percent on the land value of the project only over the five year period and allows for a phase in of real estate taxes on the building improvement value at zero percent in year one and 95 percent in years two through five. 
 
 The Port Imperial Hotel development project agreement with the City of Weehawken is for a term of 15 years following substantial completion, which is anticipated to be in the first quarter 2018. The annual PILOT is equal to two percent of Total Project Costs, as defined. 
 
 The Port Imperial South 11 development project agreement with the City of Weehawken is for a term of 15 years following substantial completion, which is anticipated to be in the first quarter 2018. The annual PILOT is equal to 10 percent of Gross Revenues, as defined. 
 
 The 111 River Realty agreement with the City of Hoboken, which commenced on October 1, 2001 expires in April 2022. The PILOT payment equals $1,227,708 annually through April 2017 and then increases to $1,406,064 annually until expiration. The PILOT totaled $613,900 for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
 
 At the conclusion of the above-referenced agreements, it is expected that the properties will be assessed by the municipality and be subject to real estate taxes at the then prevailing rates. 
 
 LITIGATION 
 
 The Company is a defendant in litigation arising in the normal course of its business activities. Management does not believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters will have a materially adverse effect upon the Company&#146;s financial condition taken as whole. 
 
 GROUND LEASE AGREEMENTS 
 
 Future minimum rental payments under the terms of all non-cancelable ground leases under which the Company is the lessee, as of December 31, 2016, are as follows: (dollars in thousands) 

 Year 

 Amount 

 2017 

 $ 
 
 2,024 

 2018 

 1,989 

 2019 

 1,999 

 2020 

 2,015 

 2021 

 2,015 

 2022 through 2084 

 170,249 

 Total 

 $ 
 
 180,291 

 110 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Ground lease expense incurred by the Company during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 amounted to $1.5 million, $406,000 and $406,000, respectively. 
 
 CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS 
 
 In 2014, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Ironstate Harborside-A LLC to form Harborside Unit A Urban Renewal, L.L.C. that is developing a high-rise tower of approximately 763 multi-family apartment units above a parking pedestal at the Company&#146;s Harborside complex in Jersey City, New Jersey. The Company owns an 85 percent interest in the joint venture with shared control over major decisions. The construction of the project, which is projected to be ready for occupancy by first quarter 2017, is estimated to cost $320 million (of which development costs of $301.1 million have been incurred by the venture through December 31, 2016). The venture has a construction/permanent loan with a maximum borrowing amount of $192 million (with $155.2 million outstanding as of December 31, 2016). The Company does not expect to fund any future development costs of the project, as future development costs will be funded by using the loan financing. 
 
 In 2015, the Company commenced development of a two-phase multi-family development of the CitySquare project in Worcester, Massachusetts. The first phase, with 237 units, is under construction with anticipated initial deliveries in the fourth quarter 2017. The second phase, with 128 units, started construction in the third quarter 2016 with anticipated initial deliveries in the third quarter 2018. Total development costs for both phases are estimated to be $92 million with development costs of $34.5 million incurred through December 31, 2016. The Company has a construction loan with a maximum borrowing amount of $58 million (with no outstanding balance as of December 31, 2016). The Company does not expect to fund additional costs for the completion of the project as future development costs will be funded by using the loan financings. 
 
 In 2015, the Company entered into a 90-percent owned joint venture with XS Port Imperial Hotel, LLC to form XS Hotel Urban Renewal Associates LLC, which is developing a 372-key hotel in Weehawken, New Jersey. The construction of the project is estimated to cost $129.6 million, with development costs of $55.8 million incurred by the venture through December 31, 2016. The venture has a $94 million construction loan (with $14.9 million outstanding as of December 31, 2016). The Company does not expect to fund additional costs for the completion of the project as future costs will be funded by using the loan financing. 
 
 In 2016, the Company commenced the repurposing of a former office property site in Morris Plains, New Jersey into a 197-unit multi-family development project. The project, which is estimated to cost $58.7 million of which development costs of $18.6 million have been incurred through December 31, 2016, is expected to be ready for occupancy by the fourth quarter of 2017. The project costs are expected to be funded primarily from a $42 million construction loan. 
 
 In 2016, the Company started construction of a 296-unit multi-family project in East Boston, Massachusetts. The project is expected to be ready for occupancy by second quarter 2018 and is estimated to cost $111.4 million. The project costs are expected to be funded primarily from a $73 million construction loan. The Company expects to fund $38.4 million for the development of the project, of which the Company has funded $35.3 million as of December 31, 2016. 
 
 The Company is developing a 295-unit multi-family project in Weehawken, New Jersey, which began construction in first quarter 2016. The project, which is expected to be ready for occupancy by first quarter 2018, is estimated to cost $124 million (of which development costs of $42 million have been incurred through December 31, 2016). The project costs are expected to be funded primarily from a $78 million construction loan. The Company expects to fund $46 million for the development of the project, of which the Company has funded $27.9 million as of December 31, 2016. 
 
 The Company is developing a 310-unit multi-family project in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania, which began construction in third quarter 2016 with anticipated initial occupancy in fourth quarter 2018. The project is estimated to cost $89.4 million (of which development costs of $21.7 million have been incurred through December 31, 2016). The project costs are expected to be funded primarily from a $54 million construction loan and the balance of $35.4 million from the Company. 
 
 OTHER 
 
 Through February 2016, the Company could not dispose of or distribute certain of its properties, which were originally contributed by certain unrelated common unitholders, without the express written consent of such common unitholders, as applicable, except in a manner which did not result in recognition of any built-in-gain (which may result in an income tax liability) or which reimbursed the appropriate specific common unitholders for the tax consequences of the recognition of such built-in-gains (collectively, the &#147;Property Lock-Ups&#148;). The aforementioned restrictions did not apply in the event that the Company sold all of its properties or in connection with a sale transaction which the General Partner&#146;s Board of Directors determined was reasonably necessary to satisfy a material monetary default on any unsecured debt, judgment or liability of the Company or to cure any material monetary default on any mortgage secured by a property. The Property Lock-Ups expired in 2016. Upon the expiration of the Property Lock-Ups, the Company is generally required to use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent any sale, transfer or other disposition of the subject 
 
 111 

 Table of Contents 
 
 properties from resulting in the recognition of built-in gain to the specific common unitholders, which include members of the Mack Group (which includes William L. Mack, Chairman of the General Partner&#146;s Board of Directors; David S. Mack, director; and Earle I. Mack, a former director), the Robert Martin Group (which includes Robert F. Weinberg, a former director and current member of the General Partner&#146;s Advisory Board), and the Cali Group (which includes John R. Cali, a former director and current member of the General Partner&#146;s Advisory Board). 107 of the Company&#146;s properties, with an aggregate net book value of approximately $1.2 billion, have lapsed restrictions and are subject to these conditions. 
 
 13. TENANT LEASES 
 
 The Properties are leased to tenants under operating leases with various expiration dates through 2035. Substantially all of the commercial leases provide for annual base rents plus recoveries and escalation charges based upon the tenant&#146;s proportionate share of and/or increases in real estate taxes and certain operating costs, as defined, and the pass-through of charges for electrical usage. 
 
 Future minimum rentals to be received under non-cancelable commercial operating leases at December 31, 2016 are as follows (dollars in thousands) : 

 Year 

 Amount 

 2017 

 $ 
 
 405,978 

 2018 

 355,347 

 2019 

 301,414 

 2020 

 257,365 

 2021 

 225,052 

 2022 and thereafter 

 959,213 

 Total 

 $ 
 
 2,504,369 

 Multi-family rental property residential leases are excluded from the above table as they generally expire within one year. 
 
 14. MACK-CALI REALTY CORPORATION STOCKHOLDERS&#146; EQUITY AND MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P.&#146;S PARTNERS&#146; CAPITAL 
 
 To maintain its qualification as a REIT, not more than 50 percent in value of the outstanding shares of the General Partner may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of any taxable year of the General Partner, other than its initial taxable year (defined to include certain entities), applying certain constructive ownership rules. To help ensure that the General Partner will not fail this test, the General Partner&#146;s Charter provides, among other things, certain restrictions on the transfer of common stock to prevent further concentration of stock ownership. Moreover, to evidence compliance with these requirements, the General Partner must maintain records that disclose the actual ownership of its outstanding common stock and demands written statements each year from the holders of record of designated percentages of its common stock requesting the disclosure of the beneficial owners of such common stock. 
 
 Partners&#146; Capital in the accompanying consolidated financial statements relates to (a) General Partners&#146; capital consisting of common units in the Operating Partnership held by the General Partner, and (b) Limited Partners&#146; capital consisting of common units and LTIP Units held by the limited partners. See Note 15: Noncontrolling interests in Subsidiaries. 
 
 Any transactions resulting in the issuance of additional common and preferred stock of the General Partner result in a corresponding issuance by the Operating Partnership of an equivalent amount of common and preferred units to the General Partner. 
 
 SHARE/UNIT REPURCHASE PROGRAM 
 
 In September 2012, the Board of Directors of the General Partner renewed and authorized an increase to the General Partner&#146;s repurchase program (&#147;Repurchase Program&#148;). The General Partner has authorization to repurchase up to $150 million of its outstanding common stock under the renewed Repurchase Program, which it may repurchase from time to time in open market transactions at prevailing prices or through privately negotiated transactions. The General Partner has purchased and retired 394,625 shares of its outstanding common stock for an aggregate cost of approximately $11 million (all of which occurred in the year ended December 31, 2012), with a remaining authorization under the Repurchase Program of $139 million. Concurrent with these purchases, the General Partner sold to the Operating Partnership common units for approximately $11 million. 
 
 112 

 Table of Contents 
 
 DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT AND STOCK PURCHASE PLAN 
 
 The General Partner has a Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (the &#147;DRIP&#148;) which commenced in March 1999 under which approximately 5.5 million shares of the General Partner&#146;s common stock have been reserved for future issuance. The DRIP provides for automatic reinvestment of all or a portion of a participant&#146;s dividends from the General Partner&#146;s shares of common stock. The DRIP also permits participants to make optional cash investments up to $5,000 a month without restriction and, if the Company waives this limit, for additional amounts subject to certain restrictions and other conditions set forth in the DRIP prospectus filed as part of the Company&#146;s effective registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC for the approximately 5.5 million shares of the General Partner&#146;s common stock reserved for issuance under the DRIP. 
 
 STOCK OPTION PLANS 
 
 In May 2013, the General Partner established the 2013 Incentive Stock Plan (the &#147;2013 Plan&#148;) under which a total of 4,600,000 shares have been reserved for issuance. 
 
 On June 5, 2015, in connection with employment agreements entered into with each of Messrs. Rudin and DeMarco (together the &#147;Executive Employment Agreements&#148;), the Company granted options to purchase a total of 800,000 shares of the General Partner&#146;s common stock, exercisable for a period of ten years with an exercise price equal to the closing price of the General Partner&#146;s common stock on the grant date of $17.31 per share, with 400,000 of such options vesting in three equal annual installments commencing on the first anniversary of the grant date (&#147;Time Vesting Options&#148;), and 400,000 of such options vesting if the General Partner&#146;s common stock trades at or above $25.00 per share for 30 consecutive trading days while the executive is employed (&#147;Price Vesting Options&#148;), or on or before June 30, 2019, subject to certain conditions. The Price Vesting Options vested on July 5, 2016 on account of the price vesting condition being achieved. 
 
 All currently outstanding stock options were granted under the 2013 plan. 
 
 Information regarding the Company&#146;s stock option plans is summarized below: 

 Weighted 

 Aggregate 

 Average 

 Intrinsic 

 Shares 

 Exercise 

 Value 

 Under Options 

 Price 

 $(000&#146;s) 

 Outstanding at January 1, 2014 

 15,000 

 $ 
 
 40.54 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 Granted 

 5,000 

 21.25 

 Lapsed or Cancelled 

 (10,000 
 
 ) 
 
 38.07 

 Outstanding at December 31, 2014 ($21.25 &#150; $45.47) 

 10,000 

 $ 
 
 33.36 

 &#151; 

 Granted 

 800,000 

 17.31 

 Lapsed or Cancelled 

 (5,000 
 
 ) 
 
 45.47 

 Outstanding at December 31, 2015 ($17.31 - $21.25) 

 805,000 

 $ 
 
 17.33 

 4,843 

 Lapsed or Cancelled 

 (5,000 
 
 ) 
 
 21.25 

 Outstanding at December 31, 2016 ($17.31) 

 800,000 

 $ 
 
 17.31 

 $ 
 
 9,368 

 Options exercisable at December 31, 2016 

 533,334 

 Available for grant at December 31, 2016 

 2,695,978 

 The weighted average fair value of options granted during the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $3.06 and $1.71 per option, respectively. The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model for Time Vesting Options granted during the year ended December 31, 2015 and for options granted during the year ended December 31, 2014 and the Monte Carlo method for Price Vesting Options granted during the year ended December 31, 2015. The following weighted average assumptions are included in the Company&#146;s fair value calculations of stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014: 

 2015 

 2014 

 Time Vesting 

 Price Vesting 

 Stock 

 Options 

 Options 

 Options 

 Expected life (in years) 

 6.0 

 5.8 

 6.0 

 Risk-free interest rate 

 2.04 
 
 % 
 
 1.96 
 
 % 
 
 1.50 
 
 % 

 Volatility 

 29.0 
 
 % 
 
 29.0 
 
 % 
 
 20.26 
 
 % 

 Dividend yield 

 3.5 
 
 % 
 
 3.5 
 
 % 
 
 5.65 
 
 % 
 
 There were no stock options exercised under any stock option plans for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. The Company has a policy of issuing new shares to satisfy stock option exercises. 
 
 113 

 Table of Contents 
 
 As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the stock options outstanding had a weighted average remaining contractual life of approximately 8.4 years and 9.4 years, respectively. 
 
 The Company recognized stock options expense of $1,407,000, $432,000 and $4,000 for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS 
 
 The Company has issued stock awards (&#147;Restricted Stock Awards&#148;) to officers, certain other employees, and non-employee members of the Board of Directors of the General Partner, which allow the holders to each receive a certain amount of shares of the General Partner&#146;s common stock generally over a one to seven-year vesting period, of which 120,245 unvested shares were legally outstanding at December 31, 2016. Vesting of the Restricted Stock Awards issued to executive officers and certain other employees is based on time and service. 
 
 On June 5, 2015, in connection with the Executive Employment Agreements, the Company granted a total of 37,550.54 Restricted Stock Awards, which were valued in accordance with ASC 718 &#151; Stock Compensation, at their fair value. These awards vest equally over a three-year period on each annual anniversary date of the grant date. 
 
 All currently outstanding and unvested Restricted Stock Awards provided to the officers, certain other employees, and members of the Board of Directors of the General Partner were issued under the 2013 Plan. 
 
 Information regarding the Restricted Stock Awards grant activity is summarized below: 

 Weighted-Average 

 Grant &#150; Date 

 Shares 

 Fair Value 

 Outstanding at January 1, 2014 

 153,560 

 $ 
 
 25.20 

 Granted (a) (b) (c) 

 376,719 

 20.04 

 Vested 

 (183,214 
 
 ) 
 
 22.37 

 Forfeited 

 (119 
 
 ) 
 
 26.36 

 Outstanding at December 31, 2014 

 346,946 

 $ 
 
 21.09 

 Granted (d) 

 41,337 

 17.51 

 Vested 

 (250,132 
 
 ) 
 
 21.44 

 Forfeited 

 (1,931 
 
 ) 
 
 20.31 

 Outstanding at December 31, 2015 

 136,220 

 $ 
 
 19.36 

 Granted 

 74,622 

 23.79 

 Vested 

 (61,654 
 
 ) 
 
 18.94 

 Forfeited 

 (3,910 
 
 ) 
 
 21.58 

 Outstanding at December 31, 2016 

 145,278 

 $ 
 
 21.76 

 (a) Included in the 376,719 Restricted Stock Awards granted in 2014 were 8,211 awards granted to the Company&#146;s two executive officers, Anthony Krug and Gary Wagner. 
 (b) Includes 42,000 Performance Shares which were legally granted in 2013 for which the 2014 performance goals were set by the Committee on March 31, 2014. Also includes 87,734 shares which were additionally considered granted for accounting purposes to two executive officers in connection with their departure effective March 31, 2014, which vested on April 1, 2014. 
 (c) Includes 126,000 Performance Shares which were legally granted in 2013 for which future performance goals had not yet been set by the Committee. These awards were not considered granted for accounting purposes until these goals are set. These were considered granted in 2014 for accounting purposes in connection with the announcement of the departure of Mitchell E. Hersh in the fourth quarter 2014. 
 (d) Included in the 41,337 Restricted Stock Awards granted in 2015 were 37,551 awards granted to the Company&#146;s two executive officers, Mitchell E. Rudin and Michael J. DeMarco. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had $1.1 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested Restricted Stock Awards granted under the Company&#146;s stock compensation plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.4 years. 
 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE UNITS 
 
 On June 5, 2015, in connection with the Executive Employment Agreements, the Company granted a total of 112,651.64 performance share units (&#147;PSUs&#148;) which will vest from 0 to 150 percent of the number of PSUs granted based on the Company&#146;s total shareholder return relative to a peer group of equity office REITs over a three-year performance period starting from the grant date, each PSU evidencing the right to receive a share of the Company&#146;s common stock upon vesting. The PSUs are also entitled to the payment of dividend equivalents in respect of vested PSUs in the form of additional PSUs. The PSUs were valued in accordance with ASC 718, 
 
 114 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Compensation - Stock Compensation, at their fair value on the grant date, utilizing a Monte-Carlo simulation to estimate the probability of the vesting conditions being satisfied. 
 
 The Company has reserved shares of common stock under the 2013 Plan for issuance upon vesting of the PSUs in accordance with their terms and conditions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had $0.7 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested PSUs granted under the Company&#146;s stock compensation plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.4 years. 
 
 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN AWARDS 
 
 On March 8, 2016, the Company granted Long-Term Incentive Plan (&#147;LTIP&#148;) awards to senior management of the Company, including all of the Company&#146;s executive officers (the &#147;2016 LTIP Awards&#148;). All of the 2016 LTIP Awards were in the form of units in the Operating Partnership (&#147;LTIP Units&#148;) and constitute awards under the 2013 Plan. For Messrs. Rudin, DeMarco and Tycher, approximately 25 percent of the target 2016 LTIP Award was in the form of a time-based award that will vest after three years on March 8, 2019 (the &#147;2016 TBV LTIP Units&#148;), and the remaining approximately 75 percent of the target 2016 LTIP Award was in the form of a performance-based award under a new Outperformance Plan (the &#147;2016 OPP&#148;) adopted by the Company&#146;s Board of Directors consisting of a multi-year, performance-based equity compensation plan and related forms of award agreement (the &#147;2016 PBV LTIP Units&#148;). For all other executive officers, approximately 40 percent of the target 2016 LTIP Award was in the form of 2016 TBV LTIP Units and the remaining approximately 60 percent of the target 2016 LTIP Award was in the form of 2016 PBV LTIP Units. 
 
 The 2016 OPP is designed to align the interests of senior management to relative and absolute performance of the Company over a three-year performance period from March 8, 2016 through March 7, 2019. The senior management team that received 2016 LTIP Awards includes the Company&#146;s eight executive officers. Participants in the 2016 OPP will only earn the full awards if, over the three-year performance period, the Company achieves a 50 percent absolute total stockholder return (&#147;TSR&#148;) and if the Company is in the 75th percentile of performance versus the NAREIT Office Index. 
 
 LTIP Units will remain subject to forfeiture depending on the extent that the 2016 LTIP Awards vest. The number of LTIP Units to be issued initially to recipients of the 2016 PBV LTIP Awards is the maximum number of LTIP Units that may be earned under the awards. The number of LTIP Units that actually vest for each award recipient will be determined at the end of the performance measurement period. TSR for the Company and for the Index over the three-year measurement period and other circumstances will determine how many LTIP Units vest for each recipient; if they are fewer than the number issued initially, the balance will be forfeited as of the performance measurement date. 
 
 Prior to vesting, recipients of LTIP Units will be entitled to receive per unit distributions equal to one-tenth (10 percent) of the regular quarterly distributions payable on a common unit of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership (a &#147;common unit&#148;), but will not be entitled to receive any special distributions. Distributions with respect to the other nine-tenths (90 percent) of regular quarterly distributions payable on a common unit will accrue but shall only become payable upon vesting of the LTIP Unit. After vesting of the 2016 TBV LTIP Units or the end of the measurement period for the 2016 PBV LTIP Units, the number of LTIP Units, both vested and unvested, will be entitled to receive distributions in an amount per unit equal to distributions, both regular and special, payable on a common unit. 
 
 The Company granted a total of 499,756 PBV LTIP Units and 157,617 TBV LTIP Units. The LTIP Units were valued in accordance with ASC 718 &#151; Stock Compensation, at their fair value. The Company has reserved shares of common stock under the 2013 Plan for issuance upon vesting and conversion of the LTIP Units in accordance with their terms and conditions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had $6.7 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested 2016 LTIP Awards granted under the Company&#146;s stock compensation plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.7 years. 
 
 DEFERRED STOCK COMPENSATION PLAN FOR DIRECTORS 
 
 The Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, which commenced January 1, 1999, allows non-employee directors of the Company to elect to defer up to 100 percent of their annual retainer fee into deferred stock units. The deferred stock units are convertible into an equal number of shares of common stock upon the directors&#146; termination of service from the Board of Directors or a change in control of the Company, as defined in the plan. Deferred stock units are credited to each director quarterly using the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the applicable dividend record date for the respective quarter. Each participating director&#146;s account is also credited for an equivalent amount of deferred stock units based on the dividend rate for each quarter. 
 
 115 

 Table of Contents 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, 14,274, 19,702 and 20,261 deferred stock units were earned, respectively. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, there were 193,711 and 178,039 deferred stock units outstanding, respectively. 
 
 EARNINGS PER SHARE/UNIT 
 
 Basic EPS or EPU excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders or unitholders by the weighted average number of shares or units outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS or EPU reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. 
 
 The following information presents the Company&#146;s results for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings Per Share: (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Computation of Basic EPS 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 Net income (loss) 

 $ 
 
 130,294 

 $ 
 
 (142,052 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 31,391 

 Add: Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 

 651 

 1,044 

 778 

 Add (deduct): Noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership 

 (13,721 
 
 ) 
 
 15,256 

 (3,602 
 
 ) 

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

 $ 
 
 117,224 

 $ 
 
 (125,752 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 28,567 

 Weighted average common shares 

 89,746 

 89,291 

 88,727 

 Basic EPS : 

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

 $ 
 
 1.31 

 $ 
 
 (1.41 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.32 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Computation of Diluted EPS 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

 $ 
 
 117,224 

 $ 
 
 (125,752 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 28,567 

 Add (deduct): Noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership 

 13,721 

 (15,256 
 
 ) 
 
 3,602 

 Net income (loss) for diluted earnings per share 

 $ 
 
 130,945 

 $ 
 
 (141,008 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 32,169 

 Weighted average common shares 

 100,498 

 100,222 

 100,041 

 Diluted EPS : 

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

 $ 
 
 1.30 

 $ 
 
 (1.41 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.32 

 The following schedule reconciles the weighted average shares used in the basic EPS calculation to the shares used in the diluted EPS calculation: 
 
 (in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 Basic EPS shares 

 89,746 

 89,291 

 88,727 

 Add: Operating Partnership &#150; common units 

 10,499 

 10,931 

 11,272 

 Restricted Stock Awards 

 43 

 &#151; 

 42 

 Stock Options 

 210 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Diluted EPS Shares 

 100,498 

 100,222 

 100,041 

 Contingently issuable shares under the PSU awards were excluded from the denominator in 2016 and 2015 because the criteria had not been met for the periods. Contingently issuable shares under Price Vesting Options were excluded from the denominator in 2015 because the criteria had not been met for the period. Not included in the computations of diluted EPS were zero, 405,000 and 10,000 stock options as such securities were anti-dilutive during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Also not included in the computations of diluted EPS were all of the LTIP units as such securities were anti-dilutive during the periods. Unvested restricted stock outstanding as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were 120,245, 98,669 and 136,946 shares, respectively. 
 
 Dividends declared per common share for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $0.60, $0.60 and $0.75 per share, respectively. 
 
 116 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Mack-Cali Realty, L.P.: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Computation of Basic EPU 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 Net income (loss) 

 $ 
 
 130,294 

 $ 
 
 (142,052 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 31,391 

 Add: Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 

 651 

 1,044 

 778 

 Net income (loss) available to common unitholders 

 $ 
 
 130,945 

 $ 
 
 (141,008 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 32,169 

 Weighted average common units 

 100,245 

 100,222 

 99,999 

 Basic EPU : 

 Net income (loss) available to common unitholders 

 $ 
 
 1.31 

 $ 
 
 (1.41 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.32 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 Computation of Diluted EPU 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 Net income (loss) available to common unitholders 

 $ 
 
 130,945 

 $ 
 
 (141,008 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 32,169 

 Weighted average common unit 

 100,498 

 100,222 

 100,041 

 Diluted EPU : 

 Net income (loss) available to common unitholders 

 $ 
 
 1.30 

 $ 
 
 (1.41 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.32 

 The following schedule reconciles the weighted average units used in the basic EPU calculation to the units used in the diluted EPU calculation: (in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 Basic EPU units 

 100,245 

 100,222 

 99,999 

 Add: Restricted Stock Awards 

 43 

 &#151; 

 42 

 Stock Options 

 210 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Diluted EPU Units 

 100,498 

 100,222 

 100,041 

 Contingently issuable shares under the PSU awards were excluded from the denominator in 2016 and 2015 because the criteria had not been met for the periods. Contingently issuable shares under Price Vesting Options were excluded from the denominator in 2015 because the criteria had not been met for the period. Not included in the computations of diluted EPU were zero, 405,000 and 10,000 stock options as such securities were anti-dilutive during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Also not included in the computations of diluted EPU were all of the LTIP units as such securities were anti-dilutive during the periods. Unvested restricted stock outstanding as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were 120,245, 98,669 and 136,946 shares, respectively. 
 
 Distributions declared per common unit for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $0.60, $0.60 and $0.75 per unit, respectively. 
 
 15. NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NONCONTROLLING INTEREST IN OPERATING PARTNERSHIP (applicable only to General Partner) 
 
 Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries in the accompanying consolidated financial statements relate to (i) common units and LTIP units in the Operating Partnership, held by parties other than the General Partner (&#147;Limited Partners&#148;), and (ii) interests in consolidated joint ventures for the portion of such ventures not owned by the Company. 
 
 Pursuant to ASC 810, Consolidation, on the accounting and reporting for noncontrolling interests and changes in ownership interests of a subsidiary, changes in a parent&#146;s ownership interest (and transactions with noncontrolling interest unitholders in the subsidiary) while the parent retains its controlling interest in its subsidiary should be accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying value of the noncontrolling interest shall be adjusted to reflect the change in its ownership interest in the subsidiary, with the offset to equity attributable to the parent. Accordingly, as a result of equity transactions which caused changes in ownership percentages between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation stockholders&#146; equity and noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company has decreased noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership and increased 
 
 117 

 Table of Contents 
 
 additional paid-in capital in Mack-Cali Realty Corporation stockholders&#146; equity by approximately $1.4 million as of December 31, 2016. 
 
 Preferred Units 
 
 On February 3, 2017, the Operating Partnership issued 42,800 shares of a new class of 3.5 percent Series A Preferred Limited Partnership Units of the Operating Partnership (the &#147;Preferred Units&#148;). The Preferred Units were issued to the Company&#146;s partners in the Plaza VIII & IX Associates L.L.C. joint venture that owns a development site adjacent to the Company&#146;s Harborside property in Jersey City, New Jersey as consideration for their approximate 37.5 percent interest in the joint venture. 
 
 Each Preferred Unit has a stated value of $1,000, pays dividends quarterly at an annual rate of 3.5 percent (subject to increase under certain circumstances), is convertible into 28.15 common units of limited partnership interests of the Operating Partnership beginning generally five years from the date of issuance, or an aggregate of up to 1,204,820 common units. The Preferred Units have a liquidation and dividend preference senior to the common units and include customary anti-dilution protections for stock splits and similar events. The Preferred Units are redeemable for cash at their stated value beginning five years from the date of issuance at the option of the holder. 
 
 Common Units 
 
 Certain individuals and entities own common units in the Operating Partnership. A common unit and a share of Common Stock of the General Partner have substantially the same economic characteristics in as much as they effectively share equally in the net income or loss of the Operating Partnership. Common unitholders have the right to redeem their common units, subject to certain restrictions. The redemption is required to be satisfied in shares of Common Stock, cash, or a combination thereof, calculated as follows: one share of the General Partner&#146;s Common Stock, or cash equal to the fair market value of a share of the General Partner&#146;s Common Stock at the time of redemption, for each common unit. The General Partner, in its sole discretion, determines the form of redemption of common units (i.e., whether a common unitholder receives Common Stock, cash, or any combination thereof). If the General Partner elects to satisfy the redemption with shares of Common Stock as opposed to cash, it is obligated to issue shares of its Common Stock to the redeeming unitholder. Regardless of the rights described above, the common unitholders may not put their units for cash to the General Partner or the Operating Partnership under any circumstances. When a unitholder redeems a common unit, noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership is reduced and Mack-Cali Realty Corporation Stockholders&#146; equity is increased. 
 
 LTIP Units 
 
 On March 8, 2016, the Company granted 2016 LTIP awards to senior management of the Company, including all of the General Partner&#146;s executive officers. All of the 2016 LTIP Awards will be in the form of units in the Operating Partnership. See Note 14: Mack-Cali Realty Corporation Stockholders&#146; Equity and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P.&#146;s Partners&#146; Capital &#151; Long-Term Incentive Plan Awards. 
 
 LTIP Units are designed to qualify as &#147;profits interests&#148; in the Operating Partnership for federal income tax purposes. As a general matter, the profits interests characteristics of the LTIP Units mean that initially they will not be economically equivalent in value to a common unit. If and when events specified by applicable tax regulations occur, LTIP Units can over time increase in value up to the point where they are equivalent to common units on a one-for-one basis. After LTIP Units are fully vested, and to the extent the special tax rules applicable to profits interests have allowed them to become equivalent in value to common units, LTIP Units may be converted on a one-for-one basis into common units. Common units in turn have a one-for-one relationship in value with shares of the General Partner&#146;s common stock, and are redeemable on a one-for-one basis for cash or, at the election of the Company, shares of the General Partner&#146;s common stock. 
 
 Unit Transactions 
 
 The following table sets forth the changes in noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries which relate to the common units in the Operating Partnership for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

 Common 

 LTIP 

 Units 

 Units 

 Balance at January 1, 2014 

 11,864,775 

 &#151; 

 Redemption of common units for shares of common stock 

 (780,899 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Balance at December 31, 2014 

 11,083,876 

 &#151; 

 Redemption of common units for shares of common stock 

 (567,032 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Balance at December 31, 2015 

 10,516,844 

 &#151; 

 Granted 

 &#151; 

 657,373 

 Redemption of common units for shares of common stock 

 (28,739 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Balance at December 31, 2016 

 10,488,105 

 657,373 

 118 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Noncontrolling Interest Ownership in Operating Partnership 
 
 As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the noncontrolling interest common unitholders owned 10.5 percent and 10.5 percent of the Operating Partnership, respectively. 
 
 NONCONTROLLING INTEREST IN CONSOLIDATED JOINT VENTURES (applicable to General Partner and Operating Partnership) 
 
 The Company consolidates certain joint ventures in which it has ownership interests. Various entities and/or individuals hold noncontrolling interests in these ventures. 
 
 PARTICIPATION RIGHTS 
 
 The Company&#146;s interests in certain real estate projects (three properties and a future development) each provide for the initial distributions of net cash flow solely to the Company, and thereafter, other parties have participation rights in 50 percent of the excess net cash flow remaining after the distribution to the Company of the aggregate amount equal to the sum of: (a) the Company&#146;s capital contributions, plus (b) an IRR of 10 percent per annum. 
 
 16. SEGMENT REPORTING 
 
 The Company operates in three business segments: (i) commercial and other real estate, (ii) multi-family real estate, and (iii) multi-family services. The Company provides leasing, property management, acquisition, development, construction and tenant-related services for its commercial and other real estate and multi-family real estate portfolio. The Company&#146;s multi-family services business also provides similar services for third parties. The Company no longer considers construction services as a reportable segment as it phased out this line of business in 2014. The Company had no revenues from foreign countries recorded for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. The Company had no long lived assets in foreign locations as of December 31, 2016 and 2015. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in Note 2: Significant Accounting Policies, excluding depreciation and amortization. 
 
 The Company evaluates performance based upon net operating income from the combined properties in each of its real estate segments (commercial and other, and multi-family) and from its multi-family services segment. 
 
 119 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Selected results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, and selected asset information as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 regarding the Company&#146;s operating segments are as follows. Amounts for prior periods have been restated to conform to the current period segment reporting presentation: (dollars in thousands) 

 Real Estate 

 Commercial 

 Multi-family 

 Corporate 

 Total 

 & Other 

 Multi-family 

 Services 

 & Other (d) 

 Company 

 Total revenues: 

 2016 

 $ 
 
 551,958 

 $ 
 
 35,450 

 $ 
 
 37,820 
 
 (e) 
 
 $ 
 
 (11,830 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 613,398 

 2015 

 538,323 

 27,787 

 33,112 
 
 (f) 
 
 (4,339 
 
 ) 
 
 594,883 

 2014 

 585,491 

 24,971 

 30,533 
 
 (g) 
 
 (4,196 
 
 ) 
 
 636,799 

 Total operating and interest expenses (a): 

 2016 

 $ 
 
 268,137 

 $ 
 
 21,318 

 $ 
 
 41,445 
 
 (h) 
 
 $ 
 
 84,451 

 $ 
 
 415,351 

 2015 

 264,967 

 17,642 

 37,090 
 
 (i) 
 
 105,452 

 425,151 

 2014 

 295,416 

 12,235 

 38,377 
 
 (j) 
 
 138,733 

 484,761 

 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures: 

 2016 

 $ 
 
 23,796 

 $ 
 
 (6,002 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 994 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 18,788 

 2015 

 5,104 

 (9,879 
 
 ) 
 
 1,603 

 &#151; 

 (3,172 
 
 ) 

 2014 

 4,236 

 (8,790 
 
 ) 
 
 2,131 

 &#151; 

 (2,423 
 
 ) 

 Net operating income (loss) (b): 

 2016 

 $ 
 
 307,617 

 $ 
 
 8,130 

 $ 
 
 (2,631 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (96,281 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 216,835 

 2015 

 278,460 

 266 

 (2,375 
 
 ) 
 
 (109,791 
 
 ) 
 
 166,560 

 2014 

 294,311 

 3,946 

 (5,713 
 
 ) 
 
 (142,929 
 
 ) 
 
 149,615 

 Total assets: 

 2016 

 $ 
 
 3,344,396 

 $ 
 
 887,394 

 $ 
 
 17,207 

 $ 
 
 47,769 

 $ 
 
 4,296,766 

 2015 

 3,166,577 

 836,020 

 9,831 

 41,535 

 4,053,963 

 Total long-lived assets (c): 

 2016 

 $ 
 
 2,999,820 

 $ 
 
 618,038 

 $ 
 
 4,609 

 $ 
 
 (5,933 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 3,616,534 

 2015 

 2,886,583 

 577,705 

 3,670 

 (1,531 
 
 ) 
 
 3,466,427 

 Total investments in unconsolidated joint ventures: 

 2016 

 $ 
 
 81,549 

 $ 
 
 237,493 

 $ 
 
 1,005 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 320,047 

 2015 

 76,140 

 225,850 

 1,467 

 &#151; 

 303,457 

 (a) Total operating and interest expenses represent the sum of: real estate taxes; utilities; operating services; direct construction costs; real estate services expenses; general and administrative and interest expense (net of interest income). All interest expense, net of interest and other investment income, (including for property-level mortgages) is excluded from segment amounts and classified in Corporate & Other for all periods. 
 (b) Net operating income represents total revenues less total operating and interest expenses (as defined in Note &#147;a&#148;), plus equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures, for the period. 
 (c) Long-lived assets are comprised of net investment in rental property, unbilled rents receivable and goodwill. The Company recorded an impairment charge of $197.9 million on assets included in the commercial and other real estate business segment for the year ended December 31, 2015. See Note 3: Recent Transactions &#151; Impairments on Properties Held and Used 
 (d) Corporate & Other represents all corporate-level items (including interest and other investment income, interest expense, non-property general and administrative expense, construction services revenue and direct construction costs) as well as intercompany eliminations necessary to reconcile to consolidated Company totals. 
 (e) Includes $3.8 million and $13.8 million of fees and salary reimbursements earned for the year ended December 31, 2016, respectively, from the multi-family real estate segment, which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 (f) Includes $2.1 million and $6.3 million of fees and salary reimbursements earned for the year ended December 31, 2015, from the multi-family real estate segment, which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 (g) Includes $1.1 million and $4.0 million of fees and salary reimbursements earned for the year ended December 31, 2014, respectively, from the multi-family real estate segment, which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 (h) Includes $1.8 million and $6.5 million of management fees and salary reimbursement expenses for the year ended December 31, 2016, respectively, from the multi-family real estate segment, which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 120 

 Table of Contents 
 
 (i) Includes $1.0 million and $3.9 million of management fees and salary reimbursement expenses for the year ended December 31, 2015, respectively, from the multi-family real estate segment, which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 (j) Includes $0.8 million and $2.9 million of management fees and salary reimbursement expenses for the year ended December 31, 2014, respectively, from the multi-family real estate segment, which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation 
 
 The following schedule reconciles net operating income to net income available to common shareholders: (dollars in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 Net operating income 

 $ 
 
 216,835 

 $ 
 
 166,560 

 $ 
 
 149,615 

 Add (deduct): 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (186,684 
 
 ) 
 
 (170,402 
 
 ) 
 
 (172,490 
 
 ) 

 Gain on change of control of interests 

 15,347 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Realized gains (losses) and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net 

 109,666 

 53,261 

 54,848 

 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture 

 5,670 

 6,448 

 &#151; 

 Loss from extinguishment of debt, net 

 (30,540 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (582 
 
 ) 

 Impairments 

 &#151; 

 (197,919 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Net income (loss) 

 130,294 

 (142,052 
 
 ) 
 
 31,391 

 Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 

 651 

 1,044 

 778 

 Noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership 

 (13,721 
 
 ) 
 
 15,256 

 (3,602 
 
 ) 

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

 $ 
 
 117,224 

 $ 
 
 (125,752 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 28,567 

 Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. 
 
 The following schedule reconciles net operating income to net income available to common unitholders: (dollars in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 Net operating income 

 $ 
 
 216,835 

 $ 
 
 166,560 

 $ 
 
 149,615 

 Add (deduct): 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (186,684 
 
 ) 
 
 (170,402 
 
 ) 
 
 (172,490 
 
 ) 

 Gain on change of control of interests 

 15,347 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Realized gains (losses) and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net 

 109,666 

 53,261 

 54,848 

 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture 

 5,670 

 6,448 

 &#151; 

 Loss from extinguishment of debt, net 

 (30,540 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (582 
 
 ) 

 Impairments 

 &#151; 

 (197,919 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Net income (loss) 

 130,294 

 (142,052 
 
 ) 
 
 31,391 

 Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 

 651 

 1,044 

 778 

 Net income (loss) available to common unitholders 

 $ 
 
 130,945 

 $ 
 
 (141,008 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 32,169 

 17. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
 William L. Mack, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the General Partner, David S. Mack, a director of the General Partner, and Earle I. Mack, a former director of the General Partner, are the executive officers, directors and stockholders of a corporation that leases approximately 7,034 square feet at one of the Company&#146;s office properties, which is scheduled to expire in May 2018, subject to two, three-year renewal options. The Company has recognized $193,000, $204,000 and $231,000 in revenue under this lease for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and had no accounts receivable from the corporation as of December 31, 2016 and 2015. 
 
 Certain executive officers of the Company&#146;s Roseland subsidiary and/or their family members (&#147;RG&#148;) directly or indirectly hold small noncontrolling interests in a certain consolidated joint venture. Additionally, the Company earned $2,464,000, $2,542,000, and $2,401,000 from entities in which RG has ownership interests for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 
 
 121 

 Table of Contents 
 
 18. CONDENSED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (unaudited) 
 
 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation 
 
 The following summarizes the condensed quarterly financial information for the Company: (dollars in thousands) 

 Quarter Ended 2016 

 December 31 

 September 30 

 June 30 

 March 31 

 Total revenues 

 $ 
 
 153,731 

 $ 
 
 157,517 

 $ 
 
 149,227 

 $ 
 
 152,923 

 Operating and other expenses 

 59,740 

 60,286 

 57,395 

 63,536 

 Real estate service salaries 

 6,842 

 6,361 

 6,211 

 6,846 

 General and administrative 

 12,968 

 14,007 

 12,755 

 12,249 

 Acquisition-related costs 

 26 

 815 

 2,039 

 &#151; 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 52,045 

 48,117 

 43,459 

 43,063 

 Impairments 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total expenses 

 131,621 

 129,586 

 121,859 

 125,694 

 Operating Income (loss) 

 22,110 

 27,931 

 27,368 

 27,229 

 Interest expense 

 (22,731 
 
 ) 
 
 (24,233 
 
 ) 
 
 (22,932 
 
 ) 
 
 (24,993 
 
 ) 

 Interest and other investment income 

 875 

 1,262 

 146 

 (669 
 
 ) 

 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (834 
 
 ) 
 
 21,790 

 (614 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,554 
 
 ) 

 Gain on change of control of interests 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 5,191 

 10,156 

 Realized gains (losses) and unrealized losses on disposition of rental properties, net 

 41,002 

 (17,053 
 
 ) 
 
 27,117 

 58,600 

 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 5,670 

 &#151; 

 Loss from extinguishment of debt, net 

 (23,658 
 
 ) 
 
 (19,302 
 
 ) 
 
 12,420 

 &#151; 

 Total other (expense) income 

 (5,346 
 
 ) 
 
 (37,536 
 
 ) 
 
 26,998 

 41,540 

 Net income (loss) 

 16,764 

 (9,605 
 
 ) 
 
 54,366 

 68,769 

 Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 

 191 

 65 

 (311 
 
 ) 
 
 706 

 Noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership 

 (1,774 
 
 ) 
 
 999 

 (5,662 
 
 ) 
 
 (7,284 
 
 ) 

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

 $ 
 
 15,181 

 $ 
 
 (8,541 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 48,393 

 $ 
 
 62,191 

 Basic earnings per common share: 

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

 $ 
 
 0.17 

 $ 
 
 (0.10 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.54 

 $ 
 
 0.69 

 Diluted earnings per common share: 

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

 $ 
 
 0.17 

 $ 
 
 (0.10 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.54 

 $ 
 
 0.69 

 Dividends declared per common share 

 $ 
 
 0.15 

 $ 
 
 0.15 

 $ 
 
 0.15 

 $ 
 
 0.15 

 122 

 Table of Contents 

 Quarter Ended 2015 

 December 31 

 September 30 

 June 30 

 March 31 

 Total revenues 

 $ 
 
 146,443 

 $ 
 
 146,158 

 $ 
 
 148,567 

 $ 
 
 153,715 

 Operating and other expenses 

 60,846 

 56,850 

 60,653 

 68,255 

 Real estate service salaries 

 6,063 

 6,673 

 6,208 

 6,639 

 General and administrative 

 12,589 

 13,670 

 11,877 

 11,011 

 Acquisition-related costs 

 1,449 

 &#151; 

 111 

 &#151; 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 43,136 

 44,099 

 42,365 

 40,802 

 Impairments (1) 

 33,743 

 164,176 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total expenses 

 157,826 

 285,468 

 121,214 

 126,707 

 Operating Income 

 (11,383 
 
 ) 
 
 (139,310 
 
 ) 
 
 27,353 

 27,008 

 Interest expense 

 (24,374 
 
 ) 
 
 (24,689 
 
 ) 
 
 (26,773 
 
 ) 
 
 (27,215 
 
 ) 

 Interest and other investment income 

 231 

 5 

 291 

 267 

 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (449 
 
 ) 
 
 3,135 

 (2,329 
 
 ) 
 
 (3,529 
 
 ) 

 Realized gains (losses) and unrealized losses on disposition of rental properties, net 

 &#151; 

 18,718 

 34,399 

 144 

 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 6,448 

 &#151; 

 Total other (expense) income 

 (24,592 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,831 
 
 ) 
 
 12,036 

 (30,333 
 
 ) 

 Net income (loss) 

 (35,975 
 
 ) 
 
 (142,141 
 
 ) 
 
 39,389 

 (3,325 
 
 ) 

 Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 

 462 

 (281 
 
 ) 
 
 373 

 490 

 Noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership 

 3,795 

 15,530 

 (4,383 
 
 ) 
 
 314 

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

 $ 
 
 (31,718 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (126,892 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 35,379 

 $ 
 
 (2,521 
 
 ) 

 Basic earnings per common share: 

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

 $ 
 
 (0.35 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (1.42 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.40 

 $ 
 
 (0.03 
 
 ) 

 Diluted earnings per common share: 

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

 $ 
 
 (0.35 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (1.42 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.40 

 $ 
 
 (0.03 
 
 ) 

 Dividends declared per common share 

 $ 
 
 0.15 

 $ 
 
 0.15 

 $ 
 
 0.15 

 $ 
 
 0.15 

 (1) Amounts for the year ended December 31, 2015 relate to impairment charges as further described in Note 3: Recent Transactions &#151; Impairments on Properties Held and Used. 
 
 123 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. 
 
 The following summarizes the condensed quarterly financial information for the Company: (dollars in thousands) 

 Quarter Ended 2016 

 December 31 

 September 30 

 June 30 

 March 31 

 Total revenues 

 $ 
 
 153,731 

 $ 
 
 157,517 

 $ 
 
 149,227 

 $ 
 
 152,923 

 Operating and other expenses 

 59,740 

 60,286 

 57,395 

 63,536 

 Real estate service salaries 

 6,842 

 6,361 

 6,211 

 6,846 

 General and administrative 

 12,968 

 14,007 

 12,755 

 12,249 

 Acquisition-related costs 

 26 

 815 

 2,039 

 &#151; 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 52,045 

 48,117 

 43,459 

 43,063 

 Impairments 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total expenses 

 131,621 

 129,586 

 121,859 

 125,694 

 Operating Income (loss) 

 22,110 

 27,931 

 27,368 

 27,229 

 Interest expense 

 (22,731 
 
 ) 
 
 (24,233 
 
 ) 
 
 (22,932 
 
 ) 
 
 (24,993 
 
 ) 

 Interest and other investment income 

 875 

 1,262 

 146 

 (669 
 
 ) 

 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (834 
 
 ) 
 
 21,790 

 (614 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,554 
 
 ) 

 Gain on change of control of interests 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 5,191 

 10,156 

 Realized gains (losses) and unrealized losses on disposition of rental properties, net 

 41,002 

 (17,053 
 
 ) 
 
 27,117 

 58,600 

 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 5,670 

 &#151; 

 Loss from extinguishment of debt, net 

 (23,658 
 
 ) 
 
 (19,302 
 
 ) 
 
 12,420 

 &#151; 

 Total other (expense) income 

 (5,346 
 
 ) 
 
 (37,536 
 
 ) 
 
 26,998 

 41,540 

 Net income (loss) 

 16,764 

 (9,605 
 
 ) 
 
 54,366 

 68,769 

 Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 

 191 

 65 

 (311 
 
 ) 
 
 706 

 Net income (loss) available to common unitholders 

 $ 
 
 16,955 

 $ 
 
 (9,540 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 54,055 

 $ 
 
 69,475 

 Basic earnings per common unit: 

 Net income (loss) available to common unitholders 

 $ 
 
 0.17 

 $ 
 
 (0.10 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.54 

 $ 
 
 0.69 

 Diluted earnings per common units: 

 Net income (loss) available to common unitolders 

 $ 
 
 0.17 

 $ 
 
 (0.10 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.54 

 $ 
 
 0.69 

 Distributions declared per common unit 

 $ 
 
 0.15 

 $ 
 
 0.15 

 $ 
 
 0.15 

 $ 
 
 0.15 

 124 

 Table of Contents 

 Quarter Ended 2015 

 December 31 

 September 30 

 June 30 

 March 31 

 Total revenues 

 $ 
 
 146,443 

 $ 
 
 146,158 

 $ 
 
 148,567 

 $ 
 
 153,715 

 Operating and other expenses 

 60,846 

 56,850 

 60,653 

 68,255 

 Real estate service salaries 

 6,063 

 6,673 

 6,208 

 6,639 

 General and administrative 

 12,589 

 13,670 

 11,877 

 11,011 

 Acquisition-related costs 

 1,449 

 &#151; 

 111 

 &#151; 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 43,136 

 44,099 

 42,365 

 40,802 

 Impairments (1) 

 33,743 

 164,176 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total expenses 

 157,826 

 285,468 

 121,214 

 126,707 

 Operating Income 

 (11,383 
 
 ) 
 
 (139,310 
 
 ) 
 
 27,353 

 27,008 

 Interest expense 

 (24,374 
 
 ) 
 
 (24,689 
 
 ) 
 
 (26,773 
 
 ) 
 
 (27,215 
 
 ) 

 Interest and other investment income 

 231 

 5 

 291 

 267 

 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (449 
 
 ) 
 
 3,135 

 (2,329 
 
 ) 
 
 (3,529 
 
 ) 

 Realized gains (losses) and unrealized losses on disposition of rental properties, net 

 &#151; 

 18,718 

 34,399 

 144 

 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 6,448 

 &#151; 

 Total other (expense) income 

 (24,592 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,831 
 
 ) 
 
 12,036 

 (30,333 
 
 ) 

 Net income (loss) 

 (35,975 
 
 ) 
 
 (142,141 
 
 ) 
 
 39,389 

 (3,325 
 
 ) 

 Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 

 462 

 (281 
 
 ) 
 
 373 

 490 

 Net income (loss) available to common unitholders 

 $ 
 
 (35,513 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (142,422 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 39,762 

 $ 
 
 (2,835 
 
 ) 

 Basic earnings per common unit: 

 Net income (loss) available to common unitholders 

 $ 
 
 (0.35 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (1.42 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.40 

 $ 
 
 (0.03 
 
 ) 

 Diluted earnings per common unit: 

 Net income (loss) available to common unitholders 

 $ 
 
 (0.35 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 (1.42 
 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 
 0.40 

 $ 
 
 (0.03 
 
 ) 

 Distributions declared per common unit 

 $ 
 
 0.15 

 $ 
 
 0.15 

 $ 
 
 0.15 

 $ 
 
 0.15 

 (1) Amounts for the year ended December 31, 2015 relate to impairment charges as further described in Note 3: Recent Transactions &#151; Impairments on Properties Held and Used. 
 
 125 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY CORPORATION, MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 December 31, 2016 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 
 SCHEDULE III 

 Gross Amount at Which 

 Costs 

 Carried at Close of 

 Initial Costs 

 Capitalized 

 Period (a) 

 Property 

 Year 

 Related 

 Building and 

 Subsequent 

 Building and 

 Accumulated 

 Property Location 

 Type 

 Built 

 Acquired 

 Encumbrances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 Total (d) 

 Depreciation (b) 

 NEW JERSEY 

 Bergen County 

 Fort Lee 

 One Bridge Plaza 

 Office 

 1981 

 1996 

 &#151; 

 2,439 

 24,462 

 7,283 

 2,439 

 31,745 

 34,184 

 15,881 

 2115 Linwood Avenue 

 Office 

 1981 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 474 

 4,419 

 7,503 

 474 

 11,922 

 12,396 

 4,518 

 Montvale 

 135 Chestnut Ridge Road 

 Office 

 1981 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 2,587 

 10,350 

 (4,659 
 
 ) 
 
 1,437 

 6,841 

 8,278 

 4,536 

 Paramus 

 15 East Midland Avenue 

 Office 

 1988 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 10,375 

 41,497 

 2,508 

 10,374 

 44,006 

 54,380 

 21,052 

 140 East Ridgewood Avenue 

 Office 

 1981 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 7,932 

 31,463 

 8,171 

 7,932 

 39,634 

 47,566 

 19,260 

 461 From Road 

 Office 

 1988 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 13,194 

 52,778 

 11,533 

 13,194 

 64,311 

 77,505 

 26,938 

 650 From Road 

 Office 

 1978 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 10,487 

 41,949 

 8,209 

 10,487 

 50,158 

 60,645 

 24,199 

 61 South Paramus Road (c) 

 Office 

 1985 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 9,005 

 36,018 

 10,595 

 9,005 

 46,613 

 55,618 

 21,611 

 Rochelle Park 

 365 West Passaic Street 

 Office 

 1976 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 4,148 

 16,592 

 5,043 

 4,148 

 21,635 

 25,783 

 10,029 

 395 West Passaic Street 

 Office 

 1979 

 2006 

 &#151; 

 2,550 

 17,131 

 1,315 

 2,550 

 18,446 

 20,996 

 4,967 

 Upper Saddle River 

 1 Lake Street 

 Office 

 1994 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 13,952 

 55,812 

 (36,310 
 
 ) 
 
 6,268 

 27,186 

 33,454 

 21,472 

 Woodcliff Lake 

 400 Chestnut Ridge Road 

 Office 

 1982 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 4,201 

 16,802 

 (9,243 
 
 ) 
 
 2,312 

 9,448 

 11,760 

 4,210 

 50 Tice Boulevard 

 Office 

 1984 

 1994 

 &#151; 

 4,500 

 &#151; 

 27,735 

 4,500 

 27,735 

 32,235 

 20,159 

 300 Tice Boulevard 

 Office 

 1991 

 1996 

 &#151; 

 5,424 

 29,688 

 6,641 

 5,424 

 36,329 

 41,753 

 17,560 

 Burlington County 

 Burlington 

 3 Terri Lane 

 Office/Flex 

 1991 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 652 

 3,433 

 1,517 

 658 

 4,944 

 5,602 

 2,281 

 5 Terri Lane 

 Office/Flex 

 1992 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 564 

 3,792 

 2,417 

 569 

 6,204 

 6,773 

 3,104 

 Moorestown 

 2 Commerce Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1986 

 1999 

 &#151; 

 723 

 2,893 

 615 

 723 

 3,508 

 4,231 

 1,571 

 101 Commerce Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1988 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 422 

 3,528 

 436 

 426 

 3,960 

 4,386 

 2,003 

 102 Commerce Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1987 

 1999 

 &#151; 

 389 

 1,554 

 543 

 389 

 2,097 

 2,486 

 820 

 201 Commerce Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1986 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 254 

 1,694 

 421 

 258 

 2,111 

 2,369 

 996 

 202 Commerce Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1988 

 1999 

 &#151; 

 490 

 1,963 

 462 

 490 

 2,425 

 2,915 

 989 

 1 Executive Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1989 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 226 

 1,453 

 772 

 228 

 2,223 

 2,451 

 1,090 

 2 Executive Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1988 

 2000 

 &#151; 

 801 

 3,206 

 1,157 

 801 

 4,363 

 5,164 

 1,742 

 101 Executive Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1990 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 241 

 2,262 

 622 

 244 

 2,881 

 3,125 

 1,340 

 102 Executive Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1990 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 353 

 3,607 

 420 

 357 

 4,023 

 4,380 

 1,923 

 225 Executive Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1990 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 323 

 2,477 

 557 

 326 

 3,031 

 3,357 

 1,378 

 97 Foster Road 

 Office/Flex 

 1982 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 208 

 1,382 

 266 

 211 

 1,645 

 1,856 

 815 

 1507 Lancer Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1995 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 119 

 1,106 

 209 

 120 

 1,314 

 1,434 

 664 

 1245 North Church Street 

 Office/Flex 

 1998 

 2001 

 &#151; 

 691 

 2,810 

 110 

 691 

 2,920 

 3,611 

 1,160 

 1247 North Church Street 

 Office/Flex 

 1998 

 2001 

 &#151; 

 805 

 3,269 

 361 

 805 

 3,630 

 4,435 

 1,439 

 1256 North Church Street 

 Office/Flex 

 1984 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 354 

 3,098 

 658 

 357 

 3,753 

 4,110 

 1,815 

 840 North Lenola Road 

 Office/Flex 

 1995 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 329 

 2,366 

 422 

 333 

 2,784 

 3,117 

 1,228 

 844 North Lenola Road 

 Office/Flex 

 1995 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 239 

 1,714 

 231 

 241 

 1,943 

 2,184 

 959 

 915 North Lenola Road 

 Office/Flex 

 1998 

 2000 

 &#151; 

 508 

 2,034 

 29 

 508 

 2,063 

 2,571 

 851 

 2 Twosome Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 2000 

 2001 

 &#151; 

 701 

 2,807 

 276 

 701 

 3,083 

 3,784 

 1,229 

 30 Twosome Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1997 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 234 

 1,954 

 510 

 236 

 2,462 

 2,698 

 1,349 

 31 Twosome Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1998 

 2001 

 &#151; 

 815 

 3,276 

 258 

 815 

 3,534 

 4,349 

 1,433 

 40 Twosome Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1996 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 297 

 2,393 

 160 

 301 

 2,549 

 2,850 

 1,260 

 41 Twosome Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1998 

 2001 

 &#151; 

 605 

 2,459 

 214 

 605 

 2,673 

 3,278 

 1,114 

 50 Twosome Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1997 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 301 

 2,330 

 441 

 304 

 2,768 

 3,072 

 1,180 

 Essex County 

 Millburn 

 150 J.F. Kennedy Parkway 

 Office 

 1980 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 12,606 

 50,425 

 13,879 

 12,606 

 64,304 

 76,910 

 28,231 

 Roseland 

 6 Becker Farm Road 

 Office 

 1983 

 2009 

 &#151; 

 2,600 

 15,548 

 (7,057 
 
 ) 
 
 1,556 

 9,535 

 11,091 

 4,877 

 75 Livingston Avenue 

 Office 

 1985 

 2009 

 &#151; 

 1,900 

 6,312 

 (1,890 
 
 ) 
 
 1,281 

 5,041 

 6,322 

 1,098 

 85 Livingston Avenue 

 Office 

 1985 

 2009 

 &#151; 

 2,500 

 14,238 

 (8,799 
 
 ) 
 
 1,234 

 6,705 

 7,939 

 3,189 

 Hudson County 

 Hoboken 

 111 River Street 

 Office 

 2002 

 2016 

 &#151; 

 204 

 198,609 

 10,671 

 &#151; 

 209,484 

 209,484 

 2,766 

 126 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY CORPORATION 
 MACK-CALI REALTY CORPORATION, MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 December 31, 2016 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 
 SCHEDULE III 

 Gross Amount at Which 

 Costs 

 Carried at Close of 

 Initial Costs 

 Capitalized 

 Period (a) 

 Year 

 Related 

 Building and 

 Subsequent 

 Building and 

 Accumulated 

 Property Location 

 Built 

 Acquired 

 Encumbrances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 Total (d) 

 Depreciation (b) 

 Jersey City 

 Harborside Plaza 1 

 Office 

 1983 

 1996 

 &#151; 

 3,923 

 51,013 

 28,059 

 3,923 

 79,072 

 82,995 

 42,198 

 Harborside Plaza 2 

 Office 

 1990 

 1996 

 &#151; 

 17,655 

 101,546 

 27,549 

 8,364 

 138,386 

 146,750 

 60,054 

 Harborside Plaza 3 

 Office 

 1990 

 1996 

 &#151; 

 17,655 

 101,878 

 27,216 

 8,363 

 138,386 

 146,749 

 60,054 

 Harborside Plaza 4A 

 Office 

 2000 

 2000 

 &#151; 

 1,244 

 56,144 

 8,297 

 1,244 

 64,441 

 65,685 

 26,763 

 Harborside Plaza 5 

 Office 

 2002 

 2002 

 213,470 

 6,218 

 170,682 

 61,152 

 5,705 

 232,347 

 238,052 

 91,896 

 101 Hudson Street 

 Office 

 1992 

 2005 

 248,062 

 45,530 

 271,376 

 17,279 

 45,530 

 288,655 

 334,185 

 84,447 

 Weehawken 

 100 Avenue at Port Imperial 

 Other 

 2016 

 2016 

 &#151; 

 350 

 &#151; 

 4,185 

 471 

 4,064 

 4,535 

 60 

 500 Avenue at Port Imperial 

 Other 

 2013 

 2013 

 36,228 

 13,099 

 56,669 

 (20,587 
 
 ) 
 
 13,099 

 36,082 

 49,181 

 3,066 

 Mercer County 

 Hamilton Township 

 3 AAA Drive 

 Office 

 1981 

 2007 

 &#151; 

 242 

 3,218 

 1,106 

 242 

 4,324 

 4,566 

 1,223 

 100 Horizon Center Boulevard 

 Office/Flex 

 1989 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 205 

 1,676 

 732 

 327 

 2,286 

 2,613 

 1,124 

 200 Horizon Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1991 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 205 

 3,027 

 704 

 359 

 3,577 

 3,936 

 1,921 

 300 Horizon Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1989 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 379 

 4,355 

 1,991 

 533 

 6,192 

 6,725 

 2,891 

 500 Horizon Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1990 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 379 

 3,395 

 1,062 

 498 

 4,338 

 4,836 

 2,303 

 600 Horizon Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 2002 

 2002 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 7,549 

 1,014 

 685 

 7,878 

 8,563 

 2,845 

 700 Horizon Drive 

 Office 

 2007 

 2007 

 &#151; 

 490 

 43 

 16,663 

 865 

 16,331 

 17,196 

 4,537 

 2 South Gold Drive 

 Office 

 1974 

 2007 

 &#151; 

 476 

 3,487 

 853 

 476 

 4,340 

 4,816 

 1,121 

 Princeton 

 103 Carnegie Center 

 Office 

 1984 

 1996 

 &#151; 

 2,566 

 7,868 

 3,250 

 2,566 

 11,118 

 13,684 

 5,798 

 100 Overlook Center 

 Office 

 1988 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 2,378 

 21,754 

 3,665 

 2,378 

 25,419 

 27,797 

 12,017 

 5 Vaughn Drive 

 Office 

 1987 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 657 

 9,800 

 1,906 

 657 

 11,706 

 12,363 

 6,113 

 Middlesex County 

 East Brunswick 

 377 Summerhill Road 

 Office 

 1977 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 649 

 2,594 

 324 

 649 

 2,918 

 3,567 

 1,431 

 Edison 

 333 Thornall Street 

 Office 

 1984 

 2015 

 &#151; 

 5,542 

 40,762 

 1,411 

 5,542 

 42,173 

 47,715 

 1,776 

 343 Thornall Street 

 Office 

 1991 

 2006 

 &#151; 

 6,027 

 39,101 

 6,658 

 6,027 

 45,759 

 51,786 

 13,332 

 Iselin 

 101 Wood Avenue South 

 Office 

 1990 

 2016 

 &#151; 

 8,509 

 72,738 

 442 

 7,384 

 74,305 

 81,689 

 1,605 

 Newark 

 320 University Avenue 

 Office 

 2001 

 2016 

 &#151; 

 1,468 

 6,253 

 24 

 1,468 

 6,277 

 7,745 

 117 

 321 University Avenue 

 Office 

 2003 

 2016 

 &#151; 

 5,837 

 9,442 

 32 

 2,217 

 13,094 

 15,311 

 448 

 New Brunswick 

 Richmond Court 

 Multi-Family 

 1997 

 2013 

 &#151; 

 2,992 

 13,534 

 2,103 

 2,992 

 15,637 

 18,629 

 1,038 

 Riverwatch Commons 

 Multi-Family 

 1995 

 2013 

 &#151; 

 4,169 

 18,974 

 2,354 

 4,169 

 21,328 

 25,497 

 1,440 

 Plainsboro 

 500 College Road East (c) 

 Office 

 1984 

 1998 

 614 

 20,626 

 4,982 

 614 

 25,608 

 26,222 

 12,194 

 Woodbridge 

 581 Main Street 

 Office 

 1991 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 3,237 

 12,949 

 26,538 

 8,115 

 34,609 

 42,724 

 18,120 

 Monmouth County 

 Holmdel 

 23 Main Street 

 Office 

 1977 

 2005 

 27,809 

 4,336 

 19,544 

 11,894 

 4,336 

 31,438 

 35,774 

 14,037 

 Middletown 

 One River Center, Building 1 

 Office 

 1983 

 2004 

 10,538 

 3,070 

 17,414 

 4,279 

 2,451 

 22,312 

 24,763 

 8,292 

 One River Center, Building 2 

 Office 

 1983 

 2004 

 11,822 

 2,468 

 15,043 

 3,989 

 2,452 

 19,048 

 21,500 

 6,252 

 One River Center, Building 3 

 Office 

 1984 

 2004 

 18,786 

 4,051 

 24,790 

 5,671 

 4,627 

 29,885 

 34,512 

 9,652 

 Neptune 

 3600 Route 66 

 Office 

 1989 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 1,098 

 18,146 

 11,471 

 1,098 

 29,617 

 30,715 

 12,818 

 Wall Township 

 1305 Campus Parkway 

 Office 

 1988 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 335 

 2,560 

 591 

 291 

 3,195 

 3,486 

 1,602 

 1325 Campus Parkway 

 Office/Flex 

 1988 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 270 

 2,928 

 774 

 270 

 3,702 

 3,972 

 2,078 

 1340 Campus Parkway 

 Office/Flex 

 1992 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 489 

 4,621 

 2,528 

 489 

 7,149 

 7,638 

 3,688 

 1345 Campus Parkway 

 Office/Flex 

 1995 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 1,023 

 5,703 

 1,208 

 1,024 

 6,910 

 7,934 

 3,440 

 1350 Campus Parkway 

 Office 

 1990 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 454 

 7,134 

 1,211 

 454 

 8,345 

 8,799 

 4,251 

 1433 Highway 34 

 Office/Flex 

 1985 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 889 

 4,321 

 1,813 

 889 

 6,134 

 7,023 

 3,250 

 127 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY CORPORATION, MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 December 31, 2016 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 
 SCHEDULE III 

 Gross Amount at Which 

 Costs 

 Carried at Close of 

 Initial Costs 

 Capitalized 

 Period (a) 

 Year 

 Related 

 Building and 

 Subsequent 

 Building and 

 Accumulated 

 Property Location 

 Built 

 Acquired 

 Encumbrances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 Total (d) 

 Depreciation (b) 

 1320 Wyckoff Avenue 

 Office/Flex 

 1986 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 255 

 1,285 

 315 

 216 

 1,639 

 1,855 

 955 

 1324 Wyckoff Avenue 

 Office/Flex 

 1987 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 230 

 1,439 

 345 

 190 

 1,824 

 2,014 

 931 

 Morris County 

 Florham Park 

 325 Columbia Parkway 

 Office 

 1987 

 1994 

 &#151; 

 1,564 

 &#151; 

 18,070 

 1,564 

 18,070 

 19,634 

 11,783 

 Morris Plains 

 201 Littleton Road 

 Office 

 1979 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 2,407 

 9,627 

 3,332 

 2,407 

 12,959 

 15,366 

 6,134 

 Parsippany 

 4 Campus Drive 

 Office 

 1983 

 2001 

 &#151; 

 5,213 

 20,984 

 4,072 

 5,213 

 25,056 

 30,269 

 9,767 

 6 Campus Drive 

 Office 

 1983 

 2001 

 &#151; 

 4,411 

 17,796 

 3,458 

 4,411 

 21,254 

 25,665 

 8,532 

 7 Campus Drive 

 Office 

 1982 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 1,932 

 27,788 

 7,464 

 1,932 

 35,252 

 37,184 

 16,937 

 8 Campus Drive 

 Office 

 1987 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 1,865 

 35,456 

 6,182 

 1,865 

 41,638 

 43,503 

 18,624 

 9 Campus Drive 

 Office 

 1983 

 2001 

 &#151; 

 3,277 

 11,796 

 22,610 

 5,842 

 31,841 

 37,683 

 11,223 

 2 Dryden Way 

 Office 

 1990 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 778 

 420 

 110 

 778 

 530 

 1,308 

 283 

 4 Gatehall Drive 

 Office 

 1988 

 2000 

 &#151; 

 8,452 

 33,929 

 4,315 

 8,452 

 38,244 

 46,696 

 16,518 

 2 Hilton Court 

 Office 

 1991 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 1,971 

 32,007 

 4,474 

 1,971 

 36,481 

 38,452 

 17,756 

 1633 Littleton Road 

 Office 

 1978 

 2002 

 &#151; 

 2,283 

 9,550 

 507 

 2,355 

 9,985 

 12,340 

 9,641 

 1 Sylvan Way 

 Office 

 1989 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 1,689 

 24,699 

 2,593 

 1,021 

 27,960 

 28,981 

 14,312 

 3 Sylvan Way 

 Office 

 1988 

 2015 

 &#151; 

 5,590 

 4,710 

 238 

 5,590 

 4,948 

 10,538 

 118 

 5 Sylvan Way 

 Office 

 1989 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 1,160 

 25,214 

 3,244 

 1,161 

 28,457 

 29,618 

 13,007 

 7 Sylvan Way 

 Office 

 1987 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 2,084 

 26,083 

 6,800 

 2,084 

 32,883 

 34,967 

 12,607 

 20 Waterview Boulevard 

 Office 

 1988 

 2009 

 &#151; 

 4,500 

 27,246 

 (4,354 
 
 ) 
 
 3,816 

 23,576 

 27,392 

 5,472 

 35 Waterview Boulevard 

 Office 

 1990 

 2006 

 &#151; 

 5,133 

 28,059 

 1,145 

 5,133 

 29,204 

 34,337 

 9,026 

 5 Wood Hollow Road 

 Office 

 1979 

 2004 

 &#151; 

 5,302 

 26,488 

 20,070 

 5,302 

 46,558 

 51,860 

 17,314 

 Passaic County 

 Totowa 

 1 Center Court 

 Office/Flex 

 1999 

 1999 

 &#151; 

 270 

 1,824 

 594 

 270 

 2,418 

 2,688 

 1,082 

 2 Center Court 

 Office/Flex 

 1998 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 191 

 &#151; 

 2,670 

 191 

 2,670 

 2,861 

 1,363 

 11 Commerce Way 

 Office/Flex 

 1989 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 586 

 2,986 

 1,000 

 586 

 3,986 

 4,572 

 2,250 

 20 Commerce Way 

 Office/Flex 

 1992 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 516 

 3,108 

 155 

 516 

 3,263 

 3,779 

 1,686 

 29 Commerce Way 

 Office/Flex 

 1990 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 586 

 3,092 

 961 

 586 

 4,053 

 4,639 

 1,978 

 40 Commerce Way 

 Office/Flex 

 1987 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 516 

 3,260 

 1,427 

 516 

 4,687 

 5,203 

 2,420 

 45 Commerce Way 

 Office/Flex 

 1992 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 536 

 3,379 

 584 

 536 

 3,963 

 4,499 

 1,981 

 60 Commerce Way 

 Office/Flex 

 1988 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 526 

 3,257 

 381 

 526 

 3,638 

 4,164 

 1,785 

 80 Commerce Way 

 Office/Flex 

 1996 

 1996 

 &#151; 

 227 

 &#151; 

 1,370 

 227 

 1,370 

 1,597 

 700 

 100 Commerce Way 

 Office/Flex 

 1996 

 1996 

 &#151; 

 226 

 &#151; 

 1,369 

 226 

 1,369 

 1,595 

 700 

 120 Commerce Way 

 Office/Flex 

 1994 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 228 

 &#151; 

 1,286 

 229 

 1,285 

 1,514 

 703 

 140 Commerce Way 

 Office/Flex 

 1994 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 229 

 &#151; 

 1,284 

 228 

 1,285 

 1,513 

 703 

 999 Riverview Drive 

 Office 

 1988 

 1995 

 &#151; 

 476 

 6,024 

 2,139 

 1,102 

 7,537 

 8,639 

 3,952 

 Somerset County 

 Bridgewater 

 440 Route 22 East 

 Office 

 1990 

 2010 

 &#151; 

 3,986 

 13,658 

 (17,644 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 721 Route 202/206 

 Office 

 1989 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 6,730 

 26,919 

 (4,831 
 
 ) 
 
 5,067 

 23,751 

 28,818 

 11,944 

 Union County 

 New Providence 

 890 Mountain Road 

 Office 

 1977 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 2,796 

 11,185 

 (4,842 
 
 ) 
 
 1,719 

 7,420 

 9,139 

 3,196 

 Rahway 

 Park Square 

 Multi-Family 

 2011 

 2013 

 27,426 

 4,000 

 40,670 

 309 

 4,000 

 40,979 

 44,979 

 3,165 

 NEW YORK 

 Westchester County 

 Eastchester 

 Quarry Place at Tuckahoe 

 Multi-Family 

 2016 

 2016 

 26,642 

 5,585 

 3,400 

 47,710 

 5,585 

 51,110 

 56,695 

 30 

 Elmsford 

 11 Clearbrook Road 

 Office/Flex 

 1974 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 149 

 2,159 

 578 

 149 

 2,737 

 2,886 

 1,344 

 75 Clearbrook Road 

 Office/Flex 

 1990 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 2,314 

 4,716 

 57 

 2,314 

 4,773 

 7,087 

 2,380 

 100 Clearbrook Road 

 Office 

 1975 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 220 

 5,366 

 1,793 

 220 

 7,159 

 7,379 

 3,551 

 125 Clearbrook Road 

 Office/Flex 

 2002 

 2002 

 &#151; 

 1,055 

 3,676 

 (339 
 
 ) 
 
 1,055 

 3,337 

 4,392 

 1,301 

 150 Clearbrook Road 

 Office/Flex 

 1975 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 497 

 7,030 

 2,129 

 497 

 9,159 

 9,656 

 4,296 

 175 Clearbrook Road 

 Office/Flex 

 1973 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 655 

 7,473 

 961 

 655 

 8,434 

 9,089 

 4,155 

 200 Clearbrook Road 

 Office/Flex 

 1974 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 579 

 6,620 

 1,729 

 579 

 8,349 

 8,928 

 3,862 

 250 Clearbrook Road 

 Office/Flex 

 1973 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 867 

 8,647 

 2,466 

 867 

 11,113 

 11,980 

 5,130 

 128 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY CORPORATION, MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 December 31, 2016 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 
 SCHEDULE III 

 Gross Amount at Which 

 Costs 

 Carried at Close of 

 Initial Costs 

 Capitalized 

 Period (a) 

 Year 

 Related 

 Building and 

 Subsequent 

 Building and 

 Accumulated 

 Property Location 

 Built 

 Acquired 

 Encumbrances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 Total (d) 

 Depreciation (b) 

 50 Executive Boulevard 

 Office/Flex 

 1969 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 237 

 2,617 

 540 

 237 

 3,157 

 3,394 

 1,510 

 77 Executive Boulevard 

 Office/Flex 

 1977 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 34 

 1,104 

 177 

 34 

 1,281 

 1,315 

 651 

 85 Executive Boulevard 

 Office/Flex 

 1968 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 155 

 2,507 

 538 

 155 

 3,045 

 3,200 

 1,406 

 101 Executive Boulevard 

 Office 

 1971 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 267 

 5,838 

 (5,542 
 
 ) 
 
 101 

 462 

 563 

 3 

 300 Executive Boulevard 

 Office/Flex 

 1970 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 460 

 3,609 

 306 

 460 

 3,915 

 4,375 

 1,922 

 350 Executive Boulevard 

 Office/Flex 

 1970 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 100 

 1,793 

 175 

 100 

 1,968 

 2,068 

 1,013 

 399 Executive Boulevard 

 Office/Flex 

 1962 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 531 

 7,191 

 163 

 531 

 7,354 

 7,885 

 3,693 

 400 Executive Boulevard 

 Office/Flex 

 1970 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 2,202 

 1,846 

 1,073 

 2,202 

 2,919 

 5,121 

 1,555 

 500 Executive Boulevard 

 Office/Flex 

 1970 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 258 

 4,183 

 434 

 258 

 4,617 

 4,875 

 2,418 

 525 Executive Boulevard 

 Office/Flex 

 1972 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 345 

 5,499 

 844 

 345 

 6,343 

 6,688 

 3,272 

 700 Executive Boulevard 

 Land Lease 

 N/A 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 970 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 970 

 &#151; 

 970 

 &#151; 

 1 Warehouse Lane (c) 

 Industrial/Warehouse 

 1957 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 3 

 268 

 233 

 3 

 501 

 504 

 253 

 2 Warehouse Lane (c) 

 Industrial/Warehouse 

 1957 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 4 

 672 

 245 

 4 

 917 

 921 

 410 

 3 Warehouse Lane (c) 

 Industrial/Warehouse 

 1957 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 21 

 1,948 

 363 

 21 

 2,311 

 2,332 

 1,247 

 4 Warehouse Lane (c) 

 Industrial/Warehouse 

 1957 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 84 

 13,393 

 3,665 

 85 

 17,057 

 17,142 

 7,832 

 5 Warehouse Lane (c) 

 Industrial/Warehouse 

 1957 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 19 

 4,804 

 943 

 19 

 5,747 

 5,766 

 2,930 

 6 Warehouse Lane (c) 

 Industrial/Warehouse 

 1982 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 10 

 4,419 

 2,381 

 10 

 6,800 

 6,810 

 3,006 

 1 Westchester Plaza 

 Office/Flex 

 1967 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 199 

 2,023 

 472 

 199 

 2,495 

 2,694 

 1,416 

 2 Westchester Plaza 

 Office/Flex 

 1968 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 234 

 2,726 

 905 

 234 

 3,631 

 3,865 

 1,653 

 3 Westchester Plaza 

 Office/Flex 

 1969 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 655 

 7,936 

 1,764 

 655 

 9,700 

 10,355 

 4,719 

 4 Westchester Plaza 

 Office/Flex 

 1969 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 320 

 3,729 

 1,191 

 320 

 4,920 

 5,240 

 2,606 

 5 Westchester Plaza 

 Office/Flex 

 1969 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 118 

 1,949 

 304 

 118 

 2,253 

 2,371 

 1,161 

 6 Westchester Plaza 

 Office/Flex 

 1968 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 164 

 1,998 

 148 

 164 

 2,146 

 2,310 

 1,052 

 7 Westchester Plaza 

 Office/Flex 

 1972 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 286 

 4,321 

 1,116 

 286 

 5,437 

 5,723 

 2,369 

 8 Westchester Plaza 

 Office/Flex 

 1971 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 447 

 5,262 

 2,122 

 447 

 7,384 

 7,831 

 3,420 

 Hawthorne 

 200 Saw Mill River Road 

 Office/Flex 

 1965 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 353 

 3,353 

 533 

 353 

 3,886 

 4,239 

 1,945 

 1 Skyline Drive 

 Office 

 1980 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 66 

 1,711 

 210 

 66 

 1,921 

 1,987 

 996 

 2 Skyline Drive 

 Office 

 1987 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 109 

 3,128 

 1,474 

 109 

 4,602 

 4,711 

 2,483 

 4 Skyline Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1987 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 363 

 7,513 

 2,980 

 363 

 10,493 

 10,856 

 5,767 

 5 Skyline Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1980 

 2001 

 &#151; 

 2,219 

 8,916 

 1,754 

 2,219 

 10,670 

 12,889 

 5,095 

 6 Skyline Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1980 

 2001 

 &#151; 

 740 

 2,971 

 1,502 

 740 

 4,473 

 5,213 

 2,600 

 7 Skyline Drive 

 Office 

 1987 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 330 

 13,013 

 2,850 

 330 

 15,863 

 16,193 

 7,258 

 8 Skyline Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1985 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 212 

 4,410 

 777 

 212 

 5,187 

 5,399 

 2,720 

 10 Skyline Drive 

 Office/Flex 

 1985 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 134 

 2,799 

 750 

 134 

 3,549 

 3,683 

 2,042 

 11 Skyline Drive (c) 

 Office/Flex 

 1989 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 4,788 

 763 

 &#151; 

 5,551 

 5,551 

 2,575 

 12 Skyline Drive (c) 

 Office/Flex 

 1999 

 1999 

 &#151; 

 1,562 

 3,254 

 218 

 1,320 

 3,714 

 5,034 

 1,644 

 15 Skyline Drive (c) 

 Office/Flex 

 1989 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 7,449 

 1,749 

 &#151; 

 9,198 

 9,198 

 3,906 

 17 Skyline Drive (c) 

 Office 

 1989 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 7,269 

 1,484 

 &#151; 

 8,753 

 8,753 

 4,269 

 Tarrytown 

 230 White Plains Road 

 Retail 

 1984 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 124 

 1,845 

 288 

 124 

 2,133 

 2,257 

 982 

 White Plains 

 1 Barker Avenue 

 Office 

 1975 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 208 

 9,629 

 3,001 

 207 

 12,631 

 12,838 

 5,919 

 3 Barker Avenue 

 Office 

 1983 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 122 

 7,864 

 1,930 

 122 

 9,794 

 9,916 

 4,769 

 50 Main Street 

 Office 

 1985 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 564 

 48,105 

 15,530 

 564 

 63,635 

 64,199 

 30,051 

 11 Martine Avenue 

 Office 

 1987 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 2,587 

 35,123 

 9,594 

 2,587 

 44,717 

 47,304 

 17,133 

 1 Water Street 

 Office 

 1979 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 211 

 5,382 

 1,273 

 211 

 6,655 

 6,866 

 4,352 

 Yonkers 

 100 Corporate Boulevard 

 Office/Flex 

 1987 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 602 

 9,910 

 1,397 

 602 

 11,307 

 11,909 

 5,696 

 200 Corporate Boulevard South 

 Office/Flex 

 1990 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 502 

 7,575 

 2,296 

 502 

 9,871 

 10,373 

 4,799 

 1 Enterprise Boulevard 

 Land Lease 

 N/A 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 1,379 

 &#151; 

 1 

 1,380 

 &#151; 

 1,380 

 &#151; 

 1 Executive Boulevard 

 Office 

 1982 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 1,104 

 11,904 

 3,719 

 1,105 

 15,622 

 16,727 

 7,269 

 2 Executive Boulevard 

 Retail 

 1986 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 89 

 2,439 

 107 

 89 

 2,546 

 2,635 

 1,253 

 3 Executive Boulevard 

 Office 

 1987 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 385 

 6,256 

 1,799 

 385 

 8,055 

 8,440 

 3,913 

 4 Executive Plaza 

 Office/Flex 

 1986 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 584 

 6,134 

 1,142 

 584 

 7,276 

 7,860 

 3,565 

 6 Executive Plaza 

 Office/Flex 

 1987 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 546 

 7,246 

 2,331 

 546 

 9,577 

 10,123 

 4,561 

 1 Odell Plaza 

 Office/Flex 

 1980 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 1,206 

 6,815 

 2,284 

 1,206 

 9,099 

 10,305 

 4,403 

 3 Odell Plaza 

 Office 

 1984 

 2003 

 &#151; 

 1,322 

 4,777 

 2,332 

 1,322 

 7,109 

 8,431 

 3,498 

 5 Odell Plaza 

 Office/Flex 

 1983 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 331 

 2,988 

 535 

 331 

 3,523 

 3,854 

 1,878 

 7 Odell Plaza 

 Office/Flex 

 1984 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 419 

 4,418 

 1,319 

 419 

 5,737 

 6,156 

 2,664 

 CONNECTICUT 

 Fairfield County 

 Stamford 

 419 West Avenue 

 Office/Flex 

 1986 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 4,538 

 9,246 

 1,452 

 4,538 

 10,698 

 15,236 

 5,773 

 129 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY CORPORATION, MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 December 31, 2016 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 
 SCHEDULE III 

 Gross Amount at Which 

 Costs 

 Carried at Close of 

 Initial Costs 

 Capitalized 

 Period (a) 

 Year 

 Related 

 Building and 

 Subsequent 

 Building and 

 Accumulated 

 Property Location 

 Built 

 Acquired 

 Encumbrances 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 to Acquisition 

 Land 

 Improvements 

 Total (d) 

 Depreciation (b) 

 500 West Avenue 

 Office/Flex 

 1988 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 415 

 1,679 

 646 

 415 

 2,325 

 2,740 

 975 

 550 West Avenue 

 Office/Flex 

 1990 

 1997 

 &#151; 

 1,975 

 3,856 

 133 

 1,975 

 3,989 

 5,964 

 1,960 

 600 West Avenue 

 Office/Flex 

 1999 

 1999 

 &#151; 

 2,305 

 2,863 

 754 

 2,305 

 3,617 

 5,922 

 1,519 

 650 West Avenue 

 Office/Flex 

 1998 

 1998 

 &#151; 

 1,328 

 &#151; 

 3,547 

 1,328 

 3,547 

 4,875 

 1,764 

 MASSACHUSETTS 

 Middlesex County 

 Malden 

 Chase at Overlook Ridge 

 Multi-Family 

 2016 

 2016 

 71,992 

 11,072 

 87,793 

 9 

 11,072 

 87,802 

 98,874 

 2,188 

 Chase II at Overlook Ridge 

 Multi-Family 

 2016 

 2016 

 34,366 

 10,755 

 10,846 

 43,181 

 10,755 

 54,027 

 64,782 

 39 

 Suffolk County 

 East Boston 

 Portside at Pier One 

 Multi-Family 

 2016 

 2016 

 58,505 

 &#151; 

 73,713 

 9 

 &#151; 

 73,722 

 73,722 

 1,675 

 Revere 

 Alterra at Overlook Ridge IA 

 Multi-Family 

 2004 

 2013 

 &#151; 

 9,042 

 50,671 

 1,322 

 9,042 

 51,993 

 61,035 

 5,188 

 Alterra at Overlook Ridge II 

 Multi-Family 

 2008 

 2013 

 &#151; 

 12,055 

 71,409 

 485 

 12,055 

 71,894 

 83,949 

 7,144 

 Projects Under Development and Developable Land 

 27,939 

 229,250 

 308,623 

 &#151; 

 229,250 

 308,623 

 537,873 

 4,966 

 Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 21,230 

 &#151; 

 21,230 

 21,230 

 7,186 

 TOTALS 

 813,585 

 697,773 

 3,457,953 

 649,141 

 661,335 

 4,143,532 

 4,804,867 

 1,332,073 

 (a) The aggregate cost for federal income tax purposes at December 31, 2016 was approximately $3.1 billion. 
 (b) Depreciation of buildings and improvements are calculated over lives ranging from the life of the lease to 40 years. 
 (c) This property is located on land leased by the Company. 
 (d) Properties identified as held for sale at December 31, 2016 are excluded. 
 
 130 

 MACK-CALI REALTY CORPORATION/MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTE TO SCHEDULE III 
 
 Changes in rental properties and accumulated depreciation for the periods ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows: (dollars in thousands) 

 2016 

 2015 

 2014 

 Rental Properties 

 Balance at beginning of year 

 $ 
 
 4,807,718 

 $ 
 
 4,958,179 

 $ 
 
 5,129,933 

 Additions 

 819,535 

 219,227 

 193,005 

 Rental property held for sale 

 (79,200 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Properties sold 

 (695,837 
 
 ) 
 
 (82,015 
 
 ) 
 
 (331,181 
 
 ) 

 Impairment charge 

 &#151; 

 (255,849 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Retirements/disposals 

 (47,349 
 
 ) 
 
 (31,824 
 
 ) 
 
 (33,578 
 
 ) 

 Balance at end of year 

 $ 
 
 4,804,867 

 $ 
 
 4,807,718 

 $ 
 
 4,958,179 

 Accumulated Depreciation 

 Balance at beginning of year 

 $ 
 
 1,464,482 

 $ 
 
 1,414,305 

 $ 
 
 1,400,988 

 Depreciation expense 

 151,569 

 147,447 

 143,278 

 Rental property held for sale 

 (31,792 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Properties sold 

 (204,837 
 
 ) 
 
 (7,517 
 
 ) 
 
 (96,383 
 
 ) 

 Impairment charge 

 &#151; 

 (57,929 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Retirements/disposals 

 (47,349 
 
 ) 
 
 (31,824 
 
 ) 
 
 (33,578 
 
 ) 

 Balance at end of year 

 $ 
 
 1,332,073 

 $ 
 
 1,464,482 

 $ 
 
 1,414,305 

 131 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY CORPORATION 
 MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P. 
 
 Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation 

 (Registrant) 

 Date: February 28, 2017 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Mitchell E. Rudin 

 Mitchell E. Rudin 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (principal executive officer) 

 Date: February 28, 2017 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Michael J. DeMarco 

 Michael J. DeMarco 

 President and Chief Operating Officer 

 Date: February 28, 2017 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Anthony Krug 

 Anthony Krug 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

 Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. 

 (Registrant) 

 By: Mack-Cali Realty Corporation 

 its General Partner 

 Date: February 28, 2017 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Mitchell E. Rudin 

 Mitchell E. Rudin 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (principal executive officer) 

 Date: February 28, 2017 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Michael J. DeMarco 

 Michael J. DeMarco 

 President and Chief Operating Officer 

 Date: February 28, 2017 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Anthony Krug 

 Anthony Krug 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

 132 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

 Name 

 Title 

 Date 

 /S/ WILLIAM L. MACK 

 Chairman of the Board 
 
 February 28, 2017 

 William L. Mack 

 /S/ MITCHELL E. RUDIN 

 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 February 28, 2017 

 Mitchell E. Rudin 

 (principal executive officer) 

 /S/ MICHAEL J. DEMARCO 

 President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 February 28, 2017 

 Michael J. DeMarco 

 /S/ ANTHONY KRUG 

 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 28, 2017 

 Anthony Krug 

 (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

 /S/ ALAN S. BERNIKOW 

 Director 
 
 February 28, 2017 

 Alan S. Bernikow 

 /S/ KENNETH M. DUBERSTEIN 

 Director 
 
 February 28, 2017 

 Kenneth M. Duberstein 

 /S/ NATHAN GANTCHER 

 Director 
 
 February 28, 2017 

 Nathan Gantcher 

 /S/ DAVID S. MACK 

 Director 
 
 February 28, 2017 

 David S. Mack 

 /S/ ALAN G. PHILIBOSIAN 

 Director 
 
 February 28, 2017 

 Alan G. Philibosian 

 /S/ IRVIN D. REID 

 Director 
 
 February 28, 2017 

 Irvin D. Reid 

 /S/ REBECCA ROBERTSON 

 Director 
 
 February 28, 2017 

 Rebecca Robertson 

 /S/ VINCENT TESE 

 Director 
 
 February 28, 2017 

 Vincent Tese 

 133 

 Table of Contents 
 
 MACK-CALI REALTY CORPORATION 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Exhibit Title 

 3.1 

 Articles of Restatement of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation dated September 18, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated September 17, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.2 

 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Restatement of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation as filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland on May 14, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated May 12, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.3 

 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation dated June 10, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated June 10, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.4 

 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation dated March 4, 2003, (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated March 31, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.5 

 Amendment No. 2 to the Mack-Cali Realty Corporation Amended and Restated Bylaws dated May 24, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated May 24, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.6 

 Amendment No. 3 to the Mack-Cali Realty Corporation Amended and Restated Bylaws dated May 14, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated 12, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.7 

 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. dated December 11, 1997 (filed as Exhibit 10.110 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 11, 1997 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.8 

 Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. dated August 21, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#146;s and the Operating Partnership&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-3, Registration No. 333-57103, and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.9 

 Second Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. dated July 6, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated July 6, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.10 

 Third Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. dated September 30, 2003 (filed as Exhibit 3.7 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.11 

 Fourth Amendment dated as of March 8, 2016 to Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. dated as of December 11, 1997 (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 8, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.12 

 Certificate of Designation of 3.5% Series A Preferred Limited Partnership Units of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. dated February 3, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 3, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.13* 

 Certificate of Designation of 3.5% Series A-1 Preferred Limited Partnership Units of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. dated February 28, 2017. 

 4.1 

 Indenture dated as of March 16, 1999, by and among Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as issuer, Mack-Cali Realty Corporation, as guarantor, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Operating Partnership&#146;s Form 8-K dated March 16, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.2 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 1 dated as of March 16, 1999, by and among Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Operating Partnership&#146;s Form 8-K dated March 16, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.3 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 2 dated as of August 2, 1999, by and among Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Operating Partnership&#146;s Form 10-Q dated June 30, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.4 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 3 dated as of December 21, 2000, by and among Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Operating Partnership&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 21, 2000 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 134 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Exhibit Title 

 4.5 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 4 dated as of January 29, 2001, by and among Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Operating Partnership&#146;s Form 8-K dated January 29, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.6 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 5 dated as of December 20, 2002, by and between Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Operating Partnership&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 20, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.7 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 6 dated as of March 14, 2003, by and between Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated March 14, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.8 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 7 dated as of June 12, 2003, by and between Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated June 12, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.9 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 8 dated as of February 9, 2004, by and between Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated February 9, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.10 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 9 dated as of March 22, 2004, by and between Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated March 22, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.11 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 10 dated as of January 25, 2005, by and between Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated January 25, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.12 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 11 dated as of April 15, 2005, by and between Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated April 15, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.13 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 12 dated as of November 30, 2005, by and between Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated November 30, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.14 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 13 dated as of January 24, 2006, by and between Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated January 18, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.15 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 14 dated as of August 14, 2009, by and between Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated August 14, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.16 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 15 dated as of April 19, 2012, by and between Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated April 19, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.17 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 16 dated as of November 20, 2012, by and between Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee. (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated November 20, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.18 

 Supplemental Indenture No. 17 dates as of May 8, 2013, by and between Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as issuer, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated May 8, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 135 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Exhibit Title 

 10.1 

 Contribution and Exchange Agreement among The MK Contributors, The MK Entities, The Patriot Contributors, The Patriot Entities, Patriot American Management and Leasing Corp., Cali Realty, L.P. and Cali Realty Corporation, dated September 18, 1997 (filed as Exhibit 10.98 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated September 19, 1997 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.2 

 First Amendment to Contribution and Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 11, 1997, by and among the Company and the Mack Group (filed as Exhibit 10.99 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 11, 1997 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.3 

 Employee Stock Option Plan of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-8, Registration No. 333-44443, and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.4 

 Director Stock Option Plan of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-8, Registration No. 333-44443, and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.5 

 2000 Employee Stock Option Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-8, Registration No. 333-52478, and incorporated herein by reference), as amended by the First Amendment to the 2000 Employee Stock Option Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.6 

 Amended and Restated 2000 Director Stock Option Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-8, Registration No. 333-100244, and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.7 

 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation 2004 Incentive Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-8, Registration No. 333-116437, and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.8 

 Amended and Restated Mack-Cali Realty Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 9, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.9 

 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation 2013 Incentive Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 Registration No. 333-188729, and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.10 

 Indemnification Agreement by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and William L. Mack dated October 22, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 10.101 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.11 

 Indemnification Agreement by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Alan S. Bernikow dated May 20, 2004 (filed as Exhibit 10.104 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.12 

 Indemnification Agreement by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Kenneth M. Duberstein dated September 13, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 10.106 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.13 

 Indemnification Agreement by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Nathan Gantcher dated October 22, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 10.107 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.14 

 Indemnification Agreement by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and David S. Mack dated December 11, 1997 (filed as Exhibit 10.108 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 136 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Exhibit Title 

 10.15 

 Indemnification Agreement by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Alan G. Philibosian dated October 22, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 10.109 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.16 

 Indemnification Agreement by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Irvin D. Reid dated October 22, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 10.110 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.17 

 Indemnification Agreement by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Vincent Tese dated October 22, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 10.111 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.18 

 Indemnification Agreement by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Roy J. Zuckerberg dated October 22, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 10.113 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.19* 

 Indemnification Agreement by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Rebecca Robertson dated September 27, 2016. 

 10.20 

 Indemnification Agreement by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Anthony Krug dated October 22, 2002 (filed as Exhibit 10.32 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.21 

 Indemnification Agreement by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Jonathan Litt dated March 3, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.33 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.22 

 Indemnification Agreement by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Gary T. Wagner dated November 11, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.23 

 Second Amendment to Contribution and Exchange Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2000, between RMC Development Company, LLC f/k/a Robert Martin Company, LLC, Robert Martin Eastview North Company, L.P., the Company and the Operating Partnership (filed as Exhibit 10.44 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-K dated December 31, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.24 

 Contribution and Exchange Agreement by and between Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. and Tenth Springhill Lake Associates L.L.L.P., Eleventh Springhill Lake Associates L.L.L.P., Twelfth Springhill Lake Associates L.L.L.P., Fourteenth Springhill Lake Associates L.L.L.P., each a Maryland limited liability limited partnership, Greenbelt Associates, a Maryland general partnership, and Sixteenth Springhill Lake Associates L.L.L.P., a Maryland limited liability limited partnership, and certain other natural persons, dated as of November 21, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 10.69 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-K dated December 31, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.25 

 Agreement of Purchase and Sale among SLG Broad Street A LLC and SLG Broad Street C LLC, as Sellers, and M-C Broad 125 A L.L.C. and M-C Broad 125 C L.L.C., as Purchasers, dated as of March 15, 2007 (filed as Exhibit 10.121 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated March 31, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.26 

 Mortgage and Security Agreement and Financing Statement dated October 28, 2008 between M-C Plaza V L.L.C., Cal-Harbor V Urban Renewal Associates, L.P., Cal-Harbor V Leasing Associates L.L.C., as Mortgagors and The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company and New York Life Insurance Company as Mortgagees (filed as Exhibit 10.131 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 137 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Exhibit Title 

 10.27 

 Promissory Note of M-C Plaza V L.L.C., Cal-Harbor V Urban Renewal Associates, L.P., Cal-Harbor V Leasing Associates L.L.C., as Borrowers, in favor of The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, as Lender, in the principal amount of $120,000,000, dated October 28, 2008. (filed as Exhibit 10.132 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.28 

 Promissory Note of M-C Plaza V L.L.C., Cal-Harbor V Urban Renewal Associates, L.P., Cal-Harbor V Leasing Associates L.L.C., as Borrowers, in favor of New York Life Insurance Company, as Lender, in the principal amount of $120,000,000, dated October 28, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 10.133 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.29 

 Guarantee of Recourse Obligations of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. in favor of The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company and New York Life Insurance Company dated October 28, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 10.134 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.30 

 Amended and Restated Master Loan Agreement dated as of January 15, 2010 among Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., and Affiliates of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as Borrowers, Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Mack-Cali Realty L.P., as Guarantors and The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC, as Lenders (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated January 15, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.31 

 Partial Recourse Guaranty of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. dated as of January 15, 2010 to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated January 15, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.32 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Mortgage and Security Agreement and Financing Statement dated as of January 15, 2010 by Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as Borrower, to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC, as Mortgagees with respect to Mack-Cali Centre I in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.165 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.33 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Mortgage and Security Agreement and Financing Statement dated as of January 15, 2010 by Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as Borrower, to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC, as Mortgagees with respect to Mack-Cali Centre II in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.166 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.34 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Mortgage and Security Agreement and Financing Statement dated as of January 15, 2010 by Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as Borrower, to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC, as Mortgagees with respect to Mack-Cali Centre III in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.167 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.35 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Mortgage and Security Agreement and Financing Statement dated as of January 15, 2010 by Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as Borrower, to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC, as Mortgagees with respect to Mack-Cali Centre IV in Bergen County, New Jersey filed as Exhibit 10.168 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.36 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Mortgage and Security Agreement and Financing Statement dated as of January 15, 2010 by Mack-Cali F Properties, L.P., as Borrower, to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC, as Mortgagees with respect to Mack-Cali Centre VII in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.169 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 138 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Exhibit Title 

 10.37 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Mortgage and Security Agreement and Financing Statement dated as of January 15, 2010 by Mack-Cali Chestnut Ridge, L.L.C., as Borrower, to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC, as Mortgagees with respect to Mack-Cali Corp. Center in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.170 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.38 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Mortgage and Security Agreement and Financing Statement dated as of January 15, 2010 by Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as Borrower, to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC, as Mortgagees with respect to Mack-Cali Saddle River in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.171 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.39 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Promissory Note dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. in favor of The Prudential Insurance Company of America with respect to Mack-Cali Centre I in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.172 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.40 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Promissory Note dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. in favor of VPCM, LLC with respect to Mack-Cali Centre I in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.173 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.41 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Promissory Note dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. in favor of The Prudential Insurance Company of America with respect to Mack-Cali Centre II in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.174 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.42 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Promissory Note dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. in favor of VPCM, LLC with respect to Mack-Cali Centre II in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.175 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.43 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Promissory Note dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. in favor of The Prudential Insurance Company of America with respect to Mack-Cali Centre III in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.176 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.44 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Promissory Note dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. in favor of VPCM, LLC with respect to Mack-Cali Centre III in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.177 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.45 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Promissory Note dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. in favor of The Prudential Insurance Company of America with respect to Mack-Cali Centre IV in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.178 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.46 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Promissory Note dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. in favor of VPCM, LLC with respect to Mack-Cali Centre IV in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.179 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.47 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Promissory Note dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali F Properties, L.P. in favor of The Prudential Insurance Company of America with respect to Mack-Cali Centre VII in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.180 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 139 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Exhibit Title 

 10.48 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Promissory Note dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali F Properties, L.P. in favor of VPCM, LLC with respect to Mack-Cali Centre VII in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.181 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.49 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Promissory Note dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Chestnut Ridge, L.L.C. in favor of The Prudential Insurance Company of America with respect to Mack-Cali Corp. Center in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.182 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.50 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Promissory Note dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Chestnut Ridge, L.L.C. in favor of VPCM, LLC with respect to Mack-Cali Corp. Center in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.183 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.51 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Promissory Note dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. in favor of The Prudential Insurance Company of America with respect to Mack-Cali Saddle River in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.184 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.52 

 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Promissory Note dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. in favor of VPCM, LLC with respect to Mack-Cali Saddle River in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.185 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.53 

 Recourse Liabilities Guaranty dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC with respect to certain liabilities of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. with respect to Mack-Cali Centre I in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.186 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.54 

 Recourse Liabilities Guaranty dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC with respect to certain liabilities of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. with respect to Mack-Cali Centre II in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.187 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.55 

 Recourse Liabilities Guaranty dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC with respect to certain liabilities of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. with respect to Mack-Cali Centre III in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.188 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.56 

 Recourse Liabilities Guaranty dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC with respect to certain liabilities of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. with respect to Mack-Cali Centre IV in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.189 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.57 

 Recourse Liabilities Guaranty dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC with respect to certain liabilities of Mack-Cali F Properties, L.P. with respect to Mack-Cali Centre VII in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.190 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 140 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Exhibit Title 

 10.58 

 Recourse Liabilities Guaranty dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC with respect to certain liabilities of Mack-Cali Chestnut Ridge, L.L.C. with respect to Mack-Cali Corp. Center in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.191 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.59 

 Recourse Liabilities Guaranty dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC with respect to certain liabilities of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. with respect to Mack-Cali Saddle River in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.192 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.60 

 Amended and Restated Irrevocable Cross Collateral Guaranty of Payment and Performance dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC with respect to Mack-Cali Centre I in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.193 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.61 

 Amended and Restated Irrevocable Cross Collateral Guaranty of Payment and Performance dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC with respect to Mack-Cali Centre II in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.194 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.62 

 Amended and Restated Irrevocable Cross Collateral Guaranty of Payment and Performance dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC with respect to Mack-Cali Centre III in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.195 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.63 

 Amended and Restated Irrevocable Cross Collateral Guaranty of Payment and Performance dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC with respect to Mack-Cali Centre IV in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.196 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.64 

 Amended and Restated Irrevocable Cross Collateral Guaranty of Payment and Performance dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali F Properties, L.P. to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC with respect to Mack-Cali Centre VII in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.197 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.65 

 Amended and Restated Irrevocable Cross Collateral Guaranty of Payment and Performance dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Chestnut Ridge, L.L.C. to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC with respect to Mack-Cali Corp. Center in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.198 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.66 

 Amended and Restated Irrevocable Cross Collateral Guaranty of Payment and Performance dated January 15, 2010 of Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. to The Prudential Insurance Company of America and VPCM, LLC with respect to Mack-Cali Saddle River in Bergen County, New Jersey (filed as Exhibit 10.199 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.67 

 Development Agreement dated December 5, 2011 by and between M-C Plaza VI & VII L.L.C. and Ironstate Development LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 5, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.68 

 Form of Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 5, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.69 

 Third Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement among Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as borrower, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent, the other agents listed therein and the lending institutions party thereto and referred to therein dated as of October 21, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 10.134 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q dated September 30, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 141 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Exhibit Title 

 10.70 

 Fourth Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of July 16, 2013 among Mack Cali Realty, L.P., as borrower, Mack-Cali Realty Corporation, as guarantor, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and the several Lenders party thereto, as lenders (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated July 16, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.71 

 Form of Restricted share Award Agreement effective December 10, 2013 by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and each of Mitchell E. Hersh, Barry Lefkowitz, Roger W. Thomas and Anthony Krug (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 10, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.72 

 Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement effective December 10, 2013 by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and each of William L. Mack, Alan S. Bernikow, Kenneth M. Duberstein, Nathan Gantcher, David S. Mack, Alan G. Philibosian, Dr. Irvin D. Reid, Vincent Tese and Roy J. Zuckerberg (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 10, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.73 

 Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement effective December 9, 2014 by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and each of William L. Mack, Alan S. Bernikow, Kenneth M. Duberstein, Nathan Gantcher, Jonathan Litt, David S. Mack, Alan G. Philibosian, Dr. Irvin D. Reid, Vincent Tese and Roy J. Zuckerberg (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 9, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.74 

 Membership Interest and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2012 (the &#147;Purchase Agreement&#148;), by and among Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., Mack-Cali Realty Corporation, Mack-Cali Realty Acquisition Corp., Roseland Partners, L.L.C., and, for the limited purposes stated in the Purchase Agreement, each of Marshall B. Tycher, Bradford R. Klatt and Carl Goldberg (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated October 8, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.75 

 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2013 by and between Overlook Ridge Phase I, L.L.C., Overlook Ridge Phase IB, L.L.C. and Mack-Cali Realty Acquisition Corp. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated January 17, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference) 

 10.76 

 Agreement of Sale and Purchase dated as of July 15, 2013 by and between Mack-Cali Pennsylvania Realty Associates, L.P., as seller, and Westlakes KPG III, LLC and Westlakes Land KPG III, LLC, as purchasers (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated July 18, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.77 

 Agreement of Sale and Purchase dated as of July 15, 2013 by and between M-C Rosetree Associates, L.P., as seller, and Rosetree KPG III, LLC and Rosetree Land KPG III, LLC, as purchasers (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated July 18, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.78 

 Agreement of Sale and Purchase dated as of July 15, 2013 by and between Mack-Cali-R Company No. 1 L.P., as seller, and Plymouth Meeting KPG III, LLC, as purchaser (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated July 18, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.79 

 Agreement of Sale and Purchase dated as of July 15, 2013 by and between Stevens Airport Realty Associates L.P., as seller, and Airport Land KPG III, LLC, as purchaser (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated July 18, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.8 

 Agreement of Sale and Purchase dated as of July 15, 2013 by and between Mack-Cali Airport Realty Associates L.P., as seller, and 100 Airport KPG III, LLC, 200 Airport KPG III, LLC and 300 Airport KPG III, LLC, as purchasers (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated July 18, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.81 

 Agreement of Sale and Purchase dated as of July 15, 2013 by and between Mack-Cali Property Trust, as seller, and 1000 Madison KPG III, LLC, as purchaser (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated July 18, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 142 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Exhibit Title 

 10.82 

 Agreement of Sale and Purchase dated as of July 15, 2013 by and between Monument 150 Realty L.L.C., as seller, and Monument KPG III, LLC, as purchaser (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated July 18, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.83 

 Agreement of Sale and Purchase dated as of July 15, 2013 by and between 4 Sentry Realty L.L.C. and Five Sentry Realty Associates L.P., as sellers, and Four Sentry KPG, LLC and Five Sentry KPG III, LLC, as purchasers (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated July 18, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.84 

 Agreement of Sale and Purchase dated as of February 24, 2014 by and between Talleyrand Realty Associates, L.L.C., as seller, and H&#146;Y2 Talleyrand, LLC, as purchaser (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated February 24, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.85 

 Agreement of Sale and Purchase dated as of February 24, 2014 by and between 400 Chestnut Realty L.L.C., as seller, and H&#146;Y2 400 Chestnut Ridge, LLC, as purchaser (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated February 24, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.86 

 Agreement of Sale and Purchase dated as of February 24, 2014 by and between 470 Chestnut Realty L.L.C., as seller, and H&#146;Y2 470 Chestnut Ridge, LLC, as purchaser (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated February 24, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.87 

 Agreement of Sale and Purchase dated as of February 24, 2014 by and between 530 Chestnut Realty L.L.C., as seller, and H&#146;Y2 530 Chestnut Ridge, LLC, as purchaser (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated February 24, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.88 

 Agreement of Sale and Purchase dated as of February 24, 2014 by and between Mack-Cali Taxter Associates, L.L.C., as seller, and H&#146;Y2 Taxter, LLC, as purchaser (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated February 24, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.89 

 Agreement of Sale and Purchase dated as of February 24, 2014 by and between Mack-Cali CW Realty Associates, L.L.C., as seller, and H&#146;Y2 570 Taxter, LLC, as purchaser (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated February 24, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.90 

 Agreement of Sale and Purchase dated as of February 24, 2014 by and between 1717 Realty Associates L.L.C., as seller, and H&#146;Y2 Ruote 208, LLC, as purchaser (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated February 24, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.91 

 Agreement of Sale and Purchase dated as of February 24, 2014 by and between Knightsbridge Realty L.L.C., as seller, and H&#146;Y2 400 Knightsbridge, LLC, as purchaser (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated February 24, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.92 

 Agreement of Sale and Purchase dated as of February 24, 2014 by and between Kemble Plaza II Realty L.L.C., as seller, and H&#146;Y2 400 Mt Kemble, LLC, as purchaser (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated February 24, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.93 

 Agreement of Sale and Purchase dated as of February 24, 2014 by and between 1266 Soundview Realty L.L.C., as seller, and H&#146;Y2 Stamford, LLC, as purchaser (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated February 24, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.94 

 Agreement dated February 28, 2014 by and among Mack-Cali Realty Corporation, Land & Buildings Capital Growth Fund, L.P., Land & Buildings Investment Management,LLC and Jonathan Litt (filed as Exhibit 10.116 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.95 

 Settlement and General Release Agreement dated March 1, 2014 by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Barry Lefkowitz (filed as Exhibit 10.117 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 143 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Exhibit Title 

 10.96 

 Settlement and General Release Agreement dated March 1, 2014 by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Roger W. Thomas (filed as Exhibit 10.118 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.97 

 Restricted share Award Agreement effective March 19, 2014 by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Anthony Krug (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Form 8-K dated March 21, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.98 

 Separation Agreement dated July 18, 2014 by and between Roseland Management Services, L.P. and Bradford R. Klatt (filed as Exhibit 10.122 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.99 

 Separation Agreement dated July 18, 2014 by and between Roseland Management Services, L.P. and Carl Goldberg (filed as Exhibit 10.123 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.100 

 Amendment to Membership Interest and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2014, by and among Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., Mack-Cali Realty Corporation, Mack-Cali Realty Acquisition Corp., Canoe Brook Investors, L.L.C. (formerly known as Roseland Partners, L.L.C.), Marshall B. Tycher, Bradford R. Klatt and Carl Goldberg (filed as Exhibit 10.124 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.101 

 Consulting Agreement dated July 18, 2014 by and between Roseland Management Services, L.P. and Carl Goldberg and Devra Goldberg (filed as Exhibit 10.125 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.102 

 Separation Agreement dated November 4, 2014 by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Mitchell E. Hersh (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 4, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.103 

 Severance Agreement dated March 4, 2015 by and between Anthony Krug and Mack-Cali Realty Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 4, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.104 

 Severance Agreement dated March 4, 2015 by and between Gary T. Wagner and Mack-Cali Realty Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 4, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.105 

 Employment Agreement dated June 3, 2015 by and between Mitchell E. Rudin and Mack-Cali Realty Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 3, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.106 

 Employment Agreement dated June 3, 2015 by and between Michael J. DeMarco and Mack-Cali Realty Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 3, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.107 

 Indemnification Agreement dated June 3, 2015 by and between Mitchell E. Rudin and Mack-Cali Realty Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.129 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.108 

 Indemnification Agreement dated June 3, 2015 by and between Michael J. DeMarco and Mack-Cali Realty Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.130 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.109 

 Indemnification Agreement dated September 22, 2015 by and between Marshall B. Tycher and Mack-Cali Realty Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.131 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 144 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Exhibit Title 

 10.110 

 Employment Agreement dated October 23, 2012 by and between Marshall B. Tycher and Mack-Cali Realty Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.132 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.111 

 Indemnification Agreement dated June 10, 2013 by and between Ricardo Cardoso and Mack-Cali Realty Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.133 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.112 

 Term Loan Agreement dated as of January 7, 2016 among Mack Cali Realty, L.P., as borrower, Mack-Cali Realty Corporation, as guarantor, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities LLC as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, Bank of American, N.A., as administrative agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and Capital One, National Association, as syndication agents, U.S. Bank National Association, as documentation agent, and the several Lenders party thereto, as lenders (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 6, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.113 

 International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 2002 Master Agreement dated as of December 30, 2015 by and between Capital One, National Association and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 6, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.114 

 International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 2002 Master Agreement dated as of January 4, 2016 by and between Citibank, N.A. and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 6, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.115 

 International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 2002 Master Agreement dated as of January 6, 2016 by and between Comerica Bank and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 6, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.116 

 International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 2002 Master Agreement dated as of January 5, 2016 by and between PNC Bank, National Association and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 6, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.117 

 International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 2002 Master Agreement dated as of December 21, 2015 by and between U.S. Bank National Association and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 6, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.118 

 Form of 2016 Time-Based Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 8, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.119 

 Form of 2016 Performance-Based Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 8, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.120 

 Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement effective March 8, 2016 by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and each of William L. Mack, Alan S. Bernikow, Kenneth M. Duberstein, Nathan Gantcher, Jonathan Litt, David S. Mack, Alan G. Philibosian, Dr. Irvin D. Reid, Vincent Tese and Roy J. Zuckerberg (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 8, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.121 

 Agreement of Purchase and Sale among M-C Broad A L.L.C. and M-C Broad C L.L.C., collectively, as Seller, and 125 Acquisition LLC, as Purchaser, dated as of March 10, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 10, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 145 

 Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 

 Number 

 Exhibit Title 

 10.122 

 Employment Agreement dated April 15, 2016 by and between Robert Andrew Marshall and Roseland Residential Trust (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 15, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.123 

 Real Estate Sale Agreement by and between HUB Properties Trust and 111 River Realty L.L.C. dated April 22, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.145 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.124 

 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement dated as of January 25, 2017 among Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent and fronting bank, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and Bank of America, N.A. as syndication agents and fronting banks, and the other agents listed therein and the lending institutions party thereto and referred to therein (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 25, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.125* 

 Preferred Equity Investment Agreement Among Mack-Cali Realty Corporation, Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., Mack-Cali Property Trust, Mack-Cali Test Property, L.P., Roseland Residential Trust, Roseland Residential Holding L.L.C., Roseland Residential L.P., RPIIA-RLA, L.L.C. and RPIIA-RLB, L.L.C. dated as of February 27, 2017. 

 10.126* 

 Form of Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Roseland Residential, L.P. 

 10.127* 

 Form of Shareholders Agreement of Roseland Residential Trust. 

 10.128* 

 Form of Discretionary Demand Promissory Note. 

 10.129* 

 Form of Shared Services Agreement by and between Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. and Roseland Residential, L.P. 

 10.130* 

 Form of Recourse Agreement by and between Mack-Cali Realty Corporation, Mack-Cali Realty, L.P., Roseland Residential Trust, RP-RLA, LLC and RP-RLB, LLC. 

 10.131* 

 Form of Registration Rights Agreement. 

 10.132* 

 Form of Indemnity Agreement. 

 12.1* 

 Calculation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges and of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Security Dividends for the General Partner. 

 12.2* 

 Calculation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges and of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Security Dividends for the Operating Partnership. 

 21.1* 

 Subsidiaries of the General Partner. 

 21.2* 

 Subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership. 

 23.1* 

 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, with respect to the General Partner. 

 23.2* 

 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, with respect to the Operating Partnership. 

 31.1* 

 Certification of the General Partner&#146;s Chief Executive Officer, Mitchell E. Rudin, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the General Partner. 

 31.2* 

 Certification of the General Partner&#146;s President and Chief Operating Officer, Michael J. DeMarco, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the General Partner. 

 31.3* 

 Certification of the General Partner&#146;s Chief Financial Officer, Anthony Krug, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the General Partner. 

 31.4* 

 Certification of the General Partner&#146;s Chief Executive Officer, Mitchell E. Rudin, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the Operating Partnership. 

 31.5* 

 Certification of the General Partner&#146;s President and Chief Operating Officer, Michael J. DeMarco, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the Operating Partnership. 

 31.6* 

 Certification of the General Partner&#146;s Chief Financial Officer, Anthony Krug, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the Operating Partnership. 

 32.1* 

 Certification of the General Partner&#146;s Chief Executive Officer, Mitchell E. Rudin, the General Partner&#146;s President and Chief Operating Officer, Michael J. DeMarco and the General Partner&#146;s Chief Financial Officer, Anthony Krug, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the General Partner. 

 32.2* 

 Certification of the General Partner&#146;s Chief Executive Officer, Mitchell E. Rudin, the General Partner&#146;s President and Chief Operating Officer, Michael J. DeMarco and the General Partner&#146;s Chief Financial Officer, Anthony Krug, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the Operating Partnership. 

 101.1* 

 The following financial statements from Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and Mack-Cali Realty, L.P. from their combined Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 * filed herewith 
 
 146 

