 
 10-K
 1
 a12-1379_110k.htm
 10-K

 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 10-K 
 
 x Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For The Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2011 
 
 or 
 
 o Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number 001-32185 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 Maryland 

 36-3953261 

 (State or other jurisdiction 

 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

 of incorporation or organization) 

 2901 Butterfield Road, Oak Brook, Illinois 

 60523 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

 (Zip code) 

 Registrant&#146;s telephone number, including area code: 630-218-8000 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 Title of each class: 

 Name of each exchange on which registered: 

 Common Stock, $0.01 par value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 8.125% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 

 New York Stock Exchange 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o No x 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o No x 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer,&#148; &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check One): 

 Large accelerated filer x 

 Accelerated filer o 

 Non-accelerated filer o 

 Smaller reporting company o 

 (do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No x 
 
 As of June 30, 2011, the aggregate market value of the shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $680,103,341. 
 
 As of February 27, 2012 there were 89,030,851 shares of common stock outstanding. 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: Portions of the registrant&#146;s proxy statement for the annual stockholders meeting to be held in 2012 are incorporated by reference into Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14. 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 (a Maryland corporation) 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Page 

 Part I 

 Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 2 

 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 6 

 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 15 

 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 16 

 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 32 

 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 32 

 Part II 

 Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 33 

 Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 36 

 Item 7. 
 
 Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 37 

 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 61 

 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 62 

 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 112 

 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 112 

 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 112 

 Part III 

 Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 113 

 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 113 

 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 113 

 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 113 

 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 113 

 Part IV 

 Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 114 

 Signatures 
 
 115 

 Exhibit Index 
 
 116 
 
 1 

 Table of Contents 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 General 
 
 Inland Real Estate Corporation, a Maryland corporation, was formed on May 12, 1994. We are a publicly held real estate investment trust (&#147;REIT&#148;) that owns, operates and develops (directly or through our unconsolidated entities) open-air neighborhood, community and power shopping centers and single-tenant retail properties located primarily in Midwest markets. 
 
 In this report, all references to &#147;we,&#148; &#147;our&#148; and &#147;us&#148; refer collectively to Inland Real Estate Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. All amounts in this Form 10-K are stated in thousands with the exception of per share amounts, per square foot amounts, square feet, number of properties, number of states, number of leases and number of employees. 
 
 Approximately sixty-five percent of our total retail portfolio (consolidated plus unconsolidated) gross leasable area (&#147;GLA&#148;) is located in the Chicago Metropolitan Statistical Area (&#147;MSA&#148;), with our second largest market concentration being approximately eighteen percent in the Minneapolis-St. Paul MSA. Tenants at our retail properties primarily provide &#147;everyday&#148; goods and services to consumers. The primary drivers of our internal income growth are rental rate increases over expiring rates on new and renewal leases and cost savings from operational efficiencies. As of December 31, 2011, we owned interests in 146 investment properties, including those owned through our unconsolidated joint ventures, comprised of: 
 
 &#183; Sixty-one neighborhood retail centers totaling approximately 4,249,000 gross leasable square feet; 
 
 &#183; Twenty-three community centers totaling approximately 3,129,000 gross leasable square feet; 
 
 &#183; Thirty-two power centers totaling approximately 4,959,000 gross leasable square feet; 
 
 &#183; One lifestyle center totaling approximately 561,000 gross leasable square feet; and 
 
 &#183; Twenty-nine single-user properties totaling approximately 1,334,000 gross leasable square feet. 
 
 Management has implemented external growth initiatives that utilize our financing, acquisition, leasing and property management expertise to drive incremental income growth. Our external growth initiatives consist of three types of unconsolidated joint venture activities: a joint venture with Inland Private Capital Corporation (&#147;IPCC&#148;), formerly Inland Real Estate Exchange Corporation, through which we source, acquire and manage properties for 1031 tenant-in-common (&#147;TIC&#148;) or Delaware Statutory Trust (&#147;DST&#148;) buyers and asset-based joint ventures with New York State Teachers Retirement System (&#147;NYSTRS&#148;) and PGGM Private Real Estate Fund (&#147;PGGM&#148;), through which we source, acquire and manage Midwest retail properties 
 
 Our asset-based ventures with NYSTRS and PGGM enable us to generate fee income via the acquisition, leasing, and property management services we provide to the ventures. The NYSTRS joint venture was formed in 2004 and acquired $312,000 of stabilized retail assets in Midwest markets. Subsequent to the change in control transaction involving Algonquin Commons during 2010, the joint venture owns $158,000 in acquisition value of retail assets. The joint venture does not intend to acquire additional assets at this time. The joint venture agreement expired on October 8, 2011 and has been temporarily extended, at the same terms, through June 30, 2012, while a permanent extension is negotiated. 
 
 The PGGM joint venture was formed in June 2010 to acquire up to $270,000 of grocery-anchored and community retail centers in Midwestern U.S. markets. As of December 31, 2011, the PGGM joint venture had acquired retail assets totaling approximately $153,000 in acquisition value. 
 
 2 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Our joint venture with IPCC, formed in 2006, leverages our respective skill sets to access the growth potential of the 1031 TIC and DST market and increase our fee income. In accordance with the agreement, we source properties and provide financing, acquisition and asset management expertise through the venture, while IPCC provides syndication expertise and access, through Inland Securities Corporation, to a network of broker dealers that market the properties to TIC and DST investors. We believe our joint venture with IPCC enables us to effectively manage our resources due to the revolving nature of the investment capital and is a capital-efficient means to generate additional acquisition fee income and a long-term management fee income stream which is received for managing properties for TIC and DST entities. This fee income has proven to be particularly valuable when market turmoil impacts core portfolio performance. 
 
 Competition 
 
 In seeking new investment opportunities, we compete with other real estate companies, some of which may have greater financial resources than us. At our current investment properties, we compete with other owners of similar properties for tenants. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully compete with these other owners in development, acquisition and leasing activities in the future. 
 
 Our business is competitive. We compete with other property owners on the basis of location, rental rates, operating expenses, visibility, quality of the property, volume of traffic, strength and name recognition of other tenants at each location and other factors. These competitive factors affect the level of occupancy and rental rates that we are able to achieve at our investment properties. In addition, our tenants compete against other forms of retailing such as catalog companies and e-commerce websites that offer similar retail products. To remain competitive, we evaluate all of the factors affecting our centers and try to position them accordingly. We believe that retailers consider consumer demographics; quality, design and location of properties; the diversity of the retailers and anchor tenants at our investment property locations; management and operational expertise; and rental rates, when making their leasing decisions. Considering these factors, we believe the overall quality and location of our individual properties allow us to effectively compete for retailers in our markets. Because our revenues are ultimately linked to our tenant&#146;s success, we are indirectly affected by the same competitive factors, such as consumer spending habits and on-line shopping, as our tenants. 
 
 Segments 
 
 We assess and measure operating results on an individual property basis. Since all of our investment properties exhibit highly similar economic characteristics, generally have tenants that offer products catering to the day-to-day living needs of individuals and offer similar degrees of risk and opportunities for growth, the shopping centers have been aggregated and reported as one operating segment. See footnote 17 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our segment reporting. Information for each of the last five fiscal years about revenues, a measure of income and total assets, can be found in Item 6 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Tax Status 
 
 We have qualified and elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the &#147;Code&#148;) for federal income tax purposes commencing with the tax year ended December 31, 1995. Since we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we generally are not subject to federal income tax on taxable income that is distributed to stockholders; however we are subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that we distribute at least 90% of our taxable income to our stockholders, subject to certain adjustments. Moreover, we may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income, property or net worth and federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed income. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, without the benefit of certain relief provisions of the Code, we will be subject to federal and state income taxes on our taxable income at regular corporate tax rates. 
 
 We engage in certain activities through our wholly owned taxable REIT subsidiaries (&#147;TRS entities&#148;), Inland Venture Corporation (&#147;IVC&#148;) and Inland Exchange Venture Corporation (&#147;IEVC&#148;). TRS entities engage in activities that would otherwise produce income that would not be REIT qualifying income, such as managing properties owned through our joint ventures. TRS entities are subject to federal and state income and franchise taxes. 
 
 3 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of December 31, 2011, we employed a total of 111 people, none of whom are represented by a union. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 We review and monitor compliance with federal, state and local provisions, which have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of material into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. For the year ended December 31, 2011, we did not incur any material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities nor do we anticipate incurring material amounts during the remainder of the current fiscal year or the year ending December 31, 2013. 
 
 We believe that all of our investment properties comply in all material respects with all federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations regarding hazardous or toxic substances. The environmental condition of our investment properties may be adversely affected by our tenants, by conditions of near-by properties or by unrelated third parties. All of our investment properties have been subjected to Phase I or similar environmental audits at the time they were acquired. These audits, performed by independent consultants, generally involve a review of records and visual inspection of the property. These audits do not include soil sampling or ground water analysis. These audits have not revealed, nor are we aware of, any environmental liability that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our operations. These audits may not, however, reveal all potential environmental liabilities. Additionally, we periodically engage third party environmental specialists to complete site inspections on certain investment properties, namely those occupied by dry cleaners, oil change facilities and print shops, to ensure that the environmental condition of the respective property has not changed. 
 
 Green Initiatives 
 
 We are a member of the U.S. Green Building Council (&#147;USGBC&#148;), which allows us the ability to monitor and comment on conservation and sustainability trends in the marketplace. We made a commitment to improving energy efficiency since sustainability became a national concern and long before Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (&#147;LEED&#148;) certification became possible for existing buildings and operations. Over the past decade, many initiatives have been undertaken at the centers we manage that have resulted in reductions of energy consumption, waste and improved maintenance cycles. Also, the savings we have obtained through the implementation of these initiatives makes our properties more competitive in the leasing marketplace. Some initiatives that we have implemented are: 
 
 &#183; Locally grown drought and salt tolerant native grasses and perennials are utilized with smart irrigation controllers ensuring lower fuel waste for delivery, plant materials that can thrive in the environment and reduced water usage. 
 
 &#183; Electric timers allow each light pole to be remotely activated as needed with up to 30% turned off by midnight. New pulse start ballasts and bulbs are being phased in to replace old ballasts. New fixture head designs and configurations improve the quality of lighting at the same or less wattage. Electricity savings results in a payback of three years. 
 
 &#183; New HVAC equipment is specified at a minimum of 12 SEER (Seasonal Energy Efficiency Ratings) and economizers to reduce mechanical cooling loads and variable speed blowers reduce energy consumption. 
 
 &#183; Roof replacements are being specified with minimum R-19 insulation and TPO (Thermoplastic Polyolefin) membrane systems to reduce cooling loads and improve heat retention. 
 
 &#183; Alternative transportation is supported through the use of bicycle racks at all shopping centers and establishment of public bus stops on or adjacent to properties. 
 
 &#183; Many national tenants have implemented their own initiatives including the use of energy management systems, use of more natural lighting, reduction of waste production, improved recycling programs and use of more renewable source materials. 
 
 4 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Access to Company Information 
 
 We make available, free of charge, through our website, and by responding to requests addressed to our director of investor relations, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports. These reports are available as soon as reasonably practical after such material is electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. Our website address is www.inlandrealestate.com. The information contained on our website, or on other websites linked to our website, is not part of this document. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 The Inland name and our logo are used under license from The Inland Group, Inc. The license permits our use of the Inland name and our logo in connection with the business of acquiring, owning, operating, managing and disposing of neighborhood retail centers and community centers in the continental United States. The term of the license is indefinite but shall be terminable upon the occurrence of certain events, including but not limited to a change of control, the filing of a claim or lien upon a substantial portion of our assets which is not released, expunged or dismissed within 60 days of filing and which would have a material adverse effect on our business or a general assignment of our assets for the benefit of any creditor. 
 
 Executive Officers 
 
 The following sets forth certain information with regard to our executive officers as of January 1, 2012: 
 
 Mark E. Zalatoris, 54. President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Zalatoris became a full-time employee in July 2000 and was promoted to president and chief executive officer in April 2008. 
 
 Brett A. Brown, 47. Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Brown joined us in May 2004. 
 
 Beth Sprecher Brooks, 57. Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Ms. Brooks joined us in November 2002 and became our general counsel in 2006. 
 
 William W. Anderson, 53. Vice President &#151; Transactions. Mr. Anderson joined us in July 2000. 
 
 D. Scott Carr, 46. President of Inland Commercial Property Management, Inc. (&#147;ICPM&#148;). Mr. Carr has been employed by ICPM since 1994. We acquired ICPM in July 2000. 
 
 Certifications 
 
 We have filed with the SEC the chief executive officer and chief financial officer certifications required pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which are attached as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, we have filed the certification of our chief executive officer with the New York Stock Exchange (&#147;NYSE&#148;) for 2011 as required pursuant to Section 303A.12(a) of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. Our chief executive officer certified that he was not aware of any violation by us of the NYSE&#146;s corporate governance listing standards as of the date of the certification. 
 
 5 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Set forth below are the risk factors that we believe are material to our investors. The occurrence of any of the risks discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 Real Estate Risks 
 
 We c ompete with numerous other parties or entities for real estate and tenants. We compete with numerous other persons or entities seeking to buy real estate assets, or to attract tenants to properties we already own, including REITs or other real estate operating companies. These persons or entities may have greater experience and financial strength. There is no assurance that we will be able to acquire additional real estate assets or attract tenants on favorable terms, if at all. For example, our competitors may be willing to purchase properties at prices that result in yields below what we believe is our minimum required yield or may offer space at properties that compete with ours at rental rates below our existing rates, causing us to lose existing or potential tenants and pressuring us to reduce our rental rates to retain existing tenants or convince new tenants to lease space at our properties. 
 
 Our performance and value are subject to risks associated with our real estate assets and with the real estate industry. Our economic performance and the value of our real estate assets, and consequently the value of your shares, are subject to the risk that if our properties do not generate revenues sufficient to meet our operating expenses, including debt service and capital expenditures, our cash flow and ability to pay distributions to you will be adversely affected. The following factors, among others, may adversely affect the income generated by our properties: 
 
 &#183; downturns in the national, regional and local economic climate; 
 
 &#183; competition from other retail properties; 
 
 &#183; local real estate market conditions, such as oversupply or reduction in demand for retail properties; 
 
 &#183; changes in interest rates and availability of financing; 
 
 &#183; vacancies, changes in market rental rates and the need to periodically repair, renovate and re-lease space; 
 
 &#183; increased operating costs, including, but not limited to, insurance expense, utilities, real estate taxes, state and local taxes, and heightened security costs; 
 
 &#183; civil disturbances, natural disasters, or terrorist acts or acts of war which may result in uninsured or underinsured losses; 
 
 &#183; significant expenditures associated with each investment, such as debt service payments, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs which are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in revenues from properties; and 
 
 &#183; declines in the financial condition of our tenants and our ability to collect rents from our tenants. 
 
 Tenants may fail to pay their rent, declare bankruptcy or seek to restructure their leases. We derive substantially all of our revenue from leasing space at our investment properties. Thus, our results may be negatively affected by the failure of tenants to pay rent when due. We may experience substantial delays and expense enforcing rights against tenants who do not pay their rent or who seek the protection of the bankruptcy laws. Even if a tenant does not seek the protection of the bankruptcy laws, the tenant may from time to time experience a downturn in its business which may weaken its financial condition and its ability to make rental payments when due, leading the tenant to seek revisions to its leases. 
 
 6 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Leases on approximately 4% of total leased square feet in our consolidated portfolio and approximately 5% in our unconsolidated portfolio expire during 2012. As leases expire, we may not be able to renew or re-lease space at rates comparable to, or better than, the rates contained in the expiring leases, or at all. Leases on approximately 436,000 square feet, or approximately 4% of total leased square feet of approximately 9,705,000 in our consolidated portfolio, will expire prior to December 31, 2012. Leases on approximately 120,000 square feet, or approximately 5% of total leased square feet of approximately 2,336,000 in our unconsolidated portfolio based on our percent ownership, will expire prior to December 31, 2012. If we fail to renew or re-lease space at rates that are at least comparable to the rates on expiring leases, revenues at the impacted properties will decline. Further, we may have to spend significant sums of money to renew or re-lease space covered by expiring leases. 
 
 Property taxes may increase. We are required to pay taxes based on the assessed value of our investment properties determined by various taxing authorities such as state or local governments. These taxing authorities may increase the tax rate imposed on a property or may reassess property value, either of which would increase the amount of taxes due on that property. 
 
 We face risks associated with property acquisitions. We have acquired, and may continue to acquire properties and portfolios of properties, including large properties that could increase our size and result in alterations to our capital structure. Our acquisition activities and their success are subject to the following risks: 
 
 &#183; we may be unable to obtain financing for acquisitions on favorable terms or at all; 
 
 &#183; acquired properties may fail to perform as expected; 
 
 &#183; the actual costs of repositioning and redeveloping acquired properties may be higher than our estimates; 
 
 &#183; acquired properties may be located in new markets where we may face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy, lack of business relationships in the area and unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures; and 
 
 &#183; we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations. 
 
 Acquired properties may expose us to unknown liability. We may acquire properties subject to known and unknown liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse. As a result, if a liability were asserted against us based upon ownership of those properties, we might have to pay substantial sums to settle it. Unknown liabilities with respect to acquired properties might include: 
 
 &#183; liabilities for clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination; 
 
 &#183; claims by tenants, vendors or other persons against the former owners of the properties; 
 
 &#183; liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business; and 
 
 &#183; claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties. 
 
 We may not be able to quickly vary our portfolio. Investments in real estate are relatively illiquid. Except in certain circumstances, in order to continue qualifying as a REIT, we are subject to rules and regulations that limit the ability to sell investment properties within a short period of time. 
 
 The recent market disruptions may adversely affect the value of our investment properties. The recent market volatility will likely make the valuation of our investment properties and those of our unconsolidated joint ventures more difficult. There may be significant uncertainty in the valuation, or in the stability of the value of our investment properties and those of our unconsolidated joint ventures, that could result in a substantial decrease in the value of our properties and those of our unconsolidated joint ventures. As a result, we may not be able to recover the carrying amount of our properties and/or our investment in our unconsolidated joint ventures and we may be required to recognize an impairment charge, which would reduce our reported earnings. 
 
 7 

 Table of Contents 
 
 For example, during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2009, we recorded approximately $2,841 and $1,824, respectively of such impairment charges related to certain consolidated properties. The impairment charges were required because we determined that the carrying value of the properties were higher than their fair values and required adjustment. No impairment charges to consolidated properties were recorded or required during the year ended December 31, 2010. Similarly, during the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, we recorded approximately $7,824, 2,498 and 14,753, respectively (amounts equal to our pro rata share of impairment charges on certain unconsolidated development joint venture projects) to reflect the properties at fair value and we recorded approximately $5,223, $18,190 and $2,872, respectively in impairment losses to record our investment in certain unconsolidated joint ventures at their fair values. 
 
 A proposed change in U.S. accounting standards for leases could reduce the overall demand to lease our properties. The existing accounting standards for leases require lessees to classify their leases as either capital or operating leases. Under a capital lease, both the leased asset and the contractual lease obligation are recorded on the tenant&#146;s balance sheet if one of the following criteria are met: (i) the lease transfers ownership of the property to the lessee by the end of the lease term; (ii) the lease contains a bargain purchase option; (iii) the non-cancellable lease term is more than 75% of the useful life of the asset; or (iv) the present value of the minimum lease payments equals 90% or more of the leased property&#146;s fair value. If the terms of the lease do not meet these criteria, the lease is considered an operating lease, and no leased asset or contractual lease obligation is recorded by the tenant. 
 
 In order to address concerns raised by the SEC regarding the transparency of contractual lease obligations under the existing accounting standards for operating leases, the U.S. Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) and the International Accounting Standards Board (&#147;IASB&#148;) initiated a joint project to develop new guidelines for lease accounting. The FASB and IASB (collectively, the &#147;Boards&#148;) issued an Exposure Draft on August 17, 2010 (the &#147;Exposure Draft&#148;), which proposes substantial changes to the current lease accounting standards, primarily by eliminating the concept of operating lease accounting. As a result, a lease asset and obligation will be recorded on the tenant&#146;s balance sheet for all lease arrangements. In addition, the Exposure Draft will impact the method in which contractual lease payments will be recorded. In order to mitigate the effect of the proposed lease accounting, tenants may seek to negotiate certain terms of new lease arrangements or modify terms in existing lease arrangements, such as shorter lease terms or fewer extension options, which would generally have less impact on tenants&#146; balance sheets. Also, tenants may reassess their lease-versus-buy strategies. This could result in a greater renewal risk or shorter lease terms, which may negatively impact our operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 The Exposure Draft does not include a proposed effective date; however, the Boards plan to issue a proposed lease accounting standard in the first half of 2012 followed by a final standard regarding lease accounting in the second half of 2012. 
 
 Investment Risks 
 
 We may incur additional indebtedness, which may harm our financial position and cash flow and potentially impact our ability to pay dividends on our preferred and common stock. As of December 31, 2011, we had approximately $700,417 of indebtedness, $391,202 of which was secured. We may incur additional indebtedness and become more highly leveraged, which could harm our financial position and potentially limit our cash available to pay dividends. As a result, we may not have sufficient funds remaining to pay dividends on our preferred and common stock. Increases in our borrowing and the resulting increase in our leverage could affect our financial condition and make it more difficult for us to comply with our financial covenants governing our indebtedness. 
 
 8 

 Table of Contents 
 
 If we pay distributions that exceed our cash flow from operations, we will have less funds available for other purposes and the amount of distributions may not be sustainable. For the year ended December 31, 2011, we paid distributions totaling approximately $779 and $50,500 to our preferred and common stockholders, respectively. Our net cash provided by operating activities was approximately $63,274. For the year ended December 31, 2010, we paid distributions totaling approximately $48,885 to our common stockholders. Our net cash provided by operating activities was approximately $59,523. To the extent that net cash provided by operating activities declines we may be forced to consider reducing our distributions or the amount that we pay in cash in order to preserve a cushion between the amount of cash distributions paid and net cash provided by operating activities. To the extent that we pay cash distributions exceeding net cash provided by operating activities, we will have less cash available for other purposes including acquiring new investment properties, funding capital expenditures on existing investment properties, funding cash requirements for our various joint ventures or repaying debt. If these other requirements cannot be reduced, we will likely be forced to reduce the amount of our cash distributions. 
 
 We have changed the amount of our distributions in the past and may change our distribution policy in the future. Recognizing the need to maintain maximum financial flexibility in light of the state of the capital markets, in 2009 we reduced the amount we paid monthly in distributions to $0.0475 per common share. We have continued to pay this amount monthly and we currently expect to continue to pay monthly cash dividends at this rate in 2012, but we may change our distribution policy again at any time in the future. 
 
 The decision to declare and pay distributions on our common stock in the future, as well as the timing, amount and composition of any future distributions, will depend on our earnings, cash flows from operations, funds from operations, liquidity, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual prohibitions or other limitations under our indebtedness, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code, state law and any other factors we deem relevant. Any change in our distribution policy or the amount of distributions we pay to common stockholders could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock as well as on our preferred stock. 
 
 Our shareholders have experienced dilution as a result of our recent offerings and they may experience further dilution if we issue additional stock. The issuance of common stock in our offering completed in May 2009 and our current at-the-market (&#147;ATM&#148;) issuance program and the issuance of preferred stock in October 2011 have, and may continue to have, a dilutive effect on our earnings per share. Any additional issuances of stock may also further reduce the percentage of our stock owned by investors who do not participate in these future issuances. Shareholders are not entitled to vote on whether or not we issue additional stock. In addition, depending on the terms and pricing of an additional offering of our stock and the value of our properties, our shareholders may experience dilution in both the book value and fair value of their shares. 
 
 Changes in market conditions could adversely affect the market price of our preferred and common stock. The trading price of our shares, like other publicly traded equity securities, depends on various market conditions that may change from time to time. Among the market conditions that could affect the market price of our preferred and common stock are the following: 
 
 &#183; the extent of investor interest in our securities; 
 
 &#183; the general reputation of real estate investment trusts and the attractiveness of our equity securities in comparison to other equity securities, including securities issued by other real estate based companies; 
 
 &#183; material economic concerns; 
 
 &#183; changes in tax laws; 
 
 &#183; our financial performance; and 
 
 &#183; general stock and bond market conditions. 
 
 9 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Our common stock may trade at prices that are higher or lower than our net asset value per share of common stock. If, among other things, our future earnings or cash distributions are less than expected, it is likely that the market price of our common stock will decline. 
 
 Our investment in preferred and common equity securities have, and may in the future, negatively impact our results. To enhance the yields available to us on our cash balances, we have invested in a portfolio of preferred and common equity securities issued by other REIT and non-REIT companies. As of December 31, 2011, the balance of our investment securities was $11,075, net of an unrealized gain of $997. Fluctuations in the global credit and equity markets can have an impact on the trading price of these securities. As a result of the severe market decline during the year ended December 31, 2009, we recorded other than temporary impairment charges of approximately $2,660, related to our investment in these securities. The other than temporary impairment charge was determined primarily based upon the length of time over which these securities had experienced a decline in market value and their ability to recover in the near term, as well as the severity of the decline. No such impairment charges were recorded or required for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, but we may have to recognize impairment charges or losses related to these investments in future periods. 
 
 Our objectives may conflict with those of our joint venture partners. We own certain of our investment properties, through joint ventures with third parties. In some cases, we control the joint venture and in some cases we are a minority partner. Investments in joint ventures involve risks that are not otherwise present with properties which we own entirely. For example, a joint venture partner may file for bankruptcy protection or may have economic or business interests or goals which are inconsistent with our goals or interests. Further, although we may own a controlling interest in a joint venture and may have authority over major decisions such as the sale or refinancing of investment properties, we may have fiduciary duties to the joint venture partners or the joint venture itself that may cause, or require, us to take or refrain from taking actions that we would otherwise take if we owned the investment properties outright. Certain joint venture commitments require us to invest cash in non-operating property under development and in properties that do not necessarily meet our investment criteria but which are offered for syndication through our joint venture with IPCC. In some cases, capital has been committed for periods longer than expected, for example, when development or syndication takes longer than anticipated. 
 
 Financing Risks 
 
 We often need to borrow money to finance our business. Our ability to internally fund operating or capital needs is limited since we must distribute at least 90% of our taxable income, subject to certain adjustments, to stockholders to qualify as a REIT. Consequently, we may have to borrow money to fund operating or capital needs or to satisfy the distribution requirements, imposed by the Code, to maintain status as a REIT. Borrowing money exposes us to various risks. For example, our investment properties may not generate enough cash to pay the principal and interest obligations on loans or we may violate a loan covenant that results in the lender accelerating the maturity date of a loan. As of December 31, 2011, we owed a total of approximately $700,417. Approximately $391,202 of this debt is secured by mortgages on our investment properties. The remaining $309,215 is comprised of unsecured debt reflecting draws on our line of credit facility and borrowings under our term loans and the face value of our convertible notes. 
 
 If we fail to make timely payments on our debt, including those cases where a lender has accelerated the maturity date due to a violation of a loan covenant, the lenders could foreclose on the investment properties securing the loan and we could lose our entire investment on any foreclosed properties. Once a loan becomes due, we must either pay the remaining balance or borrow additional money to pay off the maturing loan. We may not, however, be able to obtain a new loan, or the terms of the new loan, such as the interest rate or payment schedule, may not be as favorable as the terms of the maturing loan. Thus, we may be forced to sell a property at an unfavorable price to pay off the maturing loan or agree to less favorable loan terms. In addition, we may have limited availability under our line of credit facility which may reduce our ability to borrow funds. 
 
 A total of approximately $69,635 and $18,763 of our indebtedness, including required monthly principal amortization, matures on or before December 31, 2012 and 2013, respectively. It is our intention to refinance this debt or we will use available cash and/or borrowings under our unsecured line of credit facility to repay this debt. 
 
 10 

 Table of Contents 
 
 As of December 31, 2011, we owed approximately $334,764, or 48% of total outstanding debt, on indebtedness that bore interest at variable rates averaging 3.05%. These rates are reset each month. A 1.0% annualized increase in these variable rates would have increased our interest expense by approximately $3,348 for the year ended December 31, 2011. We may borrow additional amounts that bear interest at variable rates. If interest rates increase, the amount of interest that we would be required to pay on these borrowings will also increase. Additionally, if lending requirements become stricter, we may find it difficult to encumber properties with terms similar to our current loan terms. This could result in a decrease in the number of properties we are able to purchase or interest payments higher than recent historical levels. Higher interest payments would result in a decrease in the amount of cash available for distribution to holders of our common stock. 
 
 We have guaranteed approximately $11,300 of unconsolidated joint venture debt and approximately $28,900 of consolidated debt as of December 31, 2011. These guarantees are in effect for the entire term of each respective loan. We would be required to make payments on these guarantees upon the default of any of the provisions in the loan documents, unless the default is otherwise waived. Approximately $137,092 of total unconsolidated joint venture debt matures during 2012, of which we have guaranteed $11,300. The joint ventures will soon be in discussions with various lenders to extend or restructure this joint venture debt although there is no assurance that we, or our joint venture partners, will be able to restructure this debt on terms and conditions we find acceptable, if at all. 
 
 Our degree of leverage could limit our ability to obtain additional financing or affect the market price of our common stock. As of December 31, 2011, we had approximately $700,417 in total indebtedness outstanding on a consolidated basis (excluding unconsolidated joint venture debt). Additionally, there was a total of approximately $394,481 of outstanding debt incurred by our unconsolidated joint ventures, of which our pro rata share was approximately $220,619. Debt to total market capitalization ratio, which measures total debt as a percentage of the aggregate of total debt plus the market value of outstanding equity securities, is often used by analysts to gauge leverage for REITs such as us. Our debt to total market capitalization ratio was approximately 49.1%, excluding unconsolidated joint venture debt, and 55.9%, including our pro rata share of unconsolidated joint venture debt, as of December 31, 2011. This ratio will increase with declines in our stock price which closed at $7.61 on December 30, 2011 or with increases in our borrowing, all of which could have an adverse effect on the trading price of our stock. In addition, our degree of leverage could affect our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general corporate purposes. Our degree of leverage could also make us more vulnerable to a downturn in business or the economy generally. In addition, a greater amount of debt relative to our peer group could have a negative effect on our stock price. 
 
 Covenants in our debt agreements could adversely affect our financial condition. The mortgages on our properties contain customary covenants such as those that limit our ability, without the prior consent of the lender, to borrow additional monies secured by the property or to discontinue insurance coverage, among other things. Covenants on our unsecured line of credit facility also limit our ability to incur indebtedness above certain levels and require us to satisfy certain conditions before borrowing, such as maintaining certain total debt to asset ratios, secured debt to total asset ratios, debt service coverage ratios and minimum ratios of unencumbered assets to unsecured debt. If we breach covenants in our debt agreements, the lenders can declare a default and, if the debt is secured, can take possession of the property securing the defaulted loan unless we are able to repay the loan. Failure to comply with these covenants could cause a default under the applicable debt agreement, and we may then be required to repay this debt. Under those circumstances, we may not have sufficient resources to repay this debt. 
 
 To hedge against interest rate fluctuations, we may use derivative financial instruments that may be costly and ineffective and may reduce the overall returns on your investment. From time to time we have used, and may in the future use, derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on loans secured by our assets. Derivative instruments may include interest rate swap contracts, interest rate cap or floor contracts, futures or forward contracts, options or repurchase agreements. Our actual hedging decisions will be determined in light of the facts and circumstances existing at the time of the hedge and may differ from our currently anticipated hedging strategy. 
 
 11 

 Table of Contents 
 
 To the extent that we use derivative financial instruments to hedge against interest rate fluctuations, we will be exposed to credit risk, basis risk and legal enforceability risks. In this context, credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. If the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes us, which creates credit risk for us. Basis risk occurs when the index upon which the contract is based is more or less variable than the index upon which the hedged asset or liability is based, thereby making the hedge less effective. Finally, legal enforceability risks encompass general contractual risks including the risk that the counterparty will breach the terms of, or fail to perform its obligations under, the derivative contract. We do not believe the risk of counterparty nonperformance is material due to the current economic conditions. 
 
 Federal Income Tax Risks 
 
 Failure to Qualify as a REIT. We may fail to qualify as a REIT if, among other things: 
 
 &#183; less than 75% of the value of our total assets consists of cash and cash items (including receivables), real estate assets (including mortgages and interests in mortgages) and government securities at the close of each fiscal quarter; 
 
 &#183; securities of any one issuer (other than permitted securities, such as government securities or mortgages) represent more than 5% of the value of our total assets; however, up to 25% of the value of our total assets may be represented by securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries; 
 
 &#183; we own more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10% of the value of the outstanding securities of a single issuer other than certain permitted securities, such as government securities or mortgages, and securities in a taxable REIT subsidiary; 
 
 &#183; less than 75% of our gross income (excluding income from prohibited transactions) is derived from real estate sources. These sources include mortgage interest, rents from real property, amounts received as consideration to enter into real estate leases or to make a loan secured by a mortgage and gains from the sale of real estate assets; 
 
 &#183; less than 95% of our gross income is derived from the income items included in the 75% test and also includes interest income, dividend income and gains from the sale of securities; or 
 
 &#183; we fail to distribute at least 90% of our taxable income, subject to certain adjustments, to stockholders. 
 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, our operations and distributions to stockholders will be adversely affected. We intend to operate so as to continue qualifying as a REIT under the Code. A REIT generally is not taxed at the corporate level on income it currently distributes to its stockholders. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex rules for which there are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations. The determination of various factual matters and circumstances is not entirely within our control and may affect our ability to qualify, or continue to qualify, as a REIT. In addition, new legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly change the tax laws with respect to qualifying as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of qualification. 
 
 If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year and were not entitled to relief under the Code: 
 
 &#183; we would not be allowed to deduct dividends paid to stockholders when computing our taxable income; 
 
 &#183; we would be subject to federal (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) and state income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates; 
 
 &#183; we would be disqualified from being taxed as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we failed to qualify, unless entitled to relief under certain statutory provisions; 
 
 &#183; we would have less cash to pay distributions to stockholders; and 
 
 &#183; we may be required to borrow additional funds or sell some of our assets in order to pay corporate tax obligations we may incur as a result of being disqualified. 
 
 12 

 Table of Contents 
 
 We face possible adverse changes in tax laws. From time to time, changes in federal, state and local tax laws or regulations are enacted, which may result in an increase in our tax liability. The shortfall in tax revenues at the federal, state and municipal government levels in recent years may lead to an increase in the frequency and size of these changes. If these changes occur, we may be required to pay additional taxes on our income, property or net worth and may be assessed interest and penalties on such additional taxes. 
 
 In certain circumstances, we may be subject to federal and state income taxes as a REIT, which would reduce our cash available to pay distributions. Even if we maintain our status as a REIT, we may become subject to federal income taxes and related state taxes. For example, if we have net income from a &#147;prohibited transaction,&#148; we will incur taxes equal to the full amount of the income from the prohibited transaction. We may not be able to make sufficient distributions to avoid excise taxes applicable to REITs. We also may decide to retain income we earn from the sale or other disposition of our property and pay income tax directly on this income. In that event, our stockholders would be treated as if they earned that income and paid the tax on it directly. However, stockholders that are tax-exempt, such as charities or qualified pension plans, would have to file income tax returns to receive a refund of the income tax paid on their behalf. We also may be subject to state and local taxes on our income, property or net worth, either directly or at the level of the other companies through which we indirectly own our assets. Any federal or state taxes paid by us will reduce our cash available to pay distributions. 
 
 Distributions to tax-exempt investors may be classified as unrelated business tax income. The Code may classify distributions paid to a tax-exempt investor as unrelated business tax income, or UBTI, if the investor borrows money to purchase our shares. 
 
 In order to maintain our REIT status, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions. In order to maintain our REIT status, we may need to borrow funds on a short-term basis to meet the real estate investment trust distribution requirements, even if the then prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. To qualify as a REIT, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our taxable income, subject to certain adjustments, each year. In addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions paid by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of our ordinary income, 95% of our capital gain net income and 100% of our undistributed income from prior years. We may need short-term debt or long-term debt, proceeds from asset sales, creation of joint ventures or sale of common stock to fund required distributions as a result of differences in timing between the actual receipt of income and the recognition of income for federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments. 
 
 Third parties may be discouraged from making acquisition or other proposals that may be in s tockholders&#146; best interests. Under our governing documents, no single person or group of persons (an entity is considered a person) may own more than 9.8% of our outstanding shares of common stock (unless permitted by the board). Although the board may waive the application of these provisions to certain persons, they are not obligated to do so. These provisions may prevent or discourage a third party from making a tender offer or other business combination proposal such as a merger, even if such a proposal would be in the best interest of the stockholders. 
 
 Insurance Risks 
 
 Some potential losses are not covered by insurance. We continue to monitor the state of the insurance market in general, and the scope and costs of coverage for acts of terrorism in particular, but we cannot anticipate what coverage will be available on commercially reasonable terms in future policy years. There are other types of losses, such as from wars, acts of nuclear, biological or chemical terrorism or the presence of mold at our properties, for which we cannot obtain insurance at all or at a reasonable cost. With respect to these losses and losses from acts of terrorism, earthquakes or other catastrophic events, if we experience a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds policy limits, we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties, as well as the anticipated future revenues from those properties. 
 
 13 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Potential liability for environmental contamination could result in substantial costs. Under federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, we may be required to investigate and clean up the effects of releases of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products at our properties simply because of our current or past ownership or operation of our real estate. If environmental problems arise, we may have to make substantial payments because: 
 
 &#183; as owner or operator we may have to pay for property damage and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred in connection with the contamination; 
 
 &#183; the law typically imposes clean up responsibility and liability regardless of whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the contamination; 
 
 &#183; even if more than one person may be responsible for the contamination, each person who shares legal liability under the environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the cleanup costs; and 
 
 &#183; governmental entities and third parties may sue the owner or operator of a contaminated site for damages and costs. 
 
 These costs could be substantial and in extreme cases could exceed the value of the contaminated property. The presence of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products or the failure to properly remediate contamination may materially and adversely affect our ability to borrow against, sell or rent an affected property. 
 
 In addition, applicable environmental laws create liens on contaminated sites in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs in connection with a contamination. Changes in laws increasing the potential liability for environmental conditions existing at our properties, or increasing the restrictions on the handling, storage or discharge of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products or other actions, may result in significant unanticipated expenditures. 
 
 Environmental laws also govern the presence, maintenance and removal of asbestos. These laws require that owners or operators of buildings containing asbestos: 
 
 &#183; properly manage and maintain the asbestos; 
 
 &#183; notify and train those who may come into contact with asbestos; and 
 
 &#183; undertake special precautions, including removal or other abatement, if asbestos would be disturbed during renovation or demolition of a building. 
 
 These laws may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators who fail to comply with these requirements and may allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated with exposure to asbestos fibers. 
 
 Some of our properties are located in urban, industrial and previously developed areas where fill or current or historic industrial uses of the areas have caused site contamination. It is our policy to retain independent environmental consultants to conduct Phase I environmental site assessments and asbestos surveys for each property we seek to acquire. These assessments generally include a visual inspection of the properties and the surrounding areas, an examination of current and historical uses of the properties and the surrounding areas and a review of relevant state, federal and historical documents, but do not involve invasive techniques such as soil and ground water sampling. Where appropriate, on a property-by-property basis, our practice is to have these consultants conduct additional testing, including sampling for asbestos, for lead in drinking water, for soil contamination where underground storage tanks are or were located or where other past site usage create a potential environmental problem, and for contamination in groundwater. Even though these environmental assessments are conducted, there is still the risk that: 
 
 &#183; the environmental assessments and updates did not identify all potential environmental liabilities; 
 
 &#183; a prior owner created a material environmental condition that is not known to us or the independent consultants preparing the assessments; 
 
 14 

 Table of Contents 
 
 &#183; new environmental liabilities have developed since the environmental assessments were conducted; and 
 
 &#183; future uses or conditions such as changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations could result in environmental liability for us. 
 
 Inquiries about indoor air quality may necessitate special investigation and, depending on the results, remediation beyond our regular indoor air quality testing and maintenance programs. Indoor air quality issues can stem from inadequate ventilation, chemical contaminants from indoor or outdoor sources, and biological contaminants such as molds, pollen, viruses and bacteria. Indoor exposure to chemical or biological contaminants above certain levels can be alleged to be connected to allergic reactions or other health effects and symptoms in susceptible individuals. If these conditions were to occur at one of our properties, we may need to undertake a targeted remediation program, including without limitation, steps to increase indoor ventilation rates and eliminate sources of contaminants. These remediation programs could be costly, necessitate the temporary relocation of some or all of the property&#146;s tenants or require rehabilitation of the affected property. 
 
 Compliance or failure to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act or other safety regulations and requirements could result in substantial costs. The Americans with Disabilities Act generally requires that public buildings, including shopping centers, be made accessible to disabled persons. Noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines by the federal government or the award of damages to private litigants. We may be required to invest substantial amounts of capital to make, among other things, substantial alterations in one or more of our properties, including the removal of access barriers, to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
 
 Our properties are also subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as state and local fire and life safety requirements. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we could incur fines or private damage awards. We do not know whether existing requirements will change or whether compliance with future requirements will require significant unanticipated expenditures. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, w e had no outstanding unresolved comments from the Commission staff regarding our periodic or current reports. 
 
 15 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 2011, we owned fee simple interests in 108 investment properties, excluding unconsolidated joint ventures, comprised of 22 single-user retail properties, 45 Neighborhood Retail Centers, 15 Community Centers, 1 Lifestyle Center and 25 Power Centers. These investment properties are located in the states of Florida (1), Illinois (66), Indiana (7), Michigan (1), Minnesota (22), Missouri (1), Nebraska (1), Ohio (2), Tennessee (1) and Wisconsin (6). Most tenants of the investment properties are responsible for the payment of some or all of the real estate taxes, insurance and common area maintenance. For additional details related to investment property encumbrances, see &#147;Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation&#148; (Schedule III) herein. 

 Property 

 Gross Leasable Area (Sq Ft) 

 Date Acq. 

 Year Built/ Renovated 

 Financial Occupancy (1) 

 Average Rent Per Square Foot (2) 

 Anchor Tenants (3) 

 Single-User Retail Properties 

 10 th Street Center (f/k/a Cub Foods) Indianapolis, IN 

 67,541 

 03/99 

 1991 

 0 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 None 

 Bally Total Fitness St. Paul, MN 

 43,000 

 09/99 

 1998 

 100 
 
 %(4) 
 
 12.60 

 Bally Total Fitness (4) 

 Carmax Schaumburg, IL 

 93,333 

 12/98 

 1998 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 22.47 

 Carmax 

 Carmax Tinley Park, IL 

 94,518 

 12/98 

 1998 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 20.36 

 Carmax 

 Cub Foods Buffalo Grove, IL 

 56,192 

 06/99 

 1999 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 14.02 

 Cub Foods (sublet to Great Escape) 

 Cub Foods Hutchinson, MN 

 60,208 

 01/03 

 1999 

 100 
 
 %(4) 
 
 9.79 

 Cub Foods (4) 

 Disney Celebration, FL 

 166,131 

 07/02 

 1995 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 16.53 

 Walt Disney World 

 Dominick&#146;s Countryside, IL 

 62,344 

 12/97 

 1975 / 2001 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 4.28 

 Dominick&#146;s Finer Foods 

 Dominick&#146;s Schaumburg, IL 

 71,400 

 05/97 

 1996 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 18.53 

 Dominick&#146;s Finer Foods 

 Food 4 Less Hammond, IN 

 71,313 

 05/99 

 1999 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 11.80 

 Dominick&#146;s Finer Foods (sublet to Food 4 Less) 

 Glendale Heights Retail Glendale Heights, IL 

 68,879 

 09/97 

 1997 

 100 
 
 %(4) 
 
 11.90 

 Dominick&#146;s Finer Foods (4) 

 Grand Traverse Crossings Traverse City, MI 

 21,337 

 01/99 

 1998 

 0 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 None 

 Home Goods Coon Rapids, MN 

 25,145 

 10/05 

 2005 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 13.74 

 Home Goods 

 Michael&#146;s Coon Rapids, MN 

 24,240 

 07/02 

 2001 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 12.25 

 Michael&#146;s 

 PetsMart Gurnee, IL 

 25,692 

 04/01 

 1997 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 15.17 

 PetsMart 

 16 

 Table of Contents 

 Property 

 Gross Leasable Area (Sq Ft) 

 Date Acq. 

 Year Built/ Renovated 

 Financial Occupancy (1) 

 Average Rent Per Square Foot (2) 

 Anchor Tenants (3) 

 Single-User Retail Properties 

 Pick &#145;N Save Waupaca, WI 

 63,780 

 03/06 

 2002 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 10.92 

 Pick &#145;N Save 

 Rite-Aid Chattanooga, TN 

 10,908 

 05/02 

 1999 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 21.26 

 Rite Aid 

 Riverdale Commons Outlot Coon Rapids, MN 

 6,566 

 03/00 

 1999 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 19.50 

 None 

 Roundy&#146;s Menomonee Falls, WI 

 103,611 

 11/10 

 2010 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 16.25 

 Super Pick &#145;N Save 

 Staples Freeport, IL 

 24,049 

 12/98 

 1998 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 11.50 

 Staples 

 Verizon Joliet, IL 

 4,504 

 05/97 

 1995 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 39.51 

 None 

 Walgreens Jennings, MO 

 15,120 

 10/02 

 1996 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 13.60 

 Walgreens (5) 

 Neighborhood Retail Centers 

 22 nd Street Plaza Outlot Oakbrook Terrace, IL 

 9,970 

 11/97 

 1985/ 2004 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 43.99 

 None 

 Aurora Commons Aurora, IL 

 126,908 

 01/97 

 1988 

 85 
 
 % 
 
 9.33 

 Jewel Food Stores 

 Berwyn Plaza Berwyn, IL 

 15,726 

 05/98 

 1983 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 11.32 

 Deal$ 

 Big Lake Town Square Big Lake, MN 

 67,858 

 01/06 

 2005 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 12.29 

 Coborn&#146;s Super Store 

 Brunswick Market Center Brunswick, OH 

 119,540 

 12/02 

 1997 / 1998 

 97 
 
 % 
 
 11.82 

 Buehler&#146;s Food Markets 

 Butera Market Naperville, IL 

 67,632 

 03/95 

 1991 

 97 
 
 % 
 
 9.16 

 Butera Finer Foods 

 Cliff Lake Centre Eagan, MN 

 74,182 

 09/99 

 1988 

 96 
 
 % 
 
 12.25 

 None 

 Downers Grove Market Downers Grove, IL 

 103,419 

 03/98 

 1998 

 99 
 
 % 
 
 17.96 

 Dominick&#146;s Finer Foods 

 Dunkirk Square (f/k/a Maple Grove Retail) Maple Grove, MN 

 79,130 

 09/99 

 1998 

 97 
 
 % 
 
 13.77 

 Rainbow 

 Eastgate Center Lombard, IL 

 129,101 

 07/98 

 1959 / 2000 

 78 
 
 % 
 
 7.97 

 Schroeder&#146;s Ace Hardware 

 Illinois Secretary of State 

 Illinois Dept of Employment 

 Edinburgh Festival Brooklyn Park, MN 

 91,536 

 10/98 

 1997 

 93 
 
 % 
 
 8.62 

 Knowlan&#146;s Super Market 

 Elmhurst City Centre Elmhurst, IL 

 39,090 

 02/98 

 1994 

 81 
 
 % 
 
 15.31 

 Walgreens (5) 

 17 

 Table of Contents 

 Property 

 Gross Leasable Area (Sq Ft) 

 Date Acq. 

 Year Built/ Renovated 

 Financial Occupancy (1) 

 Average Rent Per Square Foot (2) 

 Anchor Tenants (3) 

 Neighborhood Retail Centers 

 Gateway Square Hinsdale, IL 

 40,115 

 03/99 

 1985 

 80 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 25.58 

 None 

 Golf Road Plaza Niles, IL 

 25,992 

 04/97 

 1982 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 12.00 

 None 

 Grand Hunt Center Outlot Gurnee, IL 

 21,194 

 12/96 

 1996 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 18.67 

 None 

 Hammond Mills Hammond, IN 

 7,488 

 12/98 

 1998/2011 

 73 
 
 % 
 
 24.91 

 None 

 Hartford Plaza Naperville, IL 

 43,762 

 09/95 

 1995 

 82 
 
 % 
 
 11.96 

 The Tile Shop 

 Hawthorn Village Commons Vernon Hills, IL 

 98,806 

 08/96 

 1979 

 90 
 
 % 
 
 11.79 

 Dominick&#146;s Finer Foods 

 Deal$ 

 Hickory Creek Marketplace Frankfort, IL 

 55,831 

 08/99 

 1999 

 74 
 
 % 
 
 17.16 

 None 

 Iroquois Center Naperville, IL 

 140,981 

 12/97 

 1983 

 72 
 
 % 
 
 11.83 

 Planet Fitness 

 Xilin Association 

 Big Lots 

 Medina Marketplace Medina, OH 

 92,446 

 12/02 

 1956 / 2010 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 11.10 

 Giant Eagle, Inc 

 Mundelein Plaza Mundelein, IL 

 16,803 

 03/96 

 1990 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 16.78 

 None 

 Nantucket Square Schaumburg, IL 

 56,981 

 09/95 

 1980 

 88 
 
 % 
 
 13.68 

 Go Play 

 Oak Forest Commons Oak Forest, IL 

 108,330 

 03/98 

 1998 

 81 
 
 % 
 
 12.22 

 Food 4 Less 

 O&#146;Reilys Automotive 

 Oak Forest Commons III Oak Forest, IL 

 7,424 

 06/99 

 1999 

 40 
 
 % 
 
 10.24 

 None 

 Oak Lawn Town Center Oak Lawn, IL 

 12,506 

 06/99 

 1999 

 85 
 
 % 
 
 27.99 

 None 

 Orland Greens Orland Park, IL 

 45,031 

 09/98 

 1984 

 88 
 
 % 
 
 12.11 

 Dollar Tree 

 Spree Look Good, Do Good 

 Park Square Brooklyn Park, MN 

 136,664 

 08/02 

 1986 / 1988/2006 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 10.74 

 Rainbow 

 Planet Fitness 

 Park St. Claire Schaumburg, IL 

 11,859 

 12/96 

 1994 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 16.59 

 None 

 Plymouth Collection Plymouth, MN 

 45,915 

 01/99 

 1999 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 19.45 

 Golf Galaxy 

 Quarry Outlot Hodgkins, IL 

 9,650 

 12/96 

 1996 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 34.76 

 None 

 River Square Naperville, IL 

 58,260 

 06/97 

 1988/2000 

 81 
 
 % 
 
 24.33 

 None 

 18 

 Table of Contents 

 Property 

 Gross Leasable Area (Sq Ft) 

 Date Acq. 

 Year Built/ Renovated 

 Financial Occupancy (1) 

 Average Rent Per Square Foot (2) 

 Anchor Tenants (3) 

 Neighborhood Retail Centers 

 Riverplace Center Noblesville, IN 

 74,414 

 11/98 

 1992 

 98 
 
 %(4) 
 
 $ 
 
 8.46 

 Food 4 Less 

 Fashion Bug 

 Rose Plaza Elmwood Park, IL 

 24,204 

 11/98 

 1997 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 19.11 

 Binny&#146;s Beverage Depot 

 Schaumburg Plaza Schaumburg, IL 

 61,485 

 06/98 

 1994 

 65 
 
 % 
 
 14.50 

 None 

 Shingle Creek Brooklyn Center, MN 

 39,456 

 09/99 

 1986 

 91 
 
 % 
 
 12.04 

 None 

 Shops at Coopers Grove Country Club Hills, IL 

 72,518 

 01/98 

 1991 

 100 
 
 %(4) 
 
 5.36 

 Michael&#146;s Fresh Market 

 Six Corners Plaza Chicago, IL 

 80,596 

 10/96 

 1966/ 2005 

 99 
 
 % 
 
 12.87 

 Bally Total Fitness 

 Conway 

 St. James Crossing Westmont, IL 

 49,994 

 03/98 

 1990 

 56 
 
 % 
 
 20.50 

 None 

 Townes Crossing Oswego, IL 

 105,989 

 08/02 

 1988 

 89 
 
 % 
 
 11.58 

 Jewel Food Stores 

 Wauconda Crossings Wauconda, IL 

 90,290 

 08/06 

 1997 

 96 
 
 %(4) 
 
 13.88 

 Dominick&#146;s Finer Foods (4) 

 Walgreens 

 Wauconda Shopping Center Wauconda, IL 

 34,137 

 05/98 

 1988 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 11.88 

 Dollar Tree 

 Westriver Crossing Joliet, IL 

 32,452 

 08/99 

 1999 

 72 
 
 % 
 
 19.20 

 None 

 Winnetka Commons New Hope, MN 

 42,415 

 07/98 

 1990 

 80 
 
 % 
 
 11.55 

 Walgreen&#146;s (sublet to 

 Frattalone&#146;s Hardware) 

 Woodland Heights Streamwood, IL 

 120,436 

 06/98 

 1956/ 1997 

 88 
 
 % 
 
 7.84 

 Jewel Food Stores 

 U.S. Postal Service 

 Community Centers 

 Apache Shoppes Rochester, MN 

 60,780 

 12/06 

 2005/ 2006 

 73 
 
 % 
 
 14.44 

 Trader Joe&#146;s 

 Chuck E. Cheese 

 Bergen Plaza Oakdale, MN 

 258,720 

 04/98 

 1978 

 90 
 
 % 
 
 6.80 

 K-Mart 

 Rainbow 

 Dollar Tree 

 Bohl Farm Marketplace Crystal Lake, IL 

 97,287 

 12/00 

 2000 

 99 
 
 % 
 
 13.94 

 Dress Barn 

 Barnes & Noble 

 Buy Buy Baby 

 Burnsville Crossing Burnsville, MN 

 97,210 

 09/99 

 1989/2010 

 93 
 
 % 
 
 10.69 

 PetsMart 

 Becker Furniture World 

 Chestnut Court Darien, IL 

 169,915 

 03/98 

 1987/2009 

 86 
 
 %(4) 
 
 11.81 

 Office Depot (4) 

 X-Sport Gym 

 Tuesday Morning 

 Factory Card Outlet 

 JoAnn Stores 

 Oakridge Hobbies & Toys 

 19 

 Table of Contents 

 Property 

 Gross Leasable Area (Sq Ft) 

 Date Acq. 

 Year Built/ Renovated 

 Financial Occupancy (1) 

 Average Rent Per Square Foot (2) 

 Anchor Tenants (3) 

 Community Centers 

 Four Flaggs Niles, IL 

 304,603 

 11/02 

 1973 / 1998/2010 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 10.29 

 Ashley Furniture 

 Jewel Food Stores 

 Global Rehabilitation 

 Sweet Home Furniture 

 JoAnn Stores 

 Office Depot 

 PetsMart 

 Marshall&#146;s 

 Old Navy 

 Shoe Carnival 

 Four Flaggs Annex Niles, IL 

 21,425 

 11/02 

 1973 / 2001/2010 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 20.83 

 Party City 

 Lake Park Plaza Michigan City, IN 

 114,867 

 02/98 

 1990 

 82 
 
 % 
 
 5.90 

 JoAnn Stores 

 Hobby Lobby 

 Factory Card Outlet 

 Oliver Square West Chicago, IL 

 77,637 

 01/98 

 1990 

 66 
 
 % 
 
 3.25 

 Tampico Fresh Market 

 Orchard Crossing Ft. Wayne, IN 

 118,244 

 04/07 

 2008 

 85 
 
 % 
 
 13.34 

 Gordman&#146;s 

 Dollar Tree 

 Park Center Tinley Park, IL 

 128,390 

 12/98 

 1988 

 81 
 
 % 
 
 13.88 

 Charter Fitness 

 Chuck E. Cheese 

 Old Country Buffet 

 Sears Outlet 

 Skokie Fashion Square Skokie, IL 

 84,580 

 12/97 

 1984/2010 

 46 
 
 % 
 
 13.75 

 Ross Dress for Less 

 Skokie Fashion Square II Skokie, IL 

 7,151 

 11/04 

 1984/2010 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 42.94 

 None 

 The Plaza Brookfield, WI 

 107,952 

 02/99 

 1985 

 93 
 
 % 
 
 14.22 

 CVS 

 Guitar Center 

 Hooters of America 

 Stan&#146;s Bootery 

 Two Rivers Plaza Bolingbrook, IL 

 57,900 

 10/98 

 1994 

 91 
 
 %(4) 
 
 12.32 

 Marshall&#146;s 

 Party City (4) 

 Power Centers 

 Baytowne Shoppes/Square Champaign, IL 

 118,305 

 02/99 

 1993 

 90 
 
 % 
 
 12.90 

 Staples 

 PetsMart 

 Party City 

 Citi Trends 

 Ulta 

 Bradley Commons Bradley, IL 

 174,782 

 11/11 

 2007/2011 

 93 
 
 % 
 
 13.36 

 Shoe Carnival 

 Ulta 

 Bed, Bath & Beyond 

 Dick&#146;s Sporting Goods 

 Petco 

 20 

 Table of Contents 

 Property 

 Gross Leasable Area (Sq Ft) 

 Date Acq. 

 Year Built/ Renovated 

 Financial Occupancy (1) 

 Average Rent Per Square Foot (2) 

 Anchor Tenants (3) 

 Power Centers 

 Crystal Point Crystal Lake, IL 

 357,914 

 07/04 

 1976/ 1998 

 95 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 9.73 

 Best Buy 

 K-Mart 

 Bed, Bath & Beyond 

 The Sports Authority 

 Cost Plus 

 Ross Dress for Less 

 The Fresh Market 

 Deer Trace Kohler, WI 

 149,924 

 07/02 

 2000 

 98 
 
 % 
 
 10.04 

 Elder Beerman 

 TJ Maxx 

 Michael&#146;s 

 Dollar Tree 

 Ulta 

 Deer Trace II Kohler, WI 

 24,292 

 08/04 

 2003/ 2004 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 17.85 

 None 

 Joliet Commons Joliet, IL 

 158,853 

 10/98 

 1995 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 13.30 

 Cinemark 

 PetsMart 

 Barnes & Noble 

 Old Navy 

 Party City 

 Old Country Buffet 

 JoAnn Stores 

 Joliet Commons Phase II Joliet, IL 

 40,395 

 02/00 

 1999 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 12.47 

 Office Max 

 Lansing Square Lansing, IL 

 233,508 

 12/96 

 1991 

 8 
 
 % 
 
 17.55 

 None 

 Mankato Heights Mankato, MN 

 155,173 

 04/03 

 2002 

 94 
 
 % 
 
 13.09 

 TJ Maxx 

 Michael&#146;s 

 Old Navy 

 Pier 1 Imports 

 Petco 

 Famous Footwear 

 Maple Park Place Bolingbrook, IL 

 214,455 

 01/97 

 1992/ 2004 

 98 
 
 %(4) 
 
 12.22 

 X-Sport Gym 

 Office Depot (4) 

 The Sports Authority 

 Best Buy 

 Ross Dress for Less 

 Naper West Naperville, IL 

 214,109 

 12/97 

 1985/2009 

 88 
 
 % 
 
 9.76 

 Barrett&#146;s Home Theater Store 

 JoAnn Stores 

 Sears Outlet 

 Ross Dress for Less 

 Orland Park Place Outlots Orland Park, IL 

 11,900 

 08/07 

 2007 

 0 
 
 % 
 
 1.34 

 Olympic Flame 

 Park Avenue Centre Highland Park, IL 

 64,943 

 06/97 

 1996/ 2005 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 11.32 

 Staples 

 TREK Bicycle Store 

 Illinois Bone and Joint 

 21 

 Table of Contents 

 Property 

 Gross Leasable Area (Sq Ft) 

 Date Acq. 

 Year Built/ Renovated 

 Financial Occupancy (1) 

 Average Rent Per Square Foot (2) 

 Anchor Tenants (3) 

 Power Centers 

 Park Place Plaza St. Louis Park, MN 

 88,999 

 09/99 

 1997/ 2006 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 15.67 

 Office Max 

 PetsMart 

 Pine Tree Plaza Janesville, WI 

 187,413 

 10/99 

 1998 

 98 
 
 % 
 
 10.97 

 Gander Mountain 

 TJ Maxx 

 Staples 

 Michaels 

 Old Navy 

 Petco 

 Famous Footwear 

 Riverdale Commons Coon Rapids, MN 

 175,802 

 09/99 

 1999 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 13.28 

 Rainbow 

 The Sports Authority 

 Office Max 

 Petco 

 Party City 

 Rivertree Court Vernon Hills, IL 

 308,862 

 07/97 

 1988/2011 

 90 
 
 % 
 
 13.22 

 Best Buy 

 Discovery Clothing 

 Office Depot 

 TJ Maxx 

 Michaels Stores 

 Ulta Salon 

 Old Country Buffet 

 Harlem Furniture 

 Gordman&#146;s 

 Rochester Marketplace Rochester, MN 

 70,213 

 09/03 

 2001/ 2003 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 15.44 

 Staples 

 PetsMart 

 Salem Square Countryside, IL 

 116,992 

 08/96 

 1973 / 1985/2009 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 8.60 

 TJ Maxx 

 Marshall&#146;s 

 Schaumburg Promenade Schaumburg, IL 

 91,831 

 12/99 

 1999 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 14.49 

 Ashley Furniture 

 DSW Shoe Warehouse 

 Casual Male 

 Shakopee Outlot Shakopee, MN 

 12,285 

 03/06 

 2007 

 85 
 
 % 
 
 20.06 

 None 

 Shakopee Valley Marketplace Shakopee, MN 

 146,362 

 12/02 

 2000 / 2001 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 9.83 

 Kohl&#146;s 

 Office Max 

 Shoppes at Grayhawk Omaha, NE 

 81,000 

 02/06 

 2001/ 2004 

 90 
 
 % 
 
 15.20 

 Michael&#146;s 

 Shops at Orchard Place Skokie, IL 

 159,091 

 12/02 

 2000 

 97 
 
 % 
 
 27.04 

 Best Buy 

 DSW Shoe Warehouse 

 Ulta Salon 

 Pier 1 Imports 

 Petco 

 Walter E. Smithe 

 Party City 

 University Crossings Mishawaka, IN 

 111,651 

 10/03 

 2003 

 97 
 
 % 
 
 13.77 

 Marshall&#146;s 

 Petco 

 Dollar Tree Stores 

 Pier 1 Imports 

 Ross Medical Education Center 

 Babies&#146; R&#146; Us 

 22 

 Table of Contents 

 Property 

 Gross Leasable Area (Sq Ft) 

 Date Acq. 

 Year Built/ Renovated 

 Financial Occupancy (1) 

 Average Rent Per Square Foot (2) 

 Anchor Tenants (3) 

 Lifestyle Centers 

 Algonquin Commons Algonquin, IL 

 560,972 

 02/06 

 2004 / 2005 

 90 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 14.01 

 PetSmart 

 Office Max 

 Pottery Barn 

 Old Navy 

 DSW Shoe Warehouse 

 Discovery Clothing 

 Dick&#146;s Sporting Goods 

 Trader Joe&#146;s 

 Ulta 

 Charming Charlie 

 Sears Outlet 

 Ross Dress for Less 

 Gordman&#146;s 

 Total 

 9,705,014 

 89 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 12.85 

 23 

 Table of Contents 
 
 As of December 31, 2011, we owned fee simple interests in 38 investment properties through our unconsolidated joint ventures and Delaware Statutory Trust interests in the six Walgreens properties, comprised of 7 single-user retail properties, 16 Neighborhood Retail Centers, 8 Community Centers, and 7 Power Centers. These investment properties are located in the states of Georgia (1), Illinois (21), Kentucky (1), Massachusetts (1), Minnesota (9), New Mexico (1), Pennsylvania (1), Washington (1) and Wisconsin (2). Tenants of the investment properties are responsible for the payment of some or all of the real estate taxes, insurance and common area maintenance. 

 Property 

 Gross Leasable Area (Sq Ft) 

 Date Acq. 

 Year Built/ Renovated 

 Financial Occupancy (1) 

 Average Rent Per Square Foot (2) 

 Anchor Tenants (3) 

 Single-User Retail Properties 

 Cub Foods Arden Hills, MN 

 68,442 

 03/04 

 2003 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 13.44 

 Cub Foods 

 Walgreens Gallup, NM 

 14,820 

 06/11 

 2005 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 22.67 

 Walgreen&#146;s (5) 

 Walgreens Normal, IL 

 14,490 

 06/11 

 2010 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 25.12 

 Walgreen&#146;s (5) 

 Walgreens Somerset, MA 

 13,650 

 06/11 

 2011 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 34.07 

 Walgreen&#146;s (5) 

 Walgreens Spokane, WA 

 14,490 

 06/11 

 2002 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 28.64 

 Walgreen&#146;s (5) 

 Walgreens Villa Rica, GA 

 13,650 

 06/11 

 2008 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 24.18 

 Walgreen&#146;s (5) 

 Walgreens Waynesburg, PA 

 14,820 

 06/11 

 2008 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 26.25 

 Walgreen&#146;s (5) 

 Neighborhood Retail Centers 

 Byerly&#146;s Burnsville Burnsville, MN 

 72,339 

 09/99 

 1988 

 98 
 
 % 
 
 11.25 

 Byerly&#146;s Food Store 

 Erik&#146;s Bike Shop 

 Caton Crossing Plainfield, IL 

 83,792 

 06/03 

 1998 

 95 
 
 %(4) 
 
 14.44 

 Strack & Van Til 

 Champlin Marketplace Champlin, MN 

 88,577 

 09/11 

 1999/2005 

 89 
 
 % 
 
 12.33 

 Cub Foods 

 Cobbler Crossing Elgin, IL 

 102,643 

 05/97 

 1993 

 91 
 
 % 
 
 11.58 

 Jewel Food Stores 

 Diffley Marketplace Egan, MN 

 62,656 

 10/10 

 2008 

 98 
 
 % 
 
 14.05 

 Cub Foods 

 Forest Lake Marketplace Forest Lake, MN 

 93,853 

 09/02 

 2001 

 95 
 
 % 
 
 13.06 

 Cub Foods 

 Mallard Crossing Elk Grove Village, IL 

 82,929 

 05/97 

 1993 

 95 
 
 % 
 
 7.66 

 Food 4 Less 

 Mapleview Grayslake, IL 

 105,642 

 03/05 

 2000 / 2005 

 83 
 
 % 
 
 13.91 

 Jewel Food Stores 

 Marketplace at Six Corners Chicago, IL 

 116,975 

 11/98 

 1997 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 16.52 

 Jewel Food Store 

 Marshall&#146;s 

 Ravinia Plaza Orland Park, IL 

 101,384 

 11/06 

 1990 

 70 
 
 % 
 
 15.88 

 Pier 1 Imports 

 House of Brides 

 24 

 Table of Contents 

 Property 

 Gross Leasable Area (Sq Ft) 

 Date Acq. 

 Year Built/ Renovated 

 Financial Occupancy (1) 

 Average Rent Per Square Foot (2) 

 Anchor Tenants (3) 

 Neighborhood Retail Centers 

 Red Top Plaza Libertyville, IL 

 151,840 

 06/11 

 1981/2008 

 81 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 13.81 

 Jewel Food Stores 

 Regal Showplace Crystal Lake, IL 

 96,928 

 03/05 

 1998 

 98 
 
 % 
 
 19.19 

 Regal Cinemas 

 Shannon Square Shoppes Arden Hills, MN 

 29,196 

 06/04 

 2003 

 100 
 
 %(4) 
 
 17.14 

 None 

 Stuart&#146;s Crossing St. Charles, IL 

 85,529 

 08/98 

 1999 

 98 
 
 % 
 
 13.90 

 Jewel Food Stores 

 The Shoppes at Mill Creek Palos Park, IL 

 102,422 

 03/98 

 1989 

 91 
 
 % 
 
 13.34 

 Jewel Food Stores 

 The Shops of Plymouth Town Center Plymouth, MN 

 84,003 

 03/99 

 1991 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 10.73 

 The Foursome, Inc. 

 Cub Foods. 

 Community Centers 

 Brownstones Shopping Center Brookfield, WI 

 137,821 

 11/11 

 1989/2009 

 96 
 
 % 
 
 14.17 

 Metro Market 

 TJ Maxx 

 Chatham Ridge Chicago, IL 

 175,991 

 02/00 

 1999 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 18.49 

 Food 4 Less 

 Marshall&#146;s 

 Bally Total Fitness 

 Elston Plaza Chicago, IL 

 88,218 

 12/11 

 1983/2010 

 90 
 
 % 
 
 14.65 

 Jewel Food Stores 

 O&#146;Reilly Auto Parts 

 Greentree Centre & Outlot Racine, WI 

 169,268 

 02/05 

 1990/1993 

 94 
 
 % 
 
 8.14 

 Pick &#145;N Save 

 K-Mart 

 Quarry Retail Minneapolis, MN 

 281,458 

 09/99 

 1997 

 100 
 
 % 
 
 12.57 

 Home Depot 

 Rainbow 

 PetsMart 

 Office Max 

 Old Navy 

 Party City 

 Thatcher Woods Center River Grove, IL 

 188,213 

 04/02 

 1969/1999 

 98 
 
 % 
 
 11.87 

 Walgreen&#146;s 

 Conway 

 Hanging Garden Banquet 

 Binny&#146;s Beverage Depot 

 Dominick&#146;s Finer Foods 

 Village Ten Center Coon Rapids, MN 

 211,472 

 08/03 

 2002 

 96 
 
 % 
 
 7.02 

 Dollar Tree 

 Life Time Fitness 

 Cub Foods 

 Woodland Commons Buffalo Grove, IL 

 170,122 

 02/99 

 1991 

 96 
 
 % 
 
 12.80 

 Dominick&#146;s Finer Foods 

 Jewish Community Center 

 25 

 Table of Contents 

 Property 

 Gross Leasable Area (Sq Ft) 

 Date Acq. 

 Year Built/ Renovated 

 Financial Occupancy (1) 

 Average Rent Per Square Foot (2) 

 Anchor Tenants (3) 

 Power Centers 

 Joffco Square Chicago, IL 

 95,204 

 01/11 

 2008 

 83 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 25.66 

 Bed, Bath & Beyond 

 Best Buy 

 Orland Park Place Orland Park, IL 

 592,445 

 04/05 

 1980/ 1999 

 99 
 
 % 
 
 11.99 

 K & G Superstore 

 Old Navy 

 Stein Mart 

 Tiger Direct 

 Barnes & Noble 

 DSW Shoe Warehouse 

 Bed, Bath & Beyond 

 Binny&#146;s Beverage Depot 

 Office Depot 

 Nordstrom Rack 

 Dick&#146;s Sporting Goods 

 Marshall&#146;s 

 Buy Buy Baby 

 HH Gregg 

 Ross Dress for Less 

 Randall Square Geneva, IL 

 216,107 

 05/99 

 1999 

 91 
 
 % 
 
 13.42 

 Marshall&#146;s 

 Bed, Bath & Beyond 

 PetSmart 

 Michael&#146;s 

 Party City 

 Old Navy 

 The Point at Clark Chicago, IL 

 95,455 

 06/10 

 1996 

 100 
 
 %(4) 
 
 26.02 

 DSW Shoe Warehouse 

 Marshall&#146;s 

 Michael&#146;s 

 Turfway Commons Florence, KY 

 105,471 

 12/11 

 1993/2007 

 95 
 
 % 
 
 12.07 

 Babies &#145;R&#146; Us 

 Half Price Books 

 Guitar Center 

 Michael&#146;s 

 Woodfield Commons E/W Schaumburg, IL 

 207,452 

 10/98 

 1973, 1975 1997,2007 

 89 
 
 % 
 
 17.67 

 Toys R Us 

 Harlem Furniture 

 Discovery Clothing 

 REI 

 Hobby Lobby 

 Woodfield Plaza Schaumburg, IL 

 177,160 

 01/98 

 1992 

 95 
 
 % 
 
 13.90 

 Kohl&#146;s 

 Barnes & Noble 

 Buy Buy Baby 

 Joseph A. Banks Clothiers 

 (Sublet to David&#146;s Bridal) 

 Tuesday Morning 

 Total 

 4,526,927 

 95 
 
 % 
 
 13.85 

 Total /Weighted Average 

 14,231,941 

 91 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 13.18 

 (1) 
 
 Financial Occupancy is defined as the percentage of total gross leasable area for which a tenant is obligated to pay rent under the terms of its lease agreement, regardless of the actual use or occupation by that tenant of the area being leased excluding tenants in their abatement period. 

 (2) 
 
 Average Rent Per Square Foot is calculated on leases in place as of report date. 

 (3) 
 
 Anchor tenants are defined as any tenant occupying 10,000 or more square feet. The trade name is used which may be different than the tenant name on the lease. 

 (4) 
 
 Tenant has vacated their space but is still contractually obligated under their lease to pay rent. 

 (5) 
 
 Beginning with the earlier date listed, pursuant to the terms of the lease, the tenant has a right to terminate prior to the lease expiration date. 
 
 26 

 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table represents an analysis of lease expirations based on the leases in place at December 31, 2011 in our consolidated portfolio. 

 Lease Expiration Year 

 Number of Leases Expiring 

 GLA Under Expiring Leases (Sq.Ft.) 

 Percent of Total Leased GLA 

 Total Annualized Base Rent ($) (a) 

 Percent of Total Annualized Base Rent (%) 

 Annualized Base Rent ($/Sq.Ft.) (b) 

 M-T-M 

 26 

 55,527 

 0.57 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 849 

 0.73 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 15.29 

 2012 

 154 

 435,830 

 4.49 
 
 % 
 
 6,537 

 5.61 
 
 % 
 
 15.00 

 2013 

 184 

 1,062,029 

 10.94 
 
 % 
 
 13,715 

 11.77 
 
 % 
 
 12.91 

 2014 

 157 

 1,230,237 

 12.67 
 
 % 
 
 15,588 

 13.39 
 
 % 
 
 12.67 

 2015 

 161 

 937,772 

 9.67 
 
 % 
 
 13,031 

 11.19 
 
 % 
 
 13.90 

 2016 

 154 

 826,981 

 8.52 
 
 % 
 
 12,166 

 10.45 
 
 % 
 
 14.71 

 2017 

 83 

 1,005,133 

 10.36 
 
 % 
 
 13,279 

 11.40 
 
 % 
 
 13.21 

 2018 

 35 

 404,659 

 4.17 
 
 % 
 
 5,662 

 4.86 
 
 % 
 
 13.99 

 2019 

 31 

 652,862 

 6.73 
 
 % 
 
 7,108 

 6.10 
 
 % 
 
 10.89 

 2020 

 35 

 477,571 

 4.92 
 
 % 
 
 4,867 

 4.18 
 
 % 
 
 10.19 

 2021+ 

 123 

 1,753,138 

 18.07 
 
 % 
 
 23,689 

 20.32 
 
 % 
 
 13.51 

 Vacant 

 &#151; 

 863,275 

 8.89 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total 

 1,143 

 9,705,014 

 100.00 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 116,491 

 100.00 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 13.18 

 The following table represents an analysis of lease expirations based on the leases in place at December 31, 2011 in our unconsolidated portfolio 100 percent. 

 Lease Expiration Year 

 Number of Leases Expiring 

 GLA Under Expiring Leases (Sq.Ft.) 

 Percent of Total Leased GLA 

 Total Annualized Base Rent ($) (a) 

 Percent of Total Annualized Base Rent (%) 

 Annualized Base Rent ($/Sq.Ft.) (b) 

 M-T-M 

 12 

 27,580 

 0.61 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 321 

 0.52 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 11.64 

 2012 

 65 

 225,589 

 4.98 
 
 % 
 
 4,228 

 6.87 
 
 % 
 
 18.74 

 2013 

 53 

 336,368 

 7.43 
 
 % 
 
 4,984 

 8.09 
 
 % 
 
 14.82 

 2014 

 64 

 404,967 

 8.95 
 
 % 
 
 5,618 

 9.12 
 
 % 
 
 13.87 

 2015 

 46 

 271,919 

 6.01 
 
 % 
 
 3,756 

 6.10 
 
 % 
 
 13.81 

 2016 

 70 

 581,784 

 12.85 
 
 % 
 
 7,362 

 11.96 
 
 % 
 
 12.65 

 2017 

 24 

 300,615 

 6.64 
 
 % 
 
 5,048 

 8.20 
 
 % 
 
 16.79 

 2018 

 19 

 377,104 

 8.33 
 
 % 
 
 5,469 

 8.89 
 
 % 
 
 14.50 

 2019 

 17 

 402,635 

 8.89 
 
 % 
 
 6,064 

 9.85 
 
 % 
 
 15.06 

 2020 

 14 

 415,645 

 9.18 
 
 % 
 
 5,071 

 8.23 
 
 % 
 
 12.20 

 2021+ 

 46 

 968,898 

 21.40 
 
 % 
 
 13,660 

 22.17 
 
 % 
 
 14.10 

 Vacant 

 &#151; 

 213,823 

 4.73 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total 

 430 

 4,526,927 

 100.00 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 61,581 

 100.00 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 14.28 

 (a) Annualized base rent for all leases financially occupied, including seasonal tenants and tenants in their abatement period at report date based on the rent as of the end of the lease. 
 (b) Annualized base rent divided by gross leasable area as of report date. 
 
 27 

 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table represents an analysis of lease expirations based on the leases in place at December 31, 2011 in our unconsolidated portfolio based on our percent ownership. 

 Lease Expiration Year 

 Number of Leases Expiring 

 GLA Under Expiring Leases (Sq.Ft.) 

 Percent of Total Leased GLA 

 Total Annualized Base Rent ($) (a) 

 Percent of Total Annualized Base Rent (%) 

 Annualized Base Rent ($/Sq.Ft.) (b) 

 M-T-M 

 12 

 14,640 

 0.63 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 166 

 0.53 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 11.34 

 2012 

 65 

 119,688 

 5.12 
 
 % 
 
 2,243 

 7.17 
 
 % 
 
 18.74 

 2013 

 53 

 176,188 

 7.54 
 
 % 
 
 2,603 

 8.32 
 
 % 
 
 14.77 

 2014 

 64 

 207,031 

 8.87 
 
 % 
 
 2,878 

 9.20 
 
 % 
 
 13.90 

 2015 

 46 

 139,144 

 5.96 
 
 % 
 
 1,923 

 6.15 
 
 % 
 
 13.82 

 2016 

 70 

 303,602 

 12.99 
 
 % 
 
 3,870 

 12.38 
 
 % 
 
 12.75 

 2017 

 24 

 160,293 

 6.86 
 
 % 
 
 2,683 

 8.58 
 
 % 
 
 16.74 

 2018 

 19 

 201,146 

 8.61 
 
 % 
 
 2,883 

 9.22 
 
 % 
 
 14.33 

 2019 

 17 

 207,286 

 8.87 
 
 % 
 
 3,119 

 9.99 
 
 % 
 
 15.05 

 2020 

 14 

 220,586 

 9.45 
 
 % 
 
 2,679 

 8.57 
 
 % 
 
 12.14 

 2021+ 

 46 

 474,291 

 20.30 
 
 % 
 
 6,214 

 19.89 
 
 % 
 
 13.10 

 Vacant 

 &#151; 

 111,940 

 4.80 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total 

 430 

 2,335,835 

 100.00 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 31,261 

 100.00 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 14.06 

 The following table represents an analysis of lease expirations based on the leases in place at December 31, 2011 in our total portfolio, including those in our unconsolidated joint ventures based on our percent ownership. 

 Lease Expiration Year 

 Number of Leases Expiring 

 GLA Under Expiring Leases (Sq.Ft.) 

 Percent of Total Leased GLA 

 Total Annualized Base Rent ($) (a) 

 Percent of Total Annualized Base Rent (%) 

 Annualized Base Rent ($/Sq.Ft.) (b) 

 M-T-M 

 38 

 70,167 

 0.58 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 1,015 

 0.68 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 14.47 

 2012 

 219 

 555,518 

 4.62 
 
 % 
 
 8,780 

 5.94 
 
 % 
 
 15.81 

 2013 

 237 

 1,238,217 

 10.28 
 
 % 
 
 16,318 

 11.05 
 
 % 
 
 13.18 

 2014 

 221 

 1,437,268 

 11.93 
 
 % 
 
 18,466 

 12.50 
 
 % 
 
 12.85 

 2015 

 207 

 1,076,916 

 8.94 
 
 % 
 
 14,954 

 10.12 
 
 % 
 
 13.89 

 2016 

 224 

 1,130,583 

 9.39 
 
 % 
 
 16,036 

 10.85 
 
 % 
 
 14.18 

 2017 

 107 

 1,165,426 

 9.68 
 
 % 
 
 15,962 

 10.80 
 
 % 
 
 13.70 

 2018 

 54 

 605,805 

 5.03 
 
 % 
 
 8,545 

 5.78 
 
 % 
 
 14.11 

 2019 

 48 

 860,148 

 7.14 
 
 % 
 
 10,227 

 6.92 
 
 % 
 
 11.89 

 2020 

 49 

 698,157 

 5.80 
 
 % 
 
 7,546 

 5.11 
 
 % 
 
 10.81 

 2021+ 

 169 

 2,227,429 

 18.50 
 
 % 
 
 29,903 

 20.25 
 
 % 
 
 13.42 

 Vacant 

 &#151; 

 975,215 

 8.11 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total 

 1,573 

 12,040,849 

 100.00 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 147,752 

 100.00 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 13.35 

 (a) Annualized base rent for all leases financially occupied, including seasonal tenants and tenants in their abatement period at report date based on the rent as of the end of the lease. 
 (b) Annualized base rent divided by gross leasable area as of report date. 
 
 28 

 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table lists the gross leasable area and approximate physical occupancy levels for our investment properties as of December 31, 2011, 2010, 2009, 2008 and 2007. N/A indicates we did not own the investment property at the end of the year. 

 Properties 

 Gross Leasable Area 

 2011 % 

 2010 % 

 2009 % 

 2008 % 

 2007 % 

 22 nd Street Plaza Outlot, Oakbrook Terrace, IL 

 9,970 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Algonquin Commons 

 560,972 

 91 

 78 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Apache Shoppes, Rochester, MN 

 60,780 

 73 

 75 

 25 

 52 

 100 

 Aurora Commons, Aurora, IL 

 126,908 

 85 

 86 

 94 

 94 

 100 

 Bally&#146;s Total Fitness, St. Paul, MN 

 43,000 

 0 
 
 (a) 
 
 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Baytowne Shoppes/Square, Champaign, IL 

 118,305 

 100 

 86 

 87 

 93 

 99 

 Bergen Plaza, Oakdale, MN 

 258,720 

 90 

 93 

 93 

 89 

 91 

 Berwyn Plaza, Berwyn, IL 

 15,726 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Big Lake Town Square, Big Lake, MN 

 67,858 

 100 

 100 

 94 

 94 

 98 

 Bohl Farm Marketplace, Crystal Lake, IL 

 97,287 

 99 

 89 

 53 

 65 

 100 

 Bradley Commons, Bradley, IL 

 174,782 

 93 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Brunswick Market Center, Brunswick, OH 

 119,540 

 97 

 100 

 99 

 98 

 98 

 Burnsville Crossing, Burnsville, MN 

 97,210 

 93 

 95 

 61 

 85 

 89 

 Butera Market, Naperville, IL 

 67,632 

 97 

 89 

 86 

 99 

 100 

 Carmax, Schaumburg, IL 

 93,333 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Carmax, Tinley Park, IL 

 94,518 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Chestnut Court, Darien, IL 

 169,915 

 77 
 
 (a) 
 
 71 

 71 

 67 

 99 

 Cliff Lake Centre, Eagan, MN 

 74,182 

 96 

 95 

 90 

 85 

 90 

 Crystal Point, Crystal Lake, IL 

 357,914 

 95 

 99 

 99 

 99 

 100 

 Cub Foods, Buffalo Grove, IL 

 56,192 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Cub Foods, Hutchinson, MN 

 60,208 

 0 
 
 (a) 
 
 0 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 Cub Foods, Indianapolis, IN 

 67,541 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 Deer Trace, Kohler, WI 

 149,924 

 98 

 96 

 96 

 96 

 98 

 Deer Trace II, Kohler, WI 

 24,292 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Disney, Celebration, FL 

 166,131 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Dominick&#146;s, Countryside, IL 

 62,344 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Dominick&#146;s, Schaumburg, IL 

 71,400 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Downers Grove Market, Downers Grove, IL 

 103,419 

 99 

 97 

 96 

 97 

 100 

 Dunkirk Square f/k/a Maple Grove Retail, Maple Grove, MN 

 79,130 

 97 

 97 

 97 

 97 

 91 

 Eastgate Center, Lombard, IL 

 129,101 

 78 

 80 

 86 

 79 

 81 

 Edinburgh Festival, Brooklyn Park, MN 

 91,536 

 94 

 85 

 80 

 93 

 92 

 Elmhurst City Centre, Elmhurst, IL 

 39,090 

 88 

 94 

 94 

 100 

 100 

 Food 4 Less, Hammond, IN 

 71,313 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Four Flaggs, Niles, IL 

 304,603 

 100 

 94 

 86 

 89 

 74 

 Four Flaggs Annex, Niles, IL 

 21,425 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Gateway Square, Hinsdale, IL 

 40,115 

 80 

 83 

 81 

 89 

 92 

 Glendale Heights Retail, Glendale Heights, IL 

 68,879 

 0 
 
 (a) 
 
 0 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 Golf Road Plaza, Niles, IL 

 25,992 

 100 

 100 

 61 

 86 

 86 

 Grand and Hunt Center Outlot, Gurnee, IL 

 21,194 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 54 

 Grand Traverse Crossings, Traverse City, MI 

 21,337 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 Hammond Mills, Hammond, IN 

 7,488 

 73 

 0 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Hartford Plaza, Naperville, IL 

 43,762 

 100 

 83 

 97 

 100 

 100 

 Hawthorn Village Commons, Vernon Hills, IL 

 98,806 

 92 

 97 

 95 

 99 

 96 

 Hickory Creek Marketplace, Frankfort, IL 

 55,831 

 78 

 82 

 81 

 97 

 91 

 Home Goods, Coon Rapids, MN 

 25,145 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Iroquois Center, Naperville, IL 

 140,981 

 76 

 75 

 74 

 93 

 98 

 Joliet Commons, Joliet, IL 

 158,853 

 100 

 87 

 87 

 100 

 92 

 Joliet Commons Ph II, Joliet, IL 

 40,395 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Lake Park Plaza, Michigan City, IN 

 114,867 

 86 

 82 

 86 

 91 

 70 

 Lansing Square, Lansing, IL 

 233,508 

 8 

 17 

 39 

 87 

 58 

 Mankato Heights, Mankato, MN 

 155,173 

 96 

 100 

 99 

 99 

 97 

 Maple Park Place, Bolingbrook, IL 

 214,455 

 88 
 
 (a) 
 
 74 

 74 

 99 

 98 

 29 

 Table of Contents 

 Properties 

 Gross Leasable Area 

 2011 % 

 2010 % 

 2009 % 

 2008 % 

 2007 % 

 Medina Marketplace, Medina, OH 

 92,446 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 95 

 98 

 Michael&#146;s, Coon Rapids, MN 

 24,240 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Mundelein Plaza, Mundelein, IL 

 16,803 

 100 

 90 

 90 

 90 

 89 

 Nantucket Square, Schaumburg, IL 

 56,981 

 88 

 94 

 94 

 85 

 95 

 Naper West, Naperville, IL 

 214,109 

 96 

 75 

 91 

 94 

 74 

 Oak Forest Commons, Oak Forest, IL 

 108,330 

 82 

 82 

 94 

 95 

 93 

 Oak Forest Commons Ph III, Oak Forest, IL 

 7,424 

 40 

 24 

 0 

 0 

 38 

 Oak Lawn Town Center, Oak Lawn, IL 

 12,506 

 85 

 50 

 90 

 100 

 100 

 Oliver Square, West Chicago, IL 

 77,637 

 66 

 66 

 0 

 100 

 100 

 Orchard Crossing, Ft. Wayne, IN 

 118,244 

 87 

 82 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Orland Greens, Orland Park, IL 

 45,031 

 88 

 97 

 63 

 88 

 90 

 Orland Park Place Outlots, Orland Park, IL 

 11,900 

 100 

 0 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Park Avenue Centre, Highland Park, IL 

 64,943 

 100 

 50 

 50 

 100 

 67 

 Park Center, Tinley Park, IL 

 128,390 

 83 

 69 

 76 

 90 

 90 

 Park Place Plaza, St. Louis Park, MN 

 88,999 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Park Square, Brooklyn Park, MN 

 136,664 

 100 

 100 

 90 

 87 

 94 

 Park St. Claire, Schaumburg, IL 

 11,859 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 35 

 35 

 PetsMart, Gurnee, IL 

 25,692 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Pine Tree Plaza, Janesville, WI 

 187,413 

 98 

 98 

 98 

 99 

 99 

 Plymouth Collection, Plymouth, MN 

 45,915 

 100 

 95 

 100 

 100 

 89 

 Quarry Outlot, Hodgkins, IL 

 9,650 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Rite-Aid, Chattanooga, TN 

 10,908 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 River Square, Naperville, IL 

 58,260 

 86 

 86 

 84 

 86 

 92 

 Riverdale Commons, Coon Rapids, MN 

 175,802 

 100 

 100 

 98 

 99 

 78 

 Riverdale Commons Outlot, Coon Rapids, MN 

 6,566 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Riverplace Center, Noblesville, IN 

 74,414 

 98 
 
 (a) 
 
 98 

 98 

 96 

 94 

 Rivertree Court, Vernon Hills, IL 

 308,862 

 99 

 98 

 93 

 97 

 97 

 Rochester Marketplace, Rochester, MN 

 70,213 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 97 

 100 

 Rose Plaza, Elmwood Park, IL 

 24,204 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Roundy&#146;s, Waupaca, WI 

 63,780 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Roundy&#146;s, Menomonee Falls, WI 

 103,611 

 100 

 100 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Salem Square, Countryside, IL 

 116,992 

 100 

 96 

 97 

 97 

 100 

 Schaumburg Plaza, Schaumburg, IL 

 61,485 

 65 

 94 

 94 

 94 

 92 

 Schaumburg Promenade, Schaumburg, IL 

 91,831 

 100 

 100 

 90 

 93 

 100 

 Shakopee Outlot, Shakopee, MN 

 12,285 

 85 

 85 

 85 

 100 

 100 

 Shakopee Valley Marketplace, Shakopee, MN 

 146,362 

 100 

 100 

 98 

 100 

 99 

 Shingle Creek, Brooklyn Center, MN 

 39,456 

 91 

 89 

 89 

 89 

 91 

 Shoppes at Grayhawk, Omaha, NB 

 81,000 

 90 

 86 

 79 

 91 

 93 

 Shops at Coopers Grove, Country Club Hills, IL 

 72,518 

 96 
 
 (a) 
 
 100 

 20 

 20 

 23 

 Shops at Orchard Place, Skokie, IL 

 159,091 

 98 

 99 

 97 

 97 

 94 

 Six Corners Plaza, Chicago, IL 

 80,596 

 99 

 99 

 74 

 95 

 97 

 Skokie Fashion Square, Skokie, IL 

 84,580 

 96 

 50 

 50 

 80 

 96 

 Skokie Fashion Square II, Skokie, IL 

 7,151 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 St. James Crossing, Westmont, IL 

 49,994 

 58 

 79 

 85 

 100 

 88 

 Staples, Freeport, IL 

 24,049 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 The Plaza, Brookfield, WI 

 107,952 

 93 

 94 

 70 

 95 

 97 

 Townes Crossing, Oswego, IL 

 105,989 

 90 

 90 

 91 

 97 

 100 

 Two Rivers Plaza, Bolingbrook, IL 

 57,900 

 72 
 
 (a) 
 
 80 

 80 

 100 

 100 

 University Crossings, Mishawaka, IN 

 111,651 

 97 

 97 

 95 

 82 

 69 

 Verizon, Joliet, IL 

 4,504 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Walgreens, Jennings, MO 

 15,120 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Wauconda Crossings, Wauconda, IL 

 90,290 

 17 
 
 (a) 
 
 15 

 15 

 17 

 99 

 Wauconda Shopping Center, Wauconda, IL 

 34,137 

 100 

 100 

 93 

 84 

 76 

 Westriver Crossing, Joliet, IL 

 32,452 

 72 

 77 

 59 

 75 

 96 

 30 

 Table of Contents 

 Properties 

 Gross Leasable Area 

 2011 % 

 2010 % 

 2009 % 

 2008 % 

 2007 % 

 Winnetka Commons, New Hope, MN 

 42,415 

 80 

 85 

 77 

 89 

 85 

 Woodland Heights, Streamwood, IL 

 120,436 

 93 

 88 

 95 

 88 

 94 

 Sub-total 

 9,705,014 

 The following table lists the gross leasable area and approximate physical occupancy levels for our investment properties in our unconsolidated joint ventures as of December 31, 2011, 2010, 2009, 2008 and 2007. N/A indicates we did not own the investment property at the end of the year. 

 Properties 

 Gross Leasable Area 

 2011 % 

 2010 % 

 2009 % 

 2008 % 

 2007 % 

 Brownstones Shopping Center, Brookfield, WI 

 137,821 

 96 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Byerly&#146;s Burnsville, Burnsville, MN (b) 

 72,339 

 98 

 98 

 98 

 100 

 96 

 Caton Crossing, Plainfield, IL (b) 

 83,792 

 89 
 
 (a) 
 
 96 

 93 

 93 

 96 

 Champlin Marketplace, Champlin, MN 

 88,577 

 91 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Chatham Ridge, Chicago, IL 

 175,991 

 100 

 100 

 99 

 63 

 67 

 Cobbler Crossing, Elgin, IL 

 102,643 

 91 

 95 

 95 

 89 

 97 

 Cub Foods, Arden Hills, MN (b) 

 68,442 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 100 

 Diffley Marketplace, Eagan, MN 

 62,656 

 98 

 94 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Elston Plaza, Chicago, IL 

 88,218 

 90 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Forest Lake Marketplace, Forest Lake, MN 

 93,853 

 95 

 98 

 95 

 98 

 100 

 Greentree Centre & Outlot, Caledonia, WI 

 169,268 

 94 

 97 

 97 

 97 

 97 

 Joffco Square, Chicago, IL 

 95,204 

 83 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Mallard Crossing, Elk Grove Village, IL (b) 

 82,929 

 95 

 86 

 89 

 91 

 97 

 Mapleview, Grayslake, IL 

 105,642 

 89 

 91 

 100 

 96 

 94 

 Marketplace at Six Corners, Chicago, IL 

 116,975 

 100 

 100 

 96 

 100 

 100 

 Orland Park Place, Orland Park, IL 

 592,445 

 99 

 95 

 91 

 98 

 99 

 Quarry Retail, Minneapolis, MN (b) 

 281,458 

 100 

 99 

 99 

 99 

 99 

 Randall Square, Geneva, IL 

 216,107 

 91 

 94 

 89 

 99 

 99 

 Ravinia Plaza, Orland Park, IL 

 101,384 

 70 

 100 

 95 

 98 

 96 

 Red Top Plaza, Libertyville, IL 

 151,840 

 87 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Regal Showplace, Crystal Lake, IL 

 96,928 

 98 

 99 

 97 

 88 

 100 

 Shannon Square Shoppes, Arden Hills, MIN (b) 

 29,196 

 93 
 
 (a) 
 
 100 

 96 

 100 

 92 

 Stuart&#146;s Crossing, St. Charles, IL (b) 

 85,529 

 98 

 93 

 93 

 93 

 93 

 Thatcher Woods, River Grove, IL 

 188,213 

 98 

 88 

 91 

 91 

 97 

 The Point at Clark, Chicago, IL 

 95,455 

 95 
 
 (a) 
 
 95 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 The Shoppes at Mill Creek, Palos Park, IL 

 102,422 

 91 

 94 

 95 

 98 

 97 

 The Shops of Plymouth Town Center, Plymouth, MN (b) 

 84,003 

 100 

 100 

 97 

 100 

 100 

 Turfway Commons, Florence, KY 

 105,471 

 95 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Village Ten Center, Coon Rapids, MN (b) 

 211,472 

 97 

 98 

 98 

 97 

 98 

 Walgreens, Gallup, NM 

 14,820 

 100 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Walgreens, Normal, IL 

 14,490 

 100 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Walgreens, Somerset, MA 

 13,650 

 100 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Walgreens, Spokane, WA 

 14,490 

 100 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Walgreens, Villa Rica, GA 

 13,650 

 100 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Walgreens, Waynesburg, PA 

 14,820 

 100 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 Woodfield Commons-East/West, Schaumburg, IL 

 207,452 

 95 

 98 

 98 

 71 

 95 

 Woodfield Plaza, Schaumburg, IL (b) 

 177,160 

 95 

 98 

 98 

 78 

 99 

 Woodland Commons, Buffalo Grove, IL (b) 

 170,122 

 97 

 94 

 91 

 95 

 95 

 Sub-total 

 4,526,927 

 Grand Total 

 14,231,941 

 (a) 
 
 Tenant has vacated their space but is still contractually obligated under their lease to pay rent. 

 (b) 
 
 Occupancy for properties contributed to our joint venture with PGGM includes information related to the period prior to the contribution. 
 
 31 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are not party to, and none of our properties is subject to, any material pending legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 32 

 Table of Contents 
 
 PART II 
 (In this Part II disclosure, all amounts are presented in thousands, except per share data and square footage amounts) 

 Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 
 As of February 27, 2012, there were 4,366 stockholders of record of our common stock. Our shares have been listed on the New York Stock Exchange since June 9, 2004 under the symbol IRC. During the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, we paid distributions equal to $0.57 per common share. The distribution was paid on a monthly basis equal to the pro rata share of the per annum distribution. The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales prices for our shares on the New York Stock Exchange. 

 For the Quarter Ended 

 High 

 Low 

 December 31, 2011 

 $ 
 
 7.92 

 $ 
 
 6.57 

 September 30, 2011 

 9.38 

 6.80 

 June 30, 2011 

 9.99 

 8.41 

 March 31, 2011 

 9.55 

 8.78 

 December 31, 2010 

 $ 
 
 9.31 

 $ 
 
 7.99 

 September 30, 2010 

 8.50 

 7.17 

 June 30, 2010 

 10.05 

 7.50 

 March 31, 2010 

 10.29 

 7.78 

 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table presents certain information, as of December 31, 2011, with respect to compensation plans, including individual compensation arrangements, under which equity securities are authorized for issuance: 

 Plan Category 

 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 

 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 

 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 

 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders: 

 2005 Equity Award Plan 

 177 

 $ 
 
 9.97 

 2,232 

 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 

 Independent Director Stock Option Plan (a) 

 15 

 13.45 

 &#151; 

 Total 

 192 

 $ 
 
 10.24 

 2,232 

 (a) We adopted the Independent Director Stock Option Plan concurrently with the commencement of our first offering in 1994. A total of 50 shares were authorized and reserved for issuance under this plan. Only non-employee directors were eligible to participate in this plan. As of December 31, 2011, options to purchase all 50 authorized shares were issued, of which 29 were exercised and 6 were retired. 
 
 33 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Reference is made to Notes 7 and 14 to the financial statements in Item 8 of the Annual Report for a discussion of our compensation plans. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total return on our common stock for the last five fiscal years, with the cumulative total return on the Standard & Poor&#146;s 500 Stock Index (&#147;S&P 500&#148;) and with the FTSE NAREIT Equity REIT Index over the same period (assuming the investment of $100 in our common stock, the S&P 500 Index and the FTSE NAREIT Equity REIT Index on December 31, 2006, and the reinvestment of all distributions). 

 2006 

 2007 

 2008 

 2009 

 2010 

 2011 

 Inland Real Estate Corporation 

 100.00 

 80.14 

 78.96 

 54.45 

 62.89 

 58.26 

 S&P 500 

 100.00 

 105.49 

 66.46 

 84.05 

 96.71 

 98.76 

 FTSE NAREIT Equity 

 100.00 

 84.31 

 52.50 

 67.20 

 85.98 

 93.10 

 Distributions 
 
 For federal income tax purposes, distributions may consist of ordinary dividend income, non-taxable return of capital, capital gains or a combination thereof. Distributions to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes are taxable to the recipient as either ordinary dividend income or capital gain distributions. Distributions in excess of these earnings and profits (calculated for income tax purposes) will constitute a non-taxable return of capital rather than ordinary dividend income or a capital gain distribution and will reduce the recipient&#146;s basis in the shares to the extent thereof, and thereafter will constitute taxable gain. Distributions in excess of earnings and profits that reduce a recipient&#146;s basis in the sharers have the effect of deferring taxation of the amount of the distribution until the sale of the stockholder&#146;s shares. 
 
 34 

 Table of Contents 
 
 In order to maintain our status as a REIT, we must distribute at least 90% of our taxable income, subject to certain adjustments, to our stockholders. For the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, our taxable income was $29,570 and $32,544, respectively. We declared monthly cash distributions to stockholders totaling $50,589 and $49,008 or $0.57 on an annual basis per share of common stock for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Future distributions are determined by our board of directors. We expect to continue paying distributions to maintain our status as a REIT. We annually notify our stockholders of the taxability of distributions paid during the preceding year. The following table sets forth the taxability of distributions, on a per share basis, paid in 2011 and 2010: 

 2011 (a) 

 2010 (b) 

 Ordinary income 

 $ 
 
 0.332 

 0.391 

 Non-taxable return of capital 

 0.238 

 0.179 

 Qualified dividends (c) 

 0.016 

 0.008 

 (a) The December distribution declared on December 19, 2011, with a record date of January 3, 2012 and payment date of January 17, 2012, is reportable for tax purposes in 2012 and is not reflected in the 2011 allocation. 
 (b) The December distribution declared on December 17, 2010, with a record date of December 31, 2010 and payment date of January 18, 2011, is reportable for tax purposes in 2011 and is not reflected in the 2010 allocation. 
 (c) Represents additional characterization of amounts included in Ordinary income 
 
 Holders of our Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when and as authorized by the Board of Directors, cumulative preferential cash distributions based on the stated rate and liquidation preference per annum. We declared $948, or $0.38 per share of preferred stock, during the year ended December 31, 2011. The following table sets forth the taxability of distributions, on a per share basis, paid in 2011: 

 2011 (a) 

 Ordinary income 

 $ 
 
 0.389 

 Qualified dividends (b) 

 0.019 

 (a) The December distribution declared on December 15, 2011, with a record date of January 1, 2012 and a payment date of January 17, 2012, is reportable for tax purposes in 2012 and is not reflected in the 2011 allocation. 
 (b) Represents additional characterization of amounts included in Ordinary income 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 We did not repurchase any of our outstanding common stock during the year ended December 31, 2011. 
 
 35 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION For the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, 2009, 2008 and 2007 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 
 The following table sets forth Selected Consolidated Financial Data on a historical basis for the five years ended December 31, 2011. This information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements (including notes thereto) and Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, each included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This historical Selected Consolidated Financial Data has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements. 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Total assets 

 $ 
 
 1,159,906 

 1,254,841 

 1,165,428 

 1,236,831 

 1,321,319 

 Mortgages payable 

 391,202 

 483,186 

 384,468 

 479,935 

 606,680 

 Unsecured credit facilities 

 280,000 

 195,000 

 185,000 

 192,000 

 100,000 

 Convertible notes 

 27,863 

 107,360 

 122,266 

 159,135 

 172,305 

 Total revenues 

 167,226 

 165,173 

 166,114 

 185,885 

 184,664 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations 

 (8,998 
 
 ) 
 
 (314 
 
 ) 
 
 6,453 

 29,038 

 39,395 

 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

 (8,132 
 
 ) 
 
 1,218 

 9,209 

 30,425 

 42,095 

 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per weighted average common share, basic and diluted 

 (0.09 
 
 ) 
 
 0.01 

 0.12 

 0.46 

 0.64 

 Total distributions declared, preferred 

 948 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total distributions declared, common 

 50,589 

 49,008 

 53,875 

 64,782 

 63,824 

 Distributions per common share 

 0.57 

 0.57 

 0.69 

 0.98 

 0.98 

 Cash flows provided by operating activities 

 63,274 

 59,523 

 71,051 

 66,668 

 83,478 

 Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities 

 (101,851 
 
 ) 
 
 (28,735 
 
 ) 
 
 6,092 

 (110,630 
 
 ) 
 
 (149,852 
 
 ) 

 Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 

 32,762 

 (23,941 
 
 ) 
 
 (75,604 
 
 ) 
 
 30,764 

 57,183 

 Average annualized base rent per leased square foot 

 12.85 

 13.07 

 12.21 

 12.68 

 12.44 

 Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic 

 88,530 

 85,951 

 78,441 

 66,043 

 65,281 

 Weighted average common shares outstanding, diluted 

 88,530 

 85,951 

 78,504 

 66,102 

 65,346 

 The above financial data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 36 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 7. Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Certain statements in this &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (including documents incorporated herein by reference) constitute &#147;forward-looking statements&#148; within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended and the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are statements that do not reflect historical facts and instead reflect our management&#146;s intentions, beliefs, expectations, plans or predictions of the future. Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as &#147;believe,&#148; &#147;expect,&#148; &#147;anticipate,&#148; &#147;intend,&#148; &#147;estimate,&#148; &#147;may,&#148; &#147;will,&#148; &#147;should&#148; and &#147;could.&#148; Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that describe or contain information related to matters such as management&#146;s intent, belief or expectation with respect to our financial performance, investment strategy or our portfolio, our ability to address debt maturities, our cash flows, our growth prospects, the value of our assets, our joint venture commitments and the amount and timing of anticipated future cash distributions. Forward-looking statements reflect the intent, belief or expectations of our management based on their knowledge and understanding of the business and industry and their assumptions, beliefs and expectations with respect to the market for commercial real estate, the U.S. economy and other future conditions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors, including but not limited to the factors listed and described under Item 1A&#148;Risk Factors&#148; in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;) on February 28, 2012 as they may be revised or supplemented by us in subsequent Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. Among such risks, uncertainties and other factors are market and economic challenges experienced by the U.S. economy or real estate industry as a whole, including dislocations and liquidity disruptions in the credit markets; the inability of tenants to continue paying their rent obligations due to bankruptcy, insolvency or a general downturn in their business; competition for real estate assets and tenants; impairment charges; the availability of cash flow from operating activities for distributions and capital expenditures; our ability to refinance maturing debt or to obtain new financing on attractive terms; future increases in interest rates; actions or failures by our joint venture partners, including development partners; and factors that could affect our ability to qualify as a real estate investment trust. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results. 
 
 In this report, all references to &#147;we,&#148; &#147;our&#148; and &#147;us&#148; refer collectively to Inland Real Estate Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 
 We are a self-managed, publicly traded real estate investment trust (&#147;REIT&#148;) that owns and operates neighborhood, community, power and single tenant retail centers. We also may construct or develop properties or render services in connection with construction or development. Our investment properties are typically anchored by grocery, drug or discount stores, which provide everyday goods and services to consumers, rather than stores that sell discretionary items. We seek to acquire properties with high quality tenants and attempt to mitigate our risk of tenant defaults by maintaining a diversified tenant base. As of December 31, 2011, no single tenant accounted for more than approximately 7.5% of annual base rent in our total portfolio. 
 
 We are incorporated under Maryland law and have qualified and elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the &#147;Code&#148;), for federal income tax purposes commencing with the tax year ended December 31, 1995. Since we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we generally are not subject to federal income tax on taxable income that is distributed to stockholders; however, we are subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that we distribute at least 90% of our taxable income to our stockholders, subject to certain adjustments. Moreover, we may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income, property or net worth and federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed income. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, without the benefit of certain relief provisions of the Code we will be subject to federal and state income taxes on our taxable income at regular corporate tax rates. 
 
 We engage in certain activities through our wholly owned taxable REIT subsidiaries (&#147;TRS entities&#148;), Inland Venture Corporation (&#147;IVC&#148;) and Inland Exchange Venture Corporation (&#147;IEVC&#148;). TRS entities engage in activities that would otherwise produce income that would not be REIT qualifying income, such as managing properties owned through our joint ventures. TRS entities are subject to federal and state income and franchise taxes. 
 
 37 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Our largest expenses relate to the operation of our properties as well as the interest expense on our mortgages payable and other debt obligations. Our property operating expenses include, but are not limited to, real estate taxes, regular maintenance, landscaping, snow removal and periodic renovations to meet tenant needs. Pursuant to lease agreements, most tenants are required to reimburse us for some or all of their pro rata share of the real estate taxes and operating expenses of the property. 
 
 During the recent economic downturn, our financial results were negatively impacted by increased vacancies, increased time to re-lease vacant spaces, reduced recovery income resulting from the decreased occupancy and lower rental rates on newly signed leases. As the real estate market has begun to improve, we have experienced an increase in recovery income, which we expect to continue as we work to fill remaining vacancies and restore our occupancy to our historical, pre-recession, mid-90 percent levels. We have also begun to experience an increase in market rental rates. Releasing vacant space has costs, including leasing commissions and tenant improvement allowances, which have the effect of reducing cash flow at the beginning of a new lease. Additionally, many leases contain tenant concessions, which delay the recognition of rental income during the abatement period. During the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2011, we recorded $2,016 and $6,443, respectively of tenant concessions and during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2010, these amounts were $1,457 and $4,777, respectively. 
 
 To measure our operating results against those of other retail real estate owners/operators, we compare occupancy percentages and our rental rates to the average rents charged by our competitors in similar centers. To measure our operating results against those of other REITs, we compare company-wide growth in net income and FFO, growth in same store net operating income and general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues and total assets. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2011, our leasing activity remained strong and our leasing spreads were positive on both new and renewed leases in our consolidated portfolio. During the year ended December 31, 2011, we executed 51 new, 147 renewal and 72 non-comparable leases (expansion square footage or spaces for which no former tenant was in place for one year or more), aggregating approximately 1,491,000 square feet of our consolidated portfolio. The 51 new leases comprise approximately 365,000 square feet with an average rental rate of $11.41 per square foot, a 9.7% increase over the average expiring rate. The 147 renewal leases comprise approximately 763,000 square feet with an average rental rate of $13.14 per square foot, a 7.9% increase over the average expiring rate. The 72 non-comparable leases comprise approximately 363,000 square feet with an average base rent of $10.83 per square foot. The calculations of former and new average base rents are adjusted for rent abatements. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the average leasing commission on leases signed was approximately $5 per square foot, the average cost for tenant improvements was approximately $20 per square foot and the average period given for rent concessions was three to five months. 
 
 During 2012, 154 leases, comprising approximately 436,000 square feet and accounting for approximately 5.6% of our annualized base rent, will be expiring in our consolidated portfolio. None of the expiring leases is deemed to be material to our financial results. The weighted average expiring rate on these leases is $15.00 per square foot. We will continue to attempt to renew expiring leases and re-lease those spaces that are vacant, or may become vacant, at more favorable rental rates to increase revenue and cash flow. 
 
 Occupancy as of December 31, 2011, September 30, 2011 and December 31, 2010 for our consolidated, unconsolidated and total portfolios is summarized below: 

 Consolidated Occupancy 

 As of December 31, 2011 

 As of September 30, 2011 

 As of December 31, 2010 

 Leased Occupancy (a) 

 92.0 
 
 % 
 
 93.4 
 
 % 
 
 92.9 
 
 % 

 Financial Occupancy (b) 

 89.3 
 
 % 
 
 87.5 
 
 % 
 
 88.6 
 
 % 

 Same Store Financial Occupancy 

 89.1 
 
 % 
 
 88.2 
 
 % 
 
 88.8 
 
 % 
 
 38 

 Table of Contents 

 Unconsolidated Occupancy (c) 

 As of December 31, 2011 

 As of September 30, 2011 

 As of December 31, 2010 

 Leased Occupancy (a) 

 95.7 
 
 % 
 
 95.9 
 
 % 
 
 95.8 
 
 % 

 Financial Occupancy (b) 

 94.4 
 
 % 
 
 93.4 
 
 % 
 
 93.0 
 
 % 

 Same Store Financial Occupancy 

 94.0 
 
 % 
 
 92.5 
 
 % 
 
 93.5 
 
 % 

 Total Occupancy 

 As of December 31, 2011 

 As of September 30, 2011 

 As of December 31, 2010 

 Leased Occupancy (a) 

 92.7 
 
 % 
 
 93.8 
 
 % 
 
 93.3 
 
 % 

 Financial Occupancy (b) 

 90.3 
 
 % 
 
 88.5 
 
 % 
 
 89.2 
 
 % 

 Same Store Financial Occupancy 

 89.7 
 
 % 
 
 88.7 
 
 % 
 
 89.3 
 
 % 

 (a) Leased Occupancy is defined as the percentage of gross leasable area for which there is a signed lease, regardless of whether the tenant is currently obligated to pay rent under their lease agreement. 
 (b) Financial Occupancy is defined as the percentage of total gross leasable area for which a tenant is obligated to pay rent under the terms of its lease agreement, regardless of the actual use or occupation by that tenant of the area being leased, excluding tenants in their abatement period. 
 (c) Unconsolidated occupancy is based on our percentage ownership. 
 
 The decrease in leased occupancy was primarily due to lease expirations on two big-box spaces that are currently being marketed for sale or lease, as well as the sales of 100-percent-occupied properties in the consolidated and unconsolidated portfolios during the quarter. 
 
 We pay affiliates of The Inland Group, Inc. (&#147;TIGI&#148;) for various administrative services. These services are provided at cost. TIGI, through its affiliates, owns approximately 12.8% of our outstanding common stock. For accounting purposes however, we are not directly affiliated with TIGI or its affiliates. During the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, we paid to TIGI and/or its affiliates $2,670, $1,989, and 1,850, respectively, for these various services. Reference is made to Note 6, &#147;Transactions with Related Parties&#148; to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for detail of the total amounts paid during the previous three years. The increase during the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009 is related to costs incurred to upgrade our current accounting system and for increased broker services. We expect to incur additional costs during 2012 related to the system upgrade, which is scheduled to be completed during the second quarter of 2012. The costs for the upgrade have been capitalized and are included in other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The increased broker costs are related to the use of a TIGI affiliate for certain financing transactions that closed during the year ended December 31, 2011. We expect to continue to use these services during 2012 however, the level of use has not yet been determined. 
 
 Strategies and Objectives 
 
 Current Strategies 
 
 Our primary business objective is to enhance the performance and value of our investment properties through management strategies that address the needs of an evolving retail marketplace. Our success in operating our centers efficiently and effectively is, we believe, a direct result of our expertise in the acquisition, management, leasing and development/re-development, either directly or through a joint venture, of our properties. 
 
 During 2011, our focus was on increasing assets under management through our joint ventures with PGGM and IPCC. Acquisitions for these joint ventures provide us with immediate and ongoing fee income. Additionally, we focused on our leasing activity. We maintained strong leasing activity during the recent economic downturn and we will continue to work to fill existing vacancies. 
 
 39 

 Table of Contents 
 
 During 2011, we continued our efforts to control and reduce property operating expenses. We were able to work with both our existing and new vendors to achieve lower unit prices, due to our market concentration and in certain circumstances, enter into multi-year contracts with these vendors. These unit price reductions were a factor of the lower property operating expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to prior years. In addition to the price reductions, we experienced a lower volume of maintenance and snow removal costs during 2011. We expect the price reductions to be in effect during 2012; however, we are not assured that property operating expenses will continue to decrease as we cannot estimate the volume of services that will be required in future years. 
 
 Our focus for 2012 will be to continue to grow assets under management through our joint ventures with PGGM and IPCC. We look to complete the acquisition goals of our joint venture with PGGM by acquiring the remaining $117,000 in new targeted acquisitions. We also look to formalize a permanent extension of our joint venture agreement with NSYTRS, which is currently extended through June 30, 2012. Finally, we look to continue to acquire properties through our joint venture with IPCC to provide additional acquisition fee income as well as ongoing management fee income. 
 
 Acquisition Strategies 
 
 We seek to selectively acquire well-located open air retail centers that meet our investment criteria. We will, from time to time, acquire properties either without financing contingencies or by assuming existing debt to provide us with a competitive advantage over other potential purchasers requiring financing or financing contingencies. Additionally, we concentrate our property acquisitions in areas where we have a large market concentration. In doing this, we believe we are able to attract new retailers to the area and possibly lease several locations to them. Additionally, we have been successful in leasing additional space to some existing tenants in our current investment properties. 
 
 Joint Ventures 
 
 We have formed joint ventures to acquire stabilized retail properties as well as properties to be redeveloped and vacant land to be developed. We structure these ventures to earn fees from the joint ventures for providing property management, asset management, acquisition and leasing services. We will continue to receive management and leasing fees for those investment properties under management; however, acquisition fees may decrease as we acquire fewer investment properties through these ventures. 
 
 Additionally, we have formed a joint venture to acquire properties that are ultimately sold to investors through a private offering of tenant-in-common (&#147;TIC&#148;) interests or interests in Delaware Statutory Trusts (&#147;DST&#148;). We earn fees from the joint venture for providing property management, acquisition and leasing services. We will continue to receive management and leasing fees for those properties under management; even after all of the TIC or DST interests have been sold. 
 
 Operations 
 
 We actively manage costs to minimize operating expenses by centralizing all management, leasing, marketing, financing, accounting and data processing activities to provide operating efficiencies. We seek to improve rental income and cash flow by aggressively marketing rentable space. We emphasize regular maintenance and periodic renovation to meet the needs of tenants and to maximize long-term returns. We maintain a diversified tenant base consisting primarily of retail tenants providing consumer goods and services. We proactively review our existing portfolio for potential re-development opportunities. 
 
 40 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 
 The table below presents investment property acquisitions during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. No investment property acquisitions were made during the year ended December 31, 2009. 

 Date 

 Property 

 City 

 State 

 GLA Sq.Ft. 

 Purchase Price 

 Cap Rate (g) 

 Financial Occupancy at time of Acquisition 

 12/15/11 

 Turfway Commons (a) 

 Florence 

 KY 

 105,471 

 $ 
 
 12,980 

 8.37 
 
 % 
 
 95 
 
 % 

 12/07/11 

 Elston Plaza (a) 

 Chicago 

 IL 

 88,218 

 18,900 

 6.75 
 
 % 
 
 90 
 
 % 

 11/29/11 

 Brownstones Shopping Center (a) 

 Brookfield 

 WI 

 137,821 

 24,100 

 7.00 
 
 % 
 
 96 
 
 % 

 11/01/11 

 Bradley Commons 

 Bradley 

 IL 

 174,782 

 25,820 

 7.45 
 
 % 
 
 93 
 
 % 

 09/21/11 

 Champlin Marketplace (a) 

 Champlin 

 MN 

 88,577 

 13,200 

 6.40 
 
 % 
 
 89 
 
 % 

 06/14/11 

 Walgreens (b) 

 Normal 

 IL 

 14,490 

 5,055 

 7.22 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 06/14/11 

 Walgreens (b) 

 Spokane 

 WA 

 14,490 

 5,764 

 7.20 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 06/14/11 

 Walgreens (b) 

 Villa Rica 

 GA 

 13,650 

 4,583 

 7.20 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 06/14/11 

 Walgreens (b) 

 Waynesburg 

 PA 

 14,820 

 5,402 

 7.20 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 06/14/11 

 Walgreens (b) 

 Somerset 

 MA 

 13,650 

 6,549 

 7.10 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 06/14/11 

 Walgreens (b) 

 Gallup 

 NM 

 14,820 

 4,674 

 7.19 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 06/02/11 

 Red Top Plaza (a) 

 Libertyville 

 IL 

 151,840 

 19,762 

 7.39 
 
 % 
 
 81 
 
 % 

 04/13/11 

 Bank of America (b) (c) 

 Portland 

 OR 

 &#151; 

 2,420 

 6.00 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 04/13/11 

 BB&T Bank (b) 

 Apopka 

 FL 

 2,931 

 1,547 

 6.90 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 04/13/11 

 AT&T (b) 

 Crestview 

 FL 

 3,476 

 1,883 

 7.20 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 04/13/11 

 CVS (b) 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 13,813 

 5,422 

 7.00 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 04/13/11 

 Advance Auto Parts (b) 

 Lawrenceville 

 GA 

 7,064 

 1,927 

 7.25 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 04/13/11 

 Mimi&#146;s Caf&#233; (b) 

 Brandon 

 FL 

 7,045 

 2,888 

 7.60 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 04/13/11 

 Ryan&#146;s Restaurant (b) 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 10,162 

 3,208 

 7.95 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 04/13/11 

 Applebee&#146;s (b) 

 Lewisville 

 TX 

 5,911 

 3,181 

 7.85 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 04/13/11 

 Capital One (b) (d) 

 Houston 

 TX 

 &#151; 

 1,500 

 6.00 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 04/13/11 

 Walgreens (b) 

 St. Louis 

 MO 

 14,490 

 5,405 

 6.84 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 04/13/11 

 Verizon (b) 

 Monroe 

 NC 

 4,500 

 2,979 

 7.25 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 04/13/11 

 Walgreens (b) 

 Milwaukee 

 WI 

 15,120 

 5,070 

 7.25 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 04/13/11 

 Dollar General (b) 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 9,142 

 1,419 

 7.35 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 04/13/11 

 Applebee&#146;s (b) 

 Eagan 

 MN 

 5,285 

 2,432 

 7.40 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 04/13/11 

 Taco Bell (b) 

 Port St. Lucie 

 FL 

 2,049 

 2,623 

 7.70 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 04/13/11 

 Buffalo Wild Wings (b) 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 6,974 

 3,027 

 7.70 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 03/24/11 

 Mariano&#146;s Fresh Market (b) 

 Arlington Heights 

 IL 

 66,393 

 20,800 

 7.41 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 01/11/11 

 Joffco Square (a) 

 Chicago 

 IL 

 95,204 

 23,800 

 7.15 
 
 % 
 
 83 
 
 % 

 11/22/10 

 Roundy&#146;s 

 Menomonee Falls 

 WI 

 103,611 

 20,722 

 7.68 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 11/15/10 

 CVS (b) 

 Elk Grove 

 CA 

 12,900 

 7,689 

 7.60 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 10/25/10 

 Diffley Marketplace (a) 

 Eagan 

 MN 

 62,656 

 11,861 

 6.54 
 
 % 
 
 94 
 
 % 

 10/07/10 

 Walgreens (b) 

 Island Lake 

 IL 

 14,820 

 4,493 

 7.50 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 09/24/10 

 University of Phoenix (b) 

 Meridian 

 ID 

 36,773 

 8,825 

 8.25 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 09/07/10 

 Harbor Square Plaza (b) (e) 

 Port Charlotte 

 FL 

 20,087 

 11,250 

 8.10 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 08/26/10 

 Copp&#146;s (b) 

 Sun Prairie 

 WI 

 61,048 

 11,700 

 8.35 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 07/08/10 

 Farnam Tech Center (b) 

 Omaha 

 NE 

 118,239 

 18,000 

 7.22 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 06/23/10 

 The Point at Clark (f) 

 Chicago 

 IL 

 95,455 

 28,816 

 7.74 
 
 % 
 
 100 
 
 % 

 1,627,777 

 $ 
 
 361,676 

 (a) These properties were acquired through our joint venture with PGGM 
 (b) These properties were acquired through our joint venture with IPCC. 
 (c) The purchase price of this property includes a 4,700 square foot ground lease with Bank of America. Ground lease square footage is not included in our GLA. 
 (d) The purchase price of this property includes a 5,300 square foot ground lease with Capital One. Ground lease square footage is not included in our GLA. 
 (e) The purchase price of this property includes a 96,253 square foot ground lease with Kohl&#146;s also acquired. Ground lease square footage is not included in our GLA. 
 (f) This property was sold to our joint venture with PGGM on August 31, 2010. 
 (g) The Cap Rate disclosed is as of the time of acquisition and is calculated by dividing the net operating income (&#147;NOI&#148;) by the purchase price. NOI is defined as net income for the twelve months following the acquisition of the property, calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, excluding straight-line rental income, amortization of lease intangibles, interest, depreciation, amortization and bad debt expense, less a vacancy factor to allow for potential tenant move-outs or defaults. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2010, we were granted possession of a vacant building at our Orland Park Place Outlots investment property. Previously, we had a ground lease with a restaurant operator. Upon default by the tenant, we added this building to our portfolio, pursuant to the lease terms, which resulted in income of $890. 
 
 41 

 Table of Contents 
 
 The table below presents investment property dispositions, including properties disposed of by our unconsolidated joint ventures, during the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009. 

 Date 

 Property 

 City 

 State 

 GLA Sq. Ft. 

 Sale Price 

 Gain (Loss) on Sale 

 11/30/11 

 Bank of America (a) (b) 

 Portland 

 OR 

 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 53,718 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 11/30/11 

 BB&T Bank (a) (b) 

 Apopka 

 FL 

 2,931 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 11/30/11 

 AT&T (a) (b) 

 Crestview 

 FL 

 3,476 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 11/30/11 

 CVS (a) (b) 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 13,813 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 11/30/11 

 Advance Auto Parts (a) (b) 

 Lawrenceville 

 GA 

 7,064 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 11/30/11 

 Mimi&#146;s Caf&#233; (a) (b) 

 Brandon 

 FL 

 7,045 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 11/30/11 

 Ryan&#146;s Restaurant (a) (b) 

 Columbia 

 SC 

 10,162 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 11/30/11 

 Applebee&#146;s (a) (b) 

 Lewisville 

 TX 

 5,911 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 11/30/11 

 Capital One (a) (b) 

 Houston 

 TX 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 11/30/11 

 Walgreens (a) (b) 

 St. Louis 

 MO 

 14,490 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 11/30/11 

 Verizon (a) (b) 

 Monroe 

 NC 

 4,500 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 11/30/11 

 Walgreens (a) (b) 

 Milwaukee 

 WI 

 15,120 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 11/30/11 

 Dollar General (a) (b) 

 Fort Worth 

 TX 

 9,142 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 11/30/11 

 Applebee&#146;s (a) (b) 

 Eagan 

 MN 

 5,285 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 11/30/11 

 Taco Bell (a) (b) 

 Port St. Lucie 

 FL 

 2,049 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 11/30/11 

 Buffalo Wild Wings (a) (b) 

 San Antonio 

 TX 

 6,974 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 10/28/11 

 Orland Park Retail 

 Orland Park 

 IL 

 8,500 

 975 

 59 

 10/07/11 

 Rose Plaza East and West 

 Naperville 

 IL 

 25,993 

 5,050 

 895 

 08/18/11 

 Park Center Plaza (partial) 

 Tinley Park 

 IL 

 61,000 

 3,000 

 358 

 07/21/11 

 Mariano&#146;s Fresh Market (a) 

 Arlington Heights 

 IL 

 66,393 

 23,430 

 &#151; 

 07/21/11 

 CVS (a) (c) 

 Elk Grove 

 CA 

 12,900 

 40,313 

 &#151; 

 07/21/11 

 Walgreens (a) (c) 

 Island Lake 

 IL 

 14,820 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 07/21/11 

 Harbor Square Plaza (a) (c) 

 Port Charlotte 

 FL 

 20,087 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 07/21/11 

 Copps&#146;s (a) (c) 

 Sun Prairie 

 WI 

 61,048 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 05/25/11 

 University of Phoenix (a) 

 Meridian 

 ID 

 36,773 

 10,698 

 &#151; 

 02/14/11 

 Schaumburg Golf Road Retail 

 Schaumburg 

 IL 

 9,988 

 2,150 

 197 

 12/30/10 

 Bank of America (a) (d) 

 Moosic 

 PA 

 300,000 

 77,810 

 &#151; 

 12/30/10 

 Bank of America (a) (d) 

 Las Vegas 

 NV 

 85,708 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 12/16/10 

 Farnam Tech Center (a) 

 Omaha 

 NB 

 118,237 

 21,390 

 &#151; 

 12/08/10 

 Bank of America (a) (e) 

 Hunt Valley 

 MD 

 377,332 

 97,420 

 &#151; 

 12/08/10 

 Bank of America (a) (e) 

 Rio Rancho 

 NM 

 76,768 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 11/29/10 

 Homewood Plaza 

 Homewood 

 IL 

 19,000 

 2,500 

 1,108 

 09/01/10 

 Northgate Center 

 Sheboygan 

 WI 

 73,647 

 8,025 

 (9 
 
 ) 

 08/05/10 

 Springboro Plaza 

 Springboro 

 OH 

 154,034 

 7,125 

 230 

 04/30/10 

 Park Center Plaza (partial) 

 Tinley Park 

 IL 

 5,089 

 845 

 521 

 07/15/09 

 University of Phoenix (a) 

 Merrillville 

 IN 

 18,018 

 6,680 

 &#151; 

 04/30/09 

 Lake Park Plaza (partial) 

 Michigan City 

 IN 

 114,557 

 1,706 

 8 

 04/08/09 

 Montgomery Plaza 

 Montgomery 

 IL 

 12,903 

 720 

 &#151; 

 02/10/09 

 Western-Howard Plaza 

 Chicago 

 IL 

 11,974 

 1,845 

 117 

 01/30/09 

 Wisner-Milwaukee Plaza 

 Chicago 

 IL 

 14,426 

 4,000 

 1,883 

 01/21/09 

 Fox Run Square (a) (f) 

 Naperville 

 IL 

 143,512 

 26,710 

 341 

 1,950,669 

 $ 
 
 396,110 

 $ 
 
 5,708 

 (a) This property is included as a disposition because all of the TIC or DST interests have been sold through our joint venture with IPCC. No gain or loss is reflected in this table because the disposition of these properties is not considered a property sale, but rather a sale of ownership interest in the properties. The gains from these properties are included in gain from sale of joint venture interests on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 (b) The interests in these sixteen properties were sold together as a package. The sale price of $53,718 was for all sixteen properties. 
 (c) The interests in these four properties were sold together as a package. The sale price of $40,313 was for all four properties. 
 (d) The interests in the two Bank of America buildings, Moosic, PA and Las Vegas, NV, were sold together as a package. The sale price of $77,810 was for both properties. 
 (e) The interests in the two Bank of America buildings, Hunt Valley, MD and Rio Rancho, NM, were sold together as a package. The sale price of $97,420 was for both properties. 
 (f) This property was contributed to our joint venture with IPCC and the gain shown relates to our contribution of the property to the joint venture. The gain is included in gain on sale of investment property on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 42 

 Table of Contents 
 
 The table below presents development property dispositions during the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009. There were no development property dispositions during the year ended December 31, 2011. 

 Date 

 Property 

 Joint Venture Partner 

 City 

 State 

 Approx. Acres 

 Sales Price 

 08/31/10 

 Savannah Crossing 

 TMK Development, Inc. 

 Aurora 

 IL 

 2 

 $ 
 
 2,350 

 08/13/10 

 North Aurora Outlots Phase I 

 North American Real Estate 

 North Aurora 

 IL 

 1 

 260 

 09/29/09 

 Savannah Crossing 

 TMK Development, Inc 

 Aurora 

 IL 

 2 

 4,700 

 5 

 $ 
 
 7,310 

 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 General. A critical accounting policy is one that, we believe, would materially affect our operating results or financial condition, and requires management to make estimates or judgments in certain circumstances. We believe that our most critical accounting policies relate to the recognition of rental income and tenant recoveries, allocation and valuation of investment properties, consolidation/equity accounting policies and our investment in securities. These judgments often result from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. U.S. GAAP requires information in financial statements about accounting principles, methods used and disclosures pertaining to significant estimates. The following disclosure discusses judgments known to management pertaining to trends, events or uncertainties that were taken into consideration upon the application of critical accounting policies and the likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported upon taking into consideration different conditions and assumptions. 
 
 Recognition of Rental Income and Tenant Recoveries. Under U.S. GAAP, we are required to recognize rental income based on the effective monthly rent for each lease. The effective monthly rent is equal to the average monthly rent during the term of the lease, not the stated rent for any particular month. The process, known as &#147;straight-lining&#148; rent, generally has the effect of increasing rental revenues during the early phases of a lease and decreasing rental revenues in the latter phases of a lease. If rental income calculated on a straight-line basis exceeds the cash rent due under the lease, the difference is recorded as an increase to both deferred rent receivable and rental income in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. If the cash rent due under the lease exceeds rental income calculated on a straight-line basis, the difference is recorded as a decrease to both deferred rent receivable and rental income in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. We defer recognition of contingent rental income, such as percentage/excess rent, until the specified target that triggers the contingent rental income is achieved. We periodically review the collectability of outstanding receivables. Allowances are taken for those balances that we have reason to believe will be uncollectible, including any amounts relating to straight-line rent receivables. Amounts deemed to be uncollectible are written off. 
 
 Tenant recoveries are primarily comprised of real estate tax and common area maintenance reimbursement income. Real estate tax income is based on an accrual reimbursement calculated by tenant, based on an estimate of current year real estate taxes. As actual real estate tax bills are received, we reconcile with our tenants and adjust prior year income estimates in the current period. Common area maintenance income is accrued on actual common area maintenance expenses as incurred. Annually, we reconcile with the tenants for their share of the expenses per their lease and we adjust prior year income estimates in the current period. 
 
 Allocation of Investment Properties. We allocate the purchase price of each acquired investment property between land, building and improvements, other intangibles (including acquired above market leases, acquired below market leases, customer relationships and acquired in-place leases) and any financing assumed that is determined to be above or below market terms. Purchase price allocations are based on our estimates. The value allocated to land as opposed to building affects the amount of depreciation expense we record. If more value is attributed to land, depreciation expense is lower than if more value is attributed to building and improvements. In some circumstances we engage independent real estate appraisal firms to provide market information and evaluations that are relevant to our purchase price allocations; however, we are ultimately responsible for the purchase price allocation. We determine whether any financing assumed is above or below market based upon comparison to similar financing terms for similar investment properties. 
 
 43 

 Table of Contents 
 
 We expense acquisition costs for investment property acquisitions, accounted for as business combinations, to record the acquisition at its fair value. 
 
 The aggregate value of other intangibles is measured based on the difference between the purchase price and the property valued as-if-vacant. We utilize information contained in independent appraisals and management&#146;s estimates to determine the respective as-if-vacant property values. Factors considered by management in our analysis of determining the as-if-vacant property value include an estimate of carrying costs during the expected lease-up periods considering current market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases and the risk adjusted cost of capital. In estimating carrying costs, management includes real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses and estimates of lost rentals at market rates during the expected lease-up periods, up to 24 months. Management also estimates costs to execute similar leases including leasing commissions, tenant improvements, legal and other related expenses. We allocate the difference between the purchase price of the property and the as-if-vacant value first to acquired above and below market leases. We evaluate each acquired lease based upon current market rates at the acquisition date and consider various factors including geographic location, size and location of leased space within the investment property, tenant profile and the credit risk of the tenant in determining whether the acquired lease is above or below market. After an acquired lease is determined to be above or below market, we allocate a portion of the purchase price to the acquired above or below market lease based upon the present value of the difference between the contractual lease rate and the estimated market rate. For below market leases with fixed rate renewals, renewal periods are included in the calculation of below market lease values and the amortization period. The determination of the discount rate used in the present value calculation is based upon a rate for each individual lease and primarily based upon the credit worthiness of each individual tenant. The values of the acquired above and below market leases are amortized over the life of each respective lease as an adjustment to rental income. 
 
 We then allocate the remaining difference to the value of acquired in-place leases and customer relationships based on management&#146;s evaluation of specific leases and our overall relationship with the respective tenants. The evaluation of acquired in-place leases consists of a variety of components including the costs avoided associated with originating the acquired in-place lease, including but not limited to, leasing commissions, tenant improvement costs and legal costs. We also consider the value associated with lost revenue related to tenant reimbursable operating costs and rental income estimated to be incurred during the assumed re-leasing period. The value of the acquired in-place lease is amortized over the life of the related lease for each property as a component of amortization expense. We also consider whether any customer relationship value exists related to the property acquisition. As of December 31, 2011, we had not allocated any amounts to customer relationships. 
 
 The valuation and possible subsequent impairment in the value of our investment properties is a significant estimate that can and does change based on management&#146;s continuous process of analyzing each property. 
 
 Impairment of investment properties and unconsolidated joint ventures. We assess the carrying values of our investment properties, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these investment properties may not be fully recoverable. Recoverability of the investment properties is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of the investment property to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows. In order to review our investment properties for recoverability, we consider current market conditions, as well as our intent with respect to holding or disposing of the asset. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques; including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values and third party appraisals, where considered necessary. If our analysis indicates that the carrying value of the investment property is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, we recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the current estimated fair value of the real estate property. 
 
 44 

 Table of Contents 
 
 We estimate the future undiscounted cash flows based on management&#146;s intent as follows: (i) for real estate properties that we intend to hold long-term, including land held for development, properties currently under development and operating buildings, recoverability is assessed based on the estimated future net rental income from operating the property; (ii) for real estate properties that we intend to sell, including land parcels, properties currently under development and operating buildings, recoverability is assessed based on estimated proceeds from disposition that are estimated based on future net rental income of the property and expected market capitalization rates; and (iii) for costs incurred related to the potential acquisition or development of a real estate property, recoverability is assessed based on the probability that the acquisition or development is likely to occur as of the measurement date. 
 
 The use of projected future cash flows is based on management&#146;s assumptions of future operations and is consistent with the strategic plan we use to manage our underlying business. However assumptions about and estimates of future cash flows, discount rates and capitalization rates are complex and subjective. Changes in economic and operating conditions and our ultimate investment intent that occur subsequent to our impairment analyses could impact these assumptions and result in future impairment charges of our real estate properties. 
 
 We also review our investments in unconsolidated entities. When circumstances indicate there may have been a loss in value of an equity method investment, we evaluate the investment for impairment by estimating our ability to recover our investment from future expected cash flows. If we determine the loss in value is other than temporary, we will recognize an impairment charge to reflect the investment at fair value. The use of projected future cash flows and other estimates of fair value, the determination of when a loss is other than temporary and the calculation of the amount of the loss are complex and subjective processes. Use of other estimates and assumptions may result in different conclusions. Changes in economic and operating conditions that occur subsequent to our review could impact these assumptions and result in future impairment charges of our equity investments. 
 
 Consolidation/Equity Accounting Policies. We consolidate the operations of a joint venture if we determine that we are the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity (&#147;VIE&#148;). The primary beneficiary is the party that has a controlling financial interest in the VIE, which is defined as having both of the following characteristics: 1) the power to direct the activities that, when taken together, most significantly impact the VIE&#146;s performance, and 2) the obligation to absorb losses and right to receive the returns from the VIE that would be significant to the VIE. There are significant judgments and estimates involved in determining the primary beneficiary of a VIE or the determination of who has control and influence of the entity. When we consolidate a VIE, the assets, liabilities and results of operations of the VIE are included in our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In instances where we are not the primary beneficiary of a VIE we use the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method, the operations of a joint venture are not consolidated with our operations. Instead our share of operations is reflected as equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures on our consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. Additionally, our net investment in the joint venture is reflected as investment in and advances to joint venture as an asset on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Investment in Securities. We classify our investment in securities in one of three categories: trading, available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. Held-to-maturity securities are those securities in which we have the ability and intent to hold the security until maturity. All securities not included in trading or held-to-maturity are classified as available-for-sale. Investment in securities at December 31, 2011 and 2010 consist of perpetual preferred securities and common securities classified as available-for-sale securities, which are recorded at fair value and preferred securities not classified as available-for-sale securities and therefore, recorded at cost. We determined that these securities should be held at cost because the fair value is not readily determinable and there is no active market for these securities. Unrealized holding gains and losses on securities are excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of securities are determined on a specific identification basis. 
 
 A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other than temporary, results in a reduction in the carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged to earnings and a new cost basis for the security is established. 
 
 45 

 Table of Contents 
 
 For an impaired security we consider whether we have the ability and intent to hold the investment for a time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value and consider whether the evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment, the severity and duration of the impairment, changes in value subsequent to year end and forecasted performance of the investee. In addition, under the debt security model, an evaluation as to the underlying credit of the issuer is made. However, without recovery in the near term such that liquidity returns to the markets and spreads return to levels that reflect underlying credit characteristics, additional other than temporary losses may occur in future periods. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 This section describes our balance sheet and discusses our liquidity and capital commitments. Our most liquid asset is cash and cash equivalents which consists of cash and short-term investments. Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2011 and 2010 were $7,751 and $13,566, respectively. The higher cash balance at December 31, 2010 reflects higher prepaid rents and sales activity in our joint venture with IPCC at year-end, the proceeds of which were subsequently used to pay down the balance on our unsecured line of credit facility. See our discussion of the statements of cash flows for a description of our cash activity during the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009. 
 
 We consider all demand deposits, money market accounts and investments in certificates of deposit and repurchase agreements purchased with a maturity of three months or less, at the date of purchase, to be cash equivalents. We maintain our cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions. The combined account balances at one or more institutions could periodically exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) insurance coverage and, as a result, there is a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposits in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. However, we do not believe the risk is significant based on our review of the rating of the institutions where our cash is deposited. In 2008, FDIC insurance coverage was increased to $250,000 per depositor at each insured bank. This increase will be in place until December 31, 2013, at which time it is expected to return to $100,000 per depositor, unless coverage is further extended. All funds in a non-interest-bearing transaction account are insured in full by the FDIC from December 31, 2010, through December 31, 2012. This temporary unlimited coverage is in addition to, and separate from, the coverage of at least $250,000 available to depositors under the FDIC&#146;s general deposit insurance rules. 
 
 Income generated from our investment properties is the primary source from which we generate cash. Other sources of cash include amounts raised from the sale of securities, including shares of our common stock sold under our DRP and ongoing ATM issuance program, draws on our unsecured line of credit facility, which may be limited due to covenant compliance requirements, proceeds from financings secured by our investment properties, earnings we retain that are not distributed to our stockholders and fee income received from our unconsolidated joint venture properties. As of December 31, 2011, we were in compliance with all financial covenants applicable to us. We had up to $70,000 available under our $150,000 line of credit facility and an additional $100,000 available under an accordion feature. The access to the accordion feature requires approval of the lending group. If approved, the terms for the funds borrowed under the accordion feature would be current market terms and not the terms of the other borrowings under the line of credit facility. The lending group is not obligated to approve access to the additional funds. We use our cash primarily to pay distributions to our stockholders, for operating expenses at our investment properties, for interest expense on our debt obligations, for purchasing additional investment properties, to meet joint venture commitments, to repay draws on the line of credit facility and for retiring mortgages payable. 
 
 46 

 Table of Contents 
 
 In November 2009, we entered into a three-year Sales Agency Agreement with BMO Capital Markets Corp. (&#147;BMO&#148;) to offer and sell up to $100 million of our common stock from time to time through BMO, acting as sales agent. Offers and sales of shares of our common stock may be made in privately negotiated transactions (if we and BMO have so agreed in writing) or by any other method deemed to be an &#147;at the market&#148; offering as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act, including sales made directly on the New York Stock Exchange or to or through a market maker. As of December 31, 2011, we have issued an aggregate of approximately 3,816 shares of our common stock pursuant to the ATM issuance program, since inception. We received net proceeds of approximately $31,691 from the issuance of these shares, comprised of approximately $32,504 in gross proceeds, offset by approximately $813 in commissions and fees. We may use the proceeds for general corporate purposes, which may include repayment of mortgage indebtedness secured by our properties, acquiring real property through wholly-owned subsidiaries or through our investment in one or more joint venture entities or repaying amounts outstanding on our unsecured line of credit facility, among other things. As of December 31, 2011, shares representing approximately $67,496 remain available for sale under this issuance program, which expires in November 2012. 
 
 In October 2011, we issued two million shares of 8.125% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (Series A Preferred Stock) at a public offering price of $25.00 per share, for net proceeds of approximately $48.4 million, after deducting the underwriting discount but before expenses. The proceeds were initially used to pay down debt to capture interest expense savings. A portion of the proceeds were then used to acquire Bradley Commons, an investment property acquired in November 2011. The remaining proceeds are expected to be used to acquire additional investment properties during the first quarter of 2012. 
 
 In November 2011, we entered into a new $50,000, seven-year unsecured term loan with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. The proceeds from this new term loan, along with cash on hand and a draw on our line of credit facility, were used to repurchase the remaining $80,785 in principal amount outstanding of our convertible notes issued in 2006. 
 
 As a means of conserving capital in recent years, we deferred making certain capital expenditures, such as those for roof and parking lot replacements. Additionally, as a result of the significant leasing activity we experienced during the last half of 2010 and during 2011, we made significant expenditures related to tenant improvements and leasing commissions throughout 2011. The costs of these capital improvements, tenant improvements and leasing commissions were approximately $15,000 higher than the amount incurred during 2010. We funded these improvements using cash from operations and draws on our unsecured line of credit facility. During the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2011, we incurred $6,416 and $30,364, respectively, in costs for tenant improvements, as compared to $5,024 and $16,300, for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2010, respectively. Also during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2011, we incurred $828 and $4,409, respectively, in costs for leasing commissions, as compared to $921 and $3,395, for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2010, respectively. We do not expect this trend to carry forward into future years. Although we expect to fund these types of projects in the future, we expect the amount of spending on these items will return to levels comparable to years prior to 2011. 
 
 We invest in marketable securities of other entities, including REITs. These investments in available-for-sale securities totaled $12,075 at December 31, 2011, consisting of preferred and common stock investments. At December 31, 2011, we had recorded an accumulated net unrealized gain of $997 on these investment securities. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are specifically identified and determined. During the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, we realized gains on sale of $1,264, $2,352 and $1,436, respectively. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2009, we realized a non-cash impairment loss of $2,660, related to a decline in value of certain investment securities which were determined to be other than temporary. No such losses were required or recorded in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. 
 
 As of December 31, 2011, we owned interests in 146 investment properties, including 38 properties owned through our unconsolidated joint ventures, but not including our development joint venture properties. In the aggregate, our investment properties are currently generating sufficient cash flow to pay our operating expenses, monthly debt service requirements and current distributions. Monthly debt service requirements are primarily interest although certain of our secured mortgages require monthly principal amortization. 
 
 47 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Reference is made to Note 12, &#147;Secured and Unsecured Debt&#148; to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our total debt outstanding as of December 31, 2011, which is incorporated into this Item 7. &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.&#148; 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009: 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 $ 
 
 63,274 

 59,523 

 71,051 

 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

 $ 
 
 (101,851 
 
 ) 
 
 (28,735 
 
 ) 
 
 6,092 

 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

 $ 
 
 32,762 

 (23,941 
 
 ) 
 
 (75,604 
 
 ) 
 
 2011 Compared to 2010 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was $63,274 for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to $59,523 for the year ended December 31, 2010. The increase in cash provided by operating activities is due primarily to a reduction in accounts receivable, as well as property operations. See our discussion of results of operations for an explanation related to property operations. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was $101,851 for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to $28,735 for the year ended December 31, 2010. The primary reason for the increase in cash used in investing activities was the use of $125,604 to purchase investment properties and $40,775 in additions to investment properties during the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to the use of $102,478 to purchase investment properties and $23,470 in additions to investment properties during the year ended December 31, 2010. Additionally, we received proceeds of $10,796 from the sale of investment properties and $499 from the change in control of investment properties during the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to receiving proceeds of $46,868 from the sale of investment properties and $11,886 from the change in control of investment properties during the year ended December 31, 2010. Partially offsetting the increase in cash used in investing activities was the receipt of $62,929 from the sale of property ownership interests in connection with our joint venture with IPCC during the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to the receipt of $35,461 from the sale of property ownership interests during the year ended December 31, 2010. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was $32,762 for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to cash used in financing activities of $23,941 during the year ended December 31, 2010. The primary reason for the increase in cash provided by financing activities was the receipt of $85,000 in proceeds from our unsecured credit facilities during the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to $10,000 during the year ended December 31, 2010. Additionally, the issuance of shares, net of offering costs of $55,415 during the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to $23,899 during the year ended December 31, 2010. Further, during the year ended December 31, 2011, we received $26,881 in net loan proceeds as compared to $7,683 during the year ended December 31, 2010. Partially offsetting the increase in cash provided by financing activities was the use of $82,648 to repurchase certain convertible notes during the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to $15,483 during the year ended December 31, 2010. 
 
 2010 Compared to 2009 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was $59,523 for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to $71,051 for the year ended December 31, 2009. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities is due primarily to decreased cash from property operations. See our discussion of results of operations for an explanation of the decreases related to property operations. Additionally, the decrease is due to the contribution of properties to our joint venture with PGGM and properties sold during the year ended December 31, 2010. 
 
 48 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was $28,735 for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to net cash provided by investing activities of $6,092 for the year ended December 31, 2009. The primary reason for the increase in cash used in investing activities was the use of $102,478 to purchase investment properties and $23,470 in additions to investment properties during the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to no investment property acquisitions and $16,785 in additions to investment properties during the year ended December 31, 2009. Partially offsetting this increase in cash used in investing activities is proceeds of $46,868 from the sale of investment properties during the year ended December 31, 2010, compared to proceeds of $7,712 during the year ended December 31, 2009. Additionally, we received proceeds of $11,886 from the change in control transaction related to Algonquin Commons and invested $23,620 less in unconsolidated joint ventures during the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was $23,941 for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to $75,604 for the year ended December 31, 2009. The primary reason for the decrease in cash used in financing activities was the receipt of $7,683 in net loan proceeds and $10,000 in proceeds from the term loan during the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to using net cash of $90,589 to repay certain mortgages and $7,000 to repay draws on our unsecured credit facility during the year ended December 31, 2009. Additionally, we used $15,483 to repurchase certain of our convertible notes during the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to $31,040 during the year ended December 31, 2009. Further, during the year ended December 31, 2010, we paid $48,885 in distributions, partially offset by proceeds from the DRP of $2,607, as compared to distribution payments of $55,288 during the year ended December 31, 2009, partially offset by proceeds from the DRP of $6,328. The decrease in distributions paid and DRP proceeds is a result of a decrease in the per share amount paid in distributions and fewer participants in our DRP program. Partially offsetting this decrease in cash used in financing activities was the issuance of shares, net of offering costs of $23,899 during the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to $106,733 during the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 The table below presents our obligations and commitments to make future payments under debt obligations and lease agreements as of the year ended December 31, 2011: 

 Payments due by period 

 Contractual Obligations 

 Total 

 Less than 1 year 

 1-3 years 

 3-5 years 

 More than 5 years 

 Long-Term Debt 

 $ 
 
 391,202 

 69,635 

 180,058 

 47,406 

 94,103 

 Line of Credit Facility 

 80,000 

 &#151; 

 80,000 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Convertible Notes (a) 

 29,215 

 &#151; 

 29,215 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Term Loan 

 200,000 

 &#151; 

 150,000 

 &#151; 

 50,000 

 Office Lease 

 1,537 

 419 

 1,118 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Interest Expense (b)(c) 

 124,162 

 29,708 

 57,780 

 19,834 

 16,840 

 (a) Our convertible notes issued during 2010 mature in 2029. They are included in 2014 because that is the earliest date these notes can be redeemed or the note holder can require us to repurchase their note. 
 (b) Interest expense on the convertible notes was calculated through the first date at which we are able to call the note 
 (c) Interest expense on the line of credit facility was calculated with the outstanding balance as of December 31, 2011. 
 
 49 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 This section describes and compares our results of operations for the three years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009. At December 31, 2011, we had ownership interests in 29 single-user retail properties, 61 Neighborhood Centers, 23 Community Centers, 32 Power Centers and 1 Lifestyle Center. We generate almost all of our net operating income from property operations. In order to evaluate our overall portfolio, management analyzes the net operating income of properties that we have owned and operated for the same twelve month periods during each year, referred to herein as &#147;same store&#148; properties. Property net operating income is a non-GAAP measure that allows management to monitor the operations of our existing properties for comparable periods to measure the performance of our current portfolio and determine the effects of our new acquisitions on net income. Net operating income is also meaningful as an indicator of the effectiveness of our management of properties because net operating income excludes certain items that are not reflective of management, such as depreciation and interest expense. 
 
 A total of 104 of our investment properties were &#147;same store&#148; properties during the periods presented. These properties comprise approximately 8.7 million square feet. In the table below, &#147;other investment properties&#148; includes activity from properties acquired during the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, two properties in which we took over ownership control from our joint venture partner, properties contributed to our joint ventures and activity from properties owned through our joint venture with IPCC while they were consolidated. Operations from properties acquired through this joint venture are recorded as consolidated income until those properties become unconsolidated with the first sale of ownership interests to investors. Once the operations are unconsolidated, the income is included in equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. The &#147;same store&#148; investment properties represent 90% of the square footage of our consolidated portfolio at December 31, 2011. The following table presents the net operating income, broken out between &#147;same store&#148; and &#147;other investment properties,&#148; prior to straight-line rental income, amortization of lease intangibles, interest, depreciation, amortization and bad debt expense for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 along with reconciliation to net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders, calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 50 

 Table of Contents 

 Year ended December 31, 2011 

 Year ended December 31, 2010 

 Year ended December 31, 
 2009 

 Rental income and tenant recoveries: 

 &#147;Same store&#148; investment properties, 104 properties 

 Rental income 

 $ 
 
 98,132 

 97,268 

 102,248 

 Tenant recovery income 

 33,393 

 35,315 

 35,822 

 Other property income 

 2,324 

 1,788 

 4,304 

 &#147;Other investment properties&#148; 

 Rental income 

 18,981 

 18,102 

 15,009 

 Tenant recovery income 

 6,196 

 7,455 

 5,972 

 Other property income 

 186 

 241 

 136 

 Total rental and additional rental income 

 $ 
 
 159,212 

 160,169 

 163,491 

 Property operating expenses: 

 &#147;Same store&#148; investment properties, 104 properties 

 Property operating expenses 

 $ 
 
 19,754 

 21,086 

 20,396 

 Real estate tax expense 

 23,258 

 26,082 

 26,546 

 &#147;Other investment properties&#148; 

 Property operating expenses 

 4,149 

 3,769 

 3,036 

 Real estate tax expense 

 5,272 

 6,390 

 3,866 

 Total property operating expenses 

 $ 
 
 52,433 

 57,327 

 53,844 

 Property net operating income 

 &#147;Same store&#148; investment properties 

 $ 
 
 90,837 

 87,203 

 95,432 

 &#147;Other investment properties&#148; 

 15,942 

 15,639 

 14,215 

 Total property net operating income 

 $ 
 
 106,779 

 102,842 

 109,647 

 Other income: 

 Straight-line rents 

 1,631 

 1,522 

 (761 
 
 ) 

 Amortization of lease intangibles 

 356 

 (96 
 
 ) 
 
 54 

 Other income 

 2,438 

 4,563 

 2,813 

 Fee income from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 6,027 

 3,578 

 3,330 

 Gain on sale of investment properties 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 341 

 Gain (loss) from change in control of investment property 

 (1,400 
 
 ) 
 
 5,018 

 &#151; 

 Gain on sale of joint venture interest 

 1,366 

 4,555 

 2,766 

 Gain on extinguishment of debt 

 &#151; 

 1,481 

 8,977 

 Other expenses: 

 Income tax benefit (expense) of taxable REIT subsidiaries 

 632 

 (719 
 
 ) 
 
 513 

 Bad debt expense 

 (4,012 
 
 ) 
 
 (6,287 
 
 ) 
 
 (5,511 
 
 ) 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 (50,303 
 
 ) 
 
 (44,188 
 
 ) 
 
 (45,072 
 
 ) 

 General and administrative expenses 

 (14,656 
 
 ) 
 
 (13,735 
 
 ) 
 
 (12,639 
 
 ) 

 Interest expense 

 (41,668 
 
 ) 
 
 (36,293 
 
 ) 
 
 (34,155 
 
 ) 

 Impairment of investment securities 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (2,660 
 
 ) 

 Provision for asset impairment 

 (8,064 
 
 ) 
 
 (18,190 
 
 ) 
 
 (4,696 
 
 ) 

 Equity in loss of unconsolidated ventures 

 (8,124 
 
 ) 
 
 (4,365 
 
 ) 
 
 (16,494 
 
 ) 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations 

 (8,998 
 
 ) 
 
 (314 
 
 ) 
 
 6,453 

 Income from discontinued operations 

 1,944 

 1,838 

 3,173 

 Net income (loss) 

 (7,054 
 
 ) 
 
 1,524 

 9,626 

 Less: Net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest 

 (130 
 
 ) 
 
 (306 
 
 ) 
 
 (417 
 
 ) 

 Net income (loss) attributable to Inland Real Estate Corporation 

 (7,184 
 
 ) 
 
 1,218 

 9,209 

 Dividends on preferred shares 

 (948 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 
 
 (8,132 
 
 ) 
 
 1,218 

 9,209 

 51 

 Table of Contents 
 
 On a &#147;same store&#148; basis (comparing the results of operations of the investment properties owned during the year ended December 31, 2011, with the results of the same investment properties owned during the year ended December 31, 2010), property net operating income increased $3,634 with total rental and additional rental income decreasing by $522 and total property operating expenses decreasing $4,156. In comparing the results of operations from the &#147;same store&#148; properties during the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, property net operating income decreased $8,229 with total rental and additional rental income decreasing $8,003 and total property operating expenses increasing $226. 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders decreased $9,350 when comparing the year ended December 31, 2011 to the year ended December 31, 2010 and decreased $7,991 when comparing the year ended December 31, 2010 to the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 
 Rental income increased $864 on a &#147;same store&#148; basis, for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2010, primarily due to the effect of income from new leases previously signed and the end of any associated rent abatement periods. Total rental income increased $1,743 for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2010, reflecting an increase in rental income from our &#147;other investment properties&#148; during the year. The increase is a result of investment properties acquired during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, including the change in control transactions related to Algonquin Commons and Orchard Crossing, and properties owned through our joint venture with IPCC, while they are consolidated. 
 
 Rental income decreased $4,980, on a &#147;same store&#148; basis, for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009 primarily due to early termination of certain leases, tenant defaults and bankruptcies, expiring leases that were not renewed and rent relief granted in 2009, the full impact of which occurred in 2010. Total rental income decreased $1,887 reflecting a decrease in rental income from our &#147;other investment properties.&#148; This increase is a result of investment properties acquired during the year ended December 31, 2010 and on properties owned through our joint venture with IPCC, while they were consolidated. 
 
 Tenant recovery income decreased $1,922 on a &#147;same store&#148; basis, for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2010, primarily due to decreased property operating and real estate tax expenses. 
 
 Tenant recovery income decreased $507 on a &#147;same store&#148; basis, for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009, primarily due to the same factors causing the decrease in rental income. Total tenant recovery income increased $976, for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009, reflecting an increase in tenant recovery income on our &#147;other investment properties.&#148; 
 
 Other property income increased $536 on a &#147;same store&#148; basis for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2010 and decreased $2,516 for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009. This change from year to year is due in most part to the level of lease termination fees recorded in each year. 
 
 Property operating expenses decreased $1,332 on a &#147;same store&#148; basis and $952 in total, for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2010, respectively, primarily due to decreased snow removal costs and our ongoing cost reduction efforts during the year ended December 31, 2011. 
 
 Property operating expenses increased $690 on a &#147;same store&#148; basis, for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009, due primarily to increased snow removal costs and routine maintenance. Total property operating expenses increased $1,423, reflecting an increase in common area maintenance expenses incurred on our &#147;other investment properties.&#148; This increase is a result of investment properties acquired during the year ended December 31, 2010 and on properties owned through our joint venture with IPCC, while they were consolidated. 
 
 Real estate tax expense decreased $2,824 on a &#147;same store&#148; basis and $3,942 in total, for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2010. The decrease in real estate tax expense during each period can be attributed to changes in assessed values of our investment properties by the various taxing authorities. 
 
 52 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Real estate tax expense decreased $464 on a &#147;same store&#148; basis and increased $2,060 in total, for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009, respectively. The change in real estate tax expense is a result of the assessed values of our investment properties by the various taxing authorities. 
 
 Other income decreased $2,125 for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2010, primarily due to decreased gains on the sale of investment securities. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2010, we were granted possession of a vacant building at our Orland Park Place Outlots investment property. Previously, we had a ground lease with a restaurant operator. Upon default by the tenant, we added this building to our portfolio, according to the lease terms, resulting in income of $890. 
 
 Other income increased $1,750 for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009, primarily due to gains on sale of certain investment securities and the $890 of income from the vacant building assumption at Orland Park Place Outlots. The increases were offset by a decrease in dividend income received on our investment in securities portfolio. 
 
 Fee income from unconsolidated joint ventures increased $2,449 for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2010. This increase is mostly due to an increase in acquisition fees earned on sales of interests by our IPCC joint venture and increased management fees related to an increased number of properties under management through our unconsolidated joint ventures and the properties that have been fully sold through our IPCC joint venture. 
 
 Fee income from unconsolidated joint ventures increased $248 for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009, due to fees earned through our joint venture with PGGM. Partially offsetting this increase was a decrease in management fees earned from our joint venture with NYSTRS. This decrease in management fee income is due to the change in control of Algonquin Commons which occurred on July 1, 2010. Because Algonquin Commons is now a consolidated property, we no longer earn fees from the joint venture for managing it. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2011, we recorded a loss from change in control of investment properties of $1,400 related to Orchard Crossing, a property previously owned through our joint venture with Pine Tree Institutional Realty, LLC (&#147;Pine Tree&#148;). During the year ended December 31, 2010, we recorded a gain from change in control of investment properties of $5,018 related to Algonquin Commons, a property previously owned through our joint venture with New York State Teachers&#146; Retirement System. Prior to the change in control transactions, each property was unconsolidated and was accounted for under the equity method of accounting. 
 
 Gain on sale of joint venture interest decreased $3,189 for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2010. This is due to decreased gains on sale in connection with the length of time the properties sold during the year ended December 31, 2010 were held in our joint venture with IPCC. 
 
 Gain on sale of joint venture interest increased $1,789 for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009 due to increased gains on sale in connection with sales of interest in properties through our joint venture with IPCC. 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt decreased $7,496 for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009. This decrease is due to lower gains recorded for the purchase of certain of our convertible notes at a discount to the contract amount and discounts received for the early payoff of certain of our mortgages payable during the year ended December 31, 2009. No such gains were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2011. 
 
 Bad debt expense decreased $2,275 for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2010. The decrease in bad debt expense is due to fewer tenant bankruptcies and tenant failures. 
 
 Bad debt expense increased $776 for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009. The increase in bad debt expense is due to increased tenant bankruptcies and the economic challenges facing our tenants. 
 
 53 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Depreciation and amortization increased $6,115 for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2010, due to depreciation recorded on Algonquin Commons and Orchard Crossing after the change in control transactions, additional properties owned through our joint venture with IPCC, while they were consolidated, depreciation on new tenant improvement assets for work related to new leases and the write off of tenant improvement assets, as a result of early lease terminations. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased $884 for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009, due in most part to the write off of tenant improvement assets, as a result of early lease terminations, tenant failures and increased vacancies during the year ended December 31, 2009. The decrease in depreciation and amortization is partially offset by depreciation recorded on Algonquin Commons after the change in control transaction. 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased $921 for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2010. The increase is due primarily to an increase in payroll and related items as a result of additional staff. 
 
 General and administrative costs increased $1,096 for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009. This increase is due to increased payroll and related items as a result of additional staff, increased acquisition costs related to properties acquired during 2010 as well as costs incurred for properties we did not acquire and increased professional fees. 
 
 Interest expense increased $5,375 for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2010. The increase in interest expense is primarily due to an increase in interest expense of $5,651 on our mortgages payable, which includes Algonquin Commons for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to only six months of expense during the year ended December 31, 2010 and additional interest on mortgages payable of the properties owned through our joint venture with IPCC, while they were consolidated. Additionally, the amortization of loan costs increased related to the fees in connection with the refinance of the unsecured credit facilities in June 2010, as well as the fees for the amendments completed during the year ended December 31, 2011. Partially offsetting this increase in interest expense is a decrease in interest on our convertible notes as a result of the repurchases during 2011 and 2010 and decreased interest expense on our unsecured line of credit due to lower interest rates charged on the outstanding balance. 
 
 Interest expense increased $2,138 for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009. This increase is due primarily to increased interest rates charged on our unsecured credit facilities as a result of refinancing them earlier in 2010. Interest on our unsecured facilities increased approximately $3,474. This increase is partially offset by a decrease in interest on our mortgages payable, due to lower balances maintained during the year. Our mortgage payable balance as of December 31, 2010 was higher than the balance as of December 31, 2009, due to mortgage loans closed during the fourth quarter of 2010. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2011, we recorded a provision for asset impairment of $2,841 related to two consolidated properties that we anticipate selling at prices below their current carrying amount and $5,223 to record our investment in three development joint ventures at fair value. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2010, we recorded a provision for asset impairment of $18,190, related to five development joint venture projects, to reflect the investments at fair value. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2009, we recorded a provision for asset impairment of $4,696. Of this amount, $2,872 related to basis differences recorded for interest costs incurred for certain development projects and $1,824 related to one consolidated investment property and a portion of another. Both properties were sold at prices below our current carrying value and required adjustments. Reference is made to our discussion under the caption &#147;Critical Account Policies&#148; in this Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of our impairment policies. 
 
 54 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures decreased $3,759 for year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2010, respectively. The increase in losses for the year ended December 31, 2011 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2010 was due to impairment losses recorded related to development joint venture properties. The total impairment loss recorded during the year ended December 31, 2011 was $17,387 at the joint venture level. Our pro rata share of this loss, equal to $7,824, is included in this line item on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. During the year ended December 31, 2010, the total impairment loss recorded was $5,550 at the joint venture level. Our pro rata share of this loss, equal to $2,498, is included in this line item on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 Equity in loss of unconsolidated joint ventures increased $12,129 for the year ended December 31, 2010, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009, primarily due to impairment charges recorded during the year ended December 31, 2009 related to our development joint venture properties. The total impairment loss recorded during the year ended December 31, 2009 was $31,919 at the joint venture level. Our pro rata share of this loss, equal to $14,753, is included in this item on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 Significant Tenants (a) (b) 
 
 The following table presents the significant retail tenants in our total portfolio, based on percentage of annual base rent, along with their respective percentage of total square footage, annual base rent, and approximate receivable balance as of December 31, 2011: 

 Tenant Name 

 Annual Base Rent (c) 

 Percentage of Annual Base Rent 

 Percentage of Total Square Footage 

 Receivable Balance at December 31, 2011 

 Supervalu, Inc. (d) 

 $ 
 
 12,534 

 7.46 
 
 % 
 
 8.34 
 
 % 
 
 (4 
 
 ) 

 Roundy&#146;s (e) 

 7,065 

 4.21 
 
 % 
 
 4.23 
 
 % 
 
 21 

 Dominick&#146;s Finer Foods 

 6,345 

 3.78 
 
 % 
 
 3.71 
 
 % 
 
 63 

 TJX Companies, Inc. (f) 

 5,227 

 3.11 
 
 % 
 
 3.61 
 
 % 
 
 (27 
 
 ) 

 Carmax 

 4,021 

 2.39 
 
 % 
 
 1.32 
 
 % 
 
 335 

 Best Buy 

 3,995 

 2.38 
 
 % 
 
 1.61 
 
 % 
 
 46 

 PetSmart 

 3,141 

 1.87 
 
 % 
 
 1.71 
 
 % 
 
 235 

 Walgreen&#146;s 

 3,088 

 1.84 
 
 % 
 
 1.01 
 
 % 
 
 79 

 Kroger (g) 

 2,990 

 1.78 
 
 % 
 
 2.21 
 
 % 
 
 119 

 Bed Bath & Beyond (h) 

 2,621 

 1.56 
 
 % 
 
 1.95 
 
 % 
 
 (34 
 
 ) 

 Michael&#146;s 

 2,601 

 1.55 
 
 % 
 
 1.44 
 
 % 
 
 62 

 Retail Ventures, Inc. (DSW Warehouse) 

 2,361 

 1.41 
 
 % 
 
 0.84 
 
 % 
 
 (41 
 
 ) 

 Dick&#146;s Sporting Goods 

 2,065 

 1.23 
 
 % 
 
 1.51 
 
 % 
 
 3 

 The Gap (i) 

 1,893 

 1.13 
 
 % 
 
 1.05 
 
 % 
 
 18 

 The Sports Authority 

 1,851 

 1.10 
 
 % 
 
 0.95 
 
 % 
 
 30 

 OfficeMax 

 1,737 

 1.03 
 
 % 
 
 1.02 
 
 % 
 
 119 

 Party City 

 1,717 

 1.02 
 
 % 
 
 0.83 
 
 % 
 
 (26 
 
 ) 

 Dollar Tree (j) 

 1,692 

 1.01 
 
 % 
 
 1.23 
 
 % 
 
 33 

 Total 

 $ 
 
 66,944 

 39.86 
 
 % 
 
 38.57 
 
 % 
 
 1,031 

 (a) Significant tenants are tenant that represent 1% or more of our annualized base rent. 
 (b) The table above includes properties owned through our unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 (c) Annualized rent shown includes joint venture partner&#146;s pro rata share. 
 (d) Includes Jewel (11) and Cub Foods (8) 
 (e) Includes Roundy&#146;s (5), Pick &#145;N Save (2), Super Pick &#145;N Save (1) and Metro Market (1) 
 (f) Includes TJ Maxx (6), Marshall&#146;s (9), and Home Goods Stores (1) 
 (g) Includes Kroger (1) and Food 4 Less (4) 
 (h) Includes Bed Bath & Beyond (5) and Buy Buy Baby (3) 
 (i) Includes Old Navy (8), The Gap (1) and The Gap Factory Store (1) 
 (j) Includes Dollar Tree (16) and Deal$ (1) 
 
 55 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Captive Insurance 
 
 We are a member of a limited liability company formed as an insurance association captive (the &#147;Captive&#148;), which is owned in equal proportions with three other REITs sponsored by an affiliate of The Inland Group, Inc. (&#147;TIGI), Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Diversified Real Estate Trust, Inc. and us. The Captive is serviced by Inland Risk and Insurance Management, Inc., also an affiliate of TIGI. This entity is considered a variable interest entity (&#147;VIE&#148;) and we are not considered the primary beneficiary. This investment is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 
 
 Joint Ventures 
 
 Consolidated joint ventures are those in which we have a controlling financial interest in the joint venture or are the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity. The primary beneficiary is the party that has a controlling financial interest in the VIE, which is defined as having both of the following characteristics: 1) the power to direct the activities that, when taken together, most significantly impact the VIE&#146;s performance, and 2) the obligation to absorb losses and right to receive the returns from the VIE that would be significant to the VIE. The third parties&#146; interests in these consolidated entities are reflected as noncontrolling interest in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Unconsolidated Real Estate Joint Ventures 
 
 Reference is made to Note 3, &#147;Unconsolidated Joint Ventures&#148; to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our unconsolidated joint ventures as of December 31, 2011, which is incorporated into this Item 7. &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.&#148; 
 
 Development Joint Ventures 
 
 Our development joint ventures with four independent partners were designed to take advantage of what we believe are the unique strengths of each development team, while potentially diversifying our risk. Our development partners identified opportunities, assembled and completed the entitlement process for the land, and gauged national &#147;big box&#148; retailer interest in the location before bringing the project to us for consideration. We contributed financing, leasing, and property management expertise to enhance the productivity of the new developments and are typically entitled to earn a preferred return on our portion of invested capital. 
 
 Within the prevailing economic environment, a number of retailers have delayed new store openings until market conditions substantially improve. In light of this marketplace reality, we have extended delivery dates for these projects and we will not have the ability to estimate the project completion dates until activity resumes. As a result of the project delays, we have been required to record significant impairment losses related to these projects during the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009. In conjunction with these impairment losses, we were required to write down our investment in certain projects to zero as we determined that it was not likely we would recover our invested capital from future cash flows of each project. To provide clarity as to the current status of our development projects, we have divided them into two categories; active projects and land held for future development. 
 
 The projects considered active projects are Savannah Crossing in Aurora, Illinois, North Aurora Phase I in North Aurora, Illinois, and Southshore Shopping Center in Boise, Idaho. Construction is essentially complete at Savannah Crossing and Southshore Shopping Center is a redevelopment of an existing building. 
 
 The remaining development properties are categorized as land held for future development. These include North Aurora Phases II and III in North Aurora, Illinois, Shops at Lakemoor in Lakemoor, Illinois, and Lantern Commons in Westfield, Indiana. 
 
 We will deploy capital for construction or improvements to development properties only when we have signed commitments from retailers and cannot be sure of their exact nature or amounts until that time. 
 
 56 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Fair Value Disclosures 
 
 Reference is made to Note 4, &#147;Fair Value Disclosures&#148; to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our fair value disclosures as of December 31, 2011, which is incorporated into this Item 7. &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.&#148; 
 
 57 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 We consider FFO a widely accepted and appropriate measure of performance for a REIT. FFO provides a supplemental measure to compare our performance and operations to other REITs. Due to certain unique operating characteristics of real estate companies, NAREIT has promulgated a standard known as FFO, which it believes more accurately reflects the operating performance of a REIT such as ours. As defined by NAREIT, FFO means net income computed in accordance with U.S. GAAP, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of operating property, plus depreciation and amortization and after adjustments for unconsolidated entities in which the REIT holds an interest, which NAREIT has further elaborated to exclude impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate or of investments in unconsolidated entities that are driven by measurable decreases in the fair value of depreciable real estate.. We have adopted the NAREIT definition for computing FFO. Management uses the calculation of FFO for several reasons. We use FFO to compare our performance to that of other REITs in our peer group. Additionally, FFO is used in certain employment agreements to determine incentives payable by us to certain executives, based on our performance. The calculation of FFO may vary from entity to entity since capitalization and expense policies tend to vary from entity to entity. Items that are capitalized do not impact FFO whereas items that are expensed reduce FFO. Consequently, our presentation of FFO may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures presented by other REITs. FFO does not represent cash flows from operations as defined by U.S. GAAP, it is not indicative of cash available to fund all cash flow needs and liquidity, including our ability to pay distributions and should not be considered as an alternative to net income, as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, for purposes of evaluating our operating performance. The following table reflects our FFO for the periods presented, reconciled to net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders for these periods: 

 For the year ended December 31, 2011 

 For the year ended December 31, 2010 

 For the year ended December 31, 2009 

 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 
 
 (8,132 
 
 ) 
 
 1,218 

 9,209 

 Gain on sale of investment properties 

 (1,510 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,490 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,350 
 
 ) 

 Gain (loss) from change in control of investment properties 

 1,400 

 (5,018 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Impairment of depreciable operating property 

 2,841 

 &#151; 

 1,824 

 Equity in depreciation and amortization of unconsolidated joint ventures 

 14,653 

 13,642 

 16,210 

 Amortization on in-place lease intangibles 

 6,540 

 4,478 

 2,798 

 Amortization on leasing commissions 

 1,423 

 1,120 

 1,306 

 Depreciation, net of noncontrolling interest 

 42,415 

 39,123 

 41,996 

 Funds From Operations attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 
 
 59,630 

 53,073 

 70,993 

 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per weighted average common share - basic and diluted 

 $ 
 
 (0.09 
 
 ) 
 
 0.01 

 0.12 

 Funds From Operations attributable to common stockholders, per weighted average commons share - basic and diluted 

 $ 
 
 0.67 

 0.62 

 0.90 

 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic 

 88,530 

 85,951 

 78,441 

 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, diluted 

 88,633 

 86,036 

 78,504 

 Distributions declared, common 

 $ 
 
 50,589 

 49,008 

 53,875 

 Distributions per common share 

 $ 
 
 0.57 

 0.57 

 0.69 

 Items impacting FFO: 

 Gain on extinguishment of debt 

 &#151; 

 (1,481 
 
 ) 
 
 (8,977 
 
 ) 

 Provision for asset impairment 

 5,223 

 18,190 

 4,696 

 Impairment of investment securities 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,660 

 Provision for asset impairment included in equity in loss of unconsolidated joint ventures 

 7,824 

 2,498 

 14,753 

 Tax (benefit) expense related to current impairment charges, net of valuation allowance 

 (1,368 
 
 ) 
 
 147 

 (1,638 
 
 ) 

 Other non-cash adjustments 

 940 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 58 

 Table of Contents 
 
 EBITDA is defined as earnings (losses) from operations excluding: (1) interest expense; (2) income tax benefit or expenses; (3) depreciation and amortization expense; and (4) gains (loss) on non-operating property. We believe EBITDA is useful to us and to an investor as a supplemental measure in evaluating our financial performance because it excludes expenses that we believe may not be indicative of our operating performance. By excluding interest expense, EBITDA measures our financial performance regardless of how we finance our operations and capital structure. By excluding depreciation and amortization expense, we believe we can more accurately assess the performance of our portfolio. Because EBITDA is calculated before recurring cash charges such as interest expense and taxes and is not adjusted for capital expenditures or other recurring cash requirements, it does not reflect the amount of capital needed to maintain our properties nor does it reflect trends in interest costs due to changes in interest rates or increases in borrowing. EBITDA should be considered only as a supplement to net earnings and may be calculated differently by other equity REITs. 
 
 We believe EBITDA is an important supplemental non-GAAP measure. We utilize EBITDA to calculate our interest expense coverage ratio, which equals EBITDA divided by total interest expense. We believe that using EBITDA, which excludes the effect of non-operating expenses and non-cash charges, all of which are based on historical cost and may be of limited significance in evaluating current performance, facilitates comparison of core operating profitability between periods and between REITs, particularly in light of the use of EBITDA by a seemingly large number of REITs in their reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-K. We believe that investors should consider EBITDA in conjunction with net income and the other required U.S. GAAP measures of our performance to improve their understanding of our operating results. 

 For the year ended December 31, 2011 

 For the year ended December 31, 2010 

 For the year ended December 31, 2009 

 Net income (loss) 

 $ 
 
 (7,054 
 
 ) 
 
 1,524 

 9,626 

 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

 (130 
 
 ) 
 
 (306 
 
 ) 
 
 (417 
 
 ) 

 Gain on sale of property 

 (1,510 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,536 
 
 ) 
 
 (3,197 
 
 ) 

 (Gain) loss from change in control of investment property 

 1,400 

 (5,018 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Income tax (benefit) expense of taxable REIT subsidiary 

 (632 
 
 ) 
 
 719 

 (513 
 
 ) 

 Interest expense 

 41,668 

 36,293 

 34,155 

 Interest expense associated with discontinued operations 

 &#151; 

 575 

 668 

 Interest expense associated with unconsolidated joint ventures 

 8,865 

 9,774 

 11,477 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 50,303 

 44,188 

 45,072 

 Depreciation and amortization associated with discontinued operations 

 257 

 832 

 1,387 

 Depreciation and amortization associated with unconsolidated joint ventures 

 14,653 

 13,642 

 16,210 

 EBITDA 

 $ 
 
 107,820 

 100,687 

 114,468 

 Total Interest Expense 

 $ 
 
 50,533 

 46,642 

 46,300 

 EBITDA: Interest Expense Coverage Ratio 

 $ 
 
 2.1 x 

 2.2 x 

 2.5 x 

 Items impacting EBITDA 

 Gain on extinguishment of debt 

 &#151; 

 (1,481 
 
 ) 
 
 (8,977 
 
 ) 

 Provision for asset impairment 

 8,064 

 18,190 

 4,696 

 Impairment of investment securities 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,660 

 Provision for asset impairment included in equity in loss of unconsolidated joint ventures 

 7,824 

 2,498 

 14,753 

 Other non-cash adjustments 

 940 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 59 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Impact of Recent Accounting Principles 
 
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued ASU 2011-05 aimed at increasing the prominence of other comprehensive income in financial statements by requiring comprehensive income to be reported in either a single statement or in two consecutive statements reporting net income and other comprehensive income. The ASU eliminates the option to report other comprehensive income and its components in the statement of changes in stockholder&#146;s equity. However, the amendments do not change what items are reported in other comprehensive income or the U.S. GAAP requirement to report reclassification of items from other comprehensive income to net income on the face of the financial statements. The ASU requires retrospective application. The guidance will be required to be implemented by us beginning January 1, 2012. Management does not anticipate that the impact of this pronouncement will have a significant impact on the financial statements as it is aimed at providing additional information and enhancing presentation and disclosure. 
 
 Inflation 
 
 Certain long term leases contain provisions to mitigate the adverse impact of inflation on our operating results. Such provisions include clauses entitling us to receive scheduled base rent increases and base rent increases based upon the consumer price index. In addition, the majority of our leases require tenants to pay operating expenses, including maintenance, real estate taxes, insurance and utilities, thereby reducing our exposure to increases in cost and operating expenses resulting from inflation. 
 
 Subsequent Events 
 
 Reference is made to Note 17, &#147;Subsequent Events&#148; to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our subsequent event disclosures, which is incorporated into this Item 7. &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.&#148; 
 
 60 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We may enter into derivative financial instrument transactions in order to mitigate our interest rate risk on a related financial instrument. We may designate these derivative financial instruments as hedges and apply hedge accounting, as the instrument to be hedged will expose us to interest rate risk, and the derivative financial instrument is designed to reduce that exposure. Gains or losses related to the derivative financial instrument would be deferred and amortized over the terms of the hedged instrument. If a derivative terminates or is sold, the gain or loss is recognized. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2010 we entered into an interest rate swap contract, as a requirement under a $60,000 secured mortgage. 
 
 Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates to the fact that some of our long-term debt consists of variable interest rate loans. These variable rate loans are based on LIBOR, therefore, fluctuations in LIBOR will have an impact on our consolidated financial statements. We seek to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs by closely monitoring our variable rate debt and converting this debt to fixed rates when we deem such conversion advantageous. 
 
 Our interest rate risk is monitored using a variety of techniques, including periodically evaluating fixed interest rate quotes on all variable rate debt and the costs associated with converting the debt to fixed rate debt. Also, existing fixed and variable rate loans which are scheduled to mature in the next year or two are evaluated for possible early refinancing or extension based on our view of the current interest rate environment. 
 
 Reference is made to Note 12, &#147;Secured and Unsecured Debt&#148; to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our total debt outstanding as of December 31, 2011, which is incorporated into this Item 7A. &#147;Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.&#148; 
 
 Our ultimate exposure to interest rate fluctuations depends on the amount of indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates, the time at which the interest rate is adjusted, the amount of the adjustment, our ability to prepay or refinance variable rate indebtedness, fixed rate debt that matures and needs to be refinanced and hedging strategies used to reduce the impact of any increases in rates. 
 
 At December 31, 2011, approximately $334,764, or 48%, of our debt has variable interest rates averaging 3.05%. An increase in the variable interest rates charged on debt containing variable interest rate terms, constitutes a market risk. A 1.0% annualized increase in interest rates would have increased our interest expense by approximately $3,348 for the year ended December 31, 2011. 
 
 Equity Price Risk 
 
 Equity price risk is the risk that we will incur economic losses due to adverse changes in equity prices. Our exposure to changes in equity prices is a result of our investment in securities. At December 31, 2011, our investment in securities, classified as available for sale, totaled $11,075. The carrying values of investments in securities subject to equity price risks are based on quoted market prices as of the date of the consolidated balance sheets. Market prices are subject to fluctuation and, therefore, the amount realized in the subsequent sale of an investment may significantly differ from the reported market value. Fluctuation in the market price of a security may result from any number of factors including perceived changes in the underlying fundamental characteristics of the issuer, the relative price of alternative investments and general market conditions. Additionally, amounts realized in the sale of a particular security may be affected by the relative quantity of the security being sold. We do not engage in derivative or other hedging transactions to manage our equity price risk. 
 
 Other than temporary impairments on our investment in securities were $2,660 for the year ended December 31, 2009. No such impairments were required or recorded for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. We believe that our investments will continue to generate dividend income and, as the stock market recovers, we have begun to recognize gains on sale. 
 
 61 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 (a Maryland corporation) 
 
 Index 

 Page 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 63 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm On Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 
 64 

 Financial Statements: 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 
 
 65 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 67 

 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 68 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 69 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 71 

 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Schedule III) 
 
 105 
 
 Schedules not filed: 
 
 All schedules other than those indicated in the index have been omitted as the required information is not applicable or the information is presented in the financial statements or related notes. 
 
 62 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Inland Real Estate Corporation: 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Inland Real Estate Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, and the related consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2011. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the financial statement schedule as listed in the accompanying index. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Inland Real Estate Corporation as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2011, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2011, based on criteria established in Internal Control &#151; Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated February 28, 2012 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois February 27, 2012 
 
 63 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Inland Real Estate Corporation: 
 
 We have audited Inland Real Estate Corporation&#146;s (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2011, based on criteria established in Internal Control &#151; Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company&#146;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company&#146;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2011, based on criteria established in Internal Control &#151; Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, and the related consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2011, and our report dated February 28, 2012 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois February 27, 2012 
 
 64 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2011 and 2010 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 Assets: 

 Investment properties: 

 Land 

 $ 
 
 314,384 

 345,637 

 Construction in progress 

 1,669 

 142 

 Building and improvements 

 950,421 

 999,723 

 1,266,474 

 1,345,502 

 Less accumulated depreciation 

 323,839 

 326,546 

 Net investment properties 

 942,635 

 1,018,956 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 7,751 

 13,566 

 Investment in securities 

 12,075 

 10,053 

 Accounts receivable, net 

 30,097 

 37,755 

 Investment in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures 

 101,670 

 103,616 

 Acquired lease intangibles, net 

 31,948 

 38,721 

 Deferred costs, net 

 18,760 

 17,041 

 Other assets 

 14,970 

 15,133 

 Total assets 

 $ 
 
 1,159,906 

 1,254,841 

 Liabilities: 

 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

 $ 
 
 33,165 

 34,768 

 Acquired below market lease intangibles, net 

 11,147 

 10,492 

 Distributions payable 

 4,397 

 4,139 

 Mortgages payable 

 391,202 

 483,186 

 Unsecured credit facilities 

 280,000 

 195,000 

 Convertible notes 

 27,863 

 107,360 

 Other liabilities 

 21,719 

 18,898 

 Total liabilities 

 769,493 

 853,843 

 Stockholders&#146; Equity: 

 Preferred stock, $0.01 par value, 6,000 Shares authorized; 2,000 Series A shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2011 and none issued and outstanding at December 31, 2010 

 50,000 

 &#151; 

 Common stock, $0.01 par value, 500,000 Shares authorized; 88,992 and 87,838 Shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively 

 890 

 878 

 Additional paid-in capital (net of offering costs of $67,753 and $65,322 at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively) 

 783,211 

 775,348 

 Accumulated distributions in excess of net income 

 (435,201 
 
 ) 
 
 (376,480 
 
 ) 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

 (7,400 
 
 ) 
 
 1,148 

 Total stockholders&#146; equity 

 391,500 

 400,894 

 Noncontrolling interest 

 (1,087 
 
 ) 
 
 104 

 Total equity 

 390,413 

 400,998 

 Total liabilities and equity 

 $ 
 
 1,159,906 

 1,254,841 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 65 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2011 and 2010 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 
 The following table presents certain assets and liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities (&#147;VIEs&#148;), which are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2010. There were no consolidated VIE assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2011. The assets in the table below include only those assets that can be used to settle obligations of consolidated VIEs. The liabilities in the table below include third-party liabilities of consolidated VIEs only, and exclude intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation. Reference is made to footnote 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to the deconsolidation of the VIE assets and liabilities. 

 December 31, 2010 

 Assets of consolidated VIEs that can only be used to settle obligations of consolidated VIEs: 

 Investment properties: 

 Land 

 $ 
 
 7,292 

 Building and improvements 

 22,283 

 29,575 

 Less accumulated depreciation 

 237 

 Net investment properties 

 29,338 

 Acquired lease intangibles, net 

 5,450 

 Other assets 

 403 

 Total assets of consolidated VIEs that can only be used to settle obligations of consolidated VIEs 

 $ 
 
 35,191 

 Liabilities of consolidated VIE&#146;s for which creditors or beneficial interest holders do not have recourse to the general credit of the Company 

 Mortgages payable 

 $ 
 
 19,353 

 Other liabilities 

 615 

 Total liabilities of consolidated VIEs for which creditors or beneficial interest holders do not have recourse to the general credit of the Company 

 $ 
 
 19,968 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 66 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income 
 For the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 (In thousands except per share data) 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Revenues 

 Rental income 

 $ 
 
 119,100 

 116,796 

 116,550 

 Tenant recoveries 

 39,589 

 42,770 

 41,794 

 Other property income 

 2,510 

 2,029 

 4,440 

 Fee income from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 6,027 

 3,578 

 3,330 

 Total revenues 

 167,226 

 165,173 

 166,114 

 Expenses: 

 Property operating expenses 

 27,915 

 31,142 

 28,943 

 Real estate tax expense 

 28,530 

 32,472 

 30,412 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 50,303 

 44,188 

 45,072 

 Provision for asset impairment 

 8,064 

 18,190 

 4,696 

 General and administrative expenses 

 14,656 

 13,735 

 12,639 

 Total expenses 

 129,468 

 139,727 

 121,762 

 Operating income 

 37,758 

 25,446 

 44,352 

 Other income 

 2,438 

 4,563 

 2,813 

 Gain on sale of investment properties 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 341 

 Gain (loss) from change in control of investment properties 

 (1,400 
 
 ) 
 
 5,018 

 &#151; 

 Gain on sale of joint venture interest 

 1,366 

 4,555 

 2,766 

 Gain on extinguishment of debt 

 &#151; 

 1,481 

 8,977 

 Impairment of investment securities 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (2,660 
 
 ) 

 Interest expense 

 (41,668 
 
 ) 
 
 (36,293 
 
 ) 
 
 (34,155 
 
 ) 

 Income (loss) before income tax benefit (expense) of taxable REIT subsidiaries, equity in loss of unconsolidated joint ventures and discontinued operations 

 (1,506 
 
 ) 
 
 4,770 

 22,434 

 Income tax benefit (expense) of taxable REIT subsidiaries 

 632 

 (719 
 
 ) 
 
 513 

 Equity in loss of unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (8,124 
 
 ) 
 
 (4,365 
 
 ) 
 
 (16,494 
 
 ) 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations 

 (8,998 
 
 ) 
 
 (314 
 
 ) 
 
 6,453 

 Income from discontinued operations 

 1,944 

 1,838 

 3,173 

 Net income (loss) 

 (7,054 
 
 ) 
 
 1,524 

 9,626 

 Less: Net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest 

 (130 
 
 ) 
 
 (306 
 
 ) 
 
 (417 
 
 ) 

 Net income (loss) attributable to Inland Real Estate Corporation 

 (7,184 
 
 ) 
 
 1,218 

 9,209 

 Dividends on preferred shares 

 (948 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

 (8,132 
 
 ) 
 
 1,218 

 9,209 

 Other comprehensive income (expense): 

 Unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities 

 (1,053 
 
 ) 
 
 1,549 

 3,068 

 Reversal of unrealized (gain) loss to realized (gain) loss on investment securities 

 (1,191 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,080 
 
 ) 
 
 2,660 

 Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments 

 (6,304 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,031 
 
 ) 
 
 217 

 Comprehensive income (loss) 

 $ 
 
 (16,680 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,344 
 
 ) 
 
 15,154 

 Basic and diluted earnings attributable to common shares per weighted average common share: 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations 

 $ 
 
 (0.11 
 
 ) 
 
 (0.01 
 
 ) 
 
 0.08 

 Income from discontinued operations 

 0.02 

 0.02 

 0.04 

 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per weighted average common share &#151; basic and diluted 

 $ 
 
 (0.09 
 
 ) 
 
 0.01 

 0.12 

 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding &#151; basic 

 88,530 

 85,951 

 78,441 

 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding &#151; diluted 

 88,530 

 85,951 

 78,504 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 67 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 For the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 (In thousands except per share data) 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Number of shares 

 Balance at beginning of year 

 87,838 

 84,560 

 66,498 

 Shares issued from DRP 

 299 

 309 

 803 

 Cancelled restricted shares 

 (1 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (2 
 
 ) 

 Exercise of stock options 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Issuance of shares 

 855 

 2,969 

 17,261 

 Balance at end of year 

 88,992 

 87,838 

 84,560 

 Preferred Stock 

 Balance at beginning of year 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Issuance of shares 

 50,000 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Balance at end of year 

 50,000 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Common Stock 

 Balance at beginning of year 

 878 

 846 

 665 

 Proceeds from DRP 

 4 

 3 

 9 

 Issuance of shares 

 8 

 29 

 172 

 Balance at end of year 

 890 

 878 

 846 

 Additional Paid-in capital 

 Balance at beginning of year 

 775,348 

 749,156 

 636,199 

 Proceeds from DRP 

 2,485 

 2,604 

 6,319 

 Deferred stock compensation 

 (80 
 
 ) 
 
 48 

 15 

 Amortization of debt issue costs 

 42 

 (330 
 
 ) 
 
 62 

 Exercise of stock options 

 9 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Issuance of shares 

 7,838 

 24,720 

 112,217 

 Offering costs 

 (2,431 
 
 ) 
 
 (850 
 
 ) 
 
 (5,656 
 
 ) 

 Balance at end of year 

 783,211 

 775,348 

 749,156 

 Accumulated distributions in excess of net income 

 Balance at beginning of year 

 (376,480 
 
 ) 
 
 (328,690 
 
 ) 
 
 (284,024 
 
 ) 

 Net income (loss) attributable to Inland Real Estate Corporation 

 (7,184 
 
 ) 
 
 1,218 

 9,209 

 Dividends on preferred shares 

 (948 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Distributions declared, common 

 (50,589 
 
 ) 
 
 (49,008 
 
 ) 
 
 (53,875 
 
 ) 

 Balance at end of year 

 (435,201 
 
 ) 
 
 (376,480 
 
 ) 
 
 (328,690 
 
 ) 

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

 Balance at beginning of year 

 1,148 

 3,710 

 (2,235 
 
 ) 

 Unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities 

 (1,053 
 
 ) 
 
 1,549 

 3,068 

 Reversal of unrealized (gain) loss to realized (gain) loss on investment securities 

 (1,191 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,080 
 
 ) 
 
 2,660 

 Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments 

 (6,304 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,031 
 
 ) 
 
 217 

 Balance at end of year 

 (7,400 
 
 ) 
 
 1,148 

 3,710 

 Noncontrolling interest 

 Balance at beginning of year 

 104 

 1,693 

 2,146 

 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

 130 

 306 

 417 

 Contributions to noncontrolling interest 

 25 

 25 

 24 

 Purchase of noncontrolling interest 

 (735 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,218 
 
 ) 
 
 (149 
 
 ) 

 Distributions to noncontrolling interest 

 (611 
 
 ) 
 
 (702 
 
 ) 
 
 (745 
 
 ) 

 Balance at end of year 

 (1,087 
 
 ) 
 
 104 

 1,693 

 Total equity 

 $ 
 
 390,413 

 400,998 

 426,715 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 
 68 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009 
 (In thousands) 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Cash flows from operating activities: 

 Net income (loss) 

 $ 
 
 (7,054 
 
 ) 
 
 1,524 

 9,626 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

 Provision for asset impairment 

 8,064 

 18,190 

 4,696 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 50,987 

 45,548 

 46,908 

 Amortization of deferred stock compensation 

 (80 
 
 ) 
 
 48 

 15 

 Amortization on acquired above/below market leases and lease inducements 

 (336 
 
 ) 
 
 158 

 (61 
 
 ) 

 Gain on sale of investment properties 

 (1,509 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,850 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,349 
 
 ) 

 Income from assumption of investment property 

 &#151; 

 (890 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Gain (loss) from change in control of investment properties 

 1,400 

 (5,018 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Loss on land condemnation 

 &#151; 

 259 

 &#151; 

 Gain on extinguishment of debt 

 &#151; 

 (1,481 
 
 ) 
 
 (8,977 
 
 ) 

 Realized (gain) loss on investment securities, net 

 (1,264 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,352 
 
 ) 
 
 1,224 

 Equity in loss of unconsolidated ventures 

 8,124 

 4,365 

 16,495 

 Gain on sale of joint venture interest 

 (1,366 
 
 ) 
 
 (4,555 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,766 
 
 ) 

 Straight line rent 

 (1,562 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,579 
 
 ) 
 
 732 

 Amortization of loan fees 

 3,668 

 2,420 

 3,031 

 Amortization of convertible note discount 

 1,288 

 1,426 

 1,422 

 Distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 1,146 

 904 

 42 

 Changes in assets and liabilities: 

 Restricted cash 

 1,384 

 (361 
 
 ) 
 
 751 

 Accounts receivable and other assets, net 

 6,439 

 3,089 

 4,401 

 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

 (2,715 
 
 ) 
 
 2,861 

 (1,120 
 
 ) 

 Prepaid rents and other liabilities 

 (3,340 
 
 ) 
 
 (3,183 
 
 ) 
 
 (3,019 
 
 ) 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 63,274 

 59,523 

 71,051 

 Cash flows from investing activities: 

 Restricted cash 

 $ 
 
 20 

 (2,641 
 
 ) 
 
 (170 
 
 ) 

 Proceeds from sale of interest in joint venture, net 

 62,929 

 35,461 

 32,656 

 (Purchase) sale of investment securities, net 

 (3,001 
 
 ) 
 
 2,813 

 1,908 

 Purchase of investment properties 

 (125,604 
 
 ) 
 
 (102,478 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Additions to investment properties, net of accounts payable 

 (40,775 
 
 ) 
 
 (23,470 
 
 ) 
 
 (16,785 
 
 ) 

 Proceeds from sale of investment properties, net 

 10,796 

 46,868 

 7,712 

 Land condemnation 

 &#151; 

 65 

 &#151; 

 Proceeds from change in control of investment properties 

 499 

 11,886 

 &#151; 

 Distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 8,831 

 10,386 

 12,325 

 Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (11,135 
 
 ) 
 
 (4,815 
 
 ) 
 
 (28,435 
 
 ) 

 Mortgages receivable 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (515 
 
 ) 

 Leasing fees 

 (4,411 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,810 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,604 
 
 ) 

 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

 (101,851 
 
 ) 
 
 (28,735 
 
 ) 
 
 6,092 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 69 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 (In thousands) 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Cash flows from financing activities: 

 Proceeds from the DRP 

 $ 
 
 2,489 

 2,607 

 6,328 

 Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

 9 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Issuance of shares, net of offering costs 

 55,415 

 23,899 

 106,733 

 Purchase of noncontrolling interest, net 

 (710 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,193 
 
 ) 
 
 (125 
 
 ) 

 Loan proceeds 

 93,321 

 187,512 

 2,700 

 Payoff of debt 

 (66,440 
 
 ) 
 
 (179,829 
 
 ) 
 
 (93,289 
 
 ) 

 Proceeds from unsecured loan 

 50,000 

 10,000 

 &#151; 

 Proceeds from the unsecured line of credit facility 

 231,425 

 187,000 

 120,000 

 Repayments on the unsecured line of credit facility 

 (196,425 
 
 ) 
 
 (187,000 
 
 ) 
 
 (127,000 
 
 ) 

 Repayments on convertible notes 

 (82,648 
 
 ) 
 
 (15,483 
 
 ) 
 
 (31,040 
 
 ) 

 Loan fees 

 (3,187 
 
 ) 
 
 (7,318 
 
 ) 
 
 (321 
 
 ) 

 Distributions paid 

 (51,279 
 
 ) 
 
 (48,885 
 
 ) 
 
 (55,288 
 
 ) 

 Distributions to noncontrolling interest partners 

 (611 
 
 ) 
 
 (702 
 
 ) 
 
 (745 
 
 ) 

 Other current liabilities 

 1,403 

 5,451 

 (3,557 
 
 ) 

 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

 32,762 

 (23,941 
 
 ) 
 
 (75,604 
 
 ) 

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

 (5,815 
 
 ) 
 
 6,847 

 1,539 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

 13,566 

 6,719 

 5,180 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

 $ 
 
 7,751 

 13,566 

 6,719 

 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

 Cash paid for interest, net of capitalized interest 

 $ 
 
 36,502 

 30,088 

 31,407 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 70 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 (1) Organization and Basis of Accounting 
 
 Inland Real Estate Corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;), a Maryland corporation, was formed on May 12, 1994. The Company is a publicly held real estate investment trust (&#147;REIT&#148;) that owns, operates and develops (directly or through its unconsolidated entities) open-air neighborhood, community and power shopping centers and single tenant retail properties located primarily in Midwest markets. 
 
 All amounts in these footnotes to the consolidated financial statements are stated in thousands with the exception of per share amounts, square foot amounts, number of properties, number of states, number of leases and number of employees. 
 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (&#147;U.S. GAAP&#148;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 Certain reclassifications were made to the 2010 and 2009 financial statements to conform to the 2011 presentation but have not changed the results of prior years, other than as indicated or discussed. Please refer to footnote 12 for a discussion of an immaterial accounting error related to the accounting for convertible note extinguishments that occurred in 2010, 2009 and 2008. 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of its wholly-owned subsidiaries and consolidated joint ventures. These entities are consolidated because the Company is the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity (&#147;VIE&#148;). The primary beneficiary is the party that has a controlling financial interest in the VIE, which is defined by the entity having both of the following characteristics: 1) the power to direct the activities that, when taken together, most significantly impact the VIE&#146;s performance, and 2) the obligation to absorb losses and right to receive the returns from the VIE that would be significant to the VIE. The third parties&#146; interests in these consolidated entities are reflected as noncontrolling interest in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 The consolidated results of the Company include the accounts of Inland Ryan LLC, Inland Ryan Cliff Lake LLC, IRC&#151;IREX Venture, LLC, and IRC-IREX Venture II, LLC. The Company has determined that these interests are noncontrolling interests to be included in permanent equity, separate from the Company&#146;s shareholders&#146; equity, in the consolidated balance sheets and statements of equity. Net income or loss related to these noncontrolling interests is included in net income or loss in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 The Company considers all demand deposits, money market accounts and investments in certificates of deposit and repurchase agreements purchased with a maturity of three months or less, at the date of purchase, to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions. The combined account balances at one or more institutions periodically exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) insurance coverage and, as a result, there is a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposits in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. However, the Company does not believe the risk is significant based on its review of the rating of the institutions where its cash is deposited. In 2008, FDIC insurance coverage was increased to $250,000 per depositor at each insured bank. This increase will be in place until December 31, 2013, at which time it will return to $100,000 per depositor, unless coverage is further extended. As of December 31, 2010, all funds in a noninterest-bearing transaction account are insured in full by the FDIC from December 31, 2010 through December 31, 2012. This temporary unlimited coverage is in addition to, and separate from, the coverage of at least $250,000 available to depositors under the FDIC&#146;s general deposit insurance rules. 
 
 71 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 Accounting Policies 
 
 Depreciation expense is computed using the straight-line method. Building and improvements are depreciated based upon estimated useful lives of each asset type. The Company accounts for tenant allowances as tenant improvements. Tenant improvements are depreciated over the life of the related lease. 
 
 Acquired above and below market leases are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the related leases as an adjustment to rental income. Acquired in-place leases and customer relationship values are amortized over the life of the related leases as a component of amortization expense. 
 
 Leasing fees are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the related lease. Loan fees are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the related loan, which approximate the effective interest method. Leasing fees and loan fees are presented in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as deferred costs. Deferred costs are presented net of accumulated amortization of $6,538 and $6,371 for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 
 
 The Company expenses acquisition costs for investment property acquisitions, accounted for as business combinations, to record the acquisition at its fair value. 
 
 The Company allocates the purchase price of each acquired investment property between land, building and improvements, other intangibles (including acquired above market leases, acquired below market leases, customer relationships and acquired in-place leases) and any assumed financing that is determined to be above or below market terms. Purchase price allocations are based on our estimates. The value allocated to land as opposed to building affects the amount of depreciation the Company records. If more value is attributed to land, depreciation expense is lower than if more value is attributed to building and improvements. In some circumstances, the Company engages independent real estate appraisal firms to provide market information and evaluations that are relevant to its purchase price allocations; however; the Company is ultimately responsible for the purchase price allocations. The Company determines whether any financing assumed is above or below market based upon comparison to similar financing terms for similar investment properties. 
 
 Amortization pertaining to the above market lease intangibles of $832, $742 and $406 was recorded as a reduction to rental income for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Amortization pertaining to the below market lease intangibles of $1,208, $615 and $474 was recorded as an increase to rental income for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. The Company incurred amortization expense pertaining to acquired in-place lease intangibles of $6,540, $4,435 and $2,798 for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. In the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, acquired lease intangibles is presented net of accumulated amortization of $12,686 and $9,156 for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively and acquired below market lease intangibles are net of accumulated amortization of $2,980 and $2,292 for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The table below presents the amounts to be recorded for the amortization of intangibles over the next five years: 

 Year 

 Amortization of Above Market Lease Intangibles 

 Amortization of Below market Lease Intangibles 

 Amortization of In Place Lease Intangibles 

 Total 

 2012 

 $ 
 
 822 

 (992 
 
 ) 
 
 5,335 

 5,165 

 2013 

 774 

 (988 
 
 ) 
 
 4,627 

 4,413 

 2014 

 700 

 (848 
 
 ) 
 
 4,084 

 3,936 

 2015 

 604 

 (747 
 
 ) 
 
 2,325 

 2,182 

 2016 

 490 

 (618 
 
 ) 
 
 1,534 

 1,406 

 Thereafter 

 1,645 

 (6,954 
 
 ) 
 
 9,008 

 3,699 

 Total 

 $ 
 
 5,035 

 (11,147 
 
 ) 
 
 26,913 

 20,801 

 72 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 In determining whether to classify an asset as held for sale, the Company considers whether: (i) management has committed to a plan to sell the asset; (ii) the asset is available for immediate sale, in its present condition; (iii) the Company has initiated a program to locate a buyer; (iv) the Company believes that the sale of the asset is probable; (v) the Company has received a significant non-refundable deposit for the purchase of the property; (vi) the Company is actively marketing the asset for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current value; and (vii) actions required for the Company to complete the plan indicate that it is unlikely that any significant changes will be made to the plan. 
 
 If all of the above criteria are met, the Company classifies the asset as held for sale. On the day that these criteria are met, the Company suspends depreciation on the assets held for sale, including depreciation for tenant improvements and additions, as well as on the amortization of acquired in-place leases and customer relationship values. The assets held for sale are recorded at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The assets and liabilities associated with those assets that are held for sale are classified separately on the consolidated balance sheets for the most recent reporting period. Additionally, the operations for the periods presented are classified on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 
 
 The Company assesses the carrying values of its investment properties, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these investment properties may not be fully recoverable. Recoverability of the investment properties is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of the investment property to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows. In order to review the Company&#146;s investment properties for recoverability, the Company considers current market conditions, as well as its intent with respect to holding or disposing of the asset. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques; including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values and third party appraisals, where considered necessary. If the Company&#146;s analysis indicates that the carrying value of the investment property is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, the Company recognizes an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the current estimated fair value of the real estate property. 
 
 The Company estimates the future undiscounted cash flows based on management&#146;s intent as follows: (i) for real estate properties that the Company intends to hold long-term, including land held for development, properties currently under development and operating buildings, recoverability is assessed based on the estimated future net rental income from operating the property; (ii) for real estate properties that the Company intends to sell, including land parcels, properties currently under development and operating buildings, recoverability is assessed based on estimated proceeds from disposition that are estimated based on future net rental income of the property and expected market capitalization rates; and (iii) for costs incurred related to the potential acquisition or development of a real estate property, recoverability is assessed based on the probability that the acquisition or development is likely to occur as of the measurement date. 
 
 The use of projected future cash flows is based on assumptions that are consistent with the Company&#146;s estimates of future expectations and the strategic plan it uses to manage its underlying business. However, assumptions and estimates about future cash flows, discount rates and capitalization rates are complex and subjective. Changes in economic and operating conditions and the Company&#146;s ultimate investment intent that occur subsequent to our impairment analyses could impact these assumptions and result in future impairment charges of our real estate properties. 
 
 73 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 The Company also reviews its investments in unconsolidated entities. When circumstances indicate there may have been a loss in value of an equity method investment, the Company evaluates the investment for impairment by estimating its ability to recover its investments from future expected cash flows. If the Company determines the loss in value is other than temporary, the Company will recognize an impairment charge to reflect the investment at fair value. The use of projected future cash flows and other estimates of fair value, the determination of when a loss is other than temporary, and the calculation of the amount of the loss, is complex and subjective. Use of other estimates and assumptions may result in different conclusions. Changes in economic and operating conditions that occur subsequent to the Company&#146;s review could impact these assumptions and result in future impairment charges of its equity investments. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2009, the Company recorded $2,841 and $1,824, respectively of impairment charges related to four consolidated investment properties; Montgomery Plaza, Lake Park Plaza, Grand Traverse Crossing and a vacant Cub Foods store located in Indianapolis, Indiana. The Company had explored the disposition of these properties and determined that due to the decrease in our estimated hold period, the expected undiscounted cash flows related to these properties no longer supported their current carrying values. For each property, a letter of intent or contract for sale had been signed, at a price below the properties current carrying value, indicating a reduction in the property&#146;s carrying value. Therefore, the Company wrote these properties down to their fair value. Montgomery Plaza and a portion of Lake Park Plaza were subsequently sold at the agreed upon price. Grand Traverse Crossing and the vacant Cub Foods store are expected to sell during 2012, but are not considered held for sale as there is no assurance these sales will be completed. No impairment charges related to consolidated investment properties were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2010. 
 
 The Company accounts for its convertible notes by separately accounting for the debt and equity components of the notes. The value assigned to the debt component is the estimated fair value of a similar bond without the conversion feature, which results in the debt being recorded at a discount. The debt is subsequently accreted to its par value over the conversion period with a rate of interest being reflected in earnings that reflects the market rate at issuance. The Company initially recorded $9,412 to additional paid in capital on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, to reflect the equity portion of the convertible notes. The debt component is recorded at its fair value, which reflects an unamortized debt discount. The total principal amount outstanding was $29,215 and $110,000 as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 
 
 The Company consolidates the operations of a joint venture if it determines that the Company is the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity (&#147;VIE&#148;). The primary beneficiary is the party that has a controlling financial interest in the VIE, which is defined as having both of the following characteristics: 1) the power to direct the activities that, when taken together, most significantly impact the VIE&#146;s performance, and 2) the obligation to absorb losses and right to receive the returns from the VIE that would be significant to the VIE. There are significant judgments and estimates involved in determining the primary beneficiary of a VIE or the determination of who has control and influence of the entity. When the Company consolidates a VIE, the assets, liabilities and results of operations of the VIE are included in our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In instances where the Company is not the primary beneficiary of a VIE the Company uses the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method, the operations of a joint venture are not consolidated with the Company&#146;s operations. Instead, the Company&#146;s share of operations is reflected as equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. Additionally, the Company&#146;s net investment in the joint venture is reflected as investment in and advances to joint venture as an asset on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 74 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 The fair value of debt is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. The fair value of the Company&#146;s debt is estimated to be $317,737 for debt which bears interest at variable rates and $380,456 for debt which bears interest at fixed rates. The Company estimates the fair value of its debt by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument at rates currently offered for similar debt instruments of comparable maturities by the Company&#146;s lenders. The Company has not elected the fair value option with respect to its debt. The disclosure is included to provide information regarding the inputs used to determine the fair value of the outstanding debt, in accordance with existing accounting guidance and is not presented in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at fair value. 
 
 Offering costs are offset against the Stockholders&#146; equity accounts. Offering costs consist principally of printing, legal, selling and registration costs. 
 
 Rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of each lease. The difference between rental income earned on a straight-line basis and the cash rent due under provisions of the lease agreements is recorded as deferred rent receivable and is included as a component of accounts and rents receivable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The Company accrues lease termination income if there is a signed termination agreement, all of the conditions of the agreement have been met and the tenant is no longer occupying the property. Upon early lease termination, the Company provides for losses related to unrecovered intangibles and other assets. 
 
 As a lessor, the Company defers the recognition of contingent rental income, such as percentage/excess rent until the specified target that triggered the contingent rental income was achieved. 
 
 The Company periodically reviews the collectability of outstanding receivables. Allowances are taken for those balances that the Company has reason to believe will be uncollectable, including amounts relating to straight-line rent receivables. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company had recorded approximately $2,854 and $4,639, respectively, as an allowance for uncollectable accounts on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The Company may enter into derivative financial instrument transactions in order to mitigate its interest rate risk on a related financial instrument. The Company may designate these derivative financial instruments as hedges and apply hedge accounting, as the instrument to be hedged will expose it to interest rate risk, and the derivative financial instrument is designed to reduce that exposure. The Company entered into an interest rate swap contract to limit its exposure to variable interest rates. These derivative instruments were designated as cash flow hedges and therefore qualify for hedge accounting. The effective portion of the derivatives gain or loss is initially reported as a component of other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified into earnings when the transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss is reported in earnings immediately. 
 
 A mortgage receivable is considered impaired if it is probable that the Company will not collect all principal and interest contractually due. The impairment loss is calculated by comparing the recorded investment to the value determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at the loan&#146;s effective interest rate or to the fair value of the underlying collateral, less costs to sell, if the loan is collateral dependent. The Company does not accrue interest when a note is considered impaired. When ultimate collectability of the principal balance of the impaired note is in doubt, all cash receipts on the impaired note are applied to reduce the principal amount of the note until the principal has been recovered and are recognized as interest income thereafter. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company had a $515 mortgage receivable related to the sale of an investment property. Based upon the Company&#146;s judgment, its mortgage receivable was not impaired as of December 31, 2011. 
 
 75 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 The Company includes the accounts of all entities in which it holds a controlling financial interest in its consolidated financial statements. A controlling financial interest was typically attributable to the entity with a majority voting interest. However, controlling financial interests may be achieved through arrangements that do not involve voting interests. The controlling financial interest is held by the entity that will absorb a majority of the entity&#146;s expected losses, receives a majority of the entity&#146;s expected residual returns, or both. 
 
 A noncontrolling interest is the portion of equity (net assets) in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly, to a parent. The ownership interests in the subsidiary that are held by owners other than the parent are noncontrolling interests. Such noncontrolling interests are reported on the consolidated balance sheets within equity, separately from the Company&#146;s equity. On the consolidated statements of operations, revenues, expenses and net income or loss from less-than-wholly-owned subsidiaries are reported at the consolidated amounts, including both the amounts attributable to the Company and noncontrolling interests. Consolidated statements of equity are included for both quarterly and annual financial statements, including beginning balances, activity for the period and ending balances for shareholders&#146; equity, noncontrolling interests and total equity. 
 
 Recent Accounting Principles 
 
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;&#147;) issued ASU 2011-05 (&#147;the ASU&#148;) aimed at increasing the prominence of other comprehensive income in financial statements by requiring comprehensive income to be reported in either a single statement or in two consecutive statements reporting net income and other comprehensive income. The ASU eliminates the option to report other comprehensive income and its components in the statement of changes in stockholder&#146;s equity. However, the amendments do not change what items are reported in other comprehensive income of the U.S. GAAP requirements to report reclassification of items from other comprehensive income to net income on the face of the financial statements. The ASU requires retrospective application. The guidance will be required to be implemented by the Company beginning January 1, 2012. Management does not anticipate that the impact of the pronouncement will have a significant impact on the financial statements as it is aimed at providing additional information and enhancing presentation and disclosure. 
 
 (2) Investment Securities 
 
 At December 31, 2011 and 2010, investment in securities includes $11,075 and $9,053, respectively, of perpetual preferred securities and common securities classified as available-for-sale securities, which are recorded at fair value and $1,000 in each period of preferred securities that are recorded at cost. The Company determined that these securities should be held at cost because the fair value is not readily determinable and there is no active market for these securities. 
 
 Unrealized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. The Company has recorded a net unrealized gain of $997 and $3,241 on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific identification basis. Sales of investment securities available-for-sale during the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 resulted in gains on sale of $1,264, $2,352 and $1,436, respectively, which are included in other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. Dividend income is recognized when received. 
 
 76 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 The Company evaluates its investments for impairment quarterly. The Company&#146;s policy for assessing near term recoverability of its available for sale securities is to record a charge against net earnings when the Company determines that a decline in the fair value of a security drops below the cost basis and it believes it to be other than temporary. During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company recognized an impairment charge of $2,660 with respect to its investment in perpetual preferred and common securities in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Due to various factors, including the extent and duration during which the market price had been below cost, the Company concluded the decline in value was other than temporary. No such losses were required or recorded for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. 
 
 Gross unrealized losses on investment securities and the fair value of the related securities, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at December 31, 2011 were as follows: 

 Less than 12 months 

 12 months or longer 

 Total 

 Description of Securities 

 Fair Value 

 Unrealized Losses 

 Fair Value 

 Unrealized Losses 

 Fair Value 

 Unrealized Losses 

 REIT Stock 

 $ 
 
 3,414 

 (714 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 3,414 

 (714 
 
 ) 

 Non REIT Stock 

 $ 
 
 209 

 (51 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 209 

 (51 
 
 ) 
 
 (3) Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
 
 Unconsolidated joint ventures are those where the Company does not have a controlling financial interest in the joint venture or is not the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity. The Company accounts for its interest in these ventures using the equity method of accounting. The Company&#146;s profit/loss allocation percentage and related investment in each joint venture is summarized in the following table. 

 Joint Venture Entity 

 Company&#146;s Profit/Loss Allocation Percentage at December 31, 2011 

 Investment in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures at December 31, 2011 

 Investment in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures at December 31, 2010 

 IN Retail Fund LLC (a) 

 50 
 
 % 
 
 $ 
 
 18,304 

 27,275 

 NARE/Inland North Aurora I, II & III (b) 

 45 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 13,139 

 Oak Property and Casualty 

 25 
 
 % 
 
 1,464 

 1,475 

 TMK/Inland Aurora Venture LLC (b) 

 40 
 
 % 
 
 2,320 

 2,531 

 PTI Ft Wayne, LLC, PTI Boise LLC, PTI Westfield, LLC (c)(d) 

 85 
 
 % 
 
 11,100 

 17,764 

 INP Retail LP (e) 

 55 
 
 % 
 
 67,715 

 33,464 

 IRC/IREX Venture II LLC (f) 

 (g) 
 
 767 

 7,968 

 Investment in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures 

 $ 
 
 101,670 

 103,616 

 (a) Joint venture with New York State Teachers Retirement System (&#147;NYSTRS&#148;) 
 (b) The profit/loss allocation percentage is allocated after the calculation of the Company&#146;s preferred return. 
 (c) Joint venture with Pine Tree Institutional Realty, LLC (&#147;Pine Tree&#148;) 
 (d) The Company took control of PTI Ft. Wayne, LLC in 2011 and the property is now consolidated. There is no investment reflected in the current period. 
 (e) Joint venture with PGGM Private Real Estate Fund (&#147;PGGM&#148;) 
 (f) Joint venture with Inland Private Capital Corporation (&#147;IPCC&#148;). Investment in balance represents our share of the TIC or DST interests. 
 (g) The Company&#146;s profit/loss allocation percentage varies based on the ownership interest it hold in the entity that owns a particular property that is in the process of selling ownership interest to outside investors. 
 
 77 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 Effective June 7, 2010, the Company formed a joint venture with PGGM, a leading Dutch pension fund administrator and asset manager. In conjunction with the formation, the joint venture established two separate REIT entities to hold title to the properties included in the joint venture. The joint venture agreement contemplates that, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions described in the governing joint venture documents, the Company will contribute assets from its consolidated portfolio and PGGM will contribute their share of the equity of the properties contributed by the Company and equity for new acquisitions that are identified. This joint venture may acquire up to $270,000 of grocery-anchored and community retail centers located in Midwestern U.S. markets. The equity contributed by PGGM, related to properties contributed by the Company, is held in the joint venture and used as the Company&#146;s equity contribution towards future acquisitions. Under the terms of the agreement, PGGM&#146;s potential equity contribution to the venture may total up to $130,000 and the Company&#146;s maximum equity contribution may total up to $156,000, comprised of net asset contributions. As of December 31, 2011, PGGM&#146;s remaining commitment is approximately $31,000 and the Company&#146;s is $35,000. The joint venture expects to acquire additional assets using leverage consistent with its existing business plan during the next year. The joint venture agreement allows for leverage up to 50 percent of the value of the total portfolio. The table below presents investment property contributions to and acquisitions by the joint venture during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. 

 Date 

 Property 

 City 

 State 

 Gross Value 

 PGGM&#146;s Contributed Equity 

 Company&#146;s Contributed Equity 

 12/15/11 

 Turfway Commons (a) 

 Florence 

 KY 

 $ 
 
 12,980 

 $ 
 
 5,823 

 $ 
 
 7,117 

 12/07/11 

 Elston Plaza (a) 

 Chicago 

 IL 

 18,900 

 9,061 

 11,074 

 11/29/11 

 Brownstones Shopping Center (a) 

 Brookfield 

 WI 

 24,100 

 10,954 

 13,388 

 11/18/11 

 Woodfield Plaza (b) 

 Schaumburg 

 IL 

 26,966 

 6,430 

 7,859 

 11/15/11 

 Caton Crossing (b) 

 Plainfield 

 IL 

 12,269 

 2,060 

 2,517 

 11/09/11 

 Quarry Retail (b) 

 Minneapolis 

 MN 

 36,206 

 9,198 

 11,242 

 09/21/11 

 Champlin Marketplace (a) 

 Champlin 

 MN 

 12,950 

 5,978 

 7,307 

 09/19/11 

 Stuart&#146;s Crossing (b) 

 St. Charles 

 IL 

 12,294 

 2,390 

 2,922 

 06/02/11 

 Village Ten Center (b) 

 Coon Rapids 

 MN 

 14,569 

 2,921 

 3,570 

 06/02/11 

 Red Top Plaza (a) 

 Libertyville 

 IL 

 19,762 

 3,728 

 4,544 

 03/08/11 

 The Shops of Plymouth (b) 

 Plymouth 

 MN 

 9,489 

 1,937 

 2,368 

 03/01/11 

 Byerly&#146;s Burnsville (b) 

 Burnsville 

 MN 

 8,170 

 3,685 

 4,504 

 01/11/11 

 Joffco Square (a) 

 Chicago 

 IL 

 23,800 

 4,896 

 5,996 

 10/25/10 

 Diffley Marketplace (a) 

 Eagan 

 MN 

 11,861 

 2,712 

 3,315 

 08/31/10 

 The Point at Clark (a) 

 Chicago 

 IL 

 28,816 

 6,464 

 7,905 

 07/01/10 

 Cub Foods (b) 

 Arden Hills 

 MN 

 10,358 

 4,664 

 5,701 

 07/01/10 

 Shannon Square Shoppes (b) 

 Arden Hills 

 MN 

 5,465 

 2,464 

 3,011 

 07/01/10 

 Woodland Commons (b) 

 Buffalo Grove 

 IL 

 23,340 

 10,405 

 12,717 

 07/01/10 

 Mallard Crossing (b) 

 Elk Grove Village 

 IL 

 6,163 

 2,727 

 3,333 

 $ 
 
 318,458 

 $ 
 
 98,497 

 $ 
 
 120,390 

 (a) These properties were acquired by the joint venture. 
 (b) These properties were contributed to the joint venture by the Company. 
 
 As properties are contributed to the Company&#146;s joint venture with PGGM, the net assets are removed from the consolidated financial statements. The table below reflects those properties that became unconsolidated during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 Net investment properties 

 $ 
 
 (76,775 
 
 ) 
 
 (33,513 
 
 ) 

 Acquired lease intangibles, net 

 (1,228 
 
 ) 
 
 (886 
 
 ) 

 Deferred costs, net 

 (764 
 
 ) 
 
 (161 
 
 ) 

 Other assets 

 (1,643 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,234 
 
 ) 

 Mortgages payable 

 56,521 

 &#151; 

 Acquired below market lease intangibles, net 

 294 

 33 

 Other liabilities 

 2 

 896 

 Net assets contributed 

 $ 
 
 (23,593 
 
 ) 
 
 (34,865 
 
 ) 
 
 78 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 PGGM owns a forty-five percent equity ownership interest and the Company owns a fifty-five percent interest in the venture. The Company is the managing partner of the venture, responsible for the day-to-day activities and earns fees for asset management, property management, leasing and other services provided to the venture. The Company determined that this joint venture was not a VIE because it did not meet the VIE criteria. Both partners have the ability to participate in major decisions, as detailed in the joint venture agreement, and therefore, neither partner is deemed to have control of the joint venture. Therefore, this joint venture is unconsolidated and accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company took control of Orchard Crossing, a property previously held through its joint venture with Pine Tree and during the year ended December 31, 2010, the Company took control of Algonquin Commons, a property previously owned through its joint venture with NYSTRS. Prior to the change in control transactions, the Company accounted for its investment in these properties as unconsolidated entities. 
 
 The change in control transactions of Orchard Crossing and Algonquin Commons were accounted for as business combinations, which required the Company to record the assets and liabilities of each property at its fair value, which was derived using level three inputs. 
 
 The Company valued Orchard Crossing using a third party appraisal. The consolidation resulted in a loss to the Company of $1,400. The Company valued Algonquin Commons using a discounted cash flow model, including discount rates and capitalization rates applied to the expected future cash flows of the property. The Company estimated fair value of the debt by discounting the future cash flows of the instrument at a rate currently offered for similar debt instruments. NYSTRS agreed to pay the Company approximately $12,000 in connection with and as part of the acquisition of the property. In addition, the Company agreed to release NYSTRS from future obligations associated with the property. This consolidation resulted in a gain to the Company of $5,122. The loss from Orchard Crossing and the gain from Algonquin Commons are reflected as gain (loss) from change in control of investment properties on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition: 

 Orchard Crossing December 31, 2011 

 Algonquin Commons December 31, 2010 

 Investment properties 

 $ 
 
 19,800 

 102,103 

 Other assets 

 299 

 1,642 

 Total assets acquired 

 20,099 

 103,745 

 Mortgages payable 

 14,800 

 91,035 

 Other liabilities 

 294 

 2,610 

 Net assets acquired 

 $ 
 
 5,005 

 10,100 

 The following table summarizes the investment in Orchard Crossing and Algonquin Commons: 

 Orchard Crossing 

 Algonquin Commons 

 Investments in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures prior to change in control transaction 

 $ 
 
 6,597 

 16,864 

 Investments in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures activity 

 282 

 &#151; 

 Gain (loss) from change in control of investment properties 

 (1,400 
 
 ) 
 
 5,122 

 Cash received 

 (499 
 
 ) 
 
 (11,886 
 
 ) 

 Closing credits 

 25 

 &#151; 

 Net assets acquired 

 $ 
 
 5,005 

 10,100 

 79 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 In April 2009, Inland Exchange Venture Corporation (&#147;IEVC&#148;), a taxable REIT subsidiary (&#147;TRS&#148;) of the Company, entered into a limited liability company agreement with IPCC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Inland Group, Inc. (&#147;TIGI&#148;) that was formerly known as Inland Real Estate Exchange Corporation. The resulting joint venture was formed to continue the Company&#146;s joint venture relationship with IPCC that began in 2006 and to provide replacement properties for investors wishing to complete a tax-deferred exchange through private placement offerings, using properties made available to the joint venture by IEVC. These offerings are structured to sell tenant-in-common (&#147;TIC&#148;) interests or Delaware Statutory Trust (&#147;DST&#148;) interests, together the &#147;ownership interest,&#148; in the identified property. The Company executed a joinder to the joint venture agreement, agreeing to perform certain expense reimbursement and indemnification obligations thereunder. IEVC coordinates the joint venture&#146;s acquisition, property management and leasing functions, and earns fees for providing these services to the joint venture. The Company will continue to earn property management and leasing fees on all properties acquired for this venture, including after all ownership interests have been sold to the investors. 
 
 The joint venture was determined to be a variable interest entity (&#147;VIE&#148;) under ASC Topic 810 and is consolidated by the Company. Prior to the sale of any ownership interests, the joint venture owns 100% of the ownership interests in the property and controls the major decisions that affect the underlying property; and therefore upon initial acquisition, the joint venture consolidates the property. At the time of first sale of an ownership interest, the joint venture no longer controls the underlying property as the activities and decisions that most significantly impact the property&#146;s economic performance are now subject to joint control among the co-owners or lender; and therefore, at such time, the property is deconsolidated and accounted for under the equity method (unconsolidated). Once the operations are unconsolidated, the income is included in equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures until all ownership interests have been sold. The table below reflects those properties that became unconsolidated during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, and therefore no longer represent the consolidated assets and liabilities of the VIE. 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 Investment properties 

 $ 
 
 (109,069 
 
 ) 
 
 (20,499 
 
 ) 

 Acquired lease intangibles 

 (16,143 
 
 ) 
 
 (6,494 
 
 ) 

 Below market lease intangibles 

 2,513 

 168 

 Mortgages payable 

 70,413 

 9,000 

 Net change to investment in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures 

 $ 
 
 (52,286 
 
 ) 
 
 (17,825 
 
 ) 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, the joint venture with IPCC acquired twenty-two and six investment properties, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company earned acquisition and management fees from this venture which are included in fee income from unconsolidated joint ventures on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. Additionally, in conjunction with the sales, the Company recorded gains of approximately $1,366, $4,555 and $2,766 for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively, which are included in gain on sale of joint venture interests on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2010, one of the Company&#146;s development joint ventures completed a land parcel sale for approximately $260. The joint venture recorded a loss on sale of approximately $52. The Company&#146;s pro rata share of the loss was $24. During the year ended December 31, 2010 another of the Company&#146;s development joint ventures completed the sale of a fully leased multi-tenant outlot building for approximately $2,350. The joint venture recorded a gain on sale of approximately $68. The Company&#146;s pro rata share of the gain, including preferred return, was $68. The loss and gain are reflected in equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures for the year ended December 31, 2010. During the year ended December 31, 2009, one of the Company&#146;s development joint ventures completed a sale of a Walgreens building to a third party for approximately $4,700. The joint venture recorded a gain on sale of approximately $885. The Company&#146;s pro rata share of this gain, including its preferred return, was $847, which is reflected in equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures for the year ended December 31, 2009. No land sales were completed through our development joint ventures during the year ended December 31, 2011. 
 
 80 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 The Company&#146;s proportionate share of the earnings or losses related to its unconsolidated joint ventures is reflected as equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. Additionally, the Company earns fees for providing property management, leasing and acquisition activities to these ventures. The Company recognizes fee income equal to the Company&#146;s joint venture partner&#146;s share of the expense or commission in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company earned $6,027 in fee income from its unconsolidated joint ventures, as compared to $3,578 and $3,330 for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. This fee income increased mostly due to acquisition fees related to sales on properties sold through the Company&#146;s joint venture with IPCC. Acquisition fees are earned on the IPCC joint venture properties as the interests are sold to the investors. Additionally, the fee income increased due to an increase in management fees on an increased number of properties in unconsolidated joint ventures. These fees are reflected on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income as fee income from unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 
 The operations of properties contributed to the joint ventures by the Company are not recorded as discontinued operations because of the Company&#146;s continuing involvement with these investment properties. Differences between the Company&#146;s investment in the joint ventures and the amount of the underlying equity in net assets of the joint ventures are due to basis differences resulting from the Company&#146;s equity investment recorded at its historical basis versus the fair value of certain of the Company&#146;s contributions to the joint venture. Such differences are amortized over depreciable lives of the joint venture&#146;s property assets. During the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, the Company recorded $2,140, $1,634 and $1,438, respectively, of amortization of this basis difference. 
 
 The unconsolidated joint ventures had total outstanding debt in the amount of $394,481 (total debt, not the Company&#146;s pro rata share) at December 31, 2011 that matures as follows: 

 Joint Venture Entity 

 2012 (a) 

 2013 

 2014 

 2015 

 2016 

 Thereafter 

 Total 

 IN Retail Fund LLC 

 $ 
 
 47,300 

 33,167 

 11,687 

 22,000 

 8,000 

 58,780 

 180,934 

 NARE/Inland North Aurora I (b)(c) 

 17,469 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 17,469 

 NARE/Inland North Aurora II (c) 

 3,549 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 3,549 

 NARE/Inland North Aurora III (c) 

 13,819 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 13,819 

 PTI Boise LLC (e) 

 2,700 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,700 

 PTI Westfield LLC (f) 

 7,350 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 7,350 

 TDC Inland Lakemoor LLC (g) 

 22,105 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 22,105 

 INP Retail LP 

 22,800 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 5,800 

 &#151; 

 96,319 

 124,919 

 IRC/IREX Venture II LLC 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 21,636 

 21,636 

 Total unconsolidated joint venture debt 

 $ 
 
 137,092 

 33,167 

 11,687 

 27,800 

 8,000 

 176,735 

 394,481 

 (a) The joint ventures will soon be in discussions with various lenders to extend or restructure this joint venture debt although there is no assurance that the Company, or its joint venture partners, will be able to restructure this debt on terms and conditions the Company find acceptable, if at all. 
 (b) The Company has guaranteed approximately $1,100 of one loan included in the 2012 column. 
 (c) This loan matured in July 2011. The joint venture is currently working with the lender to extend this debt. The joint venture has continued to make monthly debt service payments and the lender has not taken any negative actions with regard to this matured debt. 
 (d) This loan matures in October 2012. In September 2009, the Company purchased the mortgage from the lender at a discount and became a lender to the joint venture. 
 (e) This loan matured in December 2011. The joint venture is currently working with the lender to extend this debt. The joint venture has continued to make monthly debt service payments and the lender has not taken any negative actions with regards to this matured debt. The Company has guaranteed approximately $1,200 of this outstanding loan. 
 (f) This loan matures in October 2012. The Company has guaranteed approximately $9,000 of this outstanding loan. 
 
 81 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 The Company has guaranteed approximately $11,300 of unconsolidated joint venture debt as of December 31, 2011. The guarantees on three mortgage loans are in effect for the entire term of the respective loan as set forth in the loan documents. The Company is required to pay on a guarantee upon the default of any of the provisions in the respective loan documents, unless the default is otherwise waived. The Company is required to estimate the fair value of these guarantees and, if material, record a corresponding liability. The Company has determined that the fair value of such guarantees are immaterial as of December 31, 2011 and accordingly has not recorded a liability related to these guarantees on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 When circumstances indicate there may have been a loss in value of an equity method investment, the Company evaluates the investment for impairment by estimating its ability to recover its investments from future expected cash flows. If the Company determines the loss in value is other than temporary, the Company will recognize an impairment charge to reflect the investment at its fair value, which was derived using level three inputs. The total impairment loss is recorded at the joint venture level. The Company&#146;s pro rata share of the loss is included in equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. Impairment losses for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 are presented in the table below. 

 Year ended December 31, 2011 

 Year ended December 31, 2010 

 Year ended December 31, 2009 

 Joint Venture Entity 

 Total impairment 

 Company&#146;s pro rata share 

 Total impairment 

 Company&#146;s pro rata share 

 Total impairment 

 Company&#146;s pro rata share 

 NARE/Inland North Aurora I 

 $ 
 
 7,371 

 3,317 

 5,550 

 2,498 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 NARE/Inland North Aurora II 

 1,200 

 540 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 3,181 

 1,431 

 NARE/Inland North Aurora III 

 8,816 

 3,967 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 4,276 

 1,924 

 PDG/Tuscany Village Venture LLC 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 7,450 

 1,118 

 PTI Westfield LLC 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 5,713 

 4,856 

 TDC Inland Lakemoor LLC 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 11,299 

 5,424 

 $ 
 
 17,387 

 7,824 

 5,550 

 2,498 

 31,919 

 14,753 

 In addition to the impairment charges above, during the year ended December 31, 2009 the Company recorded $2,872 in impairment loss related to basis differences recorded for interest costs incurred for each project. This loss is included in provision for asset impairment on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. No impairment charges related to the basis differences were required or recorded during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. 
 
 Additionally, during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company determined that, based on the fair value of the related properties, the investments in certain development joint ventures were not recoverable. Therefore, the following impairment losses were recorded to reflect the investments at fair value, which were derived using level three inputs and are included in provision for asset impairment for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. No impairment adjustments were required or recorded during the year ended December 31, 2009. 

 Joint Venture Entity 

 Year ended December 31, 2011 

 Year ended December 31, 2010 

 NARE/Inland North Aurora I 

 $ 
 
 382 

 3,933 

 NARE/Inland North Aurora II 

 1,535 

 1,500 

 NARE/Inland North Aurora III 

 3,306 

 2,584 

 PDG/Tuscany Village Venture LLC 

 &#151; 

 6,809 

 TDC Inland Lakemoor LLC 

 &#151; 

 3,364 

 $ 
 
 5,223 

 18,190 

 82 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 Summarized financial information for the unconsolidated joint ventures is as follows: 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 Balance Sheet: 

 Assets: 

 Investment in real estate, net 

 $ 
 
 702,178 

 506,809 

 Other assets 

 92,271 

 61,243 

 Total assets 

 $ 
 
 794,449 

 568,052 

 Liabilities: 

 Mortgage payable 

 $ 
 
 394,481 

 281,496 

 Other liabilities 

 59,171 

 44,976 

 Total liabilities 

 453,652 

 326,472 

 Total equity 

 340,797 

 241,580 

 Total liabilities and equity 

 $ 
 
 794,449 

 568,052 

 Investment in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures 

 $ 
 
 101,670 

 103,616 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 December 31, 2009 

 Statement of Operations: 

 Total revenues 

 $ 
 
 72,806 

 69,327 

 72,377 

 Total expenses (a) 

 (93,563 
 
 ) 
 
 (81,717 
 
 ) 
 
 (112,243 
 
 ) 

 Loss from continuing operations 

 $ 
 
 (20,757 
 
 ) 
 
 (12,390 
 
 ) 
 
 (39,866 
 
 ) 

 Inland&#146;s pro rata share of loss from continuing operations (b) 

 $ 
 
 (8,124 
 
 ) 
 
 (4,365 
 
 ) 
 
 (16,494 
 
 ) 

 (a) Total expenses include impairment charges in the amount of $17,387, $5,550 and $31,919 for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 
 (b) IRC&#146;s pro rata share includes the amortization of certain basis differences and an elimination of IRC&#146;s pro rata share of the management fee expense. 
 
 Financial Information of Individually Significant Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
 
 Following is summarized financial information for INP Retail LP, NARE/Inland North Aurora, LLC and NARE/Inland North Aurora III, LLC. For financial reporting purposes, the Company considers these joint ventures to be individually significant unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 
 83 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 INP Retail LP 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 Balance Sheet: 

 Assets: 

 Investment in real estate, net 

 $ 
 
 318,326 

 86,435 

 Other assets 

 39,245 

 13,928 

 Total assets 

 $ 
 
 357,571 

 100,363 

 Liabilities: 

 Mortgage payable 

 $ 
 
 124,919 

 20,100 

 Other liabilities 

 21,326 

 9,085 

 Total liabilities 

 146,245 

 29,185 

 Total equity 

 211,326 

 71,178 

 Total liabilities and equity 

 $ 
 
 357,571 

 100,363 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 Statement of Operations: 

 Total revenues 

 $ 
 
 20,892 

 3,737 

 Total expenses 

 (23,075 
 
 ) 
 
 (5,573 
 
 ) 

 Loss from continuing operations 

 $ 
 
 (2,183 
 
 ) 
 
 (1,836 
 
 ) 
 
 NARE/Inland North Aurora LLC 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 Balance Sheet: 

 Assets: 

 Investment in real estate, net 

 $ 
 
 13,966 

 21,664 

 Other assets 

 275 

 316 

 Total assets 

 $ 
 
 14,241 

 21,980 

 Liabilities: 

 Mortgage payable 

 $ 
 
 17,469 

 17,469 

 Other liabilities 

 268 

 257 

 Total liabilities 

 17,737 

 17,726 

 Total equity 

 (3,496 
 
 ) 
 
 4,254 

 Total liabilities and equity 

 $ 
 
 14,241 

 21,980 

 84 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 December 31, 2009 

 Statement of Operations: 

 Total revenues 

 $ 
 
 713 

 605 

 654 

 Total expenses (a) 

 (8,816 
 
 ) 
 
 (6,998 
 
 ) 
 
 (855 
 
 ) 

 Loss from continuing operations 

 $ 
 
 (8,103 
 
 ) 
 
 6,393 

 (201 
 
 ) 

 (a) Total expenses include impairment charges in the amount of $7,371 and $5,550 for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. No impairment charges were required or recorded during the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 
 NARE/Inland North Aurora III LLC 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 Balance Sheet: 

 Assets: 

 Investment in real estate, net 

 $ 
 
 12,502 

 21,307 

 Other assets 

 19 

 48 

 Total assets 

 $ 
 
 12,521 

 21,355 

 Liabilities: 

 Mortgage payable 

 $ 
 
 13,819 

 13,819 

 Other liabilities 

 106 

 101 

 Total liabilities 

 13,925 

 13,920 

 Total equity 

 (1,404 
 
 ) 
 
 7,435 

 Total liabilities and equity 

 $ 
 
 12,521 

 21,355 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 December 31, 2009 

 Statement of Operations: 

 Total revenues 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total expenses (a) 

 (9,498 
 
 ) 
 
 (734 
 
 ) 
 
 (4,494 
 
 ) 

 Loss from continuing operations 

 $ 
 
 (9,498 
 
 ) 
 
 (734 
 
 ) 
 
 (4,494 
 
 ) 

 (a) Total expenses include impairment charges in the amount of $8,816, and $4,276 for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2009, respectively, as discussed above. No impairment charges were required or recorded during the year ended December 31, 2010. 
 
 85 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 December 31, 2009 

 Statement of Cash Flows: 

 Net cash used in operating activities 

 $ 
 
 (639 
 
 ) 
 
 (641 
 
 ) 
 
 (249 
 
 ) 

 Net cash used in investing activities 

 (11 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (317 
 
 ) 

 Net cash provided by financing activities 

 660 

 635 

 493 

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

 10 

 (6 
 
 ) 
 
 (73 
 
 ) 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

 4 

 10 

 83 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

 $ 
 
 14 

 4 

 10 

 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

 Cash paid for interest, net of capitalized interest 

 $ 
 
 575 

 585 

 657 

 (4) Fair Value Disclosures 
 
 In some instances, certain of the Company&#146;s assets and liabilities are required to be measured or disclosed at fair value according to a fair value hierarchy pursuant to relevant accounting literature. This hierarchy ranks the quality and reliability of the inputs used to determine fair values, which are then classified and disclosed in one of three categories. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are: 
 
 &#183; Level 1 &#151; quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 &#183; Level 2 &#151; quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable. 
 &#183; Level 3 &#151; model-derived valuations with unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity 
 
 Assets and liabilities are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company&#146;s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the valuation of fair value assets and liabilities and their classifications within the fair value hierarchy levels. 
 
 86 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 For assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, quantitative disclosure of the fair value for each major category of assets and liabilities is presented below: 

 Fair value measurements at December 31, 2011 using 

 Description 

 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

 Available for sale securities 

 $ 
 
 11,075 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total assets 

 $ 
 
 11,075 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Derivative interest rate instruments liabilities (a) 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 8,396 

 &#151; 

 Variable rate debt (b) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 317,737 
 
 (b) 

 Fixed rate debt (b) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 380,456 
 
 (b) 

 Total liabilities 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 8,396 

 698,193 

 Fair value measurements at December 31, 2010 using 

 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

 Description 

 Available for sale securities 

 $ 
 
 9,053 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total assets 

 $ 
 
 9,053 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Derivative interest rate instruments liabilities (a) 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 2,092 

 &#151; 

 Variable rate debt (b) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 236,793 

 Fixed rate debt (b) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 551,089 

 Total liabilities 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 2,092 

 787,882 

 (a) The Company entered into this interest rate swap as a requirement under a mortgage loan closed in 2010. 
 (b) The disclosure is included to provide information regarding the inputs used to determine the fair value of the outstanding debt, in accordance with existing accounting guidance and is not presented in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at fair value. 
 
 The fair value of debt is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. The Company estimates the fair value of its total debt by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument at rates currently offered for similar debt instruments of comparable maturities by the Company&#146;s lenders. The Company has not elected the fair value option with respect to its debt. The Company&#146;s financial instruments, principally escrow deposits, accounts payable and accrued expenses, and working capital items, are short term in nature and their carrying amounts approximate their fair value at December 31, 2011 and 2010. 
 
 The following table summarizes activity for the Company&#146;s assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The Company recognized certain non-cash impairment charges to write down the investments to their fair values in the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. The asset groups that were impaired to fair value through this evaluation were: 
 
 87 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 

 Year ended December 31, 2011 

 Year ended December 31, 2010 

 Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

 Total Impairment Loss 

 Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

 Total Impairment Loss 

 Investment properties 

 $ 
 
 2,950 

 2,841 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Investment in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures 

 &#151; 

 5,223 

 13,593 

 18,190 

 $ 
 
 2,950 

 8,064 

 13,593 

 18,190 

 The Company estimates the fair value of its investment properties and unconsolidated joint venture properties by using income and market valuation techniques. The Company may estimate fair values, using market information such as broker opinions of value, recent sales data for similar assets, negotiated letters of intent or discounted cash flow models, which primarily rely on Level 3 inputs. The cash flow models include estimated cash inflows and outflows over a specified holding period. These cash flows may include contractual rental revenues, projected future rental revenues and expenses and forecasted tenant improvements and lease commissions based upon market conditions determined through discussion with loan real estate professionals, experience the Company has with its other owned investment properties in such markets and expectations for growth. Capitalization rates and discount rates utilized in these models are estimated by management based upon rates that management believes to be within a reasonable range of current market rates for the respective properties based upon an analysis of factors such as property and tenant quality, geographical location and local supply and demand observations. To the extent the Company under estimates forecasted cash outflows (tenant improvements, lease commissions and operating costs) or over estimates forecasted cash inflows (rental revenue rates) the estimated fair value of its real estate assets could be overstated. 
 
 The Company periodically reviews its investment in unconsolidated entities for impairment. The estimated fair value is based on reviews of the expected cash flows to be received from the respective ventures and other observable inputs. In some instances, the Company may perform a discounted cash flow analysis on an unconsolidated entity&#146;s underlying assets. The cash flows are comprised of unobservable inputs including expected and forecasted inflows and outflows over a specific holding period. 
 
 (5) Mortgages and Notes Receivable 
 
 In September 2009, the Company purchased the mortgage on its development property held through its unconsolidated joint venture, PTI Boise LLC, at a discount to its face value. As a result of this transaction, the Company became the lender to the joint venture and recorded a note receivable of $3,700 and a deferred gain in the amount of $1,000 related to the discount received for early payoff. During the three months ended December 31, 2009, the Company reduced the mortgage receivable to the joint venture by the $1,000 deferred gain and wrote off this amount. The joint venture recorded this $1,000 as a gain on the early extinguishment of debt. This note receivable is included in investment in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 
 In conjunction with the sale of Montgomery Plaza in Montgomery, Illinois, the Company gave a purchase money mortgage to the buyer in the amount of $515. The buyer is required to pay interest only on a monthly basis at a rate of 6.0% per annum, as well as monthly payments for taxes and insurance. The balance of the mortgage, and any unpaid interest, taxes and insurance are to be paid on May 1, 2012. The Company recorded $31, $31 and $22 of interest income for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 
 
 88 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 (6) Transactions with Related Parties 
 
 The Company pays affiliates of TIGI for various administrative services, including, but not limited to, payroll preparation and management, data processing, insurance consultation and placement, property tax reduction services and mail processing. These TIGI affiliates provide these services at cost. TIGI, through its affiliates, beneficially owns approximately 12.8% of the Company&#146;s outstanding common stock. For accounting purposes however, the Company is not directly affiliated with TIGI or its affiliates. 
 
 Amounts paid to TIGI and/or its affiliates for services and office space provided to the Company are set forth below. 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 December 31, 2009 

 Investment advisor 

 $ 
 
 99 

 92 

 84 

 Loan servicing 

 121 

 113 

 134 

 Property tax payment/reduction work 

 238 

 188 

 184 

 Computer services 

 980 

 532 

 680 

 Other service agreements 

 438 

 364 

 254 

 Broker commissions 

 383 

 290 

 &#151; 

 Office rent and reimbursements 

 411 

 410 

 514 

 Total 

 $ 
 
 2,670 

 1,989 

 1,850 

 In April 2009, Inland Exchange Venture Corporation (&#147;IEVC&#148;), a TRS of the Company, entered into a limited liability company agreement with IPCC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of TIGI. The resulting joint venture was formed to facilitate IEVC&#146;s participation in tax-deferred exchange transactions pursuant to Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code using properties made available to the joint venture by IEVC. The Company executed a joinder to the joint venture agreement, agreeing to perform certain expense reimbursement and indemnification obligations thereunder. IEVC coordinates the joint venture&#146;s acquisition, property management and leasing functions, and earns fees for providing these services to the joint venture. The Company will continue to earn property management and leasing fees on all properties acquired for this venture, including after all interests have been sold to the investors. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company paid a total of $242 and $470, respectively, in mortgage brokerage fees to Grubb & Ellis Company (&#147;Grubb & Ellis&#148;). One of the Company&#146;s directors, Joel Simmons, had an indirect personal interest as a broker in these transactions. Mr. Simmons is an executive vice president of Grubb & Ellis. Mr. Simmons also owns a non-material amount of shares of Grubb & Ellis stock. Thomas P. D&#146;Arcy, one of the Company&#146;s independent directors, is the president, chief executive officer and a member of the board of directors of Grubb & Ellis. Mr. D&#146;Arcy did not participate in these transactions and does not have a material interest in them. No mortgage brokerage fees were paid to Grubb & Ellis during the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 
 (7) Stock Option Plan 
 
 The Company adopted the Independent Director Stock Option Plan (&#147;Plan&#148;) with the commencement of our first offering in 1994. A total of 50 shares were authorized and reserved for issuance under this Plan. Only independent directors were eligible to participate in the Plan. The Plan granted each Independent Director an option to acquire 3 shares of common stock as of the date they become a director and an additional 1 share on the date of each annual stockholders&#146; meeting. The options for the initial 3 shares granted are exercisable as follows: 1 share on the date of grant and 1 share on each of the first and second anniversaries of the date of grant. The succeeding options are exercisable on the second anniversary of the date of grant. As of December 31, 2011, options to purchase all 50 authorized shares were issued, of which 29 have been exercised and 6 were retired. The remaining options have exercise prices ranging from $10.45 to $15.62 per share. 
 
 89 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 In 2005, the Company adopted the 2005 Equity Award Plan (&#147;2005 Plan&#148;). The 2005 Plan governs grants of equity based awards to our officers, employees and directors. A total of 42 options have been issued to board members and a total of 21 have been issued to certain of the Company&#146;s executive officers as of December 31, 2011, of which one has been exercised. The outstanding options have exercise prices ranging from $6.85 to $19.96 per share. 
 
 (8) Discontinued Operations 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, the Company sold a total of ten investment properties and a portion of three investment properties. The following table summarizes the properties sold, date of sale, indebtedness repaid, approximate sales proceeds (net of closing costs), gain on sale and whether the sale qualified as part of a tax deferred exchange. 

 Property Name 

 Date of Sale 

 Indebtedness repaid 

 Sales Proceeds (net of closing costs) 

 Gain (loss) on Sale 

 Tax Deferred Exchange 

 Wisner-Milwaukee Plaza 

 January 30, 2009 

 &#151; 

 3,679 

 1,883 

 No 

 Western-Howard Plaza 

 February 10, 2009 

 &#151; 

 1,709 

 117 

 No 

 Montgomery Plaza 

 April 8, 2009 

 &#151; 

 193 

 &#151; 

 No 

 Lake Park Plaza (partial) 

 April 30, 2009 

 &#151; 

 1,618 

 8 

 No 

 Park Center Plaza (partial) 

 April 30, 2010 

 &#151; 

 829 

 521 

 No 

 Springboro Plaza 

 August 5, 2010 

 5,510 

 6,790 

 230 

 No 

 Northgate Center 

 September 1, 2010 

 6,211 

 1,726 

 (9) 

 No 

 Homewood Plaza 

 November 29, 2010 

 &#151; 

 2,375 

 1,108 

 No 

 Schaumburg Golf Road Retail 

 February 14, 2011 

 &#151; 

 2,090 

 197 

 No 

 Park Center Plaza (partial) 

 August 18, 2011 

 &#151; 

 2,977 

 358 

 No 

 Rose Plaza East & West 

 October 7, 2011 

 &#151; 

 4,899 

 895 

 No 

 Orland Park Retail 

 October 28, 2011 

 &#151; 

 920 

 59 

 No 
 
 If the Company determines that an investment property meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale, it suspends depreciation on the assets held for sale, including depreciation for tenant improvements and additions, as well as on the amortization of acquired in-place leases and customer relationship values. The assets and liabilities associated with those assets would be classified separately on the consolidated balance sheets for the most recent reporting period. As of December 31, 2011, there were no properties classified as held for sale. 
 
 On the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company has recorded $260 and $264, respectively of assets related to discontinued operations and $66 and $38, respectively of liabilities related to discontinued operations. These amounts are reflected as a component of other assets and other liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, the Company has recorded income from discontinued operations of $1,944, $1,838 and $3,173, respectively, including gains on sale of $1,510, $1,490 and $2,009, respectively. The Company does not disclose a detailed breakout of discontinued operations as the results are not material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 (9) Operating Leases 
 
 Minimum lease payments under operating leases to be received in the future, excluding rental income under master lease agreements and assuming no expiring leases are renewed are as follows: 

 2012 

 $ 
 
 98,997 

 2013 

 90,119 

 2014 

 77,130 

 2015 

 65,454 

 2016 

 54,132 

 Thereafter 

 185,554 

 Total 

 $ 
 
 571,386 

 90 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 Pursuant to the lease agreements, tenants of the property are required to reimburse the Company for some or all of the particular tenant&#146;s pro rata share of the real estate taxes and operating expenses of the property. Such amounts are not included in the future minimum lease payments above, but are included in tenant recoveries on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 Certain tenant leases contain provisions providing for &#147;stepped&#148; rent increases. U.S. GAAP requires the Company to record rental income for the period of occupancy using the effective monthly rent, which is the average monthly rent for the entire period of occupancy during the term of the lease. The accompanying consolidated financial statements include increases of $1,562 and $1,579 and a decrease of $732 for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively, of rental income for the period of occupancy for which stepped rent increases apply and $19,633 and $18,071 in related accounts receivable as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The Company anticipates collecting these amounts over the terms of the leases as scheduled rent payments are made. 
 
 (10) Income Taxes 
 
 The Company is qualified and has elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (&#147;the Code&#148;), for federal income tax purposes commencing with the tax year ended December 31, 1995. Since the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company generally is not subject to federal income tax on taxable income that is distributed to stockholders. A REIT is subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that it distribute at least 90% of its taxable income to stockholders, subject to certain adjustments. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, without the benefit of certain relief provisions, the Company will be subject to federal and state income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate tax rates. Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company may be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income, property or net worth and federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed income. 
 
 The Company engages in certain activities through Inland Venture Corporation (&#147;IVC&#148;) and IEVC, wholly-owned TRS entities. These entities engage in activities that would otherwise produce income that would not be REIT qualifying income. The TRS entities are subject to federal and state income and franchise taxes from these activities. 
 
 The Company had no uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2011. The Company expects no significant increases or decreases in uncertain tax positions due to changes in tax positions within one year of December 31, 2011. The Company has no material interest or penalties relating to income taxes recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 or in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2011 and 2010. As of December 31, 2011, returns for the calendar years 2007 through 2010 remain subject to examination by U.S. and various state and local tax jurisdictions. 
 
 Income taxes have been provided for on the asset and liability method, as required by existing guidance. Under the asset and liability method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. 
 
 91 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 IVC and IEVC&#146;s benefit (expense) provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 is summarized as follows: 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Current: 

 Federal 

 $ 
 
 (753 
 
 ) 
 
 (553 
 
 ) 
 
 (608 
 
 ) 

 State 

 (191 
 
 ) 
 
 (212 
 
 ) 
 
 (136 
 
 ) 

 Deferred: 

 Federal 

 2,179 

 3,437 

 3,891 

 State 

 696 

 1,348 

 898 

 Valuation Allowance 

 (1,299 
 
 ) 
 
 (4,739 
 
 ) 
 
 (3,532 
 
 ) 

 Total income tax benefit (expense) 

 $ 
 
 632 

 (719 
 
 ) 
 
 513 

 The actual income tax expense of IVC and IEVC for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 differs from the &#147;expected&#148; income tax expense (computed by applying the appropriate U.S. Federal income tax rate to earnings before income taxes) as a result of the following: 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Computed &#147;expected&#148; income tax expense (34%) 

 $ 
 
 1,437 

 3,307 

 3,636 

 State income taxes, net Federal income tax effect 

 344 

 858 

 516 

 Prior period deferred adjustment 

 &#151; 

 (117 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Permanent differences 

 150 

 (44 
 
 ) 
 
 (107 
 
 ) 

 Change in valuation allowance 

 (1,299 
 
 ) 
 
 (4,739 
 
 ) 
 
 (3,532 
 
 ) 

 Other 

 &#151; 

 16 

 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 632 

 (719 
 
 ) 
 
 513 

 92 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 The components of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relating to IVC and IEVC at December 31, 2011 and 2010 were as follows: 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 Deferred Tax Assets 

 Building and improvements, principally due to differences in depreciation 

 $ 
 
 123 

 65 

 Deferred interest expense 

 421 

 421 

 Amortization of organization costs 

 20 

 22 

 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures and amortization of basis differences 

 21 

 16 

 Asset impairments 

 13,237 

 10,389 

 Capitalized real estate taxes 

 154 

 12 

 Capitalized interest 

 352 

 351 

 Gross deferred tax assets 

 14,328 

 11,276 

 Valuation allowance 

 (9,570 
 
 ) 
 
 (8,271 
 
 ) 

 Total deferred tax assets 

 $ 
 
 4,758 

 3,005 

 Deferred Tax Liabilities 

 Straight-line rent 

 1 

 40 

 Investment in joint ventures 

 794 

 538 

 Depreciation 

 &#151; 

 40 

 Total deferred tax liabilities 

 $ 
 
 795 

 618 

 Net deferred tax assets 

 $ 
 
 3,963 

 2,387 

 The Company estimated its income tax expense relating to IVC and IEVC using a combined federal and state rate of approximately 40% for the tax years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 and 39% for the tax year ended December 31, 2009. 
 
 Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is more likely than not that they will be realized based on consideration of available evidence, including future reversal of existing taxable temporary difference, future projected taxable income and tax planning strategies. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. The Company has considered various factors, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. The Company recorded $9,570, $8,271 and $3,532 as a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. The balance of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are included in other assets and other liabilities, respectively, on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 93 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 (11) Distributions 
 
 For federal income tax purposes, distributions may consist of ordinary dividend income, non-taxable return of capital, capital gains or a combination thereof. Distributions to the extent of the Company&#146;s current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes are taxable to the recipient as either ordinary dividend income or capital gain distributions. Distributions in excess of these earnings and profits (calculated for income tax purposes) will constitute a non-taxable return of capital rather than ordinary dividend income or a capital gain distribution and will reduce the recipient&#146;s basis in the shares to the extent thereof, and thereafter will constitute taxable gain. Distributions in excess of earnings and profits that reduce a recipient&#146;s basis in the shares have the effect of deferring taxation of the amount of the distribution until the sale of the stockholder&#146;s shares. 
 
 In order to maintain the Company&#146;s status as a REIT, the Company must distribute at least 90% of its taxable income, subject to certain adjustments, to its stockholders. For the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company&#146;s taxable income was $29,570 and $32,544, respectively. The Company declared distributions to its common stockholders totaling $50,589 and $49,008 or $0.57 on an annual basis per share for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Future distributions are determined by the Company&#146;s board of directors. The Company expects to continue paying distributions to maintain its status as a REIT. The Company annually notifies its stockholders of the taxability of distributions paid during the preceding year. The following table sets forth the taxability of distributions on common shares, on a per share basis, paid in 2011 and 2010: 

 2011 (a) 

 2010 (b) 

 Ordinary income 

 $ 
 
 0.332 

 0.391 

 Non-taxable return of capital 

 0.238 

 0.179 

 Qualified Dividends (c) 

 0.016 

 0.008 

 (a) The December distribution declared on December 19, 2011, with a record date of January 3, 2012 and a payment date of January 17, 2012, is reportable for tax purposes in 2012 and is not reflected in the 2011 allocation. 
 (b) The December distribution declared on December 17, 2010, with a record date of December 31, 2010 and payment date of January 18, 2011, is reportable for tax purposes in 2011 and is not reflected in the 2010 allocation. 
 (c) Represents additional characterization of amounts included in Ordinary income 
 
 Holders of our Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when and as authorized by the Board of Directors, cumulative preferential cash distributions based on the stated rate and liquidation preference per annum. The Company declared $948, or $0.38 per share, during the year ended December 31, 2011. The following table sets forth the taxability of distributions on preferred shares, on a per share basis, paid in 2011: 

 2011 (a) 

 Ordinary income 

 $ 
 
 0.389 

 Qualified dividends (b) 

 0.019 

 (a) The December distribution declared on December 15, 2011, with a record date of January 1, 2012 and a payment date of January 17, 2012, is reportable for tax purposes in 2012 and is not reflected in the 2011 allocation. 
 (b) Represents additional characterization of amounts included in Ordinary income 
 
 94 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 (12) Secured and Unsecured Debt 
 
 The following table presents the principal amount of total debt maturing each year, including monthly annual amortization of principal, based on debt outstanding at December 31, 2011: 

 2012 (a) 

 2013 

 2014 

 2015 

 2016 

 Thereafter 

 Total 

 Fair Value (b) 

 Fixed rate debt 

 $ 
 
 35,871 

 3,963 

 163,746 
 
 (c) (d) 
 
 20,564 

 1,262 

 140,247 

 365,653 

 380,456 

 Weighted average interest rate 

 5.22 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 5.27 
 
 % 
 
 6.50 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 5.67 
 
 % 
 
 5.49 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 Variable rate debt 

 $ 
 
 33,764 
 
 (e) 
 
 14,800 
 
 (f) 
 
 236,200 
 
 (g) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 50,000 
 
 (h) 
 
 334,764 

 317,737 

 Weighted average interest rate 

 4.38 
 
 % 
 
 3.24 
 
 % 
 
 2.75 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 3.50 

 3.05 
 
 % 
 
 &#151; 

 (a) Approximately $66,700 of the Company&#146;s mortgages payable mature during 2012. The Company will soon be in discussions with the lenders to refinance the maturing debt or will use available cash and / or borrowings under its unsecured line of credit facility to repay this debt. 
 (b) The fair value of debt is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. The Company estimates the fair value of its debt by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument at rates currently offered to the Company for similar debt instruments of comparable maturities by its lenders (Level 3). 
 (c) Included in the debt maturing in 2014 are the Company&#146;s convertible notes issued during 2010, which mature in 2029. They are included in 2014 because that is the earliest date these notes can be redeemed or the note holders can require the Company to repurchase their notes. The total for convertible notes above reflects the total principal amount outstanding, in the amount of $29,215. The consolidated balance sheets reflect the value of the notes including the remaining unamortized discount of $1,352. 
 (d) The Company has agreed through a guaranty and a separate indemnification agreement to be liable upon a default under the Algonquin Commons mortgage loan documents. The maturing debt includes the Company&#146;s total potential liability under the guaranty and the indemnity agreement, which is approximately $18,800. 
 (e) The Company has guaranteed a mortgage for $2,700, included in the maturing debt and would be required to make a payment on this guarantee upon the default of any of the provisions in the loan document, unless the default is otherwise waived. 
 (f) The Company has guaranteed approximately $7,400 of this mortgage and would be required to make a payment on this guarantee upon the default of any of the provision in the loan document, unless the default is otherwise waived. 
 (g) Included in the debt maturing during 2014 are the Company&#146;s unsecured line of credit facility and $150,000 term loan, totaling $230,000. After the amendments completed in June 2011, the Company pays interest only during the term of these facilities at a variable rate equal to a spread over LIBOR, in effect at the time of the borrowing, which fluctuates with the Company&#146;s leverage ratio. As of December 31, 2011, the weighted average interest rate on outstanding draws on the line of credit facility was 2.81%, and the interest rate on the term loan was 2.81%. These credit facilities require compliance with certain covenants, such as debt service ratios, minimum net worth requirements, distribution limitations and investment restrictions. As of December 31, 2011, the Company was in compliance with these financial covenants. 
 (h) Included in the thereafter column is the Company&#146;s $50,000 term loan which matures in November 2018. The Company pays interest only during the term of this loan at a variable rate, with an interest rate floor of 3.5%. This term loan requires compliance with certain covenants, such as debt service ratios, minimum net worth requirements, distribution limitations and investment restrictions. As of December 31, 2011, the Company was in compliance with these financial covenants. 
 
 Mortgages Payable 
 
 The Company&#146;s mortgages payable are secured by certain of the Company&#146;s investment properties. Mortgage loans outstanding as of December 31, 2011 were $391,202 and had a weighted average interest rate of 5.27%. Of this amount, $336,437 had fixed rates ranging from 4.85% to 7.65% and a weighted average fixed rate of 5.54% as of December 31, 2011. The remaining $54,765 of mortgage debt represented variable rate loans with a weighted average interest rate of 3.63% as of December 31, 2011. As of December 31, 2011, scheduled maturities for the Company&#146;s outstanding mortgage indebtedness had various due dates through January 2022. The majority of the Company&#146;s mortgage loans require monthly payments of interest only, although some loans require principal and interest payments, as well as reserves for taxes, insurance and certain other costs. 
 
 95 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 
 Risk Management Objective of Using Derivatives 
 
 The Company is exposed to certain risks arising from both its business operations and economic conditions. The Company principally manages its exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Company manages economic risk, including interest rate, liquidity and credit risk primarily by managing the amount, sources, and duration of its debt funding and, to a limited extent, the use of derivative instruments. 
 
 Specifically, the Company has entered into derivative instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest rates. The Company&#146;s derivative instruments, described below, are used to manage differences in the amount, timing, and duration of the Company&#146;s known or expected cash payments principally related to certain of the Company&#146;s borrowings. 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
 
 The Company&#146;s objective in using interest rate derivatives is to manage exposure to interest rate movements and add stability to interest expense. To accomplish this objective, the Company uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. 
 
 The Company currently utilizes one interest rate swap to hedge the variable cash flows associated with variable-rate debt. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in other comprehensive income (expense) and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings. The Company has entered into one interest rate swap contract as a requirement under a secured mortgage and the hedging relationship is considered to be perfectly effective as of December 31, 2011. 
 
 Amounts reported in other comprehensive income (expense) related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company&#146;s variable-rate debt. The Company estimates that an additional $1,846 will be reclassified from other comprehensive income (expense) as an increase to interest expense over the next twelve months. 
 
 As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company had the following outstanding interest rate derivative that is designated as a cash flow hedge of interest rate risk: 

 Interest Rate Derivative 

 Notional 

 Interest Rate Swap 

 $ 
 
 60,000 

 96 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 The table below presents the fair value of the Company&#146;s derivative financial instrument as well as its classification on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2011 and 2010. 

 Liability Derivatives As of December 31, 2011 

 Liability Derivatives As of December 31, 2010 

 Balance Sheet Location 

 Fair Value 

 Balance Sheet Location 

 Fair Value 

 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: 

 Interest rate swaps 

 Other liabilities 

 $ 
 
 8,396 

 Other liabilities 

 $ 
 
 2,092 

 The table below presents the effect of the Company&#146;s derivative financial instruments on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. The Company had no derivative instruments outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2009. 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 Amount of loss recognized in OCI on derivative 

 $ 
 
 (8,369 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,093 
 
 ) 

 Amount of loss reclassified from accumulated OCI into interest expense 

 2,065 

 62 

 Unrealized loss on derivatives 

 $ 
 
 (6,304 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,031 
 
 ) 
 
 Credit-risk-related Contingent Features 
 
 Derivative financial investments expose the Company to credit risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties under the terms of the interest rate hedge agreements. The Company believes it minimizes the credit risk by transacting with major creditworthy financial institutions. 
 
 The Company has an agreement with its derivative counterparty that contains a provision which provides that if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Company could also be declared in default on its derivative obligation. 
 
 As of December 31, 2011, the fair value of derivatives in a liability position related to these agreements was $8,396. If the Company breached any of the contractual provisions of the derivative contracts, it would be required to settle its obligations under the agreements at their termination value of $9,447. 
 
 Unsecured Credit Facilities 
 
 On June 24, 2010, the Company entered into an amended and restated term loan agreement and completed a fourth amendment to its line of credit facility, together, the &#147;Credit Agreements.&#148; Under the term loan agreement, the Company borrowed, on an unsecured basis, $150,000. The aggregate commitment of the Company&#146;s line is $250,000, which includes a $100,000 accordion feature. The access to the accordion feature is at the discretion of the current lending group. If approved, the terms for the funds borrowed under the accordion feature would be current market terms and not the terms of the existing line of credit facility. The lending group is not obligated to approve access to the additional funds. 
 
 Obligations under this amendment were scheduled to mature on June 21, 2013. Borrowings under the Credit Agreements bore interest at a variable rate equal to either 300 basis points over LIBOR, with a floor of 150 basis points, or 200 basis points over the alternate base rate. In conjunction with this amendment, the Company paid approximately $4,400 in fees and costs. 
 
 97 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 On March 11, 2011, the Company entered into amendments to the Credit Agreements to remove the limit on the lowest base interest rate for borrowings, or the &#147;floor&#148; rate. Borrowings under the amended credit agreements bear interest at a variable rate equal to either 325 basis points over LIBOR or 225 basis points over the alternate base rate. In conjunction with these amendments, the Company paid approximately $750 in fees and costs. 
 
 On June 23, 2011, the Company entered into amendments to the Credit Agreements to, among other things, (1) extend the maturity date of the credit agreements by one year to June 21, 2014; (2) reduce the spread between the interest rate on Company borrowings and the base rate applicable to any particular borrowing (e.g., LIBOR) to a graduated rate that varies with the Company&#146;s leverage ratio; (3) reduce the percentage used to generate the fee to be paid by the Company for unused capacity on the line of credit facility; (4) remove the Company&#146;s one-time right to increase the leverage ratio from 0.60 to 0.65 for two consecutive quarters; and (5) lower the capitalization rate and implied debt service rate, which will result in certain loan covenants becoming more favorable to the Company. In conjunction with these amendments, the Company paid approximately $1,350 in fees and costs. 
 
 The Company pays interest only, on a monthly basis during the term of the Credit Agreements, with all outstanding principal and unpaid interest due upon termination of the Credit Agreements. The Company is also required to pay, on a quarterly basis, an amount less than 1% per annum on the average daily funds remaining under this line. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the outstanding balance on the line of credit facility was $80,000 and $45,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had up to $70,000 available under its line of credit facility, not including the accordion feature. Availability under the line of credit facility may be limited due to covenant compliance requirements in the Credit Agreements. 
 
 On November 15, 2011, the Company entered into an unsecured loan agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as lender pursuant to which the company received $50,000 of loan proceeds. The loan matures on November 15, 2018. The Company pays interest only, on a monthly basis, with all outstanding principal and unpaid interest due upon the maturity date. The loan will accrue interest at an effective rate calculated in accordance with the loan documents, provided, however, that in no event will the interest rate on the outstanding principal balance be less than 3.5% per annum. The Company may not prepay the loan in whole or in part prior to November 15, 2014. On or after that date, the Company may prepay the loan in its entirety or in part, together with all interest accrued and may incur a prepayment penalty in conjunction with such prepayment. In conjunction with this loan, the Company paid approximately $500 in fees and costs. 
 
 Convertible Notes 
 
 On November 13, 2006, the Company issued $180,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.625% convertible senior notes due 2026 (&#147;Old Notes&#148;). During the year ended December 31, 2010, the Company repurchased $15,000 of these notes at their face value and exchanged notes with a face value of $29,215 for new 5.0% convertible senior notes due 2029 (&#147;New Notes&#148;). During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company repurchased the outstanding Old Notes pursuant to their terms. As of December 31, 2011, a total of $29,215 in principal face amount of New Notes remained outstanding. 
 
 98 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually. The New Notes mature on November 15, 2029 unless repurchased, redeemed or converted in accordance with their terms prior to that date. The earliest date holders of the New Notes may require the Company to repurchase their notes in whole or in part was November 15, 2014. Prior to November 21, 2014, the Company may not redeem the New Notes prior to the date on which they mature except to the extent necessary to preserve its status as a REIT. However, on or after November 21, 2014, the Company may redeem the New Notes, in whole or in part, subject to the redemption terms in the note. Following the occurrence of certain change in control transactions, the Company may be required to repurchase the New Notes in whole or in part for cash at 100% of the principal amount of the New Notes to be repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 Holders of the New Notes may convert their notes into cash or a combination of cash and common stock, at the Company&#146;s option, at any time on or after October 15, 2029, but prior to the close of business on the second business day immediately preceding November 15, 2029, and also following the occurrence of certain events. Subject to certain exceptions, upon a conversion of New Notes the Company will deliver cash and shares of its common stock, if any, based on a daily conversion value calculated on a proportionate basis for each trading day of the relevant 30 day trading period. The conversion rate as of December 31, 2011, for each $1 principal amount of New Notes was 102.8807 shares of our common stock, subject to adjustment under certain circumstances. This is equivalent to a conversion price of approximately $9.72 per share of common stock. 
 
 At December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company has recorded $183 and $650 of accrued interest related to the convertible notes, respectively. This amount is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the Company&#146;s consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The Company accounts for its convertible notes by separately accounting for the debt and equity components of the notes. The value assigned to the debt component is the estimated fair value of a similar bond without the conversion feature, which results in the debt being recorded at a discount. The debt is subsequently accreted to its par value over the conversion period with a rate of interest being reflected in earnings that reflects the market rate at issuance. The Company initially recorded $9,412 to additional paid in capital on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, to reflect the equity portion of the convertible notes. The debt component is recorded at its fair value, which reflects an unamortized debt discount. The following table sets forth the net carrying values of the debt and equity components included in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2011 and 2010. 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 Equity Component (a) 

 $ 
 
 9,321 

 9,279 

 Debt Component 

 $ 
 
 29,215 

 110,000 

 Unamortized Discount (b) 

 (1,352 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,640 
 
 ) 

 Net Carrying Value 

 $ 
 
 27,863 

 107,360 

 (a) The equity component is net of unamortized equity issuance costs of $91 and $133 at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. 
 (b) The unamortized discount was amortized into interest expense on a monthly basis through November 2011 for the Old Notes and will be amortized into interest expense on a monthly basis through November 2014 for the New Notes. 
 
 99 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 Total interest expense related to the convertible notes for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 was calculated as follows: 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 December 31, 2009 

 Interest expense at coupon rate 

 $ 
 
 4,725 

 5,554 

 6,457 

 Discount amortization 

 1,288 

 1,426 

 1,422 

 Total interest expense (a) 

 $ 
 
 6,013 

 6,980 

 7,879 

 (a) The effective interest rate of the Old Notes was 5.875% and the effective interest rate of the New Notes is 7.0%, which is the rate at which a similar instrument without the conversion feature could have been obtained in November 2006 and August 2010, respectively. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company identified and corrected for an immaterial error related to the accounting for convertible note extinguishments that occurred in 2010, 2009 and 2008. The Company had incorrectly reduced the carrying amount of the debt extinguished by its fair value rather than its face value at the date of extinguishment. The adjustment resulted in an increase to accumulated distributions in excess of net income and a decrease to convertible notes by approximately $3,005 to correct this immaterial error on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2010. The adjustment also increased gain on extinguishment of debt by approximately $1,481 in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income for the year ended December 31, 2010 and will increase gain on extinguishment of debt by approximately $998 and $526 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 
 
 (13) Earnings per Share 
 
 Basic earnings (loss) per share (&#147;EPS&#148;) is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period (the &#147;common shares&#148;). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the common shares plus shares issuable upon exercise of existing options or other contracts. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, options to purchase 77 and 71 shares of common stock, respectively, at exercise prices ranging from $6.85 to $19.96 per share were outstanding. These options were not included in the computation of basic or diluted EPS as the effect would be immaterial or anti-dilutive. Convertible notes are included in the computation of diluted EPS using the if-converted method, to the extent the impact of conversion is dilutive. 
 
 As of December 31, 2011, 192 shares of common stock issued pursuant to employment agreements were outstanding, of which 99 have vested. Additionally, the Company issued 69 shares pursuant to employment incentives of which 42 have vested and six have been cancelled. The unvested shares are excluded from the computation of basic EPS but reflected in diluted EPS by application of the treasury stock method unless the effect would be immaterial or anti-dilutive. 
 
 The following is reconciliation between weighted average shares used in the basic and diluted EPS calculations, excluding amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests: 
 
 100 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 

 Year ended December 31, 2011 

 Year ended December 31, 2010 

 Year ended December 31, 2009 

 Numerator: 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations 

 $ 
 
 (8,998 
 
 ) 
 
 (314 
 
 ) 
 
 6,453 

 Income from discontinued operations 

 1,944 

 1,838 

 3,173 

 Net income (loss) 

 (7,054 
 
 ) 
 
 1,524 

 9,626 

 Net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest 

 (130 
 
 ) 
 
 (306 
 
 ) 
 
 (417 
 
 ) 

 Net income (loss) attributable to Inland Real Estate Corporation 

 (7,184 
 
 ) 
 
 1,218 

 9,209 

 Dividends on preferred shares 

 (948 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

 $ 
 
 (8,132 
 
 ) 
 
 1,218 

 9,209 

 Denominator: 

 Denominator for net income (loss) per common share &#151; basic: 

 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

 88,530 

 85,951 

 78,441 

 Effect of dilutive securities: 

 Unvested restricted shares 

 &#151; 
 
 (a) 
 
 &#151; 
 
 (a) 
 
 63 
 
 (b) 

 Denominator for net income (loss) per common share &#151; diluted: 

 Weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding 

 88,530 

 85,951 

 78,504 

 (a) Unvested restricted shares of common stock, the effect of which would be anti-dilutive, were 103 and 85 as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. These shares were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because a loss from continuing operations was reported. 
 (b) Unvested restricted shares of common stock have a dilutive impact, although it is not material to the periods presented. 
 
 In November 2009, the Company entered into a three-year Sales Agency Agreement with BMO Capital Markets Corp. (&#147;BMO&#148;) to offer and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering amount of up to $100 million from time to time through BMO, acting as sales agent. Offers and sales of shares of its common stock, if any, may be made in privately negotiated transactions (if the Company and BMO have so agreed in writing) or by any other method deemed to be an &#147;at the market&#148; offering as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act, including sales made directly on the New York Stock Exchange or to or through a market maker. The Company has referred to this arrangement with BMO in this report on Form 10-K as its ATM issuance program. As of December 31, 2011, the Company has issued an aggregate of approximately 3,816 shares of its common stock pursuant to the ATM issuance program, since inception. The Company received net proceeds of approximately $31,691 from the issuance of these shares, which reflects approximately $32,504 in gross proceeds, offset by approximately $813 in commissions and fees. The Company may use the proceeds for general corporate purposes, which may include repayment of mortgage indebtedness secured by its properties, acquiring real property through wholly-owned subsidiaries or through the Company&#146;s investment in one or more joint venture entities or repaying amounts outstanding on the unsecured line of credit facility, among other things. As of December 31, 2011, approximately $67,496 remains available for sale under this issuance program. 
 
 In May 2009, the Company completed an equity offering of approximately 17,135 common shares at a price of $6.50 per share. Net of underwriting fees, the offering provided net proceeds to the Company of approximately $106,400, excluding offering costs. 
 
 (14) Deferred Stock Compensation 
 
 The Company has agreed to issue common stock to certain officers of the Company pursuant to employment agreements entered into with these officers and employment incentives. As of December 31, 2011, the Company has issued the following shares, net of cancelled shares: 
 
 101 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 

 Fiscal year shares issued 

 Shares issued pursuant to employment agreements 

 Shares issued pursuant to employment incentives 

 Average share price on the date of issuance 

 Aggregate value of shares issued pursuant to employment agreements 

 Aggregate value of shares issued pursuant to employment incentives 

 Deferred stock compensation 

 Prior to 2004 

 5 

 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 11.00 

 $ 
 
 60 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 2004 

 32 

 14 

 12.93 

 411 

 184 

 &#151; 

 2005 

 19 

 10 

 15.18 

 290 

 147 

 &#151; 

 2006 

 8 

 7 

 16.01 

 129 

 108 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 5 

 5 

 17.36 

 92 

 81 

 8 

 2008 

 13 

 5 

 14.45 

 186 

 74 

 22 

 2009 

 41 

 8 

 7.83 

 322 

 63 

 96 

 2010 

 28 

 4 

 8.41 

 235 

 40 

 146 

 2011 

 41 

 10 

 8.76 

 357 

 83 

 312 

 192 

 63 

 $ 
 
 2,082 

 $ 
 
 780 

 $ 
 
 584 

 The share price of the issued shares is determined by averaging the high and low selling price on the date of issue, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange. Prior to 2004, the share value was determined to be equal to the last price at which the Company sold shares, prior to its listing on the New York Stock Exchange. Each officer vests an equal portion of shares over a five-year vesting period, beginning one year from the date of issuance of the award. The officers may receive additional restricted shares of the Company&#146;s common stock, which are also subject to a five-year vesting period. The number of these shares is to be determined based upon the future performance of the Company. Salary expense of $397, $353 and $400 were recorded in connection with the vesting of these shares, for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 
 
 (15) Segment Reporting 
 
 Guidance regarding the disclosures about segments of an enterprise and related information requires disclosure of certain operating and financial data with respect to separate business activities within an enterprise. The Company owns and acquires well located open air retail centers. The Company currently owns investment properties located in the States of Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, New Mexico, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Washington and Wisconsin. These properties are typically anchored by grocery and drug stores, complemented with additional stores providing a wide range of other goods and services. 
 
 The Company assesses and measures operating results on an individual property basis for each of its investment properties based on property net operating income. Management internally evaluates the operating performance of the properties as a whole and does not differentiate properties by geography, size or type. The Company aggregates its properties into one reportable segment since all properties are open air retail centers. Accordingly, the Company has concluded that is has a single reportable segment. 
 
 (16) Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 The Company is subject, from time to time, to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. While the resolution of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes, based on currently available information, that the final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the financial statements of the Company. 
 
 102 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 (17) Subsequent Events 
 
 On January 17, 2012, the Company paid a cash distribution of $0.169271 per share on the outstanding shares of its preferred stock to stockholders of record at the close of business on January 1, 2012. 
 
 On January 17, 2012, the Company announced that it had declared a cash distribution of $0.169271 per share on the outstanding shares of its preferred stock. This distribution was payable on February 15, 2012 to the stockholders of record at the close of business on February 1, 2012. 
 
 On January 17, 2012, the Company paid a cash distribution of $0.0475 per share on the outstanding shares of its common stock to stockholders of record at the close of business on January 3, 2012. 
 
 On January 18, 2012, the Company announced that it had declared a cash distribution of $0.0475 per share on the outstanding shares of its common stock. This distribution was payable on February 17, 2012 to the stockholders of record at the close of business on January 31, 2012. 
 
 On February 15, 2012, the Company paid a cash distribution of $0.169271 per share on the outstanding shares of its preferred stock to stockholders of record at the close of business on February 1, 2012. 
 
 On February 15, 2012, the Company announced that it had declared a cash distribution of $0.169271 per share on the outstanding shares of its preferred stock. This distribution is payable on March 15, 2012 to the stockholders of record at the close of business on March 1, 2012 
 
 On February 17, 2012, the Company paid a cash distribution of $0.0475 per share on the outstanding shares of its common stock to stockholders of record at the close of business on January 31, 2012. 
 
 On February 17, 2012, the Company announced that it had declared a cash distribution of $0.0475 per share on the outstanding shares of its common stock. This distribution is payable on March 19, 2012 to the stockholders of record at the close of business on February 29, 2012. 
 
 On February 21, 2012, the Company contributed Riverdale Commons, Riverdale Commons Outlot, Michael&#146;s and Home Goods, all located in Coon Rapids, Minnesota to its joint venture with PGGM. Upon contribution, these four investment properties will be reported as a single property. The gross contribution value was $31,970. 
 
 On February 24, 2012, the Company&#146;s joint venture with PGGM purchased Silver Lake Village from an unaffiliated third party for $36,300. The property is located in St. Anthony, Minnesota and contains 159,303 square feet of leasable area. In conjunction with the acquisition, the PGGM joint venture assumed a first mortgage loan in the amount of $20,000. 
 
 On February 24, 2012, the Company purchased Woodbury Commons from an unaffiliated third party for $10,300. The property is located in Woodbury, Minnesota and contains 116,197 square feet of leasable area. The Company intends to contribute this property to its joint venture with PGGM during the first half of 2012. 
 
 Our employment agreements with our executive officers expired on December 31, 2011. Our executive officers continue to serve at the discretion of our board of directors. We are currently negotiating and intend to sign new employment agreements with our executive officers during the first half of 2012. 
 
 103 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2011 
 
 (20) Quarterly Operating Results (unaudited) 
 
 The following represents results of operations for the quarters during the years 2011 and 2010 

 December 31, 2011 

 September 30, 2011 

 June 30, 2011 

 March 31, 2011 

 Total revenue 

 $ 
 
 35,997 

 42,808 

 42,737 

 45,684 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations 

 (153 
 
 ) 
 
 2,290 

 (10,293 
 
 ) 
 
 (842 
 
 ) 

 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

 194 

 2,653 

 (10,318 
 
 ) 
 
 (661 
 
 ) 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations per common share, basic and diluted 

 (0.01 
 
 ) 
 
 0.03 

 (0.12 
 
 ) 
 
 (0.01 
 
 ) 

 Net income (loss) per common share, basic and diluted 

 0.01 

 0.03 

 (0.12 
 
 ) 
 
 (0.01 
 
 ) 

 December 31, 2010 

 September 30, 2010 

 June 30, 2010 

 March 31, 2010 

 Total revenue 

 $ 
 
 42,581 

 41,080 

 39,611 

 41,901 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations 

 2,556 

 7,377 

 (7,508 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,739 
 
 ) 

 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

 4,018 

 6,868 

 (6,936 
 
 ) 
 
 (2,732 
 
 ) 

 Income (loss) from continuing operations per common share, basic and diluted 

 0.02 

 0.09 

 (0.09 
 
 ) 
 
 (0.03 
 
 ) 

 Net income (loss) per common share, basic and diluted 

 0.04 

 0.08 

 (0.08 
 
 ) 
 
 (0.03 
 
 ) 

 104 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Schedule III 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost 

 Gross amount at which carried 

 (A) 

 at end of period (B) 

 Encumbrance (C) 

 Land 

 Buildings and improvements 

 Adjustments To Basis (D) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and improvements 

 Total (E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (F) 

 Date Constructed 

 Date Acq 

 Single-user Retail 

 Bally&#146;s Total Fitness St. Paul, MN 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 1,298 

 4,612 

 125 

 1,298 

 4,737 

 6,035 

 2,257 

 1998 

 09/99 

 Carmax Schaumburg, IL 

 &#151; 

 7,142 

 13,460 

 1 

 7,142 

 13,461 

 20,603 

 5,871 

 1998 

 12/98 

 Carmax Tinley Park, IL 

 9,710 

 6,789 

 12,112 

 5 

 6,789 

 12,117 

 18,906 

 5,284 

 1998 

 12/98 

 Cub Foods Buffalo Grove, IL 

 3,903 

 1,426 

 5,925 

 4 

 1,426 

 5,929 

 7,355 

 2,774 

 1999 

 06/99 

 Cub Foods Hutchinson, MN 

 &#151; 

 875 

 4,589 

 (68 
 
 ) 
 
 875 

 4,521 

 5,396 

 1,507 

 1999 

 01/03 

 Cub Foods Indianapolis, IN 

 &#151; 

 2,183 

 3,561 

 (3,869 
 
 ) 
 
 1,058 

 817 

 1,875 

 7 

 1991 

 03/99 

 Disney Celebration, FL 

 &#151; 

 2,175 

 25,354 

 13 

 2,175 

 25,367 

 27,542 

 7,904 

 1995 

 07/02 

 Dominick&#146;s Countryside, IL 

 1,504 

 1,375 

 925 

 &#151; 

 1,375 

 925 

 2,300 

 512 

 1975 

 12/97 

 Dominick&#146;s Schaumburg, IL 

 6,835 

 2,294 

 8,393 

 2 

 2,294 

 8,395 

 10,689 

 4,081 

 1996 

 05/97 

 Food 4 Less Hammond, IN 

 2,711 

 825 

 8,026 

 &#151; 

 825 

 8,026 

 8,851 

 3,661 

 1999 

 05/99 

 Glendale Heights Retail Glendale Heights, IL 

 &#151; 

 1,265 

 6,943 

 9 

 1,265 

 6,952 

 8,217 

 3,535 

 1997 

 09/97 

 Grand Traverse Crossing Traverse City, MI 

 &#151; 

 1,123 

 1,779 

 (1,731 
 
 ) 
 
 613 

 558 

 1,171 

 3 

 1998 

 01/99 

 Home Goods Coon Rapids, MN 

 &#151; 

 915 

 3,768 

 (396 
 
 ) 
 
 915 

 3,372 

 4,287 

 719 

 2005 

 10/05 

 Michael&#146;s Coon Rapids, MN 

 &#151; 

 877 

 1,967 

 (30 
 
 ) 
 
 877 

 1,937 

 2,814 

 612 

 2001 

 07/02 

 PetsMart Gurnee, IL 

 2,170 

 915 

 2,389 

 &#151; 

 915 

 2,389 

 3,304 

 849 

 1997 

 04/01 

 Pick &#145;N Save Waupaca, WI 

 4,250 

 1,196 

 6,942 

 (922 
 
 ) 
 
 1,196 

 6,020 

 7,216 

 1,208 

 2002 

 03/06 

 Rite-Aid Chattanooga, TN 

 &#151; 

 1,023 

 1,365 

 (19 
 
 ) 
 
 1,023 

 1,346 

 2,369 

 492 

 1999 

 05/02 

 Riverdale Commons Outlot Coon Rapids, MN 

 &#151; 

 545 

 603 

 3 

 545 

 606 

 1,151 

 332 

 1999 

 03/00 

 Roundy&#146;s Menomonee Falls, WI 

 10,300 

 4,875 

 15,848 

 (2,408 
 
 ) 
 
 4,875 

 13,440 

 18,315 

 507 

 2010 

 11/10 

 Staples Freeport, IL 

 &#151; 

 725 

 1,970 

 &#151; 

 725 

 1,970 

 2,695 

 1,009 

 1998 

 12/98 

 Verizon Joliet, IL 

 &#151; 

 170 

 883 

 3 

 170 

 886 

 1,056 

 434 

 1995 

 05/97 

 Walgreens Jennings, MO 

 &#151; 

 666 

 1,748 

 298 

 666 

 2,046 

 2,712 

 625 

 1996 

 10/02 

 105 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Schedule III (continued) 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost 

 Gross amount at which carried 

 (A) 

 at end of period (B) 

 Encumbrance (C) 

 Land 

 Buildings and improvements 

 Adjustments To Basis (D) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and improvements 

 Total (E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (F) 

 Date Constructed 

 Date Acq 

 Neighborhood Retail Centers 

 22 nd Street Plaza Outlot Oak Brook, IL 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 750 

 1,230 

 507 

 750 

 1,737 

 2,487 

 824 

 1985 

 11/97 

 Aurora Commons Aurora, IL 

 6,443 

 3,220 

 8,284 

 763 

 3,220 

 9,047 

 12,267 

 4,899 

 1988 

 01/97 

 Berwyn Plaza Berwyn, IL 

 &#151; 

 769 

 1,078 

 282 

 769 

 1,360 

 2,129 

 524 

 1983 

 05/98 

 Big Lake Town Square Big Lake, MN 

 6,250 

 1,978 

 8,028 

 (257 
 
 ) 
 
 2,136 

 7,613 

 9,749 

 1,660 

 2005 

 01/06 

 Brunswick Market Center Brunswick, OH 

 &#151; 

 1,516 

 11,193 

 3,630 

 1,552 

 14,787 

 16,339 

 4,510 

 97/98 

 12/02 

 Butera Market Naperville, IL 

 &#151; 

 1,879 

 2,938 

 1,055 

 1,879 

 3,993 

 5,872 

 1,967 

 1991 

 03/95 

 Cliff Lake Centre Eagan, MN 

 3,955 

 2,517 

 3,057 

 822 

 2,517 

 3,879 

 6,396 

 2,062 

 1988 

 09/99 

 Downers Grove Market Downers Grove, IL 

 12,500 

 6,224 

 11,617 

 539 

 6,224 

 12,156 

 18,380 

 6,171 

 1998 

 03/98 

 Dunkirk Square Maple Grove, MN 

 4,050 

 2,173 

 5,758 

 1,163 

 2,085 

 7,009 

 9,094 

 3,314 

 1998 

 09/99 

 Eastgate Center Lombard, IL 

 &#151; 

 4,252 

 2,570 

 2,466 

 4,252 

 5,036 

 9,288 

 2,689 

 1959 

 07/98 

 Edinburgh Festival Brooklyn Park, MN 

 3,866 

 2,214 

 6,366 

 619 

 2,225 

 6,974 

 9,199 

 3,154 

 1997 

 10/98 

 Elmhurst City Centre Elmhurst, IL 

 &#151; 

 2,050 

 2,739 

 873 

 2,050 

 3,612 

 5,662 

 2,135 

 1994 

 02/98 

 Gateway Square Hinsdale, IL 

 &#151; 

 3,046 

 3,899 

 814 

 3,046 

 4,713 

 7,759 

 2,242 

 1985 

 03/99 

 Golf Road Plaza Niles, IL 

 &#151; 

 850 

 2,408 

 581 

 850 

 2,989 

 3,839 

 1,373 

 1982 

 04/97 

 Grand Hunt Center Outlot Gurnee, IL 

 1,511 

 970 

 2,623 

 189 

 970 

 2,812 

 3,782 

 1,439 

 1996 

 12/96 

 Hammond Mills Hammond, L 

 &#151; 

 405 

 946 

 319 

 405 

 1,265 

 1,670 

 429 

 1998 

 12/98 

 Hartford Plaza Naperville, IL 

 &#151; 

 990 

 3,424 

 566 

 990 

 3,990 

 4,980 

 2,040 

 1995 

 09/95 

 Hawthorn Village Commons Vernon Hills, IL 

 6,443 

 2,619 

 5,888 

 1,378 

 2,635 

 7,250 

 9,885 

 3,607 

 1979 

 08/96 

 Hickory Creek Marketplace Frankfort, IL 

 &#151; 

 1,797 

 7,253 

 317 

 1,797 

 7,570 

 9,367 

 3,382 

 1999 

 08/99 

 Iroquois Center Naperville, IL 

 8,750 

 3,668 

 8,274 

 1,501 

 3,668 

 9,775 

 13,443 

 4,788 

 1983 

 12/97 

 Medina Marketplace Medina, OH 

 &#151; 

 2,769 

 6,846 

 2,154 

 2,769 

 9,000 

 11,769 

 2,509 

 56/99 

 12/02 

 106 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Schedule III (continued) 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost 

 Gross amount at which carried 

 (A) 

 at end of period (B) 

 Encumbrance (C) 

 Land 

 Buildings and improvements 

 Adjustments to Basis (D) 

 Land and improvements 

 Buildings and improvements 

 Total (E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (F) 

 Date Constructed 

 Date Acq 

 Neighborhood Retail Centers 

 Mundelein Plaza Mundelein, IL 

 &#151; 

 596 

 3,966 

 (2,529 
 
 ) 
 
 596 

 1,437 

 2,033 

 747 

 1990 

 03/96 

 Nantucket Square Schaumburg, IL 

 &#151; 

 1,908 

 2,376 

 893 

 1,908 

 3,269 

 5,177 

 1,428 

 1980 

 09/95 

 Oak Forest Commons Oak Forest, IL 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 2,796 

 9,030 

 699 

 2,796 

 9,729 

 12,525 

 4,736 

 1998 

 03/98 

 Oak Forest Commons Ph III Oak Forest, IL 

 &#151; 

 205 

 907 

 19 

 205 

 926 

 1,131 

 430 

 1999 

 06/99 

 Oak Lawn Town Center Oak Lawn, IL 

 &#151; 

 1,384 

 1,034 

 369 

 1,384 

 1,403 

 2,787 

 455 

 1999 

 06/99 

 Orland Greens Orland Park, IL 

 &#151; 

 1,246 

 3,876 

 631 

 1,246 

 4,507 

 5,753 

 2,162 

 1984 

 09/98 

 Park Square Brooklyn Park, MN 

 10,000 

 4,483 

 5,159 

 6,549 

 4,483 

 11,708 

 16,191 

 3,470 

 86/88 

 08/02 

 Park St. Claire Schaumburg, IL 

 &#151; 

 320 

 987 

 115 

 320 

 1,102 

 1,422 

 523 

 1994 

 12/96 

 Plymouth Collection Plymouth, MN 

 &#151; 

 1,459 

 5,175 

 774 

 1,459 

 5,949 

 7,408 

 2,726 

 1999 

 01/99 

 Quarry Outlot Hodgkins, IL 

 &#151; 

 522 

 1,278 

 230 

 522 

 1,508 

 2,030 

 829 

 1996 

 12/96 

 River Square Naperville, IL 

 &#151; 

 2,853 

 3,125 

 1,288 

 2,853 

 4,413 

 7,266 

 1,853 

 1988 

 06/97 

 Riverplace Center Noblesville, IN 

 &#151; 

 1,592 

 4,487 

 703 

 1,592 

 5,190 

 6,782 

 2,210 

 1992 

 11/98 

 Rose Plaza Elmwood Park, IL 

 &#151; 

 1,530 

 1,853 

 911 

 1,530 

 2,764 

 4,294 

 1,494 

 1997 

 11/98 

 Schaumburg Plaza Schaumburg, IL 

 &#151; 

 2,446 

 4,566 

 776 

 2,470 

 5,318 

 7,788 

 2,389 

 1994 

 06/98 

 Shingle Creek Brooklyn Center, MN 

 1,933 

 1,228 

 2,262 

 608 

 1,228 

 2,870 

 4,098 

 1,432 

 1986 

 09/99 

 Shops at Coopers Grove Country Club Hills, IL 

 &#151; 

 1,401 

 4,418 

 3,520 

 1,398 

 7,941 

 9,339 

 2,569 

 1991 

 01/98 

 Six Corners Plaza Chicago, IL 

 &#151; 

 1,440 

 4,533 

 2,673 

 1,440 

 7,206 

 8,646 

 2,802 

 1966 

 10/96 

 St. James Crossing Westmont, IL 

 &#151; 

 2,611 

 4,887 

 497 

 2,611 

 5,384 

 7,995 

 2,552 

 1990 

 03/98 

 Townes Crossing Oswego, IL 

 6,289 

 3,059 

 7,904 

 1,967 

 2,872 

 10,058 

 12,930 

 3,345 

 1988 

 08/02 

 Wauconda Crossings Wauconda, IL 

 &#151; 

 3,587 

 10,364 

 (1,513 
 
 ) 
 
 3,587 

 8,851 

 12,438 

 1,726 

 1997 

 08/06 

 107 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Schedule III (continued) 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost 

 Gross amount at which carried 

 (A) 

 at end of period (B) 

 Encumbrance (C) 

 Land 

 Buildings and improvements 

 Adjustments to Basis (D) 

 Land and improvements 

 Buildings and improvements 

 Total (E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (F) 

 Date Constructed 

 Date Acq 

 Neighborhood Retail Centers 

 Wauconda Shopping Center Wauconda, IL 

 &#151; 

 455 

 2,068 

 1,546 

 455 

 3,614 

 4,069 

 1,570 

 1988 

 05/98 

 Westriver Crossing Joliet, IL 

 &#151; 

 2,317 

 3,320 

 118 

 2,317 

 3,438 

 5,755 

 1,545 

 1999 

 08/99 

 Winnetka Commons New Hope, MN 

 &#151; 

 1,597 

 2,859 

 268 

 1,597 

 3,127 

 4,724 

 1,633 

 1990 

 07/98 

 Woodland Heights Streamwood, IL 

 4,175 

 2,976 

 6,652 

 843 

 2,976 

 7,495 

 10,471 

 3,496 

 1956 

 06/98 

 Community Centers 

 Apache Shoppes Rochester, MN 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 1,791 

 9,518 

 1,315 

 1,947 

 10,677 

 12,624 

 1,685 

 2005 

 12/06 

 Bergen Plaza Oakdale, MN 

 &#151; 

 5,347 

 11,700 

 2,284 

 5,347 

 13,984 

 19,331 

 6,474 

 1978 

 04/98 

 Bohl Farm Marketplace Crystal Lake, IL 

 5,111 

 5,800 

 9,889 

 2,103 

 5,800 

 11,992 

 17,792 

 4,135 

 2000 

 12/00 

 Burnsville Crossing Burnsville, MN 

 3,778 

 2,061 

 4,667 

 3,936 

 2,061 

 8,603 

 10,664 

 3,225 

 1989 

 09/99 

 Chestnut Court Darien, IL 

 &#151; 

 5,720 

 10,275 

 3,084 

 5,720 

 13,359 

 19,079 

 5,821 

 1987 

 03/98 

 Four Flaggs Niles, IL 

 11,114 

 5,890 

 12,515 

 16,862 

 8,488 

 26,779 

 35,267 

 7,226 

 73/98 

 11/02 

 Four Flaggs Annex Niles, IL 

 &#151; 

 1,122 

 2,333 

 (60 
 
 ) 
 
 1,122 

 2,273 

 3,395 

 675 

 1973 

 11/02 

 Lake Park Plaza Michigan City, IN 

 &#151; 

 3,253 

 7,318 

 (423 
 
 ) 
 
 2,627 

 7,521 

 10,148 

 3,362 

 1990 

 02/98 

 Oliver Square West Chicago, IL 

 &#151; 

 1,980 

 4,325 

 818 

 1,980 

 5,143 

 7,123 

 2,434 

 1990 

 01/98 

 Orchard Crossing Ft. Wayne, IN 

 14,800 

 6,026 

 12,474 

 (879 
 
 ) 
 
 6,026 

 11,595 

 17,621 

 388 

 2007 

 04/07 

 Park Center Tinley Park, IL 

 &#151; 

 5,363 

 8,523 

 (3,009 
 
 ) 
 
 4,196 

 6,681 

 10,877 

 2,569 

 1988 

 12/98 

 Skokie Fashion Square 
 Skokie, IL 

 6,200 

 2,394 

 6,822 

 4,501 

 2,394 

 11,323 

 13,717 

 3,802 

 1984 

 12/97 

 Skokie Fashion Square II Skokie, IL 

 &#151; 

 878 

 2,757 

 (289 
 
 ) 
 
 878 

 2,468 

 3,346 

 596 

 1984 

 11/04 

 The Plaza Brookfield, WI 

 &#151; 

 4,798 

 8,759 

 2,389 

 4,658 

 11,288 

 15,946 

 4,630 

 1985 

 02/99 

 Two Rivers Plaza Bolingbrook, IL 

 &#151; 

 1,820 

 4,990 

 217 

 1,820 

 5,207 

 7,027 

 2,730 

 1994 

 10/98 

 108 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Schedule III (continued) 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period (B) 

 Encumbrance (C) 

 Land 

 Buildings and improvements 

 Adjustments to Basis (D) 

 Land and improvements 

 Buildings and improvements 

 Total (E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (F) 

 Date Constructed 

 Date Acq 

 Power Centers 

 Baytowne Square/Shoppes Champaign, IL 

 &#151; 

 3,821 

 8,853 

 2,413 

 3,821 

 11,266 

 15,087 

 4,487 

 1993 

 02/99 

 Bradley Commons Bradley, IL 

 14,330 

 2,964 

 22,855 

 (4,029 
 
 ) 
 
 2,964 

 18,826 

 21,790 

 115 

 2007 

 11/11 

 Crystal Point Crystal Lake, IL 

 17,638 

 7,290 

 29,463 

 (3,521 
 
 ) 
 
 7,290 

 25,942 

 33,232 

 6,342 

 76/98 

 07/04 

 Deer Trace Kohler, WI 

 9,691 

 1,622 

 11,921 

 816 

 1,622 

 12,737 

 14,359 

 3,762 

 2000 

 07/02 

 Deer Trace II Kohler, WI 

 &#151; 

 925 

 3,683 

 (320 
 
 ) 
 
 925 

 3,363 

 4,288 

 1,120 

 03/04 

 08/04 

 Joliet Commons Joliet, IL 

 11,237 

 4,089 

 15,684 

 2,117 

 4,089 

 17,801 

 21,890 

 8,814 

 1995 

 10/98 

 Joliet Commons Phase II Joliet, IL 

 $ 
 
 &#151; 

 811 

 3,990 

 363 

 811 

 4,353 

 5,164 

 1,890 

 1999 

 02/00 

 Lansing Square Lansing, IL 

 &#151; 

 4,075 

 12,179 

 608 

 4,049 

 12,813 

 16,862 

 6,450 

 1991 

 12/96 

 Mankato Heights Mankato, MN 

 &#151; 

 2,332 

 14,082 

 1,583 

 2,332 

 15,665 

 17,997 

 5,694 

 2002 

 04/03 

 Maple Park Place Bolingbrook, IL 

 &#151; 

 3,666 

 11,669 

 3,433 

 3,666 

 15,102 

 18,768 

 7,304 

 1992 

 01/97 

 Naper West Naperville, IL 

 &#151; 

 6,451 

 11,584 

 5,067 

 6,451 

 16,651 

 23,102 

 6,885 

 1985 

 12/97 

 Orland Park Place Outlots Orland Park, IL 

 5,403 

 9,970 

 1,657 

 62 

 9,970 

 1,719 

 11,689 

 277 

 2007 

 08/07 

 Park Avenue Centre Highland Park, IL 

 &#151; 

 3,200 

 6,607 

 9,461 

 3,200 

 16,068 

 19,268 

 4,295 

 1996 

 05/06 

 Park Place Plaza St. Louis Park, MN 

 6,500 

 4,256 

 8,575 

 915 

 4,256 

 9,490 

 13,746 

 4,232 

 1997 

 09/99 

 Pine Tree Plaza Janesville, WI 

 10,825 

 2,889 

 15,653 

 (233 
 
 ) 
 
 2,889 

 15,420 

 18,309 

 7,033 

 1998 

 10/99 

 Riverdale Commons Coon Rapids, MN 

 9,850 

 4,324 

 15,132 

 2,594 

 4,324 

 17,726 

 22,050 

 7,899 

 1998 

 09/99 

 Rivertree Court Vernon Hills, IL 

 &#151; 

 8,652 

 22,902 

 10,395 

 8,652 

 33,297 

 41,949 

 13,300 

 1988 

 07/97 

 Rochester Marketplace Rochester, MN 

 &#151; 

 2,043 

 8,859 

 (225 
 
 ) 
 
 2,043 

 8,634 

 10,677 

 3,140 

 01/03 

 09/03 

 Salem Square Countryside, IL 

 4,897 

 1,735 

 4,449 

 4,885 

 1,735 

 9,334 

 11,069 

 3,164 

 1973 

 08/96 

 Schaumburg Promenade Schaumburg, IL 

 &#151; 

 6,562 

 12,742 

 1,103 

 6,562 

 13,845 

 20,407 

 5,835 

 1999 

 12/99 

 Shakopee Outlot Shakopee, MN 

 &#151; 

 865 

 1,939 

 395 

 865 

 2,334 

 3,199 

 378 

 2007 

 03/06 

 Shakopee Valley Marketplace Shakopee, MN 

 7,883 

 2,964 

 12,022 

 (67 
 
 ) 
 
 2,964 

 11,955 

 14,919 

 3,623 

 00/01 

 12/02 

 109 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Schedule III (continued) 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost 

 Gross amount at which carried 

 (A) 

 at end of period (B) 

 Encumbrance (C) 

 Land 

 Buildings and improvements 

 Adjustments to Basis (D) 

 Land and improvements 

 Buildings and improvements 

 Total (E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (F) 

 Date Constructed 

 Date Acq 

 Power Centers 

 Shoppes at Grayhawk Omaha, NE 

 16,636 

 10,581 

 16,525 

 (328 
 
 ) 
 
 10,754 

 16,024 

 26,778 

 3,533 

 01/02 

 02/06 

 Shops At Orchard Place Skokie, IL 

 24,636 

 16,300 

 28,623 

 (2,046 
 
 ) 
 
 15,980 

 26,897 

 42,877 

 8,409 

 2000 

 12/02 

 University Crossings Mishawaka, IN 

 &#151; 

 4,392 

 11,634 

 (871 
 
 ) 
 
 4,392 

 10,763 

 15,155 

 3,048 

 2003 

 10/03 

 Lifestyle Centers 

 Algonquin Commons Algonquin, IL 

 90,425 

 13,038 

 88,759 

 (6,847 
 
 ) 
 
 13,038 

 81,912 

 94,950 

 5,035 

 2004 

 02/06 

 Total 

 $ 
 
 388,502 

 315,404 

 855,573 

 93,828 

 314,384 

 950,421 

 1,264,805 

 323,839 

 110 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Schedule III (continued) 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

 Notes: 
 
 (A) The initial cost to the Company represents the original purchase price of the property, including amounts incurred subsequent to acquisition which were contemplated at the time the property was acquired. 
 
 (B) The aggregate cost of real estate owned at December 31, 2011 and 2010 for federal income tax purposes was approximately $1,353,496 and $1,383,843, respectively (unaudited). 
 
 (C) Not included in the encumbrance is the Company&#146;s mortgage payable of $2,700 related to its investment in one unconsolidated joint venture. 
 
 (D) Adjustments to basis include additions to investment properties net of payments received under master lease agreements. The Company, from time to time, receives payments under master lease agreements covering spaces vacant at the time of acquisition. The payments range from one to two years from the date of acquisition of the property or until the space is leased and the tenants begin paying rent. U.S. GAAP requires the Company to treat these payments as a reduction to the purchase price of the investment properties upon receipt of the payment, rather than as rental income. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had no investment properties subject to a master lease agreement. 
 
 (E) Reconciliation of real estate owned: 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Balance at beginning of year 

 $ 
 
 1,345,502 

 1,255,216 

 1,263,630 

 Purchases of investment properties 

 111,863 

 69,278 

 &#151; 

 Additions due to change in control of investment properties 

 17,501 

 87,744 

 &#151; 

 Additions to investment properties, including amounts payable, net of write off&#146;s 

 36,058 

 22,259 

 7,194 

 Sale of investment properties 

 (12,835 
 
 ) 
 
 (22,312 
 
 ) 
 
 (8,685 
 
 ) 

 Contribution of investment properties to joint venture 

 (110,658 
 
 ) 
 
 (46,009 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Deconsolidation of joint venture properties 

 (119,647 
 
 ) 
 
 (20,499 
 
 ) 
 
 (5,164 
 
 ) 

 Building impairment 

 (2,841 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 (1,824 
 
 ) 

 Construction in progress 

 1,531 

 (175 
 
 ) 
 
 65 

 Payments received under master leases 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Balance at end of year 

 $ 
 
 1,266,474 

 1,345,502 

 1,255,216 

 (F) Reconciliation of accumulated depreciation: 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Balance at beginning of year 

 $ 
 
 326,546 

 308,785 

 279,945 

 Depreciation expense 

 33,480 

 35,030 

 32,081 

 Accumulated depreciation on sale of investment property 

 (3,479 
 
 ) 
 
 (5,178 
 
 ) 
 
 (3,157 
 
 ) 

 Contribution of investment properties to joint venture 

 (31,906 
 
 ) 
 
 (12,004 
 
 ) 
 
 &#151; 

 Deconsolidation of joint venture properties 

 (802 
 
 ) 
 
 (87 
 
 ) 
 
 (84 
 
 ) 

 Balance at end of year 

 $ 
 
 323,839 

 326,546 

 308,785 

 111 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We have established disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including our consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the officers who certify our financial reports and to the members of senior management and the Board of Directors. 
 
 Based on management&#146;s evaluation as of December 31, 2011, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)) were effective as of the date of evaluation to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 
 
 Management&#146;s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company&#146;s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control &#151; Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its evaluation under the framework in Internal Control &#151; Integrated Framework, the Company&#146;s management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2011. 
 
 The Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company&#146;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 All internal control systems have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2011 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the three months ended December 31, 2011 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 112 

 Table of Contents 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this Item 10 is incorporated by reference to, and will be contained in, our definitive proxy statement, which we anticipate filing no later than April 30, 2012. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference to, and will be contained in, our definitive proxy statement, which we anticipate filing no later than April 30, 2012. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated by reference to, and will be contained in, our definitive proxy statement, which we anticipate filing no later than April 30, 2012. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference to, and will be contained in, our definitive proxy statement, which we anticipate filing no later than April 30, 2012. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated by reference to, and will be contained in, our definitive proxy statement, which we anticipate filing no later than April 30, 2012. 
 
 113 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

 (a)(1) 
 
 Financial Statements : 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2011 and 2010 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (a)(2) 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules : 

 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Schedule III) 

 All financial statements schedules other than those filed herewith have been omitted as the required information is not applicable or the information is presented in the financial statements or related notes. 

 (a)(3) 
 
 Exhibits : 

 The exhibits filed herewith are set forth on the Exhibit Index included with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 114 

 Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 

 /s/ MARK E. ZALATORIS 

 By: 
 
 Mark E. Zalatoris 

 Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

 (principal executive officer) 

 Date: February 27, 2012 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

 /s/ THOMAS D&#146;ARCY 

 /s/ DANIEL L. GOODWIN 

 By: 
 
 Thomas D&#146;Arcy 

 By: 
 
 Daniel L. Goodwin 

 Title: Chairman of the Board 

 Title: Director 

 Date: February 27, 2012 

 Date: February 27, 2012 

 /s/ JOEL G. HERTER 

 /s/ HEIDI N. LAWTON 

 By: 
 
 Joel G. Herter 

 By: 
 
 Heidi N. Lawton 

 Title: Director 

 Title: Director 

 Date: February 27, 2012 

 Date: February 27, 2012 

 /s/ THOMAS H. MCAULEY 

 /s/ THOMAS MCWILLIAMS 

 By: 
 
 Thomas H. McAuley 

 By: 
 
 Thomas McWilliams 

 Title: Director 

 Title: Director 

 Date: February 27, 2012 

 Date: February 27, 2012 

 /s/ JOEL D. SIMMONS 

 /s/ MARK E. ZALATORIS 

 By: 
 
 Joel D. Simmons 

 By: 
 
 Mark E. Zalatoris 

 Title: Director 

 Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

 Date: February 27, 2012 

 (principal executive officer) 

 Date: February 27, 2012 

 /s/ BRETT A. BROWN 

 By: 
 
 Brett A. Brown 

 Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial and accounting officer 

 Date: February 27, 2012 

 115 

 Table of Contents 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE CORPORATION 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference herein: 

 Item No. 

 Description 

 3.1 

 Fourth Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Registrant (*) 

 3.2 

 Articles Supplementary designating the Company&#146;s 8.125% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share (*) 

 3.3 

 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant effective April 23, 2010 (1) 

 4.1 

 Specimen Stock Certificate (2) 

 4.2 

 Dividend Reinvestment Plan of the Registrant (3) 

 4.3 

 5.0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2029, dated August 10, 2010 between Inland Real Estate Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (4) 

 4.4 

 Form of 5.0% Convertible Senior Note due 2029 (5) 

 10.1 

 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2010, among Inland Real Estate Corporation, as borrower and KeyBank National Association as administrative agent, Keybanc Capital Markets, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (f/k/a Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC and Banc of America Securities, LLC as co-lead arrangers, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Bank of America, N.A. as co-syndication agents and RBS Citizens, National Association (d/b/a Charter One) and BMO Capital Markets as co-documentation agents and the several lenders from time to time parties hereto as lenders (6) 

 10.2 

 2005 Equity Award Plan (7) 

 10.3 

 Operating Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2004, among Inland Real Estate Corporation, The New York State Teachers&#146; Retirement System, by and through its designated advisor, Morgan Stanley Real Estate Advisor, Inc., and IN Retail Manager, L.L.C. (8) 

 10.4 

 Operating Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2004, among Inland Real Estate Corporation, The New York State Teachers&#146;s Retirement System, by and through its designated advisor, Morgan Stanley Real Estate Advisor, Inc., and IN Retail Manager, L.L.C. (*) 

 10.5 

 Contribution Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2004, by and between IN Retail Fund, L.L.C., Inland Real Estate Corporation and The New York State Teachers&#146; Retirement System (9) 

 10.6 

 First Amendment to Operating Agreement of IN Retail Fund, L.L.C., dated as of September 28, 2011, among Inland Real Estate Corporation, The New York State Teachers&#146; Retirement System and IN Retail Manager, L.L.C. (*) 

 10.7 

 Second Amendment to Operating Agreement of IN Retail Fund, L.L.C., dated as of December 20, 2011, among Inland Real Estate Corporation, The New York State Teachers&#146; Retirement System and IN Retail Manager, L.L.C. (*) 

 10.8 

 Property Acquisition Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2004, by and between Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. and Inland Real Estate Corporation (10) 
 
 116 

 Table of Contents 

 10.9 

 Employment Agreement between Inland Real Estate Corporation and Mark Zalatoris, effective as of January 1, 2011 (11) 

 10.10 

 Employment Agreement between Inland Real Estate Corporation and Brett A. Brown, effective as of January 1, 2011 (12) 

 10.11 

 Employment Agreement between Inland Real Estate Corporation and D. Scott Carr, effective as of January 1, 2011 (13) 

 10.12 

 Employment Agreement between Inland Real Estate Corporation and Beth Sprecher Brooks, effective as of January 1, 2011 (14) 

 10.13 

 Employment Agreement between Inland Real Estate Corporation and William W. Anderson, effective as of January 1, 2011 (15) 

 10.14 

 Software and Consulting Shared Services Agreement, dated February 13, 2006, among Inland Computer Services, Inland Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Real Estate Corporation, Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Holdco Management LLC and Inland American Holdco Management LLC (16) 

 10.15 

 Operating Agreement of Oak Property and Casualty LLC, dated as of October 1, 2006, among Inland Real Estate Corporation, Inland Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland Risk and Insurance Management Services, Inc. (17) 

 10.16 

 Oak Property and Casualty LLC Membership Participation Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2006, among Inland Real Estate Corporation, Inland Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland Risk and Insurance Management Services, Inc. (18) 

 10.17 

 Articles of Association of Oak Real Estate Association, dated as of October 1, 2006, among Inland Real Estate Corporation, Inland Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland Risk and Insurance Management Services, Inc. (19) 

 10.18 

 Agreement for the Contribution of Limited Liability Company Interests, dated as of October 10, 2006, among Inland Real Estate Corporation, Inland Venture Corporation and IRC-IREX Venture LLC (20) 

 10.19 

 Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2010, among Inland Real Estate Corporation, as borrower and KeyBank National Association as administrative agent, KeyBanc Capital Markets, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (f/k/a Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC and Banc of America Securities, LLC as co-lead arrangers, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Bank of America, N.A. as co-syndication agents and RBS Citizens, National Association (d/b/a Charter One) and BMO Capital Markets as co-documentation agents and the several lenders from time to time parties hereto as lenders (21) 

 10.20 

 Limited Liability Company Agreement of IRC-IREX Venture II LLC, dated as of May 7, 2009, among Inland Exchange Venture Corporation and Inland Real Estate Exchange Corporation (22) 

 10.21 

 Sales Agency Agreement dated November 10, 2009, by and between Inland Real Estate Corporation and BMO Capital Markets Corp. (23) 
 
 117 

 Table of Contents 

 10.22 

 Underwriting Agreement dated May 12, 2009 among Inland Real Estate Corporation and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC as representatives of the several underwriters named in Schedule A thereto (24) 

 10.23 

 Limited Liability Company Agreement of IRC-IREX Venture LLC, dated as of September 5, 2006, among Inland Venture Corporation and Inland Real Estate Exchange Corporation (25) 

 10.24 

 Limited Partnership Agreement of INP Retail L.P., dated as of June 3, 2010, among Inland Real Estate Corporation, Stichting Depositary PGGM Private Real Estate Fund, a Dutch foundation, acting in its capacity as depositary of and for the account and risk of PGGM Private Real Estate Fund, a Dutch fund for the joint account of the participants and INP Retail Management Company, LLC (26) 

 10.25 

 Dealer-Manager Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2010, by and between Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. (27) 

 10.26 

 First Amendment to the Limited Liability Company Agreement of IRC-IREX Venture II, LLC, dated as of January 1, 2011 (28) 

 10.27 

 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement dated as of March 11, 2011, by and among Inland Real Estate Corporation as Borrower, KeyBank National Association, individually and as Administrative Agent and the Lenders (29) 

 10.28 

 Second Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 11, 2011, by and among Inland Real Estate Corporation as Borrower, KeyBank National Association, individually and as Administrative Agent and the Lenders (30) 

 10.29 

 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement dated as of June 23, 2011, by and among Inland Real Estate Corporation as Borrower, KeyBank National Association, individually and as Administrative Agent and the Lenders (31) 

 10.30 

 Third Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 23, 2011, by and among Inland Real Estate Corporation as Borrower, KeyBank National Association, individually and as Administrative Agent and the Lenders (32) 

 10.31 

 Purchase Agreement, dated September 29, 2011, by and among Inland Real Estate Corporation, on the one hand, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as representatives of the several Underwriters listed on Schedule A attached thereto, on the other hand (33) 

 10.32 

 Unsecured Loan Agreement dated as of November 15, 2011 by and among Inland Real Estate Corporation as Borrower and Wells Fargo Bank National Association as Lender (34) 

 10.33 

 Promissory Note, dated as of November 15, 2011, between Inland Real Estate Corporation as Borrower and Wells Fargo Bank National Association as Lender (35) 

 10.34 

 Repayment Guaranty, dated as of November 15, 2011, by the subsidiary guarantors identified on the signature page thereto, in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (36) 

 14.1 

 Code of Ethics (37) 

 21.1 

 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (*) 

 23.1 

 Consent of KPMG LLP, dated February 27, 2012 (*) 
 
 118 

 Table of Contents 

 31.1 

 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (*) 

 31.2 

 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (*) 

 32.1 

 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (*) 

 32.2 

 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (*) 

 99.1 

 Lock-Up Agreement between Inland Real Estate Corporation and Daniel L. Goodwin, Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation, The Inland Group, Inc. and Inland Investment Stock Holding Company, dated May 9, 2007 (38) 

 101 

 The following financial information from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2011, is formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (&#147;XBRL&#148;): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (tagged as blocks of text). (39) 

 (1) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 23, 2010, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 30, 2010 (file number 001-32185). 

 (2) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-3 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 30, 2004 (file number 333-107077). 

 (3) 

 Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Form S-3 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 15, 2009 (file number 333-160582). 

 (4) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 16, 2010 (file number 001-32185) 

 (5) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 16, 2010 (file number 001-32185) 

 (6) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2010 (file number 001-32185) 

 (7) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 23, 2005, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2005 (file number 001-32185). 

 (8) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A dated October 8, 2004, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities & Exchange Commission on October 25, 2004 (file number 001-32185) 

 (9) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A dated October 8, 2004, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 22, 2004 (file number 001-32185). 
 
 119 

 Table of Contents 

 (10) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2004, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2004 (file number 001-32185). 

 (11) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2011 (file number 001-32185). 

 (12) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2011 (file number 001-32185). 

 (13) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2011 (file number 001-32185). 

 (14) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2011 (file number 001-32185). 

 (15) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2011 (file number 001-32185). 

 (16) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2006, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2006 (file number 001-32185). 

 (17) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2006, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2006 (file number 001-32185). 

 (18) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2006, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2006 (file number 001-32185). 

 (19) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2006, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2006 (file number 001-32185). 

 (20) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2006, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2006 (file number 001-32185). 

 (21) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 9, 2010 (file number 001-32185) 

 (22) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 7, 2009 (file number 001-32185) 
 
 120 

 Table of Contents 

 (23) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 10, 2009, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 10, 2009 (file number 001-32185). 

 (24) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 12, 2009, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2009 (file number 001-32185). 

 (25) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 5, 2006, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2006 (file number 001-32185). 

 (26) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 9, 2010 (file number 001-32185). 

 (27) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 29, 2010 (file number 001-32185) 

 (28) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2011 (file number 001-32185) 

 (29) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 17, 2011 (file number 001-32185) 

 (30) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 17, 2011 (file number 001-32185) 

 (31) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 29, 2011 (file number 001-32185) 

 (32) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 29, 2011 (file number 001-32185) 

 (33) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 29, 2011, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2011 (file number 001-32185) 

 (34) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 21, 2011 (file number 001-32185) 

 (35) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 21, 2011 (file number 001-32185) 

 (36) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 21, 2011 (file number 001-32185) 
 
 121 

 Table of Contents 

 (37) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2004 (file number 000-28382). 

 (38) 

 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter period ended March 31, 2007, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2007 (file number 001-32185). 

 (39) 

 The XBRL related information in Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed &#147;filed&#148; for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability of that section and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing or document. 

 (*) 

 Filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 122 

