 
 10-K
 1
 a09-1544_110k.htm
 10-K

 Table of Contents 

 U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

 (Mark One) 

 x 

 ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended December 31,
 2008 

 OR 

 o 

 TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from 
 to 

 Commission File No. 1-15339 

 Chemtura Corporation 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

 Delaware 

 52-2183153 

 (State or other jurisdiction of
 incorporation or organization) 

 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

 199 Benson Road 
 Middlebury, Connecticut 

 06749 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

 (Zip Code) 

 Registrant&#146;s telephone number, including area
code: (203) 573 - 2000 

 Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 Title of each class 

 Name of each exchange on
 which registered 

 Common Stock, $0.01 par value 

 New York Stock Exchange 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Yes o No x 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of
the Act. Yes o No x 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o 

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 o 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
company. See definition of &#147;accelerated
filer,&#148; &#147;large accelerated file&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act (Check off): 

 Large accelerated filer x 

 Accelerated filer o 

 Non-accelerated filer o 

 Smaller reporting company o 

 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No
 x 

 The aggregate market value of
the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the
registrant, computed as of June 30, 2008 was $1,422,761,984. 

 The number of voting shares of Common Stock of the registrant
outstanding as of January 26, 2009 was 242,650,502. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Proxy Statement for Annual
Meeting of Stockholders on May 13, 2009 Part III 

 Table of Contents 

 Page 

 PART I 

 Item 1. 

 Business 

 2 

 Item 1A. 

 Risk Factors 

 12 

 Item 1B. 

 Unresolved Staff Comments 

 21 

 Item 2. 

 Properties 

 21 

 Item 3. 

 Legal Proceedings 

 23 

 Item 4. 

 Submission of Matters to Vote
 of Security Holders Executive Officers of the Registrant 

 30 

 PART II 

 Item 5. 

 Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity,
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 31 

 Item 6. 

 Selected Financial Data 

 32 

 Item 7. 

 Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 34 

 Item 7A. 

 Quantitative and Qualitative
 Disclosures about Market Risk 

 61 

 Item 8. 

 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 63 

 Item 9. 

 Changes in and Disagreements with
 Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 124 

 Item 9A. 

 Controls and Procedures 

 124 

 Item 9B. 

 Other Information 

 125 

 PART III 

 Item 10. 

 Directors, Executive Officers of the
 Registrant and Corporate Governance 

 125 

 Item 11. 

 Executive Compensation 

 125 

 Item 12. 

 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
 Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 126 

 Item 13. 

 Certain Relationships and Related
 Transactions and Director Independence 

 126 

 Item 14. 

 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

 126 

 PART IV 

 Item 15. 

 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 127 

 Signatures 

 133 

 1 

 Table of Contents 

 PART I. 

 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

 Overview 

 Chemtura Corporation, together
with its consolidated subsidiaries, is among the largest publicly-traded
specialty chemical companies in the United States and is dedicated to
delivering innovative, market-focused specialty chemical solutions and consumer
products. Chemtura Corporation is
headquartered in Middlebury, Connecticut and operates in a wide variety of
end-use markets, including automotive, transportation, construction, packaging,
agriculture, lubricants, plastics for durable and non-durable goods,
electronics, and home pool and spa chemicals. 

 When we use the terms the &#147;Corporation,&#148;
&#147;Company,&#148; &#147;Chemtura,&#148; &#147;Registrant,&#148; &#147;we,&#148; &#147;us&#148; and &#147;our,&#148; unless otherwise
indicated or the context otherwise requires, we are referring to Chemtura
Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

 Certain disclosures included in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements that
are subject to risk and uncertainty. See
&#147;Item 7. Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations - Forward-Looking Statements.&#148; 

 (a) General
Development of Business 

 Chemtura is the successor to Crompton & Knowles Corporation,
which was incorporated in Massachusetts in 1900 and engaged in the manufacture
and sale of specialty chemicals beginning in 1954. We expanded our specialty chemical business
through acquisitions in the United States and Europe, including the 1996
acquisition of Uniroyal Chemical Company, Inc. (&#147;Uniroyal&#148;), the 1999
merger with Witco Corporation (&#147;Witco&#148;) and the 2005 merger with Great Lakes
Chemical Corporation (&#147;Great Lakes&#148;). 

 Today, we are a global diversified producer
of specialty chemicals and polymer products and are a leading U.S. supplier of
home pool and spa chemicals. Most of our
chemical products are sold to industrial manufacturing customers for use as
additives, ingredients, or intermediates that add value to their end
products. Our pool and spa chemicals are
sold through local dealers, large retailers and mass merchants. We are a market leader in many of our key
product lines. We have
approximately 3,400 United States and foreign granted patents and pending
patent applications and have approximately 4,900 United States and foreign
registered and pending trademarks in
more than 100 countries. Of our $3.5 billion net sales in 2008, approximately
48% were to customers in the United States and Canada, 32% to Europe and
Africa, 15% to Asia/Pacific, and 5% to Latin America. 

 Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial
Position 

 Chemtura
relies on the following sources of liquidity to continue to operate as a going
concern: (i) cash and cash equivalents on hand; (ii) cash generated
from operations; (iii) sales of accounts receivables under our accounts
receivables facilities; (iv) borrowings under the our senior credit facility
(&#147;Credit Facility&#148;) revolver; (v) net proceeds from asset sales; and (vi) access
to the capital markets. Our principal
uses of cash are to provide for working capital to fund our operations and to
service our debt obligations. The
changes in financial markets in the late summer and fall of 2008 limited the
ability of companies such as Chemtura to access the capital markets. The deepening recession in the fourth quarter
of 2008 has had a significant impact on our operations, resulting in a sharp decline
in financial performance. As a result,
our liquidity became progressively more constrained in the fourth quarter of
2008. We have incurred losses from
continuing operations of $973 million, $45 million and $273 million for the
years ended 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. 

 2 

 Table of Contents 

 Our $370
million 7% Notes are due and payable on July 15, 2009 (&#147;2009 Notes&#148;). In light of the recent changes in the
financial markets, we decided in October 2008 to initiate the sale of
certain business assets in order to generate the funds to meet the pending
maturity. These asset sale initiatives
were aided by our prior exploration of our strategic alternatives that had
included the investigation of value enhancing transactions, including the sale
of one or more of our businesses. Unless
we can complete a planned asset sale or a debt refinancing transaction with net
after-tax proceeds sufficient to meet the redemption of these notes, we will
default on our obligation to redeem these notes upon maturity. Any such default would also cause a default
under certain of our other debt obligations due to cross default provisions in
those agreements. The asset sale process
is progressing with certain buyers now working to complete their due
diligence. Upon completion of due
diligence, it is expected that buyers will submit final offers and we will be
able to determine if a transaction can be completed and if so, what the net
proceeds may be. However, until a
definitive agreement has been negotiated, executed, and the sale has been
closed, there can be no assurances that we will complete an asset sale(s) or
have the funds to redeem our 2009 Notes upon maturity. Further, any such asset sale and the use of
resulting net proceeds, requires the consent of the lenders under the Credit
Facility and the purchasers under our new U.S. accounts receivable facility. 

 In the fourth quarter of 2008, we undertook a sequence of actions to
reduce costs as well as conserve cash. 
We continue to implement cost reduction and cash generation
actions. These actions include staff
reductions, temporary plant closures with the furlough of employees, suspension
of our dividend, reductions in capital spending, sales of surplus assets and
working capital reductions. 

 Due to the
sharp decline in customer demand in November and December 2008, and
the resulting decline in sales, our financial performance deteriorated sharply
in the fourth quarter of 2008 resulting in our inability to be in compliance
with the two financial maintenance covenants under the Credit Facility as of December 31,
2008. On December 30, 2008, we
obtained a 90-day waiver of compliance with these covenants from the lenders
under the Credit Facility. This waiver
expires on March 30, 2009. In the
current economic environment, it is not probable that our financial performance
in 2009 will be sufficient to enable us to be in compliance with these covenants
as of March 31, 2009 and for the balance of 2009. We will therefore require a further amendment
and waiver from the lenders under our Credit Facility prior to the expiration
of the current waiver period in order to avoid a default under the Credit Facility. While an asset sale may generate sufficient
proceeds to meet the maturity of the 2009 Notes in July of 2009, these
proceeds may not be sufficient to reduce our indebtedness to a level where it
can be in compliance with these covenants in light of our trailing twelve month
financial performance at that time. It
is therefore probable that an amendment of the financial maintenance covenants
under the Credit Facility will be required at the time the lenders consider
consenting to the asset sale. There can
be no assurances that the lenders will grant such further waivers or amendments
on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 
A default under the Credit Facility would also result in a default under
the terms of our new U.S. accounts receivable facility, the 2009 Notes, the
6.875% Notes due 2016 (&#147;2016 Notes&#148;) and the 6.875% Debentures due 2026 (&#147;2026
Debentures&#148;). 

 In light of
the non-compliance with the financial maintenance covenants as of December 31,
2008 under our Credit Facility, for which we received a 90-day waiver, and
given that it is unlikely that we will be in compliance with these covenants
after the expiration of the 90-day waiver period and for the balance of 2009,
borrowings under the Credit Facility and other debt obligations that contain
cross default provisions have been recorded as current. Therefore, during the fourth quarter of 2008,
we classified our obligations under the Credit Facility, the 2016 Notes and the
2026 Debentures, totaling $804 million, as current liabilities. Accordingly, at December 31, 2008, the
Company had a working capital deficiency of $558 million. 

 Our liquidity
has been constrained by changes in our financing agreements in light of the
changes in our financial performance. 
The availability under our Credit Facility has historically been
constrained by the requirements of our two financial maintenance
covenants. Under the terms of the
amendment and waiver agreement with the lenders, fixed limits were defined as
to the amount we can have outstanding under the Credit Facility revolver. Those limits were set at $180 million for the
period ended December 31, 2008, $195 million for the period ended January 31,
2009 and then $190 million for the period ended March 30, 2009. 

 3 

 Table
of Contents 

 Our liquidity
has been further constrained by changes in the availability under our accounts
receivable facilities. The eligibility
criteria and reserve requirements under our prior U.S. accounts receivable
facility, which was replaced on January 23, 2009, tightened in the fourth
quarter of 2008 following a credit rating downgrade, significantly reducing the
value of accounts receivable that could be sold under the facility compared to September 30,
2008. The availability and access to our
European accounts receivable facility was restricted in late December in
light of our financial performance. As a
result, we are currently unable to sell additional receivables under this
existing program. The new three-year
U.S. accounts receivable facility entered into by our special-purpose
subsidiary on January 23, 2009 has restored much of the liquidity that we
had pursuant to the prior U.S. accounts receivable facility before the 2008
fourth quarter events. We are currently
in discussions to revise certain terms of our European accounts receivable
facility. The anticipated revisions
include among other matters, significantly reducing the value of accounts receivable
that can be sold under the facility from approximately $244 million (&#128;175
million) to approximately $98 million (&#128;70 million) and changes to the
subsidiaries eligible to sell accounts receivable under the facility. These revisions are subject to final approval and documentation. 

 We will likely
continue to incur operating losses in the first quarter of 2009 and our
liquidity remains constrained such that it may not be sufficient to meet our
cash operating needs in this period of economic uncertainty. If we require
liquidity in excess of what is available under our Credit Facility and accounts
receivable facilities, there is no assurance that we can obtain additional
liquidity on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If we are unable to
obtain or sustain the liquidity required to operate our business, or redeem or
refinance our 2009 Notes upon maturity, we may need to seek to modify the terms
of our debts through court reorganization proceedings to allow us, among other
things, to reorganize our capital structure. 

 The factors noted above raise substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. The
accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Acquisitions and Divestitures 

 On March 12, 2008, Chemtura purchased the remaining interest in
GLCC Laurel, LLC for a note payable of $11 million. The note was paid in September 2008. As GLCC Laurel, LLC was already consolidated
by us, the purchase price was allocated to reduce the minority interest
liability by $23 million. The value of
the long-lived assets was reduced by $14 million since the fair value of the
assets exceeded the purchase price. The
residual purchase price was allocated to other assets. 

 On February 29, 2008, Chemtura acquired the remaining stock of
Baxenden Chemicals Limited Plc for approximately $26 million. The purchase price was allocated to goodwill
of $9 million; intangible assets of $7 million; property, plant and equipment
of $5 million; and other net assets of $5 million. 

 On February 29, 2008, Chemtura completed the sale of the
oleochemicals business and recorded a net loss of $26 million. The assets sold included inventory of $26
million; accounts receivable of $23 million; goodwill of $13 million; property,
plant and equipment of $7 million; and intangible assets of $1 million. The oleochemicals business had revenues of
approximately $160 million in 2007. 
Proceeds from the transaction were used to reduce debt. 

 On January 31, 2008, Chemtura completed the sale of the fluorine
chemical business located at our El Dorado, Arkansas facility for an immaterial
net loss. The assets sold consisted of
patents and intangible assets of $12 million; inventory of $8 million;
property, plant and equipment of $8 million; and other current liabilities of
$1 million. The fluorine chemical
business had revenues of approximately $49 million in 2007. The fluorine chemical business is reported as
a discontinued operation in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

 (b) Financial
Information About Industry Segments 

 Information as to the sales,
operating profit, depreciation and amortization, assets, capital expenditures
and earnings on investments carried on the equity method attributable to each
of our business segments during each of our last three fiscal years is set
forth in Note 21- Business Segments in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 Our businesses are grouped into five reporting segments: Polymer
Additives (antioxidants, brominated performance products, flame retardants,
fumigants, polymer additives and inhibitors, PVC additives and surfactants),
Performance Specialties (petroleum additives and urethanes), Consumer Products,
Crop Protection, and Other (principally industrial water additives and rubber
chemicals). Details on the various types
of products and services provided by each segment are summarized in the
Narrative Description of Business section below. 

 4 

 Table of Contents 

 (c) Narrative
Description of Business 

 Products
and Services 

 We manufacture and market a wide variety of polymer and specialty
chemical products. The majority of our
products are sold to industrial customers for use as additives, ingredients or
intermediates that impart particular characteristics to the customers&#146; end
products. Our consumer products are sold
through local dealers, large retailers
and mass merchants. We have
approximately 3,400 United States and foreign granted patents and pending
patent applications and have approximately 4,900 United States and foreign
registered and pending trademarks in more than 100 countries. The end-use markets we serve include agriculture, automotive, construction,
electronics, general industrial, packaging, industrial lubricants, pool
and spa chemical and transportation. 

 The principal products and services offered are described below. 

 Polymer
Additives 

 We are a global leader in manufacturing and selling an extensive line
of additives to a broad range of industries including plastics, agricultural,
fine chemical, oilfield, building and construction, electronics, and automotive
industries. Polymer additives are
chemical additives designed to improve the performance of polymers in their
end-use applications. Segment products
include antioxidants, brominated performance products, flame retardants,
fumigants, polymerization additives and intermediates, PVC additives and surfactants. The products are sold across the entire value
chain ranging from direct sales to monomer producers, polymer manufacturers,
compounders and fabricators, fine chemical manufacturers and oilfield service
companies to industry distributors. 

 The Polymer Additives segment had net sales
of $1.6 billion for 2008, $1.8 billion for 2007 and $1.7 billion for 2006. This segment represents 45%, 48% and 50% of
Chemtura&#146;s total net sales in 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively. The major product offerings of this segment
are described below. 

 Antioxidants 

 Our antioxidant business consists of a wide
range of additives that inhibit the degradation of polymers caused by oxidation
and light. Incorporating such additives
into resin systems improves the durability and longevity of plastics used in
food packaging, consumer durables, automotive components and electrical
components. We are proficient in
blending a variety of these materials into specialized formulations uniquely
tailored to customer specific end-use requirements. 

 Brominated Performance Products 

 We are backwardly integrated to a primary
source of bromine and have a well developed business in supplying other types
of brominated performance products to a variety of industries including
agricultural, fine chemicals, pharmaceutical, electronics and oil well
drilling. Bromine is also a key raw
material for certain of our flame retardant products. On December 18, 2006, we entered into
several long-term supply and purchase agreements with TETRA Technologies, Inc.,
primarily to sell bromine to TETRA on an exclusive basis over a 23 year period
and to purchase sodium chloride over a period of 20 years. 

 Flame Retardants 

 Our flame retardant business holds a leading
global position with a comprehensive offering of bromine, phosphorus and
antimony-based flame retardants. With
increasing regulatory and fire safety performance demands, the use of these
products continues to grow in electrical components, construction materials,
automotive and furniture/furnishing applications. 

 5 

 Table of Contents 

 Fumigants 

 Part of our expertise in bromine-based
material is the production and distribution of methyl bromide, a fumigant used
to improve crop yields and protect grain in storage from pest infestation. Such materials are regularly used to treat
food processing plants, breweries, warehouses and grain elevators, as well as
rail cars, truck trailers and intermodal containers. While the use of methyl bromide has been
restricted by regulations, it continues to play an important role in protecting
the food chain. Where safe and effective
alternatives are not available, our products continue to be employed at cargo
ports where agricultural commodities need to be treated quickly and
comprehensively to prevent transmission of infestation across international
borders and as a pre-plant treatment to control weeds, diseases, insects and
nematodes in high value food crops leading to increased yields and higher fresh
produce quality. 

 Polymerization Additives &
Initiators 

 Catalysts and inhibitors are chemicals used
to initiate and terminate the polymerization reactions that transform monomers
into polymers. Polymer modifiers are
materials incorporated into resins to improve tensile strength and impact
resistance or to modulate density and impart elasticity. 

 PVC Additives 

 Our polyvinyl chloride additives consist
primarily of heat stabilizers that are essential to the processing of heat
sensitive resins. Without the inclusion
of such specialty additives, scorching of the resin during fabrication could
result, compromising the functionality and appearance of the finished product. High-value end-use applications with such
demanding aesthetic standards include vinyl exterior siding, synthetic flooring
and window profiles. Other large volume
construction-related uses include plumbing and drainage pipe, electrical
conduit and wire and cable coatings. As
the trend to reduce the use of traditional heavy metal stabilizers (lead and
cadmium) continues, Chemtura is well positioned with a family of commercially
proven, greener organic based heat stabilizers. 

 Surfactants 

 Surfactants help to homogenize
multi-component resin systems and to facilitate lubricity in the processing and
fabrication of such resins. On February 29,
2008, we completed the sale of our oleochemicals business, which was the
largest portion of our surfactants product offering. The oleochemicals business had revenues of
approximately $160 million in 2007. 

 Performance Specialties 

 Performance Specialties are engineered chemical solutions. Performance Specialties include petroleum
additives that provide detergency, friction modification and corrosion protection
in motor oils, greases, refrigeration and turbine lubricants; castable urethane
prepolymers engineered to provide superior abrasion resistance and durability
in many industrial and recreational applications; and polyurethane dispersions
and urethane prepolymers used in various types of coatings such as clear floor
finishes, high-gloss paints and textiles treatments. These products are sold directly to
manufacturers and through distribution channels. 

 On February 29, 2008, Chemtura completed the acquisition of the
remaining shares of Baxenden Chemicals Ltd (&#147;Baxenden&#148;). Baxenden complements the Company&#146;s existing
Witcobond dispersions and Fomrez polyester polyols segment offering related
products in key customer areas. The
acquisition allows us access to wider markets in the urethanes segment and
strengthens our position in Europe. 

 On January 31, 2007, Chemtura completed the acquisition of the
stock of Kaufman, which complements our existing Performance Specialties
segment by offering related products in key customer areas, providing the
opportunity to strengthen alliances with major suppliers, and offering
potential distribution synergies. 

 The Performance Specialties reporting segment had net sales of $999
million for 2008, $911 million for 2007 and $670 million for 2006 that
represent 28%, 24%, and 19% of Chemtura&#146;s total net sales, respectively. This segment is composed of petroleum
additives and urethanes product lines. 

 6 

 Table of Contents 

 Petroleum Additives 

 We are a global manufacturer and marketer of
high-performance additive components used in transport and industrial lubricant
applications. We are the global leader for alkylated diphenylamines
antioxidants (&#147;ADPAs&#148;), which are marketed as Naugalubes&#174; and used
predominately in motor oils. These
additives play a critical role in meeting rising regulatory standards for
engine performance. The component
product line also includes overbased and neutral calcium sulfonates used in
motor oils and marine lubricants. These sulfonates, marketed as Hybase&#174;
and Lobase&#174;, are oil-soluble
surfactants whose properties include detergency and corrosion protection to
help lubricants keep car, truck, and ship engines clean with minimal wear. Additionally, we manufacture barium and
sodium sulfonates, which provide corrosion protection and emulsification in
metalworking fluids and antioxidants. 
These chemicals are widely used by our customers in engine oils, gear
oils, industrial oils and greases. 

 We provide a variety of other highly
specialized, high value products. 
Foremost, our high-viscosity polyalphaolefins, marketed as Synton&#174;, and our broad portfolio of esters marketed
as Hatcol&#174;, are used in the
production of synthetic lubricants for automotive, refrigeration, aviation, and
industrial applications. We are also the
world&#146;s leader in high performing calcium sulfonate specialty greases and
phosphate ester based fluids and additives for power generation fluids and
anti-wear. 

 We are also a specialty supplier of high
performance finished lubricants serving the aviation and industrial market
segments. Our product line has extensive
original equipment manufacturer approvals and is marketed under our Anderol&#174;
and Royco&#174; brands, as well as for private label customers. 

 Urethanes 

 We are a leading supplier of high-performance
castable urethane polymers with more than 200 variations in our product
offering. Our urethanes offer high
abrasion resistance and durability in industrial and performance-specific
applications. These characteristics
allow us to market our urethanes to niche manufacturers where such qualities
are imperative, including for industrial and printing rolls, mining machinery
and equipment, mechanical goods, solid industrial tires and wheels, and
sporting and recreational goods, including golf ball covers and skate wheels. 

 Adiprene&#174;/Vibrathane&#174; urethane prepolymers are sold by our direct sales
force and through distribution partners in the United States, Canada,
Australia, Europe, Latin America and the Far East. Customers are serviced worldwide by a
dedicated technical staff whose support is a critical component of the product
offering. We believe the relatively low capital requirements of this
business provide us with the ability to operate very cost effectively. Our
development capabilities allow us to differentiate ourselves in these markets
by tailoring our products to the specialized needs of each customer application
which sets us apart from our competitors. 

 Our urethane chemicals business provides key
products to global polyurethane processors. The urethane chemicals business is
comprised of two product lines: Fomrez&#174; saturated polyester polyols and Witcobond&#174; polyurethane dispersions. These products are complementary to
equivalent ranges in our Baxenden Chemicals business which became 100% owned by
Chemtura on February 29, 2008. 
Fomrez polyester polyols are employed in industrial applications such as
flexible foam for seating. Our Witcobond
polyurethane dispersions are sold to a larger and more diverse customer base
primarily for coating applications such as flooring, fiberglass siding, and
textiles. The major markets served by
our urethane chemicals business are automotive, construction, leather/textile
finishing, and furniture. In
addition to Polyurethane dispersions and polyester resins, Baxenden Chemicals Limited is engaged
in the manufacture and marketing of isocyanate derivatives and specialty
polymer systems used in a wide range of coating, adhesive, sealant and
elastomer applications. Baxenden is
focused on specialty polymer and resin chemistry and novel curing mechanisms
for such polymers. 

 Consumer
Products 

 Consumer Products are performance chemicals that are sold to consumers
for in-home and outdoor use. Consumer
Products include recreational water purification products sold under a variety
of branded labels through local dealers and large retailers to assist consumers
in the maintenance of their pools and spas and branded cleaners and degreasers
sold primarily through mass merchants to consumers for home cleaning. 

 7 

 Table
of Contents 

 Our pool and spa product line produces and distributes sanitizers,
algicides, biocides, oxidizers, pH balancers, mineral balancers and other
specialty chemicals and accessories. Our
primary channels of distribution are pool and spa dealers and mass-market retailers
throughout North America, Europe, Australia and South Africa. We hold a leading position in the North
American pool and spa chemical business and we plan to strengthen our position
by expanding our dealer channels and our presence with leading mass market
retailers. Brands include BioGuard&#174;,
Aquachem&#174;, Pooltime&#174;, Omni&#174;, Bayrol&#174;, Poolbrite&#174;, Miami&#174;, and Crystal&#174;. 

 The Consumer Products business also operates in the specialty and
multi-purpose cleaners business with The Works&#174; brand of non-abrasive bathroom
cleaners, glass and surface cleaners, toilet bowl cleaners, drain openers and
rust and calcium removers, as well as the Greased Lightning&#174; family of
multipurpose cleaners. Our primary
channels of distribution are to major national retailers in the do-it-yourself,
hardware, mass market, club, and discount sectors. 

 The Consumer Products segment had net sales of $516 million for 2008,
$567 million for 2007 and $566 million for 2006. This segment represents 15%, 15% and 16% of
Chemtura&#146;s total net sales in 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. 

 Crop Protection 

 Our Crop Protection business focuses on
specific target markets in six major product lines: seed treatments,
fungicides, miticides, insecticides, growth regulants and herbicides. We have primarily developed our products for
use on high-value target markets such as tree and vine fruits, ornamentals and
nuts and secondarily for commodity row crops such as soybeans, oilseed rape and
corn. Our dedicated sales force works
with growers and distributors to promote the use of our products throughout a
crop&#146;s growth cycle and to address selective regional, climate, and growth
opportunities. We expand our presence in
worldwide targeted markets by developing or acquiring crop protection products
and obtaining registrations for new uses and geographies where demand for our
products and services has potential for growth. We develop and sell our own
products and we also sell and register products manufactured by others on a
license and/or resale basis. 

 Our seed treatments are used to coat seeds in
order to protect the seed during germination and initial growth phases. Seed
treatment is an environmentally attractive form of crop protection involving
localized use of agricultural chemicals at much lower use rates than other
agrichemical treatments. We anticipate
growth in seed treatment resulting from the expanded use of higher value
genetically modified seed. On March 24,
2006, Chemtura acquired the Trace Chemicals business from Bayer CropScience
LP. Trace Chemicals is a leader in
farmer-applied seed treatments in markets serving the United States. The acquisition serves to enhance our
offerings in this fast growing crop market. 

 The Crop Protection business works closely
with our customers, distributors, research stations and individual growers as
part of an on-the-ground coordinated effort. We develop products in response to
ongoing customer demands, drawing upon existing technologies and tailoring them
to match immediate needs. For example, a grower&#146;s crops may require varying
levels of treatment depending on weather conditions and the degree of
infestation. Our research and technology is therefore geared towards responding
to threats to crops around the world as they emerge under a variety of
conditions. 

 Our Crop Protection business benefits from
nearly 50 years of experience in the field, along with product registrations in
more than 90 countries. Our experience with registering products is a valuable
asset, as registration is a significant barrier to entry, particularly in
developed countries. Registration of products is a complex process in which we
have developed proficiency over time. The breadth of our distribution network
and the depth of our experience enable us to focus on profitable markets that have
been less sensitive to competitive pricing pressures than broad commodity
segments of the market. This position allows us to attract licensing and resale
opportunities from partner companies providing us new products and technologies
to accompany our own existing chemistries. 

 The Crop Protection business sells its products in North America
through a distribution network consisting of more than 100 distributor outlets
that sell directly to end use customers. Internationally the Crop Protection
business&#146;s direct sales force services over 1,400 distributors, dealers,
cooperatives, seed companies and large growers. 

 8 

 Table of Contents 

 The Crop Protection reporting segment had net
sales of $394 million for 2008, $352 million for 2007 and $311 million for
2006, which represents 11%, 9% and 9% of Chemtura&#146;s total net
sales in 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. 

 Other 

 The Other segment consists of our non-core businesses. In 2008, this category included industrial
water additives and rubber chemicals. 
The rubber chemicals business sold the Celogen&#174; foaming agents product
line in the second quarter of 2007, and its antioxidants, secondary
accelerators, bonding agents, waxes, and certain antiozonants were realigned
under our Polymer Additives segment. 
Rubber chemicals represented in this segment in 2008 were 6PPD
antiozonants and their derivatives and primary accelerators, but these products
have since been discontinued and will no longer be produced in 2009. 

 Industrial Water Additives are used in the desalination processes and
include antiscalents, corrosion inhibitors, dispersants, antifoams and superior
bromine-based non-oxidizing and oxidizing microbiological control
products. The industrial water additives
business was divested in the second quarter of 2006. However, Chemtura continues to manufacture
and sell these products to the purchaser of this business under supply
agreements. 

 Rubber Chemicals are antiozonants that protect
rubber compounds from cracking and deteriorating from exposure to ozone as well
as providing resistance to oxygen and heat. 
The primary accelerators are used to accelerate the rubber curing during
fabrication. 

 The Other reporting segment had net sales of $57 million in 2008, $111
million in 2007 and $199 million in 2006, which represents 2%, 3% and 6% of
Chemtura&#146;s total net sales in 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. 

 Sources of
Raw Materials 

 Hydrocarbon-based
and inorganic chemicals constitute the majority of the raw materials required
to manufacture our products. These
materials are generally available from a number of sources, some of which are
foreign. We use significant amounts of ethylene, propylene and benzene primary
derivatives. In addition, chlorine,
caustic, other petrochemicals, tin and soybean oil represent the key materials
used in our chemical manufacturing processes. 
Large increases in the cost of such key raw materials, as well as
natural gas, which powers some key production facilities, could adversely
affect our operating margins if we are not able to pass the higher costs on to
our customers through higher selling prices. 
While temporary shortages of raw materials we use may occur occasionally,
key raw materials are generally available. 
However, their continuing availability and price are subject to domestic
and world market and political conditions and regulations. Major requirements for key raw materials are
purchased typically pursuant to multi-year contracts. 

 Seasonal
Business 

 With the exception of the Crop Protection
business and the pool and spa product line in our Consumer Products segment, no
material portion of any segment of our business is significantly seasonal. Our Crop Protection business is seasonal in
nature and corresponds to agricultural cycles. 
Similarly, in the Consumer Products business, approximately 80% of total
revenue comes from sales of our pool chemicals business serving the North
American and European recreational water market. These markets generally record higher sales
in the second and third quarters of each year. 

 Customers 

 No one customer&#146;s business accounts for more
than ten percent of our consolidated net sales. 

 Employees 

 We had approximately 4,700 full time
employees within our wholly-owned operations at December 31, 2008. 

 9 

 Table of Contents 

 Competitive
Conditions 

 The breadth of our product offering provides multiple channels for
growth and lessens our dependence on any one market. We sell our products in
more than 100 countries and this worldwide presence reduces our exposure to any
one country&#146;s or region&#146;s economy. 

 We have a broad customer base and believe that our products, many of
which we customize for the specific needs of our customers, allow us to enhance
customer loyalty and attract customers that value product innovation and
reliable supply. 

 Product performance, quality, price, and technical and customer service
are all important factors in competing in substantially all of our businesses. 

 We face significant competition in many of the markets in which we
operate due to the trends toward global expansion and consolidation by
competitors. Some of our existing
competitors are larger than we are and may have more resources and better
access to capital markets for continued expansion or new product development
than we do. Some of our competitors also
have a greater product range, are more vertically integrated or have better
distribution capability than we do for specific products or geographical areas. 

 Research
and Development 

 Our research and development expenditures totaled $51 million in 2008,
$62 million in 2007 and $61 million in 2006. 
Research and development works with each business within Chemtura to
help bring safe and effective new products to market in a timely manner while
also maintaining existing product registrations required by regulatory agencies
around the world. 

 Intellectual
Property and Licenses 

 We have approximately 3,400
United States and foreign granted patents and pending patent applications and
have approximately 4,900 United States and foreign registered and pending
trademarks. Patents, trade names,
trademarks, know-how, trade secrets, formulae, and manufacturing techniques
assist in maintaining the competitive position of certain of our products. Patents, formulae, and know-how are of
particular importance in the manufacture of a number of specialty chemicals
manufactured and sold by us. We are
licensed to use certain patents and technologies owned by other companies,
including some foreign companies, to manufacture products complementary to our
own products, for which we pay royalties in amounts not considered material to
our consolidated financial results. 
Products to which we have such rights include certain crop protection
chemicals. 

 Environmental Matters 

 Chemical companies are subject
to extensive environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things,
emissions to the air, discharges to land, surface, subsurface strata and water
and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal
of waste and other materials. Chemical companies
are also subject to other federal, state and local laws and regulations
regarding health and safety matters. 

 10 

 Table of Contents 

 Environmental
Health and Safety Regulation - We believe that our
business, operations and facilities have been and are being operated in
substantial compliance, in all material respects, with applicable
environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, many of which provide
for substantial fines and criminal sanctions for violations. The ongoing operations of chemical manufacturing
plants, however, entail risks in these areas and there can be no assurance that
material costs or liabilities will not be incurred. In addition, future developments of
environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and related enforcement
policies, could bring into question the handling, manufacture, use, emission or
disposal of substances or pollutants at facilities we own, use or control. These developments could involve potential
significant expenditures in our manufacture, use or disposal of certain
products or wastes. To meet changing
permitting and regulatory standards, we may be required to make significant
site or operational modifications, potentially involving substantial
expenditures and reduction or suspension of certain operations. We incurred $20 million of costs for capital
projects and $72 million for operating and maintenance costs related to
environmental health and safety programs at our facilities during 2008.In 2009,
we expect to incur approximately $18 million of costs for capital projects and
$78 million for operating and maintenance costs related to environmental health
and safety programs at our facilities. 
During 2008, we paid $15 million to remediate previously utilized waste
disposal sites and current and past facilities. 
We expect to spend approximately $14 million during 2009 to remediate
such waste disposal sites and current and former facilities. 

 Pesticide
Regulation - Our Crop Protection business is subject
to regulation under various federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations
relating to the manufacture, sale and use of pesticide products. 

 In August 1996,
Congress enacted the Food Quality Protection Act of 1996 (&#147;FQPA&#148;), which made
significant changes to the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act
(&#147;FIFRA&#148;), governing U.S. sale and use of pesticide products and the Federal
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (&#147;FFDCA&#148;), which limits pesticide residues on
food. FQPA facilitated registrations and re-registrations of pesticides
for special (so called &#147;minor&#148;) uses under FIFRA and authorized collection of
maintenance fees to support pesticide re-registrations. Coordination of
regulations implementing FIFRA and FFDCA is now required. Food safety
provisions of FQPA establish a single standard of safety for pesticide residue
on raw and processed foods, require that information be provided through large
food retail stores to consumers about the health risks of pesticide residues
and how to avoid them, preempt 

 state
and local food safety laws if they are based on concentrations of pesticide
residues below recently established federal residue limits (called &#147;tolerances&#148;),
and ensure that tolerances protect the health of infants and children. 

 FFDCA,
as amended by FQPA, authorizes the Environmental Protection Agency (&#147;EPA&#148;) to
set a tolerance for a pesticide in or on food at a level which poses &#147;a
reasonable certainty of no harm&#148; to consumers. The EPA is required to
review all tolerances for all pesticide products. Most of our products
have successfully completed review, others are currently under review and other
products will be reviewed under this standard in the future. 

 The
European Union Commission has established procedures whereby all existing crop
protection active ingredient chemicals commercially available in the EU are to
be reviewed. The regulation 91/414 came into force in 1993 and the
process was updated in 2007 and 2008. The original list of existing
chemicals was prioritized and divided into 4 parts. Chemtura had four chemicals on the first
list, three of which were successfully supported through the review, which
results in inclusion onto Annex I of 91/414, while the fourth was withdrawn by
us for commercial reasons. The remainder of our products will be
reviewed in future years with the overall process expected to be completed by
the end of 2010. The process may lead to full registration in member states of
the EU or may lead to some restrictions or cancellation of registrations if it
is determined that a product poses an unacceptable risk. 

 11 

 Table
of Contents 

 Chemical
Regulation: REACH - In December 2006, the
European Union signed the Registration, Evaluation and Authorization of
Chemicals (&#147;REACH&#148;) legislation. This legislation requires chemical
manufacturers and importers in the European Union (&#147;EU&#148;) to demonstrate the
safety of the chemical substances contained in products. The effective
date of the legislation was June 1, 2007 and it required all covered
substances to be pre-registered by November 30, 2008. Since December 1,
2008, no product containing covered substances can be manufactured in or
imported into the EU unless the substances therein have been
pre-registered. The full registration of
REACH will be phased in over the next ten years. The registration deadlines are as follows:
2010 for chemical substances manufactured or imported in excess of 1,000 metric
tons per year and for substances deemed to be particularly harmful to humans or
the environment, 2013 for substances manufactured or imported in the EU between
100 and 1,000 metric tons per year and 2018 for substances manufactured or
imported in the EU in quantities greater than 1 metric ton per year The
registration process will require expenditures and resource commitments to
compile and file comprehensive chemical dossiers on the use and attributes of
each chemical substance and to perform chemical safety assessments. In addition, each registration phase carries
with it a registration fee, which ranges from &#128;31,500 (approximately $44,000)
per substance for high-risk, high tonnage band substances to &#128;1,600
(approximately $2,000) for substances registered in the lowest tonnage
band. We pre-registered approximately 1,200 substances and submitted
2,200 pre-registration dossiers covering multiple affiliated legal
entities. REACH costs in 2008 were less
than $1 million. We anticipate
REACH-related costs of approximately $7 million in 2009, $16 million in 2010
(including the first wave of Registration fees) and $3 million in 2011. 
The implementation of the REACH registration process may affect our ability to
manufacture and sell certain products in the future. 

 (d) Geographic
Information 

 The information with respect to sales and property,
plant and equipment attributable to each of our major geographic areas served
for each of our last three fiscal years is set forth in the Note 21 - Business
Segments in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 We consider the risks relating to operations
of our foreign subsidiaries comparable to those of other U.S. companies which
operate subsidiaries in developed countries. 
These risks include risks of political change, change in tax
regulations, change in business climate, economic changes and foreign currency
volatility. 

 (e) Available
Information 

 Our internet
website address is www.chemtura.com. We
make available free of charge on or through our internet website our Annual
Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports
on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such
material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

 Our Corporate Governance Principles, Code of Business
Conduct and charters for our Audit Committee and our Organization, Compensation
and Governance Committee are available on our website and will be available,
free of charge, to any stockholder who requests them from the Corporate
Secretary at Chemtura Corporation, 199 Benson Road, Middlebury, CT 06749
USA. The information contained on our
website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
and should not be considered a part of this Annual Report. 

 ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

 The factors described below represent the principal risks that could
materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. Except as otherwise
indicated, these factors may or may not occur and we cannot predict the
likelihood of any such factor occurring. 
Other risk factors may exist that we do not consider significant based
on information that is currently available. 
In addition, new risks may emerge at any time, and we cannot predict
those risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect our financial
performance. 

 12 

 Table
of Contents 

 Our failure to comply with the financial
covenants contained in our senior credit agreement could have a material
adverse impact on our business as a whole. 

 Due to the
sharp decline in customer demand in November and December 2008, and
the resulting decline in sales, our financial performance deteriorated sharply
in the fourth quarter of 2008 resulting in our inability to be in compliance
with the two financial maintenance covenants under the Credit Facility as of December 31,
2008. On December 30, 2008, we
obtained a 90-day waiver of compliance with these covenants from the lenders
under the Credit Facility. This waiver
expires on March 30, 2009. In the
current economic environment, it is unlikely that our financial performance in
2009 will be sufficient to enable us to be in compliance with these covenants
as of March 31, 2009 and for the balance of 2009. We will therefore require a further amendment
and waiver from the lenders under our Credit Facility prior to the expiration
of the current waiver period in order to avoid a default under the Credit
Facility. While a sale of business
assets may generate sufficient proceeds to meet the maturity of the 2009 Notes
in July of 2009, the proceeds may not be sufficient to reduce our indebtedness
to a level where it can be in compliance with these covenants in light of our
trailing twelve month financial performance at that time. It is therefore probable that an amendment of
the financial maintenance covenants under the Credit Facility will be required
at the time the lenders consider consenting to the asset sale. There can be no assurances that the lenders
will grant such further waivers or amendments on commercially reasonable terms,
if at all. 

 Certain of our
debt financing arrangements contain cross-acceleration and cross default
provisions. Accordingly, certain
defaults under one debt agreement could result in certain other outstanding
debt becoming immediately due and payable. 
In addition, a material adverse change in our business or financial
condition could result in an early termination of our Credit Facility and our
new U.S. accounts receivable facility. 

 An inability to sell business assets to meet
the maturity of our 2009 notes could materially and adversely affect our financial
condition. 

 Our $370
million 2009 Notes are due and payable on July 15, 2009. In light of the recent changes in the
financial markets, we decided in October 2008 to initiate the sale of
certain business assets in order to generate the funds to meet the pending
maturity. Unless we can complete a
planned asset sale or a debt refinancing transaction with net after-tax
proceeds sufficient to meet the redemption of these notes, we will default on
our obligation to redeem these notes upon maturity. Any such default would cause a default under
certain of our other debt obligations due to cross default provisions in those
agreements. The asset sale process is
progressing with certain buyers currently working to complete their due
diligence. Upon completion of due
diligence, it is expected that buyers will submit final offers and we will be
able to determine if a transaction can be completed and if so, what the net
proceeds may be. However, until a
definitive agreement has been negotiated, executed, and the sale has closed,
there can be no assurances that we will complete an asset sale(s) or have
the funds to redeem our 2009 Notes upon maturity. Further, any such asset sale and the use of
resulting net proceeds, requires the consent of the lenders under the Credit
Facility and the purchasers under our new U.S. accounts receivable facility. Even if we are successful in selling an
asset, there is no assurance that the proceeds will be sufficient to meet our
liquidity needs and we may need to seek to modify the terms of our debts
through court reorganization proceedings to allow us, among other things, to
reorganize our capital structure. 

 Our ability to fund operations is limited by
the liquidity under our financing agreements. 

 Our ability to fund our working capital needs
and capital expenditures is limited by the net cash provided by operations,
cash on hand and the liquidity available under the credit lines granted by our
lenders. Under the terms of the
amendment and waiver agreement dated December 30, 2008 with the lenders
under our Credit Facility, the amount we can borrow under the
Credit Facility revolver was limited to $180 million for the period ending December 31,
2008, $195 million for the period ending January 31, 2009 and then $190
million for the period ending March 30, 2009. 

 Further, the availability under our accounts
receivable facilities is limited by the level of accounts receivable we create,
the eligibility requirements and reserves specified by the purchasers under
these facilities, and other terms of these agreements. Any protracted decline in net cash provided
by operations, changes in these credit facilities or changes in the credit our
suppliers provide to us, could rapidly exhaust our liquidity. There is no assurance additional credit
facilities can be obtained to provide additional liquidity. 

 13 

 Table
of Contents 

 A decline in general economic conditions and
other external factors may adversely impact our results of operations. 

 External
factors, including general economic conditions, international events and
circumstances, competitor actions and governmental regulation are beyond our
control and can cause fluctuations in demand and volatility in the price of raw
materials and other costs that can intensify the impact of economic cycles on
our operations. We produce a broad range of products that are used as additives and
components in other products in a wide variety of end-use markets. As a result, our products may be negatively
impacted by supply and demand instability in other industries and the effects
of that instability on supply chain participants. Economic and political conditions in
countries in which we operate may also adversely impact our operations. These same risks may also impact the
financial markets and may negatively affect our access to capital. While these external factors may adversely
affect our businesses, we believe that the
breadth of our product offering lessens our dependence on any one market and
that our worldwide presence further reduces our exposure to economic conditions
or political instability in any one country or region. 

 The effects of the deepening recession that
we started to experience in November 2008 demonstrated the sensitivity of
some of our product lines to changes in general economic conditions. The impacts of the &#147;credit crisis&#148; in 2008
have shown how changes in the financial markets can restrict our access to capital. 

 Significant competition may force us to reduce prices, which may
adversely impact our results of operations. 

 We face significant competition in many of the markets in which we
operate due to the trend toward global expansion and consolidation by competitors. Some of our existing competitors are larger
than we are and may have more resources and better access to capital markets to
facilitate continued expansion or new product development. Some of our competitors also have greater
product range or better distribution capability than we do for specific
products or geographic regions. Price
competition also exists in some of the markets in which we participate where
customers are sensitive to changes in price. 
Additionally, other factors such as industry overcapacity and lower cost
structures have the effect of putting downward pressure on prices. We expect that we will continue to face new
competitive challenges as well as additional risks inherent in international
operations in developing regions. We
also expect to face increased competition from the further use and introduction
of generic and alternative products by our competitors. This increased competition could cause us to
reduce our prices and take other steps to compete effectively, which could
negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows. In addition, even if we were to raise prices,
the reactions of our competitors and
customers to such price increases could cause us to reevaluate and
possibly reverse such price increases or risk a loss in sales volumes. 

 The cyclicality of the chemicals industry may cause significant
fluctuations in our operating results and cash flows. 

 Our historical operating results reflect the cyclical and volatile
nature of the supply and demand balance of the chemicals industry. The chemicals industry has experienced
alternating periods of inadequate capacity and tight supply, allowing prices
and profit margins to increase, followed by periods when substantial capacity
is added, resulting in oversupply, over-capacity and corresponding declining
utilization rates, causing declining prices and profit margins. The cyclicality of the markets in which we
operate may result in volatile operating results and cash flow over our
business cycle. Future growth in product
demand may not be sufficient to utilize current or future capacity. Excess industry capacity may continue to
depress our volumes and margins on some products. Due to excess industry capacity, rising
energy costs and rising raw materials costs, operating results may be volatile. 

 14 

 Table
of Contents 

 Any disruption in the availability or price of the raw materials or
energy utilized for our products may have a material adverse effect on our
operating results. 

 We purchase large amounts of raw materials and energy for our
businesses. The costs of these materials
and energy, in the aggregate, represent a substantial portion of our operating
expenses. The prices and availability of
the raw materials we use vary with market conditions and may be highly
volatile. Over the past few years, and
particularly in 2008, we have experienced significant cost increases in
purchases of petrochemicals, tin, soybean oil, other raw materials and our
primary energy source, natural gas. While we have and will continue to
attempt to match raw material or energy price increases with corresponding
product price increases, we may not be able to immediately raise product
prices, if at all. Ultimately, our
ability to pass on increases in the cost of raw materials or energy to
customers is greatly dependent upon market conditions and raising prices
charged to our customers could result in a loss of sales volume. There have been in the past, and will likely
be in the future, periods of time during which we are unable to pass raw
material and energy price increases on to our customers, in whole or in part. Reactions
by our customers and competitors to our price increases could cause us to
reevaluate and possibly reverse such price increases, which may increase our
operating expenses and negatively affect our operating results. 

 The results of our Crop Protection business are dependent on weather,
disease, and pest conditions and can be affected by local and regional economic
circumstances. The results of our
Consumer Products business are also dependent on weather conditions. Adverse weather or economic conditions could
materially affect our results of operations. 

 Sales volumes for our Crop Protection business, as with all
agricultural products, are subject to the sector&#146;s dependency on weather,
disease, and pest infestation conditions. 
Adverse weather conditions in a particular region could materially
adversely affect our Crop Protection business. 
Demand for crop protection products is also influenced by the
agricultural policies of governments and regulatory authorities particularly in
developing countries in regions where we do business, such as in Asia and Latin
America. Changes in governmental
policies or product registration requirements could have an adverse impact on
our ability to market and sell our products. 
Also, Crop Protection products typically are sold pursuant to contracts
with extended payment terms in Latin America and Europe. Customary extended payment periods, which are
tied to particular crop growing cycles, make our Crop Protection business
susceptible to losses from receivables during economic downturns and may
adversely affect our operating results and our cash flows. 

 Our pool and spa products in the Consumer Products business are
primarily used in swimming pools and hot tubs. 
Demand for these products is influenced by a variety of factors
including seasonal weather patterns. An
adverse change in weather patterns during pool season could adversely affect
the demand for and profitability of our pool and spa products. We saw this occur in the United States at the
start of the 2008 pool season when weather was unseasonably cold and wet. 

 Current and future litigation, governmental investigations and
administrative claims, including antitrust-related governmental investigations
and lawsuits, could harm our financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. 

 We are currently involved in a number of governmental investigations
and administrative claims, including antitrust-related governmental
investigations and civil lawsuits. 
Further, we have incurred and could incur additional expenses in the
future in connection with antitrust-related matters, including expenses related
to our cooperation with governmental authorities and defense related civil
lawsuits. 

 We are also involved in several significant lawsuits and claims
relating to environmental matters. In
addition, we are routinely subject to other civil claims, litigation and
arbitration, and regulatory investigations arising in the ordinary course of
our present businesses, as well as with respect to our divested
businesses. Some of these claims and
lawsuits relate to product liability claims, including claims related to
current products and asbestos related claims concerning the premises and
historic products of our corporate affiliates and predecessors. We also could become subject to additional
claims in the future. An adverse outcome
of one or more of these claims could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations or cash flows. 

 15 

 Table
of Contents 

 Environmental, health and safety regulation matters could have a
substantial negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. 

 We are subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign
environmental, safety and health laws and regulations concerning, among other
things, emissions in the air, discharges to land and water, and the generation,
handling, treatment and disposal of hazardous waste and other materials. Our operations entail the risk of violations of
those laws and sanctions for violations such as clean-up costs, costs of waste
disposal, and payments for property damage and personal injury. Although it is our policy to comply with such
laws and regulations, it is possible that we have not been or may not be at all
times in compliance with all of these requirements. 

 In addition, these requirements, and enforcement of these requirements,
may become more stringent in the future. 
The ultimate cost of compliance with any such requirements could be material. Non-compliance could subject us to material
liabilities such as government fines or orders, third-party lawsuits,
remediations, and settlements or the suspension of non-compliant operations. We may also be required to make significant
site or operational modifications at substantial cost. Future regulatory or other developments could
also restrict or eliminate the use of or require us to make modifications to
our products, packaging, manufacturing processes and technology, which could
have a significant adverse impact on our cash flow and results of operations. 

 At any given time, we are involved in claims, litigation,
administrative proceedings, settlements, and investigations of various types in
a number of jurisdictions involving potential environmental liabilities,
including clean-up costs associated with hazardous waste disposal sites,
natural resource damages, property damage, personal injury, and regulatory
compliance or noncompliance. The
resolution of these environmental matters could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations or cash flow. 

 We are an international company and are exposed to risks in the
countries in which we have significant operations or interests. Changes in foreign laws and regulatory
requirements, export controls or international tax treaties could adversely
affect our results of operations. 

 We are dependent, in large part, on the economies of the countries in
which we manufacture and market our products. 
Of our 2008 net sales, 48% were to customers in the U.S. and Canada, 32%
to Europe and Africa, 15% to Asia/Pacific and 5% to Latin America. Our net property, plant and equipment at December 31,
2008 was located 67% in the U.S. and Canada, 29% in Europe and Africa, 3% in
Asia/Pacific and 1% in Latin America. 
The economies of countries in these areas are in different stages of
socioeconomic development. Consequently,
we are exposed to risks from changes in foreign currency exchange rates,
interest rates, inflation, governmental spending, social instability and other
political, economic or social developments that may materially affect,
positively or negatively, our results of operations or cash flows. We may also face difficulties managing and
administering an internationally dispersed business. In particular, the management of our
personnel across several countries can present logistical and managerial
challenges. Additionally, international
operations present challenges related to operating under different business
cultures and languages. We may have to
comply with unexpected changes in foreign laws and regulatory requirements
which could negatively impact our operations and ability to manage our global
financial resources. Export controls or
other regulatory restrictions could prevent us from shipping our products into
and from some markets. We may not be
able to adequately protect our trademarks and other intellectual property
overseas due to uncertainty of laws and enforcement in a number of countries
relating to the protection of intellectual property rights. Changes in tax regulation and international
tax treaties could significantly reduce the financial performance of our
foreign operations or the magnitude of their contributions to our overall
financial performance. 

 16 

 Table
of Contents 

 The
inability to register our products in member states of the European Union under
the REACH legislation may lead to some restrictions or cancellations of
registrations, which could impact our ability to manufacture and sell certain
products. 

 In December 2006,
the European Union signed the Registration, Evaluation and Authorization of
Chemicals (&#147;REACH&#148;) legislation. This legislation requires chemical
manufacturers and importers in the European Union (&#147;EU&#148;) to demonstrate the
safety of the chemical substances contained in products. The effective
date of the legislation was June 1, 2007 and it required all covered
substances to be pre-registered by November 30, 2008. Since December 1,
2008, no product containing covered substances can be manufactured in or
imported into the EU unless the substances therein have been
pre-registered. The full registration of
REACH will be phased in over the next ten years. The registration deadlines are as follows:
2010 for chemical substances manufactured or imported in excess of 1,000 metric
tons per year and for substances deemed to be particularly harmful to humans or
the environment, 2013 for substances manufactured or imported in the EU between
100 and 1,000 metric tons per year and 2018 for substances manufactured or
imported in the EU in quantities greater than 1 metric ton per year. The
registration process will require expenditures and resource commitments to
compile and file comprehensive chemical dossiers on the use and attributes of
each chemical substance and to perform chemical safety assessments. In addition, each registration phase carries
with it a registration fee, which ranges from &#128;31,500 (approximately $44,000)
per substance for high-risk, high tonnage band substances to &#128;1,600
(approximately $2,000) for substances registered in the lowest tonnage
band. We pre-registered approximately 1,200 substances and submitted
2,200 pre-registration dossiers covering multiple affiliated legal
entities. REACH costs in 2008 were less
than $1 million. We anticipate
REACH-related costs of approximately $7 million in 2009, $16 million in 2010
(including the first wave of Registration fees) and $3 million in 2011. The implementation of REACH registration
processes may affect our ability to manufacture and sell certain products in
the future. 

 Our results of operations are subject to
exchange rate and other currency risks. 
A significant movement in exchange rates could adversely impact our
results of operations. 

 Significant portions of our businesses are conducted in currencies
other than the U.S. dollar. This means
that foreign currency exchange rates affect our operating results. The following table shows the impact of
foreign currency exchange rates on our pre-tax loss from continuing operations
and net sales for 2008, 2007 and 2006: 

 Year Ended December 31 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 Pre-tax loss from continuing operations 

 $ 

 (1,000 

 ) 

 $ 

 (41 

 ) 

 $ 

 (147 

 ) 

 Impact of favorable (unfavorable) foreign
 currency translation on pre-tax earnings (loss) from continuing operations 

 $ 

 7 

 $ 

 (6 

 ) 

 $ 

 (3 

 ) 

 Net sales 

 $ 

 3,546 

 $ 

 3,747 

 $ 

 3,458 

 Impact of favorable foreign currency
 translation on net sales 

 $ 

 52 

 $ 

 61 

 $ 

 6 

 Effects of exchange rate fluctuations upon our future operating results
cannot be predicted because of the number of currencies involved, the
variability of currency exposures, and the potential volatility of currency
exchange rates. We will face risks
arising from the imposition of exchange controls and currency
devaluations. Restrictions with our debt
agreements and constraints on our liquidity may restrict our ability to hedge
foreign exchange exposures. Exchange
controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars
or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or
businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls. Currency devaluations result in diminished
value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the
devaluation. Actions of this nature
could adversely affect our earnings or cash flow. 

 17 

 Table
of Contents 

 We have unfunded and underfunded pension plans and post-retirement
health care plans, which, if changes to the funded status occur, could
adversely impact our results of operations or cash flows. 

 We have unfunded obligations under our domestic tax-qualified defined
benefit pension plans totaling approximately $196 million on a projected
benefit obligation basis as of December 31, 2008. The value of our plan investments declined in
2008 as equity markets declined. Further
declines in the value of the plan investments or unfavorable changes in laws or
regulations that govern pension plan funding could materially change the timing
and amount of required pension funding. 
We also sponsor foreign and non-qualified pension plans under which
there are substantial unfunded liabilities totaling approximately $180 million
on a projected benefit obligation basis as of December 31, 2008. In addition, we sponsor post-retirement
health care plans under which there are substantial unfunded liabilities
totaling approximately $155 million on a projected benefit obligation basis as
of December 31, 2008. Mandatory
funding contributions with respect to our tax-qualified pension plans and
potential unfunded benefit liability claims could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. 

 Changes in our sales strategy may impact our results of operations and
our ability to service our customers. 

 We use third-party distributors for sales and service to some customers
that purchase small annual quantities of our products. We believe that this action will lower our
costs associated with serving smaller customers, thus enhancing profitability
and reducing our investment in inventory. 
However, it is possible that changing our sales strategy with respect to
these customers could result in the loss of volume to some customers or some
disruption in selling and in inventory management during the transition. 

 We are dependent upon a trained, dedicated
sales force, the loss of which could materially affect our operations. 

 Many of our products are sold and supported through dedicated staff and
specifically trained personnel. The loss
of this sales force due to market or other conditions could affect our ability
to sell and support our products effectively, which could have an adverse
effect on our results of operations. 

 Production facilities are subject to operating risks that may adversely
affect our financial condition or results of operations. 

 We are dependent on the continued operation of our production
facilities. Such production facilities
are subject to hazards associated with the manufacturing, handling, storage,
and transportation of chemical materials and products, including pipeline leaks
and ruptures, explosions, fires, inclement weather and natural disasters, mechanical
failure, unscheduled downtime, labor difficulties, transportation interruptions,
remediation complications, chemical spills, discharges or releases of toxic or
hazardous gases, storage tank leaks, and other environmental risks. These hazards can cause personal injury and
loss of life, severe damage to, or destruction of, property and equipment and
environmental damage, fines, and liabilities and could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows. 

 Our business depends upon many proprietary technologies, including patents
and licenses. Our competitive position
could be adversely affected if we fail to protect our patents or other
intellectual property rights, or if we become subject to claims that we are
infringing upon the rights of others. 

 We have approximately 3,400 United States and foreign granted patents
and pending patent applications and have approximately 4,900 United States and
foreign registered and pending trademarks. 
Patents, trademarks, trade secrets in the nature of know-how,
formulations, and manufacturing techniques assist us in maintaining the
competitive position of certain of our products. Our intellectual property is of particular
importance to a number of specialty chemicals we manufacture and sell. We are licensed to use certain patents and
technology owned by other companies, including some foreign companies, to
manufacture products complementary to our own products, for which we pay
royalties in amounts not considered material, in the aggregate, to our
consolidated results. Our trademarks or the
patents we own or license may be challenged, and due to such challenges we
could lose our exclusive rights to our proprietary technologies, which would
adversely affect our competitive position and our results of operations. 

 18 

 Table
of Contents 

 We also rely on unpatented proprietary know-how and continuing
technological innovation and other trade secrets to develop and maintain our
competitive position. While it is our
policy to enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees and third
parties to restrict the use and disclosure of our trade secrets and proprietary
know-how, those confidentiality agreements may be breached. In addition, adequate remedies may not be
available in the event of an unauthorized use or disclosure of such trade
secrets and know-how, and others could obtain knowledge of such trade secrets
through independent development or other access by legal means. The failure of our patents, trademarks or
confidentiality agreements to protect our processes, apparatuses, technology,
trade secrets, or proprietary know-how could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

 Our patents may not provide full protection against competing
manufacturers outside of the United States, the European Union countries, and
certain other developed countries. 
Weaker protection may adversely impact our sales and results of
operations. 

 In some of the countries in which we operate, such as China, the laws
protecting patent holders are significantly weaker than in the United States,
the European Union, and certain other developed countries. Weaker protection may help competing
manufacturers be or become more competitive in markets where, but for the
weaker protection, they might not otherwise be able to introduce competing
products for a number of years. We
therefore tend, in these regions, to rely more heavily upon trade secret and
know-how protection, as applicable, than we do patents. In addition, for our crop protection products
being sold in China, we rely on regulatory protection of intellectual property
provided by regulatory agencies that may not provide us with complete
protection against competitors. 

 An inability to remain technologically innovative and to offer improved
products and services in a cost-effective manner could adversely impact our
operating results. 

 Our operating results are influenced in part by our ability to
introduce new products and services that offer distinct value to our
customers. For example, our Crop
Protection business seeks to provide tailored products for our customers&#146; often
unique problems, which requires an ongoing level of innovation. In many of the markets where we sell our
products, the products are subject to a traditional product life cycle. We devote significant human and financial
resources to develop new technologically advanced products and services and we
may not be successful in our research and development efforts. 

 Convergence of our information systems could
have an adverse affect on our internal controls over financial reporting or our
results of operations. 

 We are consolidating our multiple ERP systems on a single instance of
SAP 6.0 in order to standardize our business process and data, together with
creating efficiencies in processing information. The transition from these systems or the
inability to transition to one standard system could adversely affect our
business and operations and the timeliness with which we report our internal
and external operating results. 

 Any discord with our venture partners could potentially adversely
affect the business and operations of the ventures and, in turn, adversely affect
our business and operations. 

 A portion of our operations is conducted through certain ventures. We
share control of these ventures with third parties and in the event that our
venture partners do not observe their venture obligations, it is possible that
the affected venture would not be able to operate in accordance with its
business plans or that we would have to increase our level of commitment to the
venture to give effect to those plans. 
By making these arrangements with third parties, we run the risk of
encountering differences of opinion or having difficulty in reaching consensus
with respect to certain business issues. 

 19 

 Table
of Contents 

 If we do not meet the New York Stock Exchange continued listing
requirements, our common stock may be delisted. 

 We were notified by the New York Stock Exchange (&#147;NYSE&#148;) on February 17,
2009 that we were no longer in compliance with the NYSE&#146;s share price listing
standard. Under the NYSE listed company
manual, we have until August 17, 2009 to regain compliance with the
minimum share price rule that requires, among other things, that the share
price and average closing price of our common stock be above $1.00 over 30
consecutive trading days as of that date. 
During that time, our common stock continues to be listed on the NYSE
and trades as usual. We are in compliance
with all other NYSE listing rules and have actively been taking steps to
maintain our listing. Despite our
efforts, there can be no assurance that we will be in compliance with the NYSE
continued listing requirements at or prior to August 17, 2009, or that we
will not subsequently fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements. If at the end of any cure period, we are not
in compliance with the NYSE&#146;s continued listing requirements, our common stock
may be subject to delisting. A delisting could: (i) reduce the liquidity
and market price of our common stock; (ii) negatively impact our ability
to raise equity financing; (iii) prevent us from accessing the public
capital markets; and (iv) materially adversely impact our results of
operations and financial condition. 

 20 

 Table of Contents 

 ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 None. 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

 The following table sets forth information as
to the principal operating properties and other significant properties of the
Corporation and its subsidiaries as of February 6, 2009. All properties are owned except where
otherwise indicated: 

 Location 

 Facility 

 Reporting Segment 

 UNITED STATES 

 Alabama 

 Bay Minette 

 Plant 

 Polymer Additives 

 Arkansas 

 El Dorado 

 Plant 

 Polymer Additives, Crop Protection, Other 

 California 

 McFarland 

 Repackaging Warehouse 

 Polymer Additives 

 Connecticut 

 Middlebury 

 Corporate Offices, Research Center* 

 Corporate Headquarters 

 Naugatuck 

 Research Center 

 Polymer Additives, Performance Specialties 

 Georgia 

 Conyers 

 Plant 

 Consumer Products 

 Lawrenceville 

 Office, Laboratory* 

 Consumer Products 

 Illinois 

 Mapleton 

 Plant 

 Polymer Additives 

 Pekin 

 Plant, Warehouse* 

 Crop Protection 

 Indiana 

 Ashley 

 Plant 

 Consumer Products 

 West Lafayette 

 Office, Laboratory 

 Polymer Additives 

 Louisiana 

 Taft 

 Plant 

 Polymer Additives 

 Lake Charles 

 Plant 

 Consumer Products 

 Michigan 

 Adrian 

 Plant 

 Consumer Products, Other 

 New Jersey 

 East Hanover 

 Plant 

 Performance Specialties 

 Fords 

 Plant 

 Performance Specialties 

 Perth Amboy 

 Plant 

 Polymer Additives, Performance Specialties 

 North Carolina 

 Gastonia 

 Plant 

 Polymer Additives, Performance Specialties, Crop Protection 

 West Virginia 

 Morgantown 

 Plant, Research Center 

 Polymer Additives 

 INTERNATIONAL 

 Argentina 

 Buenos Aires 

 Office* 

 Crop Protection 

 Australia 

 Adelaide 

 Office* 

 Crop Protection, Consumer Products 

 Seven Hills 

 Office, Laboratory* 

 Performance Specialties 

 Belgium 

 Antwerp 

 Office* 

 Corporate 

 Herentals 

 Laboratory* 

 Polymer Additives 

 21 

 Table
of Contents 

 Location 

 Facility 

 Reporting Segment 

 Brazil 

 Rio Claro 

 Plant 

 Polymer Additives, Performance Specialties, Crop Protection, Other 

 Sao Paulo 

 Office* 

 Polymer Additives, Performance Specialties, Crop Protection, Other 

 Canada 

 Elmira 

 Plant 

 Polymer Additives, Performance Specialties, Crop Protection 

 Guelph 

 Research Center 

 Crop Protection 

 Scarborough 

 Plant* 

 Performance Specialties 

 West Hill 

 Plant 

 Performance Specialties 

 France 

 Catenoy 

 Plant 

 Polymer Additives 

 Dardilly 

 Office* 

 Consumer Products 

 Germany 

 Bergkamen 

 Plant, Research Center* 

 Polymer Additives 

 Lampertheim 

 Plant, Research Center 

 Polymer Additives 

 Waldkraiburg 

 Plant 

 Polymer Additives 

 Planegg 

 Office* 

 Consumer Products 

 Italy 

 Latina 

 Plant 

 Polymer Additives, Performance Specialties, Crop Protection, Other 

 Milan 

 Office( 1) 

 Performance Specialties 

 Pedrengo 

 Plant 

 Polymer Additives 

 Mexico 

 Altamira 

 Plant 

 Polymer Additives, Performance Specialties 

 Reynosa 

 Plant 

 Polymer Additives 

 The Netherlands 

 Amsterdam 

 Plant 

 Crop Protection 

 Republic of China 

 Nanjing 

 Plant 

 Performance Specialties 

 Shanghai 

 Office* 

 Corporate 

 Russia 

 Kazan City 

 Office* 

 Crop Protection 

 Moscow 

 Office* 

 Crop Protection, Performance Specialties, Polymer Additives 

 Singapore 

 Administrative, Sales Office* 

 Polymer Additives, Performance Specialties, Corporate 

 South Africa 

 Atlantis 

 Plant 

 Consumer Products 

 South Korea 

 Pyongtaek 

 Plant( 2) 

 Polymer Additives 

 Switzerland 

 Frauenfeld 

 Office* 

 Polymer Additives, Corporate, Crop Protection 

 Taiwan 

 Kaohsiung 

 Plant( 3) 

 Polymer Additives, Performance Specialties 

 United Kingdom 

 Accrington 

 Plant 

 Performance Specialties 

 Droitwich 

 Plant 

 Performance Specialties 

 Evesham 

 Research Center 

 Crop Protection 

 Langley 

 Office* 

 Performance Specialties, Crop Protection, Polymer Additives,
 Corporate 

 Trafford Park 

 Plant 

 Polymer Additives, Performance Specialties, Other 

 * 

 Facility leased by the Corporation. 

 (1) 

 Facility leased by Anderol Italia S.r.l, which is 51% owned by the
 Corporation. 

 (2) 

 Facility owned by Asia Stabilizers Co. Ltd., which is 65% owned by
 the Corporation. 

 (3) 

 Facility owned by Uniroyal Chemical Taiwan Ltd., which is 80% owned
 by the Corporation. 

 22 

 Table
of Contents 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 The Corporation is involved in claims,
litigation, administrative proceedings and investigations of various types in a
number of jurisdictions. A number of
such matters involve, or may involve, claims for a material amount of damages
and relate to or allege environmental liabilities, including clean-up costs
associated with hazardous waste disposal sites, natural resource damages,
property damage and personal injury. 

 Environmental Liabilities 

 Each quarter, the Company evaluates and
reviews estimates for future remediation and other costs to determine
appropriate environmental reserve amounts. 
For each site where the cost of remediation is probable and estimable, a
determination is made of the specific measures that are believed to be required
to remediate the site, the estimated total cost to carry out the remediation
plan, the portion of the total remediation costs to be borne by the Company and
the anticipated time frame over which payments toward the remediation plan will
occur. At sites where the Company expects to incur ongoing operations and
maintenance expenditures, the Company accrues on an undiscounted basis for a
period, which is generally 10 years, where it believes that such costs are estimable. The total amount accrued for such
environmental liabilities at December 31, 2008, was $107 million. The Company estimates the environmental
liability could range up to $146 million at December 31, 2008. The Company&#146;s reserves include estimates for
determinable clean-up costs. The Company
recorded a pre-tax charge of $5 million in 2008, $4 million in 2007 and $7
million in 2006 to increase its environmental liabilities and made payments of
$15 million in 2008 and $30 million in 2007 for clean-up costs, which reduced
its environmental liabilities. At
certain sites, the Company has contractual agreements with certain other
parties to share remediation costs. The
Company has a receivable of $12 million at December 31, 2008 to reflect
probable recoveries. At a number of
these sites, the extent of contamination has not yet been fully investigated or
the final scope of remediation is not yet determinable. The Company intends to
assert all meritorious legal defenses and will pursue other equitable factors
that are available with respect to these matters. However, the final cost of
clean-up at these sites could exceed the Company&#146;s present estimates and could
have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the
Company&#146;s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. It is
reasonably possible that the Company&#146;s estimates for environmental remediation
liabilities may change in the future should additional sites be identified,
further remediation measures be required or undertaken, current laws and
regulations be modified or additional environmental laws and regulations be
enacted. 

 The Company and some of its subsidiaries have
been identified by federal, state or local governmental agencies, and by other
potentially responsible parties (a &#147;PRP&#148;) under the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, or comparable
state statutes, as a PRP with respect to costs associated with waste disposal
sites at various locations in the United States. Because in certain circumstances these laws
have been construed to authorize joint and several liability, the EPA could
seek to recover all costs involving a waste disposal site from any one of the
PRPs for such site, including the Company, despite the involvement of other
PRPs. In many cases, the Company is one
of several hundred PRPs so identified. 
In a few instances, the Company is the sole or one of only a handful of
parties performing investigation and remediation. Where other financially responsible PRPs are
involved, the Company expects that any ultimate liability resulting from such
matters will be apportioned between the Company and such other parties. In addition, the Company is involved with environmental
remediation and compliance activities at some of its current and former sites
in the United States and abroad. The
more significant of these matters are described below. 

 Conyers &#150; Clean Air Act Investigation &#150; The U.S.
EPA is investigating alleged violations of law by the Company arising out of
the General Duty Clause of the Clean Air Act, the emergency release
notification requirements of the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act and/or the Emergency Planning and Community
Right to Know Act, and the Clean Water Act and is seeking a penalty and other
relief in excess of one hundred thousand dollars. The Company intends to assert
all meritorious legal defenses and will continue to assess relevant facts and
attempt to negotiate an acceptable settlement with the EPA. The Company does
not believe that the resolution of this matter will have a material adverse
effect on the Company&#146;s financial condition. 

 23 

 Table
of Contents 

 Petrolia - In April 2004,
the Company and other owners of property near the Company&#146;s former Petrolia,
Pennsylvania facility were named as defendants in a toxic tort class action
lawsuit alleging contamination in and around the named areas that gave rise to
certain property damage and personal injuries. The plaintiffs also sought
clean-up by the defendants of the alleged contamination. On October 18,
2005, the Court issued its Memorandum Opinion and Order denying the plaintiffs&#146;
motion for class certification, and on August 2, 2006, the Pennsylvania
Superior Court affirmed the lower court&#146;s opinion. Multiple lawsuits were
filed against the Company by individuals who were a part of the putative
class. In 2008, the Company settled with
the plaintiffs in the aggregate of approximately $50,000. 

 Legal Proceedings 

 Tricor &#150; This case involves two related properties
in Bakersfield, California; the Oildale Refinery (&#147;the Refinery&#148;) and the Mt.
Poso Tank Farm (&#147;Mt. Poso&#148;). The Refinery and Mt. Poso were previously owned
and operated by a division of Witco Corp., a predecessor of the Company. In
1997, the Refinery and portions of Mt. Poso was sold to Golden Bear Acquisition
Corp. Under the terms of sale, Witco retained certain environmental obligations
with respect to the Refinery and Mt. Poso. Golden Bear operated the refinery
for several years before filing bankruptcy in 2001. Tricor Refining LLC (&#147;Tricor&#148;)
purchased the Refinery and related assets out of bankruptcy. In 2004, Tricor
commenced an action against the Company alleging that the Company failed to
comply with its environmental obligations. 

 In July 2007,
the California Superior Court, Kern County, entered an order finding liability
against the Company. A second phase of the trial, which will determine the
damages to which Tricor may be entitled, began in November 2008 and is
scheduled to be completed in March 2009. 
The Court will render its decision on damages sometime thereafter. The Company will continue to defend this case
vigorously. The Company does not believe that the resolution of this matter
will have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s financial condition. 

 Conyers 
- The Company and certain of its former officers and employees were named as
defendants in five putative state class action lawsuits filed in three counties
in Georgia and one putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Georgia pertaining to the fire at
the Company&#146;s Conyers, Georgia warehouse on May 25, 2004. Of the five putative state class actions, two
were voluntarily dismissed by the plaintiffs, leaving three such lawsuits, all
of which are now pending in the Superior Court of Rockdale County, Georgia. These remaining putative state class actions,
as well as the putative class action pending in federal district court, seek
recovery for economic and non-economic damages allegedly arising from the
fire. Punitive damages are sought in the
Davis case in Rockdale County, Georgia and in the Martin case in the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. The Martin
case also seeks a declaratory judgment to reform certain settlements, as well
as medical monitoring and injunctive relief. 
The Company intends to vigorously defend against these lawsuits. 

 The Company was also named as a defendant in
fifteen lawsuits filed by individual or multi-party plaintiffs in the Georgia
and Federal courts pertaining to the May 25, 2004 fire at its Conyers,
Georgia warehouse. Eight of these lawsuits remain. The plaintiffs
in these remaining lawsuits seek recovery for economic and non-economic
damages, including punitive damages in five of the eight remaining
lawsuits. One of the lawsuits, the Diana Smith case, was filed in the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia against the Company,
as well as the City of Conyers and Rockdale County, and included allegations
similar to those in the other lawsuits noted above, but adding claims for
alleged civil rights violations, federal Occupational Safety and Health
Administration violations, Georgia Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organizations Act violations, criminal negligence, reckless endangerment, false
imprisonment, and kidnapping, among other claims. The federal law claims were dismissed with
prejudice and the state law claims were dismissed without prejudice. The Court has also dismissed without
prejudice the plaintiffs&#146; claims against the City of Conyers and Rockdale
County. The Diana Smith case was subsequently refiled. In 2008, the Company moved to dismiss certain
of the refiled claims. The court granted
the Company&#146;s motion in March of 2008. 
Plaintiffs have appealed the dismissal of these claims. The remainder of plaintiffs claims are
proceeding. The Company intends to
vigorously defend against these lawsuits. 

 Within one day of the fire, the Company
established a claims office to resolve all legitimate economic and personal
injury claims in the Rockdale County, Georgia area. The Company still maintains
a claims center, and continues to negotiate the settlement of claims whether
submitted through the claims center. 

 24 

 Table of Contents 

 At the time of the fire, the Company maintained,
and continues to maintain, property and general liability insurance. The
Company believes that its general liability policies will adequately cover any
third party claims and legal and processing fees in excess of the amounts that
were recorded through December 31, 2008. 

 Albemarle Corporation - 
In May 2002, Albemarle Corporation filed two complaints against the
Company in the United States District Court for the Middle District of
Louisiana, one alleging that the Company infringed three process patents held
by Albemarle Corporation relating to bromine vacuum tower technology, and the
other alleging that the Company infringed or contributed to or induced the
infringement of a patent relating to the use of decabromodiphenyl ethane as a
flame retardant in thermoplastics. On a motion by the Company and over
Albemarle&#146;s objection, the cases were consolidated. In addition, the
Company filed a counterclaim with the District Court in the flame retardant
cases, alleging, among other things, that the Albemarle patent is invalid or
was obtained as a result of inequitable conduct from the United States Patent
and Trademark Office. In March 2004, Albemarle amended its consolidated
complaint to add additional counts of patent infringement and trade secret
violations. The Company believes that the allegations of Albemarle in the
consolidated complaint, as well as the allegations in the additional counts,
are without basis, factually or legally, and intends to defend the case
vigorously. On October 25, 2005, Albemarle filed a complaint against
Chemtura Corporation and Great Lakes Chemical Corporation in the United States
District Court for the Middle District of Louisiana alleging that Chemtura and
Great Lakes infringed a recently granted U.S. patent held by Albemarle relating
to a decabromodiphenyl ethane &#147;wet cake&#148; intermediate product. The
Company believes that the allegations of the complaint are without basis,
factually or legally, and intends to defend the case vigorously. 

 OSCA &#150; Great Lakes
previously held interests in OSCA, Inc., which interests were divested to
BJ Services Company in May 2002. OSCA is a party to certain pending
litigation regarding a blowout of a well in the Gulf of Mexico operated by Newfield
Exploration Company. In the lawsuit, the plaintiffs claimed that OSCA and
the other defendants breached their contracts to perform work-over operations
on the well and were negligent in performing those operations. Pursuant to an
indemnification agreement between Great Lakes and BJ Services entered into at
the time of the sale of OSCA, Great Lakes agreed to remain responsible for 75%
of any uninsured liability and costs in excess of $3 million incurred by OSCA
upon settlement or final determination of this pending litigation. In April 2002,
a jury found OSCA and the other defendants responsible for those claims and
determined OSCA&#146;s share of the damages. In connection with the lawsuit,
OSCA asserted claims against its insurers and insurance brokers in support of
insurance coverage for this incident. Following a related trial on these
insurance coverage claims, the court issued its final judgments on the
underlying liability claims and the insurance coverage claims, entering
judgment against OSCA for a net amount of approximately $13 million plus
interest and finding that such amount was not covered by insurance. The Company
and BJ Services appealed certain of the liability and insurance coverage
decisions. In April 2006, the United States Fifth Circuit Court of
Appeals affirmed the jury&#146;s verdict on liability against OSCA, but reversed in
part the District Court&#146;s decision regarding insurance coverage available to
OSCA and remanded the matter to the District Court. After the case was
remanded, OSCA&#146;s insurer agreed to provide coverage for about half of the
outstanding judgment against OSCA, leaving approximately $6 million at issue
for the District Court to address on remand. 
Thereafter, the parties filed cross motions for summary judgment with
the District Court on the remaining coverage issues. On September 30, 2007, the District
Court granted summary judgment in OSCA&#146;s favor on two out of the three
remaining categories of costs in dispute. 
This ruling requires AISLIC, OSCA&#146;s insurer, to cover an additional $4
million (plus interest) of OSCA liability to Newfield, leaving approximately $2
million still at issue. On or about February 25,
2008, AISLIC agreed to cover virtually all of the $2 million remaining at issue
and agreed to pay a substantial portion of OSCA&#146;s attorney&#146;s fees and costs
associated with the underlying liability action. 

 Each quarter the Company evaluates and reviews pending claims and
litigation to determine appropriate reserve amounts. As of December 31,
2008 and December 31, 2007, the Company&#146;s accrual for probable loss in the
aforementioned legal proceeding cases is immaterial. In addition, the
related receivable to reflect probable insurance recoveries is also immaterial. 

 The Company intends to assert all meritorious legal defenses and will
pursue other equitable factors that are available with respect to these
matters. The resolution of the legal proceedings now pending or hereafter
asserted against the Company or any of its subsidiaries could require the
Company to pay costs or damages in excess of its present estimates, and as a
result could, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse
effect on the Company&#146;s financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. 

 25 

 Table
of Contents 

 In addition to the matters referred to above, the Company is subject to
routine litigation in connection with the ordinary course of its business. These routine matters have not had a material
adverse effect on the Company, its business or financial condition in the past,
and the Company does not expect this litigation, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on its business or its financial
condition in the future, but it can give no assurance that such will be the
case. 

 Antitrust Investigations and Related Matters 

 Rubber Chemicals 

 On May 27, 2004, the Company pled guilty to a one-count
information charging the Company with participating in a combination and
conspiracy to suppress and eliminate competition by maintaining and increasing
the price of certain rubber chemicals sold in the United States and elsewhere
during the period from July 1995 to December 2001. The U.S. federal
court imposed a fine of $50 million, payable in six annual installments,
without interest, beginning in 2004. In light of the Company&#146;s cooperation with
the U.S. Department of Justice (the &#147;DOJ&#148;), the court did not impose any period
of corporate probation. On May 28, 2004, the Company pled guilty to
one count of conspiring to lessen competition unduly in the sale and marketing
of certain rubber chemicals in Canada. The Canadian federal court imposed a
sentence requiring the Company to pay a fine of CDN $9 million (approximately
U.S. $7 million), payable in six annual installments, without interest,
beginning in 2004. The Company paid (in U.S. dollars) $2 million in 2005, $7
million in 2006, $12 million in 2007 and $17 million in 2008. Remaining cash payments for the U.S. and
Canadian fines are expected to be approximately $18 million in 2009. At December 31, 2008, a reserve of $18
million was included in accrued expenses. 
At December 31, 2007, reserves of $17 million and $17 million were
included in accrued expenses and other liabilities, respectively. 

 European Union (&#147;EU&#148;) Investigations 

 The Company and certain of its subsidiaries are subjects of, and
continue to cooperate in, an investigation being conducted by the European
Commission (the &#147;EC&#148;) with respect to possible antitrust violations relating to
the sale and marketing of various classes of heat stabilizers. Such
investigations concern anticompetitive practices, including price fixing and
customer or market allocations, undertaken by the Company and such subsidiaries
and certain of their officers and employees. 
The Company and its subsidiaries that are subject to the investigations
have received from the EC written assurances of conditional amnesty with
respect to certain classes of heat stabilizers. The assurances of amnesty are
conditioned upon several factors, including continued cooperation with the
EC. The Company is actively cooperating
with the EC regarding the heat stabilizer investigation. 

 Civil Lawsuits 

 The actions described below under &#147;U.S. Civil Antitrust Actions&#148; are in
various procedural stages of litigation. Although the actions described
below have not had a material adverse impact on the Company, we cannot predict
the outcome of any of those actions. The Company will seek cost-effective
resolutions of the various pending and threatened legal proceedings against the
Company; however, the resolution of any civil claims now pending or hereafter
asserted against the Company or any of its subsidiaries could have a material
adverse effect on the Company&#146;s financial condition, results of operations or
cash flows. The Company has established reserves for all direct and
indirect purchaser claims as of December 31, 2008. 

 The Company reviews its reserves for civil lawsuits on a quarterly
basis. The Company also adjusts its reserves quarterly to reflect its
current best estimates. 

 U.S. Civil Antitrust Actions 

 Direct and Indirect Purchaser Lawsuits. The
Company, individually or together with its subsidiary Uniroyal Chemical Company, Inc.,
now merged into Chemtura Corporation (referred to as &#147;Uniroyal&#148; for the
purposes of the description of the Company&#146;s lawsuits), and other companies,
are defendants in various proceedings filed in state and federal courts,
described below. 

 26 

 Table
of Contents 

 Federal Lawsuits. The Company and certain of its subsidiaries
continues to be a defendant in two lawsuits pending in the federal courts. One of these suits is a Massachusetts
indirect purchaser claim premised upon violations of state law. The suit was originally filed in
Massachusetts state court in May 2005 as an indirect purchaser action, and
was subsequently removed to the United States District Court, District of
Massachusetts. The complaint initially
related to purchases of any product containing rubber and urethane products,
defined to include EPDM, nitrile rubber and urethanes, but is now limited to
urethanes only. On September 12,
2008, the Company received final court approval of a settlement agreement
covering this action. The other suit,
described separately below under the sub-heading &#147;Bandag&#148; was originally filed
as a direct purchaser suit on June 29, 2006 in the United States District
Court, Middle District of Tennessee and was subsequently transferred to the
United States District Court, Northern District of California. In both of these actions, and in all actions
pending in state courts (further described below), the plaintiffs seek, among
other things, treble damages, costs (including attorneys&#146; fees) and injunctive
relief preventing further violations or the improper conduct alleged in the
complaint. Neither of these federal
suits is expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

 Bandag. 
This suit was originally brought by Bridgestone Americas Holding, Inc,
Bridgestone Firestone North American Tire, LLC, and Pirelli Tire, LLC (all of
whom have since settled) along with the remaining plaintiff, Bandag
Incorporated (n/k/a/ Bridgestone Bandag, LLC), with respect to purchases of
rubber chemicals from the Company, Uniroyal and several of the world-wide
leading suppliers of rubber chemicals. 
This suit alleges that the Company and Uniroyal, along with other rubber
chemical manufacturers conspired to fix the prices of the rubber chemicals, and
to divide the rubber chemicals markets in violation of Section 1 of the
Sherman Act. Bandag Incorporated, a
designer and manufacturer of tire re-treading, directly purchased from the
Company and from the other defendants to this suit, and in doing so, claims to
have paid artificially inflated prices for rubber chemicals. Bandag has
requested treble damages, costs (including attorneys&#146; fees) and such other
relief as the court may deem appropriate. 
The Company has agreed to utilize binding arbitration to try the claims
at issue in this action, which is scheduled for March 2009. 

 State Lawsuits. The Company, individually or
together with Uniroyal, also continues to be a defendant in certain indirect
purchaser antitrust class action lawsuits filed in state courts involving the
sale of urethanes and urethane chemicals. 
The complaints in these actions principally allege that the defendants
conspired to fix, raise, maintain or stabilize prices for urethanes and
urethane chemicals, sold in the United States in violation of certain antitrust
statutes and consumer protection and unfair or deceptive practices laws of the
relevant jurisdictions and that this caused injury to the plaintiffs who paid
artificially inflated prices for such products as a result of such alleged
anticompetitive activities. There are
currently 14 state complaints pending. 
On September 12, 2008, the Company received final court approval of
a settlement agreement covering 2 of these actions. In addition, on December 23, 2008, the
Company received preliminary court approval of a settlement agreement covering
the remaining 12 complaints, all of which are pending in a coordinated
proceeding in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of
San Francisco. The Company has settled
and has had finally dismissed 8 indirect purchase antitrust class action
lawsuits that were pending on January 1, 2008. None of these state lawsuits individually or
in the aggregate are expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

 Australian Civil Antitrust Matters 

 On September 27, 2007, the Company was sued in the Federal Court
of Australia for alleged price fixing violations with respect to the sale of
rubber chemicals in Australia. The
Company has not yet responded to the complaint, nor at this early stage,
assessed its merits. On October 10,
2008, the Federal Court of Australia rendered a decision in which the applicant&#146;s
Statement of Claim was struck. The
applicant filed an amended Statement of Claim on November 21, 2008. The Company&#146;s application to have the amended
Statement of Claim struck out is listed for hearing on February 23,
2009. The Company does not expect this
matter will be material. 

 27 

 Table
of Contents 

 Federal Securities Class Action 

 The Company, certain of its former officers
and directors (the &#147;Crompton Individual Defendants&#148;), and certain former
directors of the Company&#146;s predecessor Witco Corp. are defendants in a
consolidated class action lawsuit, filed on July 20, 2004, in the United
States District Court, District of Connecticut, brought by plaintiffs on behalf
of themselves and a class consisting of all purchasers or acquirers of the
Company&#146;s stock between October 1998 and October 2002. The
consolidated amended complaint principally alleges that the Company and the
Crompton Individual Defendants caused the Company to issue false and misleading
statements that violated the federal securities laws by reporting inflated
financial results resulting from an alleged illegal, undisclosed price-fixing
conspiracy. The putative class includes former Witco Corp. shareholders who
acquired their securities in the Crompton-Witco merger pursuant to a
registration statement that allegedly contained misstated financial
results. The complaint asserts claims
against the Company and the Crompton Individual Defendants under Section 11
of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 10(b) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. Plaintiffs also assert claims for control
person liability under Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 20
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 against the Crompton Individual
Defendants. The complaint also asserts claims for breach of fiduciary duty
against certain former directors of Witco Corp. for actions they allegedly took
as Witco Corp. directors in connection with the Crompton-Witco merger. The
plaintiffs seek, among other things, unspecified damages, interest, and
attorneys&#146; fees and costs. The Company and the Crompton Individual Defendants
filed a motion to dismiss on September 17, 2004, which is now fully
briefed and pending. The former directors of Witco Corp. filed a motion to
dismiss in February 2005, which is pending. On July 22, 2005, the
court granted a motion by the Company and the Crompton Individual Defendants to
stay discovery in the related Connecticut shareholder derivative lawsuit
(described below under &#147;Shareholder Derivative Lawsuit&#148;), pending resolution of
the motion to dismiss by the Company and Crompton Individual Defendants. On November 28, 2008, the parties signed
a settlement agreement. The court
granted preliminary approval of the settlement agreement on December 12,
2008 and scheduled a June 12, 2009 final approval hearing. Under the settlement, defendants will pay or
cause to be paid $21 million and deny any wrongdoing or liability. The settlement&#146;s terms are being finalized by
the parties. 

 Shareholder Derivative Lawsuit 

 Certain current directors and one former
director and officer of the Company (the &#147;Individual Defendants&#148;) are
defendants in a shareholder derivative lawsuit filed on August 25, 2003 in
Connecticut state court, nominally brought on behalf of the Company. The
Company is a nominal defendant in the lawsuit. The plaintiff filed an amended
complaint on November 19, 2004. The amended complaint principally alleges
that the Individual Defendants breached their fiduciary duties by causing or
allowing the Company to issue false and misleading financial statements by
inflating financial results resulting from an alleged illegal, undisclosed
price-fixing conspiracy. The plaintiff contends that this wrongful conduct
caused the Company&#146;s financial results to be inflated, cost the Company its
credibility in the marketplace and market share, and has and will continue to
cost the Company millions of dollars in investigative and legal fees. The
plaintiff seeks, among other things, compensatory and punitive damages against
the director defendants in unspecified amounts, prejudgment interest, and
attorneys&#146; fees and costs. The Company filed a motion to strike all counts of
the complaint on January 12, 2005 for failure to allege adequately that a
pre-lawsuit demand on the Company&#146;s Board of Directors by the plaintiff would
have been futile and was thus excused. 
This motion was subsequently denied by the court. Discovery in this lawsuit has been stayed by
the United States District Court, District of Connecticut, pending resolution
of the motion to dismiss filed by Company&#146;s and the Crompton Individual
Defendants in the related consolidated securities class action lawsuit
described above under &#147;Federal Securities Class Action.&#148; On July 25, 2008, the plaintiff filed a
motion in the District of Connecticut seeking to lift the federal court&#146;s
discovery stay. 

 Reserves 

 At December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, the Company had a
remaining reserve of $30 million and $43 million, respectively, included in
accrued expenses on its consolidated balance sheets relating to the remaining
U.S. direct and indirect purchaser lawsuits, the federal securities class
action lawsuit described under &#147;Federal Securities Class Action&#148; and the
shareholder derivative lawsuit described under &#147;Shareholder Derivative Lawsuit.&#148; These reserves cover all direct and indirect
purchaser antitrust claims. The Company
periodically reviews its accruals as additional information becomes available,
and may adjust its accruals based on actual settlement offers and other later
occurring events. The Company is unable
to estimate the reasonably possible loss, if any, in excess of the accrual as
none of these claims have been reduced to judgment. 

 28 

 Table
of Contents 

 The reserve activity for antitrust related litigation is summarized as
follows: 

 Governmental
Reserves: 

 (In millions) 

 U.S. DOJ 
 Fines 

 Canada 
 Federal 
 Fines 

 Total U.S 
 and Canada 
 Fines 

 European 
 Commission 

 Balance January 1, 2006 

 $ 

 41 

 $ 

 6 

 $ 

 47 

 $ 

 16 

 Payments 

 (6 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 (7 

 ) 

 (17 

 ) 

 Accretion - Interest 

 2 

 1 

 3 

 &#151; 

 Foreign currency translation 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1 

 Balance December 31, 2006 

 37 

 6 

 43 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 Payments 

 (10 

 ) 

 (2 

 ) 

 (12 

 ) 

 Accretion - Interest 

 2 

 &#151; 

 2 

 Foreign currency translation 

 &#151; 

 1 

 1 

 Balance December 31, 2007 

 29 

 5 

 34 

 Payments 

 (14 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 (17 

 ) 

 Accretion - Interest 

 1 

 &#151; 

 1 

 Balance December 31, 2008 

 $ 

 16 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 18 

 Civil Case
Reserves: 

 (In millions) 

 U.S. Civil 
 and 
 Securities 
 Matters 

 Canada Civil 
 Matters 

 Total Civil 
 and 
 Securities 
 Matters 

 Balance January 1, 2006 

 $ 

 51 

 $ 

 6 

 $ 

 57 

 2006 Antitrust costs, excluding legal fees 

 81 

 (2 

 ) 

 79 

 Payments 

 (30 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 (34 

 ) 

 Balance December 31, 2006 

 102 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 102 

 2007 Antitrust costs, excluding legal fees 

 24 

 24 

 Payments 

 (83 

 ) 

 (83 

 ) 

 Balance December 31, 2007 

 43 

 43 

 2008 Antitrust costs, excluding legal fees 

 7 

 7 

 Payments 

 (20 

 ) 

 (20 

 ) 

 Balance December 31, 2008 

 $ 

 30 

 $ 

 30 

 Other 

 The Company is routinely subject to other civil claims, litigation and
arbitration, and regulatory investigations, arising in the ordinary course of
its present business, as well as in respect of its divested businesses. Some of
these claims and litigations relate to product liability claims, including
claims related to the Company&#146;s current products and asbestos-related claims
concerning premises and historic products of its corporate affiliates and
predecessors. The Company believes that it has strong defenses to these claims.
These claims have not had a material impact on the Company to date and the
Company believes the likelihood that a future material adverse outcome will
result from these claims is remote. However, the Company cannot be certain that
an adverse outcome of one or more of these claims would not have a material
adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations, or cash
flows. 

 29 

 Table
of Contents 

 ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO
VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

 No matters were submitted to a vote of
security holders during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this
report. 

 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

 The executive officers of Chemtura
Corporation are as follows: 

 Craig A. Rogerson, age 52, has
served as President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since December 2008. Previously, Mr. Rogerson served as
president, CEO and director of Hercules Incorporated from December 2003 until
its acquisition by Ashland, Incorporated on November 13, 2008. 

 Stephen Forsyth, age 53, has served as Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer since April 2007. 
Mr. Forsyth was also Treasurer from June 2007 to November 2008. Previously, Mr. Forsyth served for 26
years with Hexcel Corporation in a variety of executive capacities, most
recently as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 

 Robert S. Wedinger, PhD, age 51, has
served as Executive Vice President, Strategic Initiatives since January 2009
and previously served as Chief Business Officer from December 2007 to December 2008
and Group President of Performance Specialties from April 2007 to December 2008. Dr. Wedinger joined Chemtura in 2006 as
Vice President and General Manager of Process Chemicals and Polymers. Previously, Dr. Wedinger served in a
variety of executive capacities, most recently as Vice President and General
Manager of Performance Materials at J.M. Huber Corporation. 

 David G. Dickey, age 39, has
served as Executive Vice President and Group President of Performance Products
since January 2009 and previously served as Chief Functional and Services
Officer from December 2007 to December 2008. Mr. Dickey joined Chemtura in March 2006
as Vice President, Global Supply Chain, Non-Manufacturing. Previously, Mr. Dickey served as General
Manager for Carrier, a division of United Technologies Corporation. 

 Billie Flaherty , age 52,
has served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
since January 2009. Previously, Ms. Flaherty
served as Associate General Counsel for Chemtura, having joined the Company in October 2005. Previously she served as vice president,
environmental, health and safety for Pitney Bowes Inc. 

 Kevin V. Mahoney , age 54,
has served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller since October 2006. Previously, Mr. Mahoney spent 18 years
with American Express Company, where he most recently was Senior Vice President
of Corporate Reporting, responsible for financial reporting globally. 

 Alan Swiech , age 50,
has served as Senior Vice President, Human Resources since January 2009. Previously Mr. Swiech served as Vice
President, Human Resources for Chemtura, having joined the Company in April 2006. Previously Mr. Swiech served as Vice
President Administration for Akebono Corporation NA, and President of AMAK LLC. 

 The term of office of each of the above-named
executive officers lasts until the first meeting of the Board of Directors
following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until the election and
qualification of his or her successor. 

 There is no family relationship between any
of such officers, and there is no arrangement or understanding between any of
them and any other person pursuant to which any such officer was selected as an
officer. 

 30 

 Table of Contents 

 PART II. 

 ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 The following table
summarizes the range of market prices for Chemtura Corporation&#146;s common stock
on the New York Stock Exchange and the amount of dividends per share by quarter
during the past two years: 

 2008 

 First 

 Second 

 Third 

 Fourth 

 Dividends per common share (a) 

 $ 

 0.05 

 0.05 

 0.05 

 &#151; 

 Market price per common share: 

 High 

 $ 

 8.75 

 8.81 

 6.94 

 5.31 

 Low 

 $ 

 5.77 

 5.67 

 4.11 

 1.02 

 2007 

 First 

 Second 

 Third 

 Fourth 

 Dividends per common share 

 $ 

 0.05 

 0.05 

 0.05 

 0.05 

 Market price per common share: 

 High 

 $ 

 12.33 

 12.02 

 11.98 

 10.10 

 Low 

 $ 

 9.34 

 10.08 

 8.42 

 6.95 

 (a) On October 30,
2008, the Company announced that it would suspend the payment of dividends to
conserve cash and expand liquidity in a period of economic uncertainty. 

 The number of
registered holders of common stock of the Company on January 26, 2009 was
approximately 5,377. 

 Performance Graph 

 The following graph
compares the cumulative total return on the common stock of the Chemtura
Corporation for the last five fiscal years with the returns on the Standard &
Poor&#146;s 500 Stock Index and the Chemicals (Specialty)&#151;500 Index, assuming the
investment of $100 in the Company&#146;s common stock, the S&P 500 Index and the
Chemicals (Specialty)&#151;500 Index on December 31, 2003, and the reinvestment
of all dividends. 

 COMPARISON OF FIVE-YEAR 

 CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN AMONG CHEMTURA CORPORATION, 

 S&P 500 AND S&P 500 SPECIALTY CHEMICALS 

 12/31/03 

 12/31/04 

 12/31/05 

 12/31/06 

 12/31/07 

 12/31/08 

 CHEMTURA CORPORATION 

 $ 

 100.0 

 $ 

 169.2 

 $ 

 184.8 

 $ 

 143.0 

 $ 

 118.1 

 $ 

 21.6 

 S&P 500 

 $ 

 100.0 

 $ 

 110.9 

 $ 

 116.3 

 $ 

 134.7 

 $ 

 142.1 

 $ 

 89.5 

 S&P 500 SPECIALTY CHEMICALS 

 $ 

 100.0 

 $ 

 115.3 

 $ 

 119.8 

 $ 

 147.0 

 $ 

 170.1 

 $ 

 141.8 

 The above graph
assumes an initial investment of $100 on December 31, 2003. Total return includes reinvestments of
dividends. 

 The Chemicals
(Specialty)-500 Index companies are as follows: 
Ecolab Inc., Great Lakes Chemical Corporation, International Flavors &
Fragrances Inc., Rohm & Haas Company and Sigma-Aldrich
Corporation. Information for Great Lakes
Chemical Corporation is included through 2004, as Great Lakes merged with the
Company in July 2005. 

 31 

 Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

 The selected
financial data for the Chemtura Corporation for each of its last five fiscal
years follows: 

 (In millions of dollars, except per share data) 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 2005 (a) 

 2004 (a) 

 Summary of Operations 

 Net sales 

 $ 

 3,546 

 3,747 

 3,458 

 2,739 

 2,112 

 Gross profit 

 $ 

 736 

 864 

 831 

 703 

 486 

 Selling, general and administrative 

 $ 

 332 

 372 

 362 

 309 

 254 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 $ 

 237 

 269 

 204 

 150 

 112 

 Research and development 

 $ 

 51 

 62 

 61 

 50 

 47 

 Facility closures, severance and related
 costs 

 $ 

 26 

 36 

 5 

 23 

 62 

 Antitrust costs 

 $ 

 12 

 35 

 90 

 49 

 114 

 Merger costs (d) 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 17 

 45 

 &#151; 

 In-process research and development (d) 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 73 

 &#151; 

 Loss (gain) on sale of business (b) 

 $ 

 25 

 15 

 11 

 (3 

 ) 

 (95 

 ) 

 Impairment of long-lived assets (c) 

 $ 

 986 

 19 

 80 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Equity income 

 $ 

 (4 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 (2 

 ) 

 (14 

 ) 

 Operating (loss) profit 

 $ 

 (929 

 ) 

 59 

 5 

 9 

 6 

 Interest expense 

 $ 

 (78 

 ) 

 (87 

 ) 

 (102 

 ) 

 (108 

 ) 

 (78 

 ) 

 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (44 

 ) 

 (55 

 ) 

 (20 

 ) 

 Other income (expense), net 

 $ 

 7 

 (13 

 ) 

 (6 

 ) 

 (12 

 ) 

 (11 

 ) 

 Loss from continuing operations before
 income taxes and cumulative effect of accounting change 

 $ 

 (1,000 

 ) 

 (41 

 ) 

 (147 

 ) 

 (166 

 ) 

 (103 

 ) 

 Income tax (provision) benefit 

 $ 

 27 

 (4 

 ) 

 (126 

 ) 

 (49 

 ) 

 54 

 Loss from continuing operations before cumulative
 effect of accounting change 

 $ 

 (973 

 ) 

 (45 

 ) 

 (273 

 ) 

 (215 

 ) 

 (49 

 ) 

 Earnings from discontinued operations 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 18 

 20 

 33 

 12 

 Gain (loss) on sale of discontinued
 operations 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 24 

 47 

 (4 

 ) 

 2 

 Cumulative effect of accounting change (e) 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (1 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 Net loss 

 $ 

 (973 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 (206 

 ) 

 (187 

 ) 

 (35 

 ) 

 Per Share Statistics 

 Basic and Diluted 

 Loss from continuing operations before cumulative
 effect of accounting change 

 $ 

 (4.01 

 ) 

 (0.18 

 ) 

 (1.13 

 ) 

 (1.21 

 ) 

 (0.43 

 ) 

 Earnings from discontinued operations 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 0.07 

 0.08 

 0.18 

 0.11 

 Gain (loss) on sale of discontinued
 operations 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 0.10 

 0.20 

 (0.02 

 ) 

 0.02 

 Cumulative effect of accounting change 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Net loss 

 $ 

 (4.01 

 ) 

 (0.01 

 ) 

 (0.85 

 ) 

 (1.05 

 ) 

 (0.30 

 ) 

 Dividends 

 $ 

 0.15 

 0.20 

 0.20 

 0.20 

 0.20 

 Book value 

 $ 

 1.96 

 7.65 

 6.97 

 7.40 

 2.84 

 Common stock trading range: High 

 $ 

 8.81 

 12.33 

 13.53 

 17.95 

 11.80 

 Low 

 $ 

 1.02 

 6.95 

 7.75 

 9.89 

 5.02 

 Average shares outstanding - Basic 

 242.3 

 241.6 

 240.5 

 178.4 

 114.7 

 Average shares outstanding - Diluted 

 242.3 

 241.6 

 240.5 

 178.4 

 114.7 

 Financial Position 

 Working capital (deficiency) 

 $ 

 (558 

 ) 

 700 

 497 

 566 

 338 

 Current ratio 

 0.7 

 2.0 

 1.6 

 1.6 

 1.5 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 3,064 

 4,416 

 4,399 

 4,986 

 2,679 

 Total debt, including short-term borrowings 

 $ 

 1,204 

 1,063 

 1,111 

 1,370 

 867 

 Stockholders&#146; equity 

 $ 

 475 

 1,853 

 1,679 

 1,775 

 329 

 Total capital employed 

 $ 

 1,679 

 2,916 

 2,790 

 3,145 

 1,196 

 Debt to total capital % 

 71.7 

 36.5 

 39.8 

 43.6 

 72.5 

 32 

 Table of Contents 

 (In millions of dollars, except for number of employees) 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 2005 

 2004 

 Other Statistics 

 Net cash provided by (used in) operations 

 $ 

 (11 

 ) 

 149 

 251 

 (79 

 ) 

 36 

 Capital spending from continuing operations 

 $ 

 121 

 115 

 122 

 97 

 60 

 Depreciation from continuing operations 

 $ 

 192 

 229 

 163 

 122 

 95 

 Amortization from continuing operations 

 $ 

 45 

 40 

 41 

 28 

 17 

 Approximate number of employees at end of
 year 

 4,700 

 5,100 

 6,200 

 6,600 

 4,800 

 (a) Due to the inclusion of the operating results of Great
Lakes subsequent to the merger on July 1, 2005, prior period results are
not directly comparable. 

 (b) Loss (gain) on sale of business primarily includes a $26
million loss relating to the sale of the oleochemicals business in 2008, a $15
million loss on the sale of assets relating to the sale of the Celogen&#174; product
line in 2007, a $12 million loss on the sale of the IWA business in 2006, a $3
million gain on the reversal of a reserve related to the 2001 sale of the
Industrial Colors business in 2005 and income related to the sale of the
Gustafson joint venture of $94 million in 2004. 

 (c) The 2008 charge primarily includes a $985 million
impairment of goodwill associated with the Polymer Additives and Consumer
Products segments. The 2007 charge
includes $9 million reduction in the value of assets relating to the closure
and sale of the Ravenna, Italy facility, $4 million write-off of a construction
in progress associated with certain facilities affected by the 2007
restructuring programs, $3 million impairment relating to the sale of property,
plant and equipment at the Marshall, Texas facility and $3 million write-off of
construction in progress for software costs that will no longer be utilized. The 2006 charge primarily includes $52
million impairment of the fluorine business as a result of the Company&#146;s annual
impairment review and a $22 million impairment of non-current assets of the
fluorine business due to a loss of a significant customer. 

 (d) Merger costs are non-capitalizable costs associated with
the merger of the Company and Great Lakes. 
The write-off of $73 million of in-process research and development is
also the direct result of the merger with Great Lakes. 

 (e) 2005 results include a cumulative effect of accounting change of $1
million, related to the implementation of Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Interpretation No. 47, &#147;Accounting
for Conditional Asset Retirement Obligations.&#148; 

 33 

 Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&#146;S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 INTRODUCTION 

 Description of Business 

 Chemtura is among the largest publicly traded specialty chemical
companies in the United States and is dedicated
to delivering innovative, market-focused specialty chemical solutions and
consumer products. The Company is
headquartered in Middlebury, Connecticut, and operates in a wide variety of end-use markets, including
automotive, transportation, construction, packaging, agriculture, lubricants,
plastics for durable and non-durable goods, electronics, and home pool and spa
chemicals. The majority of our chemical products are sold to industrial
manufacturing customers for use as additives, ingredients or intermediates that
add value to their end products. Our
crop and consumer products are sold to dealers, distributors and major
retailers. We are a market leader in
many of our key product lines and transact business in more than 100 countries. 

 The primary economic factors that
influence the operations and sales of the Company&#146;s Polymer Additives and
Performance Specialties segments are industrial production, residential and
commercial construction, electronic component production and polymer
production. In addition, the Company&#146;s
Crop Protection segment is influenced by worldwide weather, disease and pest
infestation conditions. The Company&#146;s Consumer Products segment is also influenced
by general economic conditions impacting consumer spending and weather
conditions. For additional factors that
impact the Company&#146;s performance, see the &#147;Risk Factors&#148; section of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

 Other major factors affecting the Company&#146;s
financial performance include industry capacity, customer demand, raw material
and energy costs, and selling prices. Selling prices are influenced by the
global demand and supply for the products we produce. The Company&#146;s strategy is to
pursue selling prices that reflect the value of our products and to pass on
higher costs for raw material and energy to preserve our profit
margins. Our long-term financial performance target is to achieve a 15%
minimum average operating profit margin across our business portfolio. 

 Annual sales for 2008 decreased $201 million or 5% compared with
2007. This decrease was due primarily to
reduced sales volume of $227 million and a $205 million reduction due to the
divestitures of the oleochemicals and organic peroxides businesses as well as
the Celogen&#174;, Diamond, and Terraclor product lines. These reductions were partially offset by
$159 million of price increases, primarily related to the Polymer Additives and
Performance Specialties segments, reflecting the partial recovery of increases
in the costs of raw materials during the year. 
The Company&#146;s selling price increases during the year did not fully
offset increases of $205 million in raw material and energy costs. 

 The Polymer Additives segment operating profit decreased 82% compared
with the prior year. Higher selling
prices, particularly in antioxidant, PVC and surfactant product lines, were not
sufficient to offset lower volume and unfavorable product mix and increases in
raw material, energy and manufacturing costs. 

 The Performance Specialties segment operating profit decreased 4%
compared with 2007 due to higher raw material, energy, manufacturing and
freight costs, that were only partially offset by higher selling prices. 

 Operating profit for the Consumer Products segment decreased 19% in
2008 due to lower volume and unfavorable product mix and increased raw
material, energy and manufacturing costs, partially offset by higher selling
prices. 

 The Crop Protection segment operating profit increased 34% in 2008. Operating profit benefited from higher
volume, favorable product mix and lower manufacturing costs, which more than
offset increased raw material, energy and other operating costs. 

 The Company has undertaken various cost
reduction initiatives over the past several years and continues to implement
cost reductions. The
Company is assessing cost savings opportunities on a global basis to improve
gross profit margins and reduce selling, general, administrative and research
and development (&#147;SGA&R&#148;) expenditures as a percentage of total sales. In 2008, the Company achieved its goal of
SGA&R expenditures being less than 11% of total sales. 

 34 

 Table of Contents 

 2008 Overview 

 The first three quarters of 2008 were dominated by an unprecedented
level of raw material and energy cost inflation. Each of the Company&#146;s business segments saw
their input costs rise rapidly. The cost of oil combined with increases in the
cost of specialty metals, natural fats, oils drove this inflation. The
weakening of the U.S. dollar exacerbated the trend. The Company&#146;s businesses addressed the challenge
of the increased costs by passing these costs on to their customers through
higher selling prices. Each business
segment responded by changing the way they contracted with customers and set
prices to create the ability to pass on to customers these increased costs as
rapidly as possible. Each quarter, the
business segments were able to capture a larger portion of the cost increases
as they became more effective in managing raw material inflation. However, the Company was unable to recover
the increased costs in full during the year due to competitive pressures and
contractual commitments. 

 The fourth quarter brought a rapid and equally unprecedented
change. As the recession deepened, November and
December saw sharp reductions in orders for the Company&#146;s products as we
believe customers saw or anticipated reductions in demand in the industries
they served. The Polymer Additives
segment experienced the greatest impact with the fourth quarter of 2008 net
sales down 35% year-over-year. Demand
from electronics, building and construction, polyolefin and general industrial
industries saw the greatest changes. The
other business segments were impacted by their more cyclically exposed customer
applications. 

 With the sharp reduction in sales, financial performance deteriorated
and the Company was required to seek an amendment and waiver from the lenders
under its Credit Facility as described below under &#147;Liquidity and Capital
Resources&#148;. The proceeds from the sale
of eligible accounts receivable under the Company&#146;s U.S. and European accounts
receivable facilities declined in light of the change in financial
performance. On January 23, 2009, the Company announced it had entered into a new
$150 million U.S. accounts receivable facility with a three-year term. The Company is currently in discussions with
the provider of its European accounts receivable facility and anticipates
agreeing to certain revisions including, among other matters, a significant
reduction in facility size. 

 The crisis in the credit markets poses a continued challenge for
2009. Under normal market conditions,
the Company believes it would have had the ability to refinance its $370
million 2009 Notes due on July 15, 2009 in the debt capital markets. However, with the change in credit market
conditions and the deterioration in the Company&#146;s financial performance, the
Company does not believe it will be able to do so on commercially reasonable
terms, if at all. As a result, the
Company has launched a process to sell one of its businesses to raise the funds
necessary to meet the maturity when due. 

 With lower revenues and constrained liquidity, the Company undertook a
number of actions to reduce costs as well as conserve cash and improve
liquidity. These included additional
staff reductions, temporary plant closures with the furlough of employees,
suspension of its dividend, reductions in capital spending and working capital
reductions. 

 With limited demand visibility by the Company and its customers for
2009, the Company remains focused on managing its costs and its use of
cash. Nevertheless, the Company will
likely continue to incur operating losses in the first quarter of 2009 and its
liquidity remains constrained such that it may not be sufficient to meet the
Company&#146;s cash operating needs in this period of economic uncertainty. 

 Significant
Transactions and Events 

 During the year ended December 31, 2008 and through the date of
this filing, the following significant transactions and events have occurred: 

 &#183; On February 17, 2009, the Company
received notice that it is no longer in compliance with the NYSE&#146;s share price
listing standard. 

 &#183; During the fourth quarter of 2008, the
Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $665 million to reduce the
carrying value of goodwill associated with the Polymer Additives and Consumer
Products segments. 

 35 

 Table of Contents 

 &#183; On December 30, 2008, the Company
announced that it entered into amendment and waiver agreements with the lenders
under its Credit Facility, as well as with the providers of its U.S. accounts
receivable facility. Among other matters,
the amendment and waiver agreements provided a 90-day waiver of the Company&#146;s
compliance with the financial maintenance covenants until March 30, 2009,
a permanent reduction in the Credit Facility commitments from $740 million to
$500 million, limitations on the Company&#146;s ability to enter into certain
transactions and a grant of a security interest in the Company&#146;s U.S. inventory
subject to certain limitations. The U.S.
accounts receivable facility agreement provided, among other matters, for a
permanent reduction in commitments under the facility from $275 million to $100
million. 

 &#183; On January 23, 2009, a special-purpose
subsidiary of the Company entered into a new $150 million U.S. accounts
receivable facility with a three-year term, and secured by certain accounts
receivable acquired by the special-purpose subsidiary from the Company and
certain of its affiliates, and the commitments under the Credit Facility were
further reduced from $500 million to $350 million. The former U.S. accounts
receivable facility was terminated. 

 &#183; On December 11, 2008, the Company
implemented a new restructuring initiative to reduce annual cash fixed costs by
approximately $50 million. The
initiative involves a reduction in professional and administrative staff by
approximately 500 people, or about 20 percent. 
During the fourth quarter of 2008, the Company recorded a charge of $26
million associated with this program. 

 &#183; On December 8, 2008, the Company
announced the election of Craig A. Rogerson to the position of president, chief
executive and chairman of the board. The
announcement was effective immediately following the resignation of Robert L.
Wood. 

 &#183; On October 30, 2008, the Company
announced that it would suspend payment of dividends to conserve cash and
improve liquidity. It also advised that
it was pursuing the sale of assets to provide funds required to meet the
maturity of the $370 million notes. 

 &#183; During
the quarter ended June 30, 2008, the Company recorded a non-cash
impairment charge of $320 million to reduce the carrying value of goodwill
associated with its Consumer Products segment. 

 &#183; On June 26,
2008, the Company announced that, after thoroughly exploring a potential sale,
merger or other business combination involving the entire Company, it has
concluded that shareholders&#146; interests would be best served by continuing to
operate as a stand-alone company and focusing on its own growth and efficiency
initiatives. The Company advised that it
would continue active consideration of the Company&#146;s other strategic options,
including (among other options) select business divestitures, value-creating
acquisitions, joint ventures and changes in the company&#146;s capital structure,
which could include a stock repurchase program. 

 &#183; On April 30,
2008, the Company entered into an agreement with Baerlocher for the manufacture
of certain heat stabilizers used in PVC Production. 

 &#183; On March 12,
2008, the Company purchased the remaining shares of GLCC Laurel, LLC. The Company previously held 50% of GLCC
Laurel, LLC stock. 

 &#183; On February 29, 2008, the Company
acquired the remaining stock of Baxenden Chemicals Limited Plc. The Company previously held 53.5% of Baxenden&#146;s
stock. 

 &#183; On February 29,
2008, the Company completed the sale of its oleochemicals business and recorded
a net loss of $26 million. The assets
sold included inventory of $26 million, accounts receivable of $23 million,
goodwill of $13 million, net fixed assets of $7 million and intangible assets
of $1 million. The oleochemicals
business had revenues of approximately $160 million in 2007. Proceeds from the transaction were used to
reduce debt. 

 &#183; On January 31, 2008, the Company
completed the sale of its fluorine chemical business located at the Company&#146;s
El Dorado, Arkansas facility for an immaterial net loss. The fluorine chemical business had revenues
of approximately $49 million in 2007. The
fluorine chemical business is reported as a discontinued operation in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

 ANTITRUST
INVESTIGATIONS AND RELATED MATTERS 

 The Company is party to various governmental and civil antitrust
proceedings. For information on these
proceedings (including information on Company reserves with respect to these
proceedings) see Note 19 &#151; Legal
Matters in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Item 3 &#147;Legal
Proceedings&#148; under Part I of this document. 

 36 

 Table
of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

 Liquidity 

 The Company
relies on the following sources of liquidity to continue to operate as a going
concern: (i) cash and cash equivalents on hand; (ii) cash generated
from operations; (iii) sales of accounts receivables under the Company&#146;s
accounts receivables facilities; (iv) borrowings under the Company&#146;s
Credit Facility revolver; (v) net proceeds from asset sales; and (vi) access
to the capital markets. The Company&#146;s
principal uses of cash are to provide for working capital to fund its
operations and to service its debt obligations. 
The changes in financial markets in the late summer and fall of 2008
limited the ability of companies such as Chemtura to access the capital
markets. The deepening recession in the
fourth quarter of 2008 has had a significant impact on the Company&#146;s
operations, resulting in a sharp decline in financial performance. As a result, the Company&#146;s liquidity became
progressively more constrained in the fourth quarter of 2008. The Company has incurred net losses from
continuing operations of $973 million, $45 million and $273 million for the
years ended 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. 

 The Company&#146;s
$370 million 2009 Notes are due and payable on July 15, 2009. In light of the recent changes in the
financial markets, the Company decided in October 2008 to initiate the
sale of certain business assets in order to generate the funds to meet the
pending maturity. These asset sale
initiatives were aided by the Company&#146;s prior exploration of its strategic
alternatives that had included the investigation of value enhancing
transactions including the sale of one or more of its businesses. Unless the Company can complete a planned
asset sale or a debt refinancing transaction with net after-tax proceeds
sufficient to meet the redemption of these notes, it will default on its obligation
to redeem these notes upon maturity. Any
such default may cause a default under certain of the Company&#146;s other debt
obligations due to cross default provisions in those agreements. The asset sale process is progressing with
certain buyers now working to complete their due diligence. Upon completion of due diligence, it is
expected that buyers will submit final offers and the Company will be able to
determine if a transaction can be completed and if so, what the net proceeds
may be. However, until a definitive
agreement has been negotiated, executed, and the sale closed, there can be no
assurances that the Company will complete an asset sale(s) or have the
funds to redeem its 2009 Notes upon maturity. 
Further, any such asset sale and the use of resulting net proceeds,
requires the consent of the lenders under the Credit Facility and the
purchasers under the Company&#146;s new U.S. accounts receivable facility. 

 In the fourth quarter of 2008, the Company undertook a sequence of
actions to reduce costs as well as conserve cash. The Company continues to implement cost
reduction and cash generation actions. 
These actions include staff reductions, temporary plant closures with
the furlough of employees, suspension of its dividend, reductions in capital
spending, sale of surplus assets and working capital reductions. 

 Due to the
sharp decline in customer demand in November and December 2008, and
the resulting decline in sales, the Company&#146;s financial performance
deteriorated sharply in the fourth quarter of 2008 resulting in the Company&#146;s
inability to be in compliance with the two financial maintenance covenants
under the Credit Facility as of December 31, 2008. On December 30, 2008, the Company
obtained a 90-day waiver of compliance with these covenants from the lenders
under the Credit Facility. This waiver
expires on March 30, 2009. In the
current economic environment, it is unlikely that the Company&#146;s financial
performance in 2009 will be sufficient to enable it to be in compliance with
these covenants as of March 31, 2009 and for the balance of 2009. The Company will therefore require a further
amendment and waiver from the lenders under its Credit Facility prior to the
expiration of the current waiver period in order to avoid a default under the
Credit Facility. While an asset sale may
generate sufficient proceeds to meet the maturity of the 2009 Notes in July of
2009, the proceeds may not be sufficient to reduce the Company&#146;s indebtedness
to a level where it can be in compliance with these covenants in light of our
trailing twelve month financial performance at that time. It is therefore probable that an amendment of
the financial maintenance covenants under the Credit Facility will be required
at the time the lenders consider consenting to the asset sale. There can be no assurances that the lenders
will grant such further waivers or amendments on commercially reasonable terms,
if at all. A default under the Credit
Facility would result in a default under the terms of the Company&#146;s new U.S.
accounts receivable facility, 2009 Notes, 2016 Notes and 2026 Debentures. 

 37 

 Table
of Contents 

 In light of
the non-compliance with the financial maintenance covenants as of December 31,
2008 under its Credit Facility, for which the Company received a 90-day waiver,
and given that it is unlikely that the Company will be in compliance with these
covenants after the expiration of the 90-day waiver period and for the balance
of 2009, borrowings under the Credit Facility and other debt obligations that
contain cross default provisions have been recorded as current. Therefore, during the fourth quarter of 2008,
the Company classified its obligations under the Credit Facility, the 2016 Notes
and the 2026 Debentures, totaling $804 million, as current liabilities. Accordingly, at December 31, 2008, the
Company had a working capital deficiency of $558 million. 

 The Company&#146;s
liquidity has been constrained by changes in its financing agreements in light
of the changes in its financial performance. 
The Company&#146;s availability under its Credit Facility has historically
been constrained by the requirements to meet its two financial maintenance
covenants. Under the terms of the
amendment and waiver agreement with the lenders, fixed limits were defined on
the amount the Company can have outstanding under the Credit Facility
revolver. Those limits were set at $180
million for the period ended December 31, 2008, $195 million for the
period ended January 31, 2009 and then $190 million for the period ended March 30,
2009. 

 The Company&#146;s
liquidity has been further constrained by changes in the availability under its
accounts receivable facilities. The
eligibility criteria and reserve requirements under the Company&#146;s prior U.S.
accounts receivable facility tightened in the fourth quarter of 2008 following
a credit rating downgrade, significantly reducing the value of accounts
receivable that could be sold under the facility compared to September 30,
2008. The availability and access to the
Company&#146;s European accounts receivable facility were restricted in late December in
light of its financial performance. As a
result, the Company is currently unable to sell additional receivables under
this existing program. The new
three-year U.S. accounts receivable facility entered into by a special-purpose
subsidiary of the Company on January 23, 2009 has restored much of the
liquidity that the Company had pursuant to the prior U.S. accounts receivable
facility before the 2008 fourth quarter events. 
The Company is currently in discussions to revise certain terms of its
European accounts receivable facility under which we are currently unable to
sell additional receivables. The
anticipated revisions include among other matters, significantly reducing the
value of accounts receivable that can be sold under the facility from
approximately $244 million (&#128;175 million) to approximately $98 million (&#128;70
million) and changes to the subsidiaries eligible to sell accounts receivable
under the facility. These revisions are
subject to final approval and documentation. 

 The Company
will likely continue to incur operating losses in the first quarter of 2009 and
its liquidity remains constrained such that it may not be sufficient to meet
the Company&#146;s cash operating needs in this period of economic uncertainty. If
the Company would require liquidity in excess of what is available under its
Credit Facility and accounts receivable facilities, there is no assurance that
the Company can obtain additional liquidity on commercially reasonable terms, if
at all. If the Company is unable to obtain or sustain the liquidity required to
operate its business, or redeem or refinance its 2009 Notes upon maturity, the
Company may need to seek to modify the terms of its debts through court
reorganization proceedings to allow it, among other things, to reorganize its
capital structure. 

 The factors noted above raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s
ability to continue as a going concern. 
The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Significant Acquisitions and Divestitures 

 On March 12, 2008, the Company purchased the remaining outstanding
shares of GLCC Laurel, LLC for a note payable of $11 million. The note was paid on September 30,
2008. Since GLCC Laurel, LLC was already
being consolidated in the Company&#146;s financial statements, the purchase price
was allocated to reduce the minority interest liability by $23 million. The value of the long-lived assets was
reduced by $14 million since the fair value of the assets exceeded the purchase
price. The residual purchase price was
allocated to other assets. 

 On February 29, 2008, the Company
acquired the remaining stock of Baxenden Chemicals Limited Plc for approximately $26 million. The purchase price was allocated to goodwill
of $9 million; intangible assets of $7 million; property, plant and equipment
of $5 million; and other net assets of $5 million. 

 On February 29, 2008, the Company completed the sale of its
oleochemicals business and recorded a net loss of $26 million. The assets sold included inventory of $26
million; accounts receivable of $23 million; goodwill of $13 million; property, plant and equipment of $7
million; and intangible assets of $1 million. 
The oleochemicals business had revenues of approximately $160 million in
2007. Proceeds from the transaction were
used to reduce debt. 

 38 

 Table
of Contents 

 On January 31, 2008, the Company completed the sale of its
fluorine chemical business located at the Company&#146;s El Dorado, Arkansas
facility for an immaterial net loss. The
assets sold consisted of patents and intangible assets of $12 million;
inventory of $8 million; property,
plant and equipment of $8 million; and other current liabilities of $1
million. The fluorine chemical business
had revenues of approximately $49 million in 2007. The fluorine chemical business is reported as
a discontinued operation in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

 Cash Flows from Operations 

 Net cash used in operations was $11 million in 2008 compared to $149
million of net cash provided by operations in 2007. Changes in key working
capital accounts are summarized below: 

 Favorable (unfavorable) 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 Change 

 Accounts receivable 

 $ 

 89 

 $ 

 22 

 $ 

 67 

 Proceeds from the sale of accounts
 receivable 

 (136 

 ) 

 (41 

 ) 

 (95 

 ) 

 Inventories 

 (12 

 ) 

 10 

 (22 

 ) 

 Accounts payable 

 (25 

 ) 

 (20 

 ) 

 (5 

 ) 

 Pension and post-retirement health care
 liabilities 

 (46 

 ) 

 (22 

 ) 

 (24 

 ) 

 During 2008, accounts receivable decreased by $89 million
as compared to a $22 million decrease in 2007. The 2008 decrease in accounts
receivable was primarily a result of a decrease in sales volumes and the
benefit of the Company&#146;s collection efforts. 
In 2008, the decrease in the proceeds from the sale of accounts
receivable was $136 million, compared with a decrease of $41 million in
2007. The decrease in 2008 related to
reduced accounts receivable and changes in the terms of the accounts receivable
facilities in both the U.S. and Europe. 
Inventory increased by $12 million in 2008 as compared to a decrease of
$10 million in 2007. The increase in 2008 was primarily due to the impact of
increases in the costs of raw material and packaging. The decrease in 2007 related primarily to
planned reductions and the divestiture of the Celogen&#174; product line. The decrease in 2008 and 2007 in accounts
payable is primarily due to timing of vendor payments and additional
utilization of early payment discounts offered by vendors. 

 During 2008, the Company&#146;s pension and post-retirement healthcare
liabilities increased by $46 million, primarily due to a decrease in the fair
value of plan assets. This increase is net of contributions of $42 million,
which include $22 million for domestic plans and $20 million for international
plans. During 2007, the Company&#146;s
pension and post-retirement healthcare liabilities decreased by $22 million. This decrease includes contributions of $36
million, which include $23 million for domestic plans and $13 million for
international plans. 

 Net cash provided by operations in 2008 also reflects the impact of
various charges and changes in pre-existing reserves. A summary of these items and the net impact
on cash flows provided by (used in) operations is as follows: 

 Net Change per 

 Consolidated 

 2008 

 Statement of 

 2008 

 Cash 

 (In millions) 

 Cash Flows 

 Expense (benefit) 

 Payments 

 Interest expense 

 $ 

 (2 

 ) 

 $ 

 78 

 $ 

 (80 

 ) 

 Income taxes 

 (87 

 ) 

 (27 

 ) 

 (60 

 ) 

 Facility closure, severance and related
 costs 

 &#151; 

 26 

 (26 

 ) 

 Antitrust settlement costs 

 (16 

 ) 

 6 

 (22 

 ) 

 Environmental liabilities 

 (10 

 ) 

 5 

 (15 

 ) 

 Management incentive plans 

 1 

 8 

 (7 

 ) 

 Net cash used in operations in 2008 also reflects the impact of certain
non-cash charges, including $986 million in impairment charges, $237 million of
depreciation and amortization expense and $5 million related to stock-based
compensation expense. 

 39 

 Table
of Contents 

 Cash Flows from Investing and Financing
Activities 

 Net cash used in investing activities was $98 million for 2008, which
reflects net proceeds from divestures of the oleochemicals and fluorine
chemicals businesses of $64 million and net cash paid for the Baxenden, GLCC
Laurel and other miscellaneous acquisitions of $41 million. Additionally, capital expenditures for 2008
amounted to $121 million as compared with $117 million for 2007. Expenditures
were related to the maintenance and expansion of domestic and foreign
facilities, the Company&#146;s project to move its ERP systems to a single instance
of SAP 6.0, and environmental and other compliance requirements. 

 Net cash
provided by financing activities was $114 million for 2008, which included net
proceeds from borrowings of $180 million under the Credit Facility revolver and
other financing activities of $1 million, partially offset by dividend payments
of $36 million, payments on long-term borrowings of $31 million. 

 On October 30, 2008, the Company announced that it would suspend
the payment of dividends to conserve cash and expand liquidity in a period of
economic uncertainty. 

 Contractual
Obligations and Other Cash Requirements 

 The
Company has obligations to make future cash payments under contracts and
commitments, including long-term debt agreements, lease obligations,
environmental liabilities, antitrust settlements, post-retirement health care
liabilities, facility closures, severance and related cost liabilities, and
other long-term liabilities. 

 The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s
significant contractual obligations and other cash requirements as of December 31,
2008: 

 (In millions) 

 Payments Due by Period 

 2014 and 

 Contractual Obligations* 

 Total 

 2009 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 2013 

 Thereafter 

 Total debt (including capital leases) 

 (a ) 

 $ 

 1,224 

 $ 

 374 

 $ 

 181 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 668 

 Operating leases 

 (b) 

 128 

 26 

 21 

 14 

 12 

 11 

 44 

 Contractual antitrust settlements 

 (c) 

 18 

 18 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Facility closures, severance and related
 cost liabilities 

 (d) 

 31 

 30 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Capital expenditures 

 (e) 

 14 

 14 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Interest payments 

 (f) 

 475 

 76 

 47 

 45 

 45 

 45 

 217 

 Unconditional purchase obligations 

 (g) 

 87 

 4 

 7 

 7 

 7 

 5 

 57 

 Subtotal - Contractual Obligations 

 1,977 

 542 

 257 

 66 

 64 

 62 

 986 

 Environmental liabilities 

 (h) 

 113 

 14 

 20 

 22 

 12 

 11 

 34 

 Other antitrust settlements 

 (i) 

 17 

 17 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Post-retirement health care liabilities 

 (j) 

 107 

 13 

 13 

 12 

 11 

 11 

 47 

 Unrecognized tax benefits 

 85 

 2 

 &#151; 

 12 

 &#151; 

 1 

 70 

 Other long-term liabilities 

 (excluding pension liabilities) 

 33 

 2 

 7 

 3 

 3 

 1 

 17 

 Total cash requirements 

 $ 

 2,332 

 $ 

 590 

 $ 

 297 

 $ 

 115 

 $ 

 90 

 $ 

 86 

 $ 

 1,154 

 * Additional information is provided in the Debt, Leases,
Contingencies, Legal Matters, Pension and Other Post-Retirement Plans,
Restructuring and Asset Impairment Activities, and Income Taxes Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 (a) The
Company&#146;s debt agreements include various notes, debentures, bank loans and
future minimum payments under capital leases for which payments will be payable
through 2026. The f uture minimum lease
payments under capital leases at December 31, 2008 were not
significant. Obligations by period
reflect stated contractual due dates. 
Despite the stated maturity date, obligations under the Credit Facility,
the 2016 Notes and the 2026 Debentures have been classified as current
liabilities as described under Item 7 &#151; Liquidity. 

 (b) Represents
operating lease obligations primarily related to buildings, land and
equipment. Such obligations are net of
future sublease income and will be expensed over the life of the related lease
contracts. 

 (c) Final
installment payments of fines provided in the settlement of U.S. and Canadian
antitrust cases. 

 (d) Represents
estimated payments from accruals related to the Company&#146;s cost reduction
programs, including $2 million of unrecoverable future lease costs related to
the closure of the Tarrytown, NY site. 

 (e) Represents
capital commitments for various open projects. 

 (f) Represents
interest payments related to the Company&#146;s various debt agreements. 

 40 

 Table of Contents 

 (g) Primarily
represents unconditional purchase commitments to purchase raw materials and
tolling arrangements with outside vendors. 

 (h) The
Company has environmental liabilities for future remediation and operating and
maintenance costs directly related to remediation. The Company estimates the
environmental liability could range up to $146 million. The Company has recorded a liability for
environmental remediation of $107 million at December 31, 2008. 

 (i) Includes
$30 million of expected settlement payments of direct and indirect purchaser
class action lawsuits, and securities cases (net of estimated insurance
recoveries of $13 million). 

 (j) The
Company has post-retirement health care plans that provide health and life
insurance benefits to certain retired and active employees and their
beneficiaries. These plans are generally
not pre-funded and expenses are paid by the Company as incurred, with the
exception of certain inactive government related plans that are paid from plan
assets. 

 During 2008, the Company made payments of $31 million and $5 million
for operating leases and unconditional purchase obligations, respectively. 

 The Company funds its defined benefit pension plans based on the
minimum amounts required by law plus additional voluntary contribution amounts
the Company deems appropriate. Estimated
future funding requirements are highly dependent on factors that are not
readily determinable. These include
changes in legislation, returns earned on pension investment and other factors
related to assumptions regarding future liabilities. The Company made contributions of $42 million
in 2008 to its domestic and international pension and post-retirement benefit
plans (including payments made by the Company directly to plan
participants). See &#147;Critical Accounting
Estimates&#148; below for details regarding current pension assumptions. To the extent that current assumptions are
not realized, actual funding requirements may be significantly different from
those set out below. According to the requirement of the Pension Protection Act
of 2006, the Company is not required to contribute to the domestic qualified
pension plans in 2009. The following
table summarizes the estimated future funding requirements for defined benefit
pension plans under current assumptions: 

 Funding Requirements by Period 

 (In millions) 

 2009 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 2013 

 Qualified domestic pension plans 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 28 

 $ 

 16 

 $ 

 18 

 $ 

 16 

 International and non-qualified pension
 plans 

 17 

 18 

 17 

 19 

 18 

 Total pension plans 

 $ 

 17 

 $ 

 46 

 $ 

 33 

 $ 

 37 

 $ 

 34 

 Other Sources and Uses of Cash 

 The Company expects to finance its continuing operations and capital
spending requirements for 2009 from some combination of cash flows provided by
operations, proceeds from sales of businesses, available cash and cash
equivalents, additional sales of accounts receivable under its accounts
receivable facility agreements, borrowings under its Credit Facility or other
sources. However, there is no assurance
that the Company can complete its planned asset sales, that it can make further
drawings under its Credit Facility (other than as permitted under the December 30,
2008 amendment) or that it may be able to undertake financing transactions in
the debt capital markets. 

 At December 31, 2008, the Credit
Facility had commitments of $500 million available through July 2010
subject to the applicable agreements as amended. There were $180 million
in drawings under the Credit Facility at December 31,
2008. In addition, the Company had $75
million of outstanding letters of credit provided under the Credit
Facility. Under the terms of the
amendment and waiver agreement with the lenders dated December 30, 2008,
fixed limits were defined on the amount the Company can borrow under the Credit
Facility revolver. The limits were $180
million for the period ending December 31, 2008, $195 million for the
period ending January 31, 2009 and then $190 million for the period ending
March 30, 2009. There was no
undrawn availability under the Credit Facility as of December 31, 2008. 

 In addition, as of December 31, 2008, the Company had a U.S.
accounts receivable facility that permitted sales of up to $100 million of
domestic receivables to certain purchasers subject to certain eligibility and
reserve requirements. As of December 31,
2008, $36 million of domestic accounts receivable had been sold under this
program that represented the maximum amount permitted under the terms of the
facility. In addition, the Company&#146;s
European subsidiaries had an accounts receivable facility that permitted sales
of up to approximately $244 million subject to certain eligibility and reserve
requirements. As of December 31,
2008, a net amount of $67 million of international accounts receivable had been
sold under this program, being restricted by limitations imposed by the
purchaser due to the Company&#146;s financial condition. 

 41 

 Table
of Contents 

 Included in
cash and cash equivalents in the Company&#146;s consolidated balance sheets at December 31,
2008 and 2007, are $1 million and $2 million, respectively of restricted cash
that is required to be on deposit to support certain letters of credit and
performance guarantees, the majority of which will be settled within one
year. There are no additional legal
restrictions on these cash balances. 

 Credit Facility Covenants 

 Pursuant to a Credit Facility
covenant, the Company and the domestic subsidiary guarantors were, in June of
2007, required to provide a security interest in the equity of their first tier
subsidiaries (limited to 66% of the voting stock of first-tier foreign
subsidiaries). Under the terms of the
indentures for the 7% Notes due 2009, 6.875% Notes due 2016 and the 6.875%
Debentures due 2026 (the &#147;Notes&#148;), the Company is required to provide security
for the Notes on an equal and ratable basis if (and for so long as) the
principal amount of secured debt exceeds certain thresholds related to the
Company&#146;s assets. The thresholds vary
under each of the indentures. In order
to avoid having the Notes become equally and ratably secured with the Credit
Facility obligations, the lenders agreed to limit the amount secured by the
pledged equity to the maximum amount that would not require the notes to become
equally and ratably secured (the &#147;Maximum Amount&#148;). 

 The Company&#146;s Credit Facility contains
covenants that limit the Company&#146;s ability to enter into certain transactions,
such as incurring additional indebtedness, payment of dividends, repurchasing
its equity and entering into acquisitions, dispositions and joint
ventures. The Company is required to make
certain periodic representations to the lenders, including compliance with
covenants and that no material adverse change (as defined in the agreement) has
occurred. Under the two financial
maintenance covenants, the Company is required to maintain a leverage ratio
(adjusted total debt (&#147;Total Debt&#148;) to adjusted earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortization for the last twelve months (&#147;Bank EBITDA&#148;),
with adjustments to both debt and earnings being made in accordance with the
terms of the Credit Facility agreement) where adjusted debt must not exceed 3.0
times Bank EBITDA and an interest coverage ratio (Bank EBITDA to interest
expense as defined in the Credit Facility agreement) where Bank EBITDA must be
at least 4.5 times interest expense. 

 The following table shows the calculation of
the covenant ratios as of December 31, 2008 based on using the principle
components as defined in the agreement: 

 Interest 

 Leverage 

 Coverage 

 (In millions) 

 Ratio 

 Ratio 

 Total Debt 

 1,259 

 N/A 

 Interest Expense 

 N/A 

 78 

 Bank EBITDA 

 334 

 334 

 Calculated Ratio 

 3.77 

 4.25 

 Maximum Ratio per Agreement 

 3.00 

 N/A 

 Minimum Ratio per Agreement 

 N/A 

 4.50 

 N/A = Not
Applicable 

 As noted above, the Company was not in
compliance with the financial maintenance covenants of the Credit Facility as
of December 31, 2008. On December 30,
2008, we obtained a 90-day waiver of compliance with these covenants from the
lenders under the Credit Facility. This
waiver expires on March 30, 2009. 
In connection with the amendment and waiver agreement to the Credit
Facility, the Company and the Domestic Subsidiary Guarantors entered into a
Second Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement. In addition to the prior pledge of equity
granted to secure the Credit Facility obligations, the Company and the Domestic
Subsidiary Guarantors granted a security interest in its domestic
inventory. The value of this security
interest continues to be limited to the Maximum Amount. 

 42 

 Table
of Contents 

 Pursuant to the amendment and waiver, during
the waiver period, the margin added to calculate interest rates has been
increased from 0.60% to 2.60% per annum for base rate advances and from 1.60%
to 3.60% per annum for EURIBO Rate advances. 
Additionally, the unused commitment fee was increased from 0.40% to
1.00% per annum. Further, a restricted payment covenant was
added to the Credit Facility, restricting the ability of the Company to make
cash dividends and repurchase its equity during the waiver period, subject to
certain limited exceptions. 

 On January 23, 2009, the Company entered
into a new U.S. accounts receivable facility with up to $150 million of
capacity and a three-year term. Lenders
who participated reduced their commitments to the Credit Facility pro-rata to
their participation in the new securitization facility. As a result,
lender commitments under the Credit Facility were further reduced from $500
million to $350 million. The
Company is currently in discussions to revise certain terms of its European
accounts receivable facility under which we are currently unable to sell
additional receivables. The anticipated
revisions include among other matters, significantly reducing the value of
accounts receivable that can be sold under the facility from approximately $244
million (&#128;175 million) to approximately $98 million (&#128;70 million) and changes
to the subsidiaries eligible to sell accounts receivable under the
facility. These revisions are subject to
final approval and documentation. 

 The Company has issued standby letters of credit with various financial
institutions which utilize available capacity under the Credit Facility. At December 31, 2008, the Company had $75
million of outstanding letters of credit primarily related to liabilities for
environmental remediation insurance obligations and European value added tax
(VAT) obligations. During the 90-day
waiver period ending on March 30, 2009, letters of credit are not
permitted to exceed $97 million in value. 

 43 

 Table
of Contents 

 RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS 

 (In
millions, except per share data) 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 Net Sales 

 Polymer Additives 

 $ 

 1,580 

 $ 

 1,806 

 $ 

 1,712 

 Performance Specialies 

 999 

 911 

 670 

 Consumer Products 

 516 

 567 

 566 

 Crop Protection 

 394 

 352 

 311 

 Other 

 57 

 111 

 199 

 Net Sales 

 $ 

 3,546 

 $ 

 3,747 

 $ 

 3,458 

 Operating Profit (Loss) 

 Polymer Additives 

 $ 

 11 

 $ 

 62 

 $ 

 118 

 Performance Specialies 

 111 

 116 

 93 

 Consumer Products 

 50 

 62 

 56 

 Crop Protection 

 78 

 58 

 28 

 Other 

 1 

 (3 

 ) 

 11 

 Segment Operating Profit 

 251 

 295 

 306 

 General corporate expense including
 amortization 

 (99 

 ) 

 (91 

 ) 

 (80 

 ) 

 Change in useful life of property, plant
 and equipment 

 (32 

 ) 

 (40 

 ) 

 (18 

 ) 

 Facility closures, severance and related
 costs 

 (26 

 ) 

 (36 

 ) 

 (5 

 ) 

 Antitrust costs 

 (12 

 ) 

 (35 

 ) 

 (90 

 ) 

 Merger costs 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (17 

 ) 

 Loss on sale of businesses 

 (25 

 ) 

 (15 

 ) 

 (11 

 ) 

 Impairment of long-lived assets 

 (986 

 ) 

 (19 

 ) 

 (80 

 ) 

 Total Operating (Loss) Profit 

 (929 

 ) 

 59 

 5 

 Interest expense 

 (78 

 ) 

 (87 

 ) 

 (102 

 ) 

 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (44 

 ) 

 Other income (expense), net 

 7 

 (13 

 ) 

 (6 

 ) 

 Loss from continuing operations before
 income taxes 

 (1,000 

 ) 

 (41 

 ) 

 (147 

 ) 

 Income tax benefit (provision) 

 27 

 (4 

 ) 

 (126 

 ) 

 Loss from continuing operations 

 (973 

 ) 

 (45 

 ) 

 (273 

 ) 

 Earnings from discontinued operations 

 &#151; 

 18 

 20 

 Gain on sale of discontinued operations 

 &#151; 

 24 

 47 

 Net Loss 

 $ 

 (973 

 ) 

 $ 

 (3 

 ) 

 $ 

 (206 

 ) 

 Basic and Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per
 Common Share 

 Loss from continuing operations before cumulative
 effect of accounting change 

 $ 

 (4.01 

 ) 

 $ 

 (0.18 

 ) 

 $ 

 (1.13 

 ) 

 Earnings from discontinued operations 

 &#151; 

 0.07 

 0.08 

 Gain on sale of discontinued operations 

 &#151; 

 0.10 

 0.20 

 Net Loss 

 $ 

 (4.01 

 ) 

 $ 

 (0.01 

 ) 

 $ 

 (0.85 

 ) 

 44 

 Table
of Contents 

 2008 COMPARED TO 2007 

 Overview 

 Consolidated net sales of $3,546 million for 2008 were $201 million
lower than the prior year. Net sales
decreased by $227 million due to lower volume and product mix, $205 million due
to business divestitures (oleochemicals business, organic peroxides business
and the Celogen&#174;, Diamond, and Terraclor product lines), which were partially
offset by $159 million in increased selling prices, $52 million in favorable
foreign currency translation and $20 million from the Kaufman acquisition in
the first quarter of 2007. 

 Gross profit decreased by $128 million to $736 million for 2008 as
compared with the 2007. Gross profit as
a percentage of sales declined to 21% in 2008 from 23% in 2007. The decrease in gross profit reflects $205
million impact from increases in raw material and energy costs, $41 million in
lower volume, $30 million in unfavorable manufacturing costs and $11 million in
other cost increases. These unfavorable
factors were partially offset by $159 million in higher selling prices. Unfavorable manufacturing costs were
primarily driven by unallocated overhead resulting from temporary plant
closures during the fourth quarter of 2008. 

 Selling, general and administrative (&#147;SG&A&#148;) expense of $332
million for 2008 was $40 million lower than in 2007. This decrease is primarily due to the impact
of the Company&#146;s restructuring program that was announced in June 2007 and
other cost reduction initiatives. 

 Depreciation and amortization expense of $237 million for 2008 was $32
million lower than in 2007. This
decrease is primarily due to a net reduction in accelerated depreciation of
property, plant and equipment of $23 million. 
In 2007, accelerated depreciation was related to the closure of certain
antioxidant manufacturing facilities in Europe, and in 2008 it was principally
related to the oleochemicals business which was sold in the first quarter of
2008. 

 Research and development expense of $51 million for 2008 was $11
million lower than in 2007 as a result of cost reduction initiatives. 

 Facility closure, severance and related costs for 2008 were $26
million, which was due primarily to the Company&#146;s restructuring program
announced in December 2008. The
2007 costs of $36 million were primarily severance costs related to the Company&#146;s
2007 cost savings initiatives. 

 The Company incurred antitrust costs of $12 million in 2008 compared
with $35 million in 2007. Antitrust
costs for 2008 were primarily related to settlement offers made to certain
rubber chemical claimants and legal costs associated with antitrust
investigations and civil lawsuits. 
Antitrust costs for the same period in 2007 primarily represented
settlement offers made to certain urethane and rubber chemicals claimants,
indirect case claimants, securities class action plaintiffs and legal costs
associated with the antitrust investigations and civil lawsuits. 

 Loss on sale of business of $25 million in 2008 was primarily related
to the sale of the oleochemicals business. 
The loss on sale of business of $15 million in 2007 was primarily
related to the sale of the Celogen&#174; product line. 

 The impairment of long-lived assets of $986 million in 2008 was
primarily related to reducing the carrying value of goodwill in the Company&#146;s
Consumer Products and Polymer Additives segments. The impairment of long-lived assets was $19
million in 2007. Included in this charge
was $9 million related to the Company&#146;s Ravenna, Italy facility, $4 million
related to facilities affected by the 2007 restructuring programs, $3 million
related to the sale of the Marshall, Texas facility and $3 million related to
the Company&#146;s legacy ERP systems. 

 The Company incurred an operating loss of $929 million for 2008
compared with operating profit of $59 million for 2007. The decrease in operating profit reflects a
$967 million increase in impairment of long-lived assets (2008 included a $985
million impairment of goodwill associated with the Polymer Additives and
Consumer Products segments and a $1 million impairment of property, plant and
equipment), a $128 million decrease in gross profit discussed above and a $10
million increase in loss on sale of business. 
These unfavorable impacts were partially offset by a $51 million
decrease in selling, general, administrative, and research and development (&#147;SGA&R&#148;)
expenses due to savings from the 2007 restructuring program and cost-reduction
initiatives, a $32 million decrease in depreciation and amortization, a $23
million decrease in antitrust costs, a $10 million increase in facility
closures, severance and related costs and a $1 million in other cost decreases. 

 45 

 Table of Contents 

 Loss from continuing operations
for 2008 was $973 million, or $4.01 per diluted share, as compared to a loss of
$45 million, or $0.18 per diluted share, for the same period of 2007. 

 Polymer
Additives 

 Net sales for the Polymer
Additives segment of $1,580 million in 2008 decreased by $226 million compared
with 2007. Operating profit of $11
million for 2008 decreased $51 million compared with $62 million for 2007. 

 The decrease in net sales
reflects a $145 million reduction resulting from the divestiture of the
oleochemicals business and the organic peroxides product line, and a decrease
in volume of $188 million related primarily to the plastic antioxidants, flame
retardants and PVC additives product lines. 
These reductions were partially offset by a $78 million increase due to
improvements in selling prices primarily to recover higher raw material and
energy costs, and $29 million of favorable foreign currency translation. 

 Operating profit reflected the
impact of $122 million in raw material and energy cost increases, $24 million
from lower volume and unfavorable product mix, $21 million of increased
manufacturing costs, and $6 million related to divestitures. These decreases in operating profit were
partially offset by $78 million from increased selling prices, a $16 million
reduction in accelerated depreciation of certain assets, $7 million reduction
in corporate charges, $7 million from lower general administrative and selling
expenditures, $7 million from lower distribution costs, $3 million in reduced
R&D spending, $3 million of favorable currency translation and a $1 million
increase in equity income. 

 Performance
Specialties 

 Net sales in the Performance
Specialties segment of $999 million for 2008 increased by $88 million as
compared with 2007. Operating profit
decreased $5 million to $111 million compared with $116 million in 2007. 

 The net sales increase of $88
million was due to $69 million in higher selling prices, $20 million from the
first quarter 2007 acquisition of Kaufman, and a $9 million benefit related to
favorable foreign currency translation, partially offset by a $10 million
decrease in volume. 

 The reduction in operating
profit reflected the effect of raw material cost increases of $63 million,
higher distribution costs of $10 million, increased manufacturing costs of $8
million, a $4 million impact from lower volume, one-time manufacturing expenses
related to a supply agreement of $2 million, and net inventory write-offs of $1
million. These unfavorable factors were partially offset by $69 million from
higher selling prices, an $8 million reduction in corporate charges, a $4
million increase due to the Kaufman acquisition, and $2 million in favorable
foreign currency translation. 

 Consumer
Products 

 The Consumer Products segment
reported net sales of $516 million for 2008, compared with $567 million for
2007. Operating profit was $50 million
for 2008, which reflects a decrease of $12 million from the $62 million
reported in 2007. 

 The net sales decrease of $51
million was due to a $72 million decrease in sales volume, partially offset by
improvements in selling prices of $14 million and favorable foreign currency
translation of $7 million. The loss in
volume during 2008 is attributable to lower volume of distributor sales,
following the decision to terminate sales though this channel, lower dealer and
international sales due to a combination of poor weather conditions and
constrained consumer spending, partially offset by higher sales in the mass
market channel. 

 The reduction in operating
profit was primarily driven by $35 million in lower volume, $10 million of
higher raw material costs and $2 million from unfavorable manufacturing
costs. These decreases in operating
profit were partly offset by a $14 million increase in selling prices, a $9
million reduction in the cost of marketing programs, a $7 million reduction in
corporate charges, a $4 million reduction in distribution costs and $1 million
from foreign currency translation. 

 Crop
Protection 

 Net sales for the Crop
Protection segment were $394 million for 2008, an increase of $42 million over
2007. Operating profit of $78 million
increased by $20 million over 2007. 

 46 

 Table of Contents 

 The increase in net sales
reflects an increase of $44 million from organic volume growth primarily due to
increased demand for products across Europe and an $8 million benefit from
foreign currency translation, slightly offset by $3 million in reduced selling
prices and $7 million due to the sale of certain product lines. 

 The increase in operating
profit was primarily driven by $19 million in higher volume and favorable
product mix, $4 million from lower manufacturing costs, $3 million from reduced
R&D project spending, $3 million from reduced corporate charges, $2 million
due to favorable foreign currency translation, a $1 million reduction in
provision for doubtful accounts related to certain customers in Brazil, and a
net reduction of $4 million from other cost savings programs. These favorable factors were partly offset by
the product line divestitures that reduced operating profit by $6 million,
increased raw materials costs of $4 million, distribution cost increases of $3
million, and a $3 million decrease in selling prices. 

 Other 

 Net sales for the Company&#146;s
non-core businesses, reported in the Other segment, were $57 million for 2008,
a decrease of $54 million from 2007. 
Operating profit of $1 million increased by $4 million relative to 2007. 

 The $54 million decline in net
sales was primarily from the sale of the Celogen&#174; foaming agent product line in
June of 2007 with an impact of $52 million. Other factors include a $2 million decline
from unfavorable foreign currency translation, a $1 million decline due to
volume and product mix driven by discontinuing production of the remaining rubber
chemicals, and an increase of $1 million from higher selling prices. 

 Operating profit increased $4
million over the prior year due to a $4 million increase from volume and mix, a
reduction in accelerated asset retirement obligations of $4 million, an
improvement in price of $1 million and other costs reductions of $1 million,
offset by raw material and energy cost increases of $6 million. 

 General
Corporate 

 General corporate expenses
include costs and expenses that are of a general nature or managed on a
corporate basis. These costs primarily
represent corporate administration services, costs related to corporate
headquarters, management compensation plan expenses related to executives and
corporate managers and all amortization expense. Functional costs are allocated between the
business segments and general corporate expense. 

 General corporate expense was
$99 million for 2008, which included $45 million of amortization expense
related to intangibles, compared with $91 million for 2007, which included $40
million of amortization expense. 

 Amortization expense in 2008
included a $4 million charge related to the acceleration of amortization of the
intangible value of the Company&#146;s discontinued Sun&#174; brand product line. The remaining increase in corporate expense
of $3 million, net of amortization, was primarily due to a $7 million charge
relating to an assumed lease, a $4 million benefit in 2007 from the sale of an
office lease and a $1 million pension settlement in Canada. These increases were offset by $5 million
curtailment gain due to the decision to eliminate future earnings benefits of
participants in certain international pension plans, and a $5 million benefit
related to the recovery of insurance proceeds associated with hurricanes
Katrina and Rita in 2005 and a facility fire in 2004 and other cost decreases
of $1 million. 

 Other Expenses 

 Interest expense of $78 million
for 2008 is $9 million lower than in 2007. 
The decrease was due to lower average borrowings under the Company&#146;s
credit facilities. 

 Other income, net was $7
million in 2008 compared with $13 million of expense in 2007. The $20 million increase in income reflects
an increase in favorable foreign currency gains of $14 million, lower minority
interest expense of $6 million, lower costs associated with the accounts
receivable facilities of $5 million and an increase in interest income of $1
million, partially offset by fees and expenses associated with the Credit
Facility amendment and waiver in December 2008 of $6 million. 

 Income Taxes 

 The Company&#146;s income tax
benefit from continuing operations was $27 million in 2008 compared with tax
expense of $4 million in 2007, an increase in benefit of $31 million. This change is principally due to the mix of
domestic versus foreign earnings, a book based goodwill impairment charge and
the increase of a valuation allowance against the Company&#146;s deferred tax
assets. 

 47 

 Table of Contents 

 Discontinued Operations 

 Gain on sale of discontinued
operations in 2007 was $24 million (net of $13 million of tax). The gain includes $23 million related to the
sale of the EPDM business and $2 million related to the final contingent
earn-out proceeds related to the sale of the OrganoSilicones business,
partially offset by a loss of $1 million from the sale of the Optical Monomers
business. 

 Earnings from discontinued
operations in 2007 was $18 million (net of $9 million of tax), which reflect
the operations of the EPDM, fluorine and optical monomers businesses that were
subsequently sold. 

 2007
COMPARED TO 2006 

 Overview 

 Consolidated net sales for 2007
of $3,747 million rose $289 million as compared to 2006 net sales of $3,458
million. The increase in sales primarily
reflects a net $173 million attributable to acquisitions and divestitures, $61
million of favorable foreign currency impact, $43 million from higher selling
prices and other increases of $12 million, primarily related to sales volume
and product mix. The increases in selling
prices occurred within the Polymer Additives, Performance Specialties and
Consumer Products segments and were the result of passing raw material cost
increases through to customers. The
Company&#146;s selling prices increases during the year did not offset increases in
raw material costs during 2007. 

 Gross profit increased $33
million for 2007 as compared with 2006. 
Gross profit as a percentage of sales declined to 23% from 24% for 2007
and 2006, respectively. The gross profit
increase is due to $43 million in higher selling prices, a $38 million benefit
related to higher sales volume and changes in product mix, a net $38 million
related to acquisitions and divestitures, $10 million in manufacturing cost
savings initiatives, $4 million from reduced spending on corporate programs and
other increases of $1 million. These
increases were offset partially by higher raw material and energy costs of $99
million and a $2 million unfavorable foreign currency impact. 

 SG&A of $372 million for
2007 increased $10 million from $362 million for 2006. SG&A in 2007
included higher spending related to legal fees, insurance and pension costs,
which were offset principally by restructuring savings. 

 Depreciation and amortization
expense of $269 million was $65 million higher than 2006 due primarily to the
acceleration of depreciation related to the change in the useful life of
certain fixed assets at several of the Company&#146;s manufacturing facilities and
the Kaufman acquisition in the first quarter of 2007. 

 Research and development
expense of $62 million for 2007 was $1 million higher than 2006. 

 Facility closures, severance
and related costs were $36 million for 2007, as compared with $5 million for
2006. The 2007 costs are primarily for
severance costs related to the restructuring plans announced in the second
quarter of 2007. The 2006 costs were
primarily severance costs related to the Company&#146;s 2006 cost savings
initiatives, offset in part by the reversal of reserves related to the Company&#146;s
2004 restructuring initiative that were no longer deemed necessary. 

 The Company incurred antitrust
costs of $35 million for 2007 as compared with $90 million for 2006. Antitrust
costs for 2007 includes $20 million for settlement offers made to certain
urethanes, rubber chemical, securities case claimants and $15 million for legal
costs associated with the antitrust investigations and civil lawsuits. The 2006 costs included $70 million primarily
for settlement offers made to certain rubber chemicals, EPDM, plastic additives,
urethanes, indirect cases, and securities class action claimants and $20
million for legal costs associated with the antitrust investigations and civil
lawsuits. 

 The Company incurred $17 million of merger costs in 2006. These non-capitalizable costs primarily consist
of consulting expenses and relocation related costs directly attributable to
the merger with Great Lakes and severance for Crompton employees. No merger
costs were incurred in 2007. 

 The loss on sale of business of
$15 million in 2007 primarily relates to the sale of the Celogen&#174; product line in June 2007. The loss on sale of business of $11 million
in 2006 primarily related to the sale of the IWA business in May 2006. 

 48 

 Table of Contents 

 The Company recorded a charge of $19 million for the impairment of
long-lived assets for 2007, which included $9 million related to the Company&#146;s
Ravenna, Italy facility, $4 million related to facilities affected by the 2007
restructuring programs, $3 million related to the sale of the Marshall, Texas
facility and $3 million related to the Company&#146;s legacy ERP systems. The $80 million charge for impairment of
non-current assets in 2006 included $52 million for the impairment of goodwill
related to the fluorine business, $22 million related to the impairment of
certain tangible and intangible assets of the fluorine business and $6 million
related to the retained long-lived assets of the IWA business, which was sold
in May 2006. 

 Operating profit of $59 million
for 2007 increased $54 million as compared with operating profit of $5 million
for 2006. This increase is primarily due
to an increase in gross profit of $33 million, lower antitrust costs of $55
million, lower merger costs of $17 million and a $61 million reduction in
charges for the impairment of long-lived assets, partially offset by a $65
million increase in depreciation and amortization expense, $31 million higher
facility closures, severance and related costs, higher SG&A of $10 million,
an increase in loss on sale of business of $4 million, a $1 million increase in
research and development costs and other cost increases of $1 million. 

 Loss from continuing operations
for 2007 was $45 million, or $0.18 per diluted share, as compared to a loss of
$273 million, or $1.13 per diluted share, for the same period of 2006. This increase is primarily due to the
increase in operating profit discussed above and decreases in interest expense,
loss on early extinguishment of debt and income tax expense. 

 Polymer
Additives 

 Net sales for the Polymer
Additives segment were $1.8 billion in 2007, an increase of $94 million from
sales of $1.7 billion for 2006. Reported
operating income of $62 million in 2007 was $56 million lower than that
reported for the same period in 2006. 

 The increase in net sales
reflected the Company&#146;s ability to regain sales volume, primarily in plastic
surfactants and PVC plastic additives products, which accounted for $38 million
of the improvement and $26 million related to the effect of favorable foreign
currency impact. Additionally, selling
price increases of $30 million reflect the Company&#146;s ability to pass through a
portion of the escalating cost of raw materials. 

 The decrease in operating
income was impacted by $77 million of raw material and energy cost increases,
$30 million in accelerated depreciation and $6 million of unfavorable foreign
currency impact. These factors were partially
offset by a $30 million increase in customer price, a net $19 million increase
due to product mix and $8 million in favorable manufacturing costs. 

 Performance
Specialties 

 Net sales in the Performance
Specialties segment were $911 million in 2007, an increase of $241 from sales
of $670 million for the same period in 2006. 
Reported operating income was $116 million, an increase of $23 million
from $93 million reported for the same period in 2006. 

 The increase in net sales is
driven by the acquisition of Kaufman accounting for $181 million, organic sales
volume growth of $34 million, $14 million from the favorable effect of foreign
currency translation and $12 million of higher selling prices. Selling price increases reflect the Company&#146;s
ability to pass through a portion of raw material increases to customers. 

 The increase in operating
income reflects a $23 million benefit from the Kaufman acquisition. Additionally, results from improved
efficiencies and changes in sales mix towards higher margin products accounted
for $9 million. These factors were
offset by $19 million related to the rising cost of raw materials of which $12
million was recaptured through certain pricing and $2 million of other costs. 

 Consumer
Products 

 Net sales for the Consumer
Products segment were $567 million in 2007, an increase of $1 million from
sales of $566 million for the same period in 2006. Reported operating income of $62 million for
2007, increased by $6 million from the $56 million reported for the same period
in 2006. 

 49 

 Table of Contents 

 The increase in net sales is
driven by improvement in selling prices of $11 million, a $10 million benefit
related to the effect of favorable foreign currency and $1 million related to
an acquisition in late 2006. These
factors were partially offset by a decrease of $21 million in sales
volume. The loss of volume is primarily
attributable to lower volume in the professional sales, household and
international channels, which were mostly offset by higher sales in the U.S.
mass market channel. 

 The increase in operating
income reflects the $11 million increase in selling price, a net $2 million
benefit from favorable foreign currency translation. These factors were partially offset by a $3
million charge related to manufacturing efficiencies, $3 million of increased
raw materials costs and $1 million of other costs. 

 Crop
Protection 

 Net sales for the Crop
Protection segment were $352 million for 2007, an increase of $41 million from
sales of $311 million for the same period in 2006. Operating income of $58 million for 2007
increased by $30 million over the same period in 2006. 

 The increase in net sales
reflects increases of $36 million from organic sales volume growth, a $10
million benefit from foreign currency translation and $2 million of growth from
acquisitions. The increase in sales
volume is primarily due to increased global demand in our insecticides product
line and greater agricultural demand across Europe. These factors were partially offset by a $7
million decline in customer selling prices. 
The decline in selling prices reflects increased competition from
generically branded products. 

 The increase in operating
income reflects $15 million in higher volumes, $6 million in cost savings
initiatives and $1 million related to the favorable effect of foreign
currency. Additionally, the results of
$4 million gain from the sales of certain assets in the fourth quarter and $1
million from the full year impact of the Trace acquisition. In 2006 there was an $11 million charge in
Brazil for doubtful accounts that was not required in 2007. These factors were partially offset by a
decline in selling prices of $7 million and $1 million of other costs. 

 Other 

 Net sales for the Company&#146;s
other businesses, primarily non-core operations, were $111 million for 2007
representing a decrease of $88 million compared with net sales of $199 million
for the same period in 2006. Operating
loss decreased to $3 million for 2007 compared with operating income of $11
million in the same period of 2006. The
decline in net sales reflects the sale of the Celogen&#174; foaming agent product
line in the second quarter of 2007. 

 General
Corporate 

 General corporate expenses include
costs and expenses that are of a general nature or managed on a corporate
basis. These costs primarily represent
corporate administration services, costs related to corporate headquarters, and
management compensation plan expenses related to executives and corporate
managers. General corporate expenses
also include all amortization expenses. 
General corporate expenses of $91 million for 2007 increased by $11
million compared with same period in 2006, due primarily to increases in
pension costs, environmental reserves and lobbying expenses. 

 Other Expenses 

 Interest expense decreased by
$15 million for 2007 compared with the same period in 2006. The decrease was due primarily to the early
retirement of the Company&#146;s 9.875% Senior Notes due 2012 and the Floating Rate
Notes due 2010 in 2006. 

 Other expense, net was $13
million for 2007 as compared with other expense, net of $6 million for
2006. The increase was primarily due to
higher minority interest expense of $7 million and an increase of $5 million in
costs associated with accounts receivable facilities, offset by favorable
foreign currency of $21 million. 
Additionally, 2006 included income of $12 million related to equity
income and the gain on sale of the Company&#146;s Davis Standard joint venture,
which was sold in October 2006 and $4 million for a favorable settlement
of a contractual matter. 

 During 2006, the Company recorded a loss on early extinguishment of
debt of $44 million, which includes a $20 million loss from the May 2006
retirement of the 2010 Notes and a $24 million loss from the July 2006
retirement of the 2012 Notes. 

 50 

 Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 

 The Company&#146;s income tax
expense for continuing operations was $4 million for 2007 as compared with
income tax expense of $126 million for the same period of 2006. 

 The tax benefit associated with
the Company&#146;s 2007 pre-tax loss was impacted by non-deductible antitrust costs,
newly established reserves for uncertain tax positions, foreign source income
subject to U.S. taxation, tax law changes and income tax credits. 

 Discontinued Operations 

 For 2007, the Company recorded
a gain on sale of discontinued operations of $24 million (net of taxes of $13
million), or $0.10 per diluted share. 
The net after-tax gain is comprised of a gain of $3 million related to
the sale of the OrganoSilicones business representing the recognition of final
contingent earn-out proceeds, a gain of $23 related to the sale of the EPDM
business on July 29, 2007 and a loss of $2 million related to the sale of
optical monomers on October 31, 2007. 

 For 2006, the Company recorded
a gain on sale of discontinued operations of $47 million (net of taxes of $21
million), or $0.20 per diluted share, related to the sale of the
OrganoSilicones business in July of 2003. 
This gain primarily represents the recognition of the additional
contingent earn-out proceeds. 

 Earnings from discontinued
operations in 2007 of $18 million (net of income tax of $9 million), or $0.07
per common share, related to the EPDM business sold in June 2007, the
optical monomers business sold in October 2007, the fluorine business sold
in January 2008 and adjustments related to the sale of the OrganoSilicones
business sold in July 2003. 
Earnings from discontinued operations in 2006 of $20 million (net of
income tax of $10 million), or $0.08 per common share, related to the EPDM
business, the optical monomers business and the fluorine business. 

 CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 

 The Company&#146;s consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States, which require the Company
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts and disclosures
reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
Accounting estimates and assumptions in this section are those the Company
considers to be the most critical to understanding of our financial statements
because they inherently involve significant judgments and uncertainties. For
all of these estimates, we note that future events rarely develop exactly as
forecast, and the best estimates routinely require adjustment. Actual results could differ from such
estimates. The following paragraphs summarize the Company&#146;s critical accounting
estimates. Significant accounting
policies used in the preparation of the Company&#146;s consolidated financial
statements are discussed in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Recoverability of
Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill 

 The Company evaluates the
recoverability of the carrying value of its long-lived assets, excluding
goodwill, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value may not be recoverable. Under such circumstances, the Company
assesses whether the projected undiscounted cash flows of its businesses are
sufficient to recover the existing unamortized cost of its long-lived assets.
If the undiscounted projected cash flows are not sufficient, the Company
calculates the impairment amount by discounting the projected cash flows using
its weighted average cost of capital. The amount of the impairment is
written-off against earnings in the period in which the impairment has been determined
in accordance with FASB Statement No. 144, &#147;Accounting for the Impairment
or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.&#148; 

 The Company tests the
recoverability of goodwill for each of its reporting units on an annual basis
as of July 31, or when events occur or circumstances change, by comparing
the net book value to the estimated fair value of each of its reporting units
to determine if there is a potential impairment issue. The fair value is
estimated based on discounted projected cash flows. In estimating the
discounted projected cash flows, the Company utilizes estimated long-term
revenue and cash flow forecasts developed as part of its planning process, as
well as assumptions of terminal value, together with its weighted average cost
of capital, to determine fair value. If the fair value is not sufficient to
cover the carrying value of the reporting unit, the Company calculates the
goodwill impairment amount related to that reporting unit in accordance with
FASB Statement 142, &#147;Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.&#148; Any impairment is
charged against earnings in the period in which the amount has been determined. 

 51 

 Table of Contents 

 During the quarter ended June 30,
2008, the Company updated its long-term financial projections for each of its
businesses. The projections for the
Consumer Products segment indicated an inability to sustain the level of
goodwill associated with that segment. A
goodwill impairment charge of $320 million was recorded in this reporting unit
in the second quarter of 2008. 

 The Company&#146;s cash flow
projections, used to estimate the fair value of its reporting units, are based
on subjective estimates. Although the
Company believes that its projections reflect its best estimates of the future
performance of its reporting units, changes in estimated revenues or operating
margins could have an impact on the estimated fair values. Any increases in estimated reporting unit
cash flows would have had no impact on the carrying value of goodwill in that
reporting unit. However, a decrease in
future estimated reporting unit cash flows could require the Company to
determine whether recognition of a goodwill impairment charge was
required. Based on the estimated fair
values used to test goodwill for impairment in accordance with FASB Statement No. 142,
the Company concluded that no impairment existed in any of its reporting units
at July 31, 2008. 

 During the third quarter of
2008, significant weakness developed in global financial markets, resulting in
decreases in the valuation of public companies and restricted availability of
capital. Further, it appeared that the
global economy was entering into a recession. During this period, the Company&#146;s
stock price fell to a value that was at a significant discount to the per share
value of the Company&#146;s book value. These
events were of sufficient magnitude for the Company to conclude that it was
appropriate to perform a goodwill impairment review as of September 30,
2008. 

 With the speed of events, there
was not yet a body of forecast information from which to assess the likely
intensity or duration of the recession or quantify the likely impact on the
industries the Company serves. The
Company therefore used its own best estimates of the effects of the
macroeconomic changes on the industries its serves to develop an updated view
of its projections. Those updated
projections were used to compute updated estimated fair values of its reporting
units. Based on these estimated fair
values used to test goodwill for impairment in accordance with FASB Statement No. 142,
the Company concluded that no impairment existed in any of its reporting units
at September 30, 2008. 

 The Company saw order volumes
decline sharply in November and December of 2008 as its customers
experienced, or anticipated, reductions in demand from the industries they
serve. These order reductions primarily related to the Company&#146;s Polymer
Additives and Performance Specialties business segments in electronic,
polyolefin, building and construction and general industrial applications. 

 The Company also adjusted its
plant production rates to align with customer demand and its inventory
reduction goals. As a result, a significant number of the Company&#146;s facilities
were idled during various times in the latter part of the fourth quarter of
2008. 

 The changes in financial
performance during the fourth quarter 2008 and the outlook in 2009, coupled
with continuing adverse equity market conditions that caused a decrease in
current market multiples and the Company&#146;s stock price, were of sufficient
magnitude for the Company to conclude that it was appropriate to perform a
goodwill impairment review during the fourth quarter of 2008. These updated projections, which estimate the
effects and timing of the macroeconomic changes on the industries the Company
serves, were used to compute updated estimated fair values of its reporting
units. Based on the estimated fair
values, the Polymer Additives and Consumer Products segments indicated an
inability to sustain the level of goodwill associated with each segment and as
a result, goodwill impairment charges of $445 million and $220 million were
recorded in the Polymer Additives and Consumer Products reporting units,
respectively, in the fourth quarter of 2008. 

 The Company continually
monitors and evaluates business and competitive conditions that affect its
operations and reflects the impact of these factors in its financial
projections. The Company also monitors its stock price over time as an
indicator of changes in the fair value of its business. If permanent or sustained changes in
business, competitive conditions or stock price occur, they can lead to revised
projections that could potentially give rise to impairment charges. 

 The recognition of goodwill
impairment charges does not have a direct impact on the Company&#146;s liquidity and
capital resources because impairment charges are non-cash losses that do not
impact the leverage or interest coverage ratios under the Company&#146;s Credit
Facility. 

 52 

 Table of Contents 

 Environmental
Matters 

 The
Company is involved in claims, litigation, administrative proceedings and
investigations of various types in a number of jurisdictions. A number of such matters involve claims for a
material amount of damages and relate to or allege environmental liabilities,
including clean-up costs associated with hazardous waste disposal sites,
natural resource damages, property damage and personal injury. The Company and some of its subsidiaries have
been identified by federal, state or local governmental agencies, and by other
potentially responsible parties (each a &#147;PRP&#148;) under the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, or
comparable state statutes, as a PRP with respect to costs associated with waste
disposal sites at various locations in the United States. In addition, the Company is involved with
environmental remediation and compliance activities at some of its current and
former sites in the United States and abroad. 

 Each quarter, the Company
evaluates and reviews estimates for future remediation, and operation and
management costs directly related to remediation, to determine appropriate
environmental reserve amounts. For each site where the cost of remediation is
probable and estimable, a determination is made of the specific measures that
are believed to be required to remediate the site, the estimated total cost to
carry out the remediation plan, the portion of the total remediation costs to
be borne by the Company and the anticipated time frame over which payments
toward the remediation plan will occur. At sites where the Company expects to
incur ongoing operation and maintenance expenditures, the Company accrues on an
undiscounted basis for a period, which is generally 10 years, where it believes
that such costs are estimable. As of December 31,
2008, the Company&#146;s reserves for environmental remediation activities totaled
$107 million. The Company estimates the
environmental liability could range up to $146 million at December 31,
2008. The Company&#146;s reserves include
estimates for determinable clean-up costs. 
At a number of these sites, the extent of contamination has not yet been
fully investigated or the final scope of remediation is not yet determinable. 

 In addition, it is possible
that the Company&#146;s estimates for environmental remediation liabilities may
change in the future should additional sites be identified, further remediation
measures be required or undertaken, current laws and regulations be modified or
additional environmental laws and regulations be enacted. 

 The Company intends to assert
all meritorious legal defenses and will pursue other equitable factors that are
available with respect to these matters. 
The resolution of the environmental matters now pending or hereafter asserted
against the Company or any of its subsidiaries could require the Company to pay
remedial costs or damages, which are not currently determinable, could exceed
the Company&#146;s present estimates, and as a result could have, either
individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on its financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefits Expense 

 The Company&#146;s calculation of
pension and other post-retirement benefits expense is dependent on a number of
assumptions. These assumptions include discount rates, health care cost trend
rates, expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, mortality rates,
expected salary and wage increases, and other factors. Components of
pension and other post-retirement benefits expense include interest and service
cost on the pension and other post-retirement benefit plans, expected return on
plan assets and amortization of certain unrecognized costs and
obligations. Actual results that differ from the assumptions utilized are
accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore, generally affect
recognized expense and the recorded obligation in future periods. While
the Company believes that the assumptions used are appropriate, differences in
actual experience or significant changes in assumptions would affect its
pension and other post-retirement benefits costs and obligations. 

 Prior to 2008, the Company
measured all plan assets and liabilities as of November 30, as permitted
under SFAS 87. In accordance with SFAS 158, 
Employers&#146; Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and other Postretirement
Plans &#150; an amendment of FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106,
132(R), from 2008, the Company&#146;s assumptions used to measure the annual pension
and postretirement benefit expense are determined as of the balance sheet date
and all plan assets and liabilities be reported as of that date. 
Accordingly, as of the beginning of the 2008 fiscal year, the Company changed
the measurement date for the annual pension and postretirement benefit expense
and all plan assets and liabilities from November 30 to the year-end
balance sheet date. As a result of this change in measurement date, the
Company recorded an after tax increase of $1 million to the opening accumulated
deficit. 

 53 

 Table of Contents 

 Pension Plans 

 Pension liabilities are
measured on a discounted basis and the assumed discount rate is a significant
assumption. At each measurement date, the discount rate is based on interest
rates for high-quality, long-term corporate debt securities with maturities
comparable to our liabilities. At December 31, 2008, the Company utilized
a weighted average discount rate of 6.00% for domestic pension plans, which was
the same as that used at November 30, 2007. For the
international and non-qualified plans, a weighted average discount rate of
5.82% was used at December 31, 2008, compared to 5.54% used at November 30,
2007. As a sensitivity measure, a 25 basis point reduction in the discount rate
for all plans would result in approximately a $2 million decrease in pre-tax
earnings for 2009. 

 The domestic discount rate
adopted at December 31, 2008 utilizes an interest rate yield curve to
determine the discount rate pursuant to Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) Topic
No. D-36, &#147;Selection of Discount Rates Used for Measuring Defined Benefit
Pension Obligations and Obligations of Post Retirement Benefit Plans Other Than
Pensions.&#148; The yield curve is comprised of AAA/AA bonds with maturities
between zero and thirty years. The Company discounts the annual cash
flows of its domestic pension plans using this yield curve and develops a
single-point discount rate matching the plan&#146;s payout structure. The Company
has examined the suitability of the methodology adopted in view of widening of
the spread of bond yields at varying maturities in 2008, and has decided that
the current approach of examining the yield curve and excluding the highest and
lowest 10% of the distribution at each maturity is sufficient to ensure that
the resulting discount rate is not unduly influenced by current market
conditions. 

 A similar approach is used to
determine the appropriate discount rates for the international plans. The
actual method used varies from country to country depending on the amount of
available information on bond yields to be able to estimate a single-point
discount rate to match the plans&#146; benefit disbursements. 

 The Company&#146;s weighted average
estimated rate of compensation increase was 3.84% for all domestic and
international pension plans combined at December 31, 2008. As a
sensitivity measure, an increase of 25 basis points in the estimated rate of
compensation increase would decrease pre-tax earnings for 2009 by an immaterial
amount. 

 The expected return on pension
plan assets is based on our investment strategy, historical experience, and
expectations for long-term rates of return. The Company determines the expected
rate of return on plan assets for the domestic and international pension plans
by applying the expected returns on various asset classes to the Company&#146;s
target asset allocation. 

 The Company utilized a weighted
average expected long-term rate of return of 7.75% on all domestic plan assets
and a weighted average rate of 7.50% for the international plan assets at December 31,
2008. Even though global investment performance in 2008 was poor, this
assumption is a long-term assessment of future expectations, which should not
be unduly influenced by short-term performance. 
The expected long-term rate of return assumption has been revised as of December 31,
2008 to reflect current expectations of future capital market performance. 

 Historical returns are
evaluated based on an arithmetic average of annual returns derived from
recognized passive indices, such as the S&P 500, for the major asset
classes. The Company looked at the arithmetic averages of annual investment
returns from passive indices, assuming a portfolio of investments that follow
the current target asset allocation for the domestic plans over several
business cycles, to obtain an indication of the long-term historical market
performance. The arithmetic average
return over the past 20 years was 8.2%, and over the past 30 years it was
10.8%. Both of these values exceed the 7.75% domestic expected return on
assets. 

 The poor performance of global
equity markets in 2008 has had a significant effect on the invested assets of
the Company&#146;s plans. The actual annualized return on plan assets for the
domestic plans for the 12 months ending December 31, 2008 was
approximately (12%) (net of investment expenses), which was significantly less
than the expected return on asset assumption for the year, resulting in a loss
for the plans. Similarly, the international plans earned a weighted average
return of approximately (16%) (in local currency terms, before allowing for the
significant appreciation of the U.S. dollar against major currencies in 2008, a
reversal of the situation in 2007) and approximately (37%) in U.S. dollar
terms. 

 54 

 Table of Contents 

 The Company&#146;s revised target
asset allocation for the domestic pension plans is based on investing 50% of
plan assets in equity instruments, 45% of plan assets in fixed income
investments and 5% in real estate. At December 31, 2008, 39.8% of
the portfolio was invested in equities, 53.5% in fixed income investments and
the remainder in real estate and other investments. The target allocation was reviewed and changed
during 2008, with a view to managing the level and volatility of investment
returns. 

 The Company has unrecognized
actuarial losses relating to its pension plans which have been included in its
consolidated balance sheet but not in the consolidated statements of
operations. The extent to which these unrecognized actuarial losses will impact
future pre-tax earnings depends on whether the unrecognized actuarial losses
are deferred through the asset-smoothing mechanism (the market related value as
defined by FASB Statement No. 87, &#147;Employers&#146; Accounting for Pensions&#148; (&#147;FAS
87&#148;)), or though amortization in pre-tax earnings to the extent that they
exceed a 10% amortization corridor, as defined by FAS 87, which provides
for amortization over the average remaining participant career. The
amortization of unrecognized net losses existing as of December 31, 2008
will result in a $10 million decrease to pre-tax earnings for 2009 ($10 million
for the qualified domestic plans and an immaterial amount for the
international and non-qualified plans). Since future gains and losses beyond
2008 are a result of various factors described herein, it is not possible to
predict with certainty to what extent the combination of current and future
losses may exceed the 10 percent amortization corridor and thereby be subject
to further amortization. At the end of
2008 unrecognized net losses amounted to $288 million for the qualified
domestic plans and $53 million for the international and non-qualified
plans. Of these unrecognized losses,
$120 million for the domestic plans and $38 million for the international plans
are deferred through the asset smoothing mechanism as required by FAS 87. 

 Pension (income) expense is calculated
based upon certain assumptions including discount rate, expected long-term rate
of return on plan assets, mortality rates and expected salary and wage
increases. Actual results that differ from the current assumptions
utilized are accumulated and amortized over future periods and will affect
pension expense in future periods. The following table estimates the
future pension expense, based upon current assumptions: 

 Pension (Income) Expense By Period 

 (In millions) 

 2009 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 2013 

 Qualified domestic pension plans 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 6 

 $ 

 8 

 $ 

 12 

 $ 

 16 

 International and non-qualified pension
 plans 

 8 

 8 

 8 

 9 

 9 

 Total pension plans 

 $ 

 10 

 $ 

 14 

 $ 

 16 

 $ 

 21 

 $ 

 25 

 The following tables show the
impact of a 100 basis point change in the actual return on assets on the
pension (income) expense. 

 Change in Pension (Income) Expense By Period 

 2009 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 2013 

 Increase (decrease) 

 100 Basis Point Increase in Investment Returns 

 Qualified domestic pension plans 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 (1 

 ) 

 $ 

 (1 

 ) 

 $ 

 (1 

 ) 

 International and non-qualified pension
 plans 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (1 

 ) 

 Total pension plans 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 (1 

 ) 

 $ 

 (1 

 ) 

 $ 

 (2 

 ) 

 Increase (decrease) 

 100 Basis Point Decrease in Investment Returns 

 Qualified domestic pension plans 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 1 

 International and non-qualified pension
 plans 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1 

 Total pension plans 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 2 

 Other Post-Retirement Benefits 

 The Company provides
post-retirement health and life insurance benefits for current retired and
active employees and their beneficiaries and covered dependents for certain
domestic and international employee groups. 

 55 

 Table of Contents 

 The discount rates adopted by
the Company for the valuation of the post-retirement health care plans were
determined using the same methodology as for the pension plans. An analysis of
the duration of the liabilities and future cash flows showed that it was
appropriate to use the same discount rates for the domestic post-retirement
health care plans as were used for the domestic pension plans at December 31,
2008, namely 6.00%. Based on the
duration of the liabilities for the international plans, a weighted average
rate of 6.07% was used. As a sensitivity
measure, a 25 basis point reduction in the discount rate would result in an
immaterial decrease in pre-tax earnings for 2009. 

 Assumed health care cost trend
rates are based on past and current health care cost trends, considering such
factors as health care inflation, changes in health care utilization or
delivery patterns, technological advances, and the overall health of plan
participants. The Company uses health care trend cost rates starting with
an initial level of 7.50% for the domestic arrangements and grading down to an
ultimate level of 5.00%. For the international arrangements, the weighted
average initial rate is 8.84%, grading down to 5.05%. 

 The pre-tax post-retirement
healthcare expense was $9 million in 2008. The following table summarizes
projected post-retirement benefit expense based upon the various assumptions
discussed above. 

 (In millions) 

 Pre-Tax Expense by Period 

 2009 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 2013 

 Domestic and international post-retirement
 benefit plans 

 $ 

 8 

 $ 

 8 

 $ 

 8 

 $ 

 8 

 $ 

 7 

 Income Taxes 

 Income taxes payable reflects
the Company&#146;s current tax provision and management&#146;s best estimate of the tax
liability relating to the outcome of uncertain tax positions. If the actual
outcome of uncertain tax positions differs from the Company&#146;s best estimates,
an adjustment to income taxes payable could be required, which may result in
additional income tax expense or benefit. 

 The Company records deferred
tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the book and tax basis
of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to
taxable income in the periods in which the deferred tax liability or asset is
expected to be settled or realized. The Company also records deferred tax
assets for the expected future tax benefits of net operating losses and income
tax credit carryforwards. 

 Valuation allowances are
established when the Company determines that it is more likely than not that
the results of future operations may not generate sufficient taxable income to
realize its deferred tax assets during the carryforward period. The Company considers the scheduled reversal
of deferred tax assets and liabilities, projected future taxable income, and
tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Thus, changes in future results of operations
could result in adjustments to the Company&#146;s valuation allowances. 

 Tax
expense for 2008 includes a charge of $9 million relating to earnings of
certain foreign subsidiaries where the Company has recorded a deferred income
tax liability associated with the intent to repatriate those earnings in a
subsequent period. The
Company also has earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries where the Company
considers these earnings to be indefinitely reinvested in their
operations. As such, no U.S. tax cost
has been provided on approximately $265 million of earnings at December 31,
2008. If the Company changes its intent
related to these earnings additional tax would be required. 

 The Company adopted the
provisions of FASB Interpretation No. 48, &#147;Accounting for Uncertainty in
Income Taxes,&#148; or FIN 48, on January 1, 2007. FIN 48 prescribes a
recognition threshold and measurement attributes for the financial statement
recognition and measurement of tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, in
tax returns. Under FIN No. 48, the
economic benefit associated with a tax position will only be recognized if it
is more likely than not that a tax position ultimately will be sustained. After this threshold is met, a tax position
is reported at the largest amount of benefit that is more likely than not to be
ultimately sustained. FIN 48 also
provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties,
accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. 

 56 

 Table of Contents 

 As a result of the
implementation of FIN 48, the Company recognized a $2 million decrease in the
liability for unrecognized tax benefits. The liability for unrecognized tax
benefits at adoption was $56 million. 
Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at January 1,
2007 was $44 million of tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the
effective tax rate. Also included in the
balance of unrecognized tax benefits at January 1, 2007 was $16 million of
tax benefits that, if recognized, would result in a decrease to goodwill
recorded in purchase business combinations. 
Effective January 1, 2009, all future adjustments to unrecognized
tax benefits related to these prior business combinations will be recorded in
the statement of operations in accordance with FASB Statement No. 141
(revised 2007), &#147;Business Combinations.&#148; 

 The Company has a liability for
unrecognized tax benefits of $85 million and $66 million at December 31,
2008 and 2007, respectively. 

 Contingencies 

 On an ongoing basis, the
Company assesses potential liabilities related to any lawsuits or claims
brought against it, including antitrust related matters. The Company accrues for such liabilities when
it determines that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and a reasonable
estimate of the loss can be made. 
Determining the outcome of claims and litigation and estimating related
costs and expense involves substantial uncertainties that could cause actual
costs to vary materially from estimates. 
In making the determination of likely outcomes of litigation matters,
management considers many factors. These
factors include, but are not limited to, the nature of specific claims
including unasserted claims, the Company&#146;s experience with similar types of
claims, the jurisdiction in which the matter is filed, the existence of other
defendants, input from outside legal counsel and the current status of the
matter. The Company also assesses the
likelihood of recovery from insurance, and, in those cases in which realization
of an insurance recovery is deemed probable; the Company records a
corresponding asset. The Company intends
to assert all meritorious legal defenses and will pursue all other equitable
factors that are available to it with respect to such matters; however, the
resolution of these matters could have a material adverse effect on its
consolidated results of operations and cash flows. For further information see Note 19 &#151; Legal
Matters in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and Item 3 &#147;Legal
Proceedings&#148; under Part I of this document. 

 ACCOUNTING
DEVELOPMENTS 

 Implemented in
2008 

 In February 2007, the FASB
issued Statement No. 159, &#147;The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and
Financial Liabilities&#148; (&#147;FAS 159&#148;), which provides companies with an option to
report selected financial assets and liabilities at fair value in an attempt to
reduce both the complexity in accounting for financial instruments and the
volatility in earnings caused by measuring related assets and liabilities
differently. The provisions of FAS 159 are effective as of the beginning of the
Company&#146;s 2008 fiscal year. The Company
elected to not fair value existing eligible items, beginning January 1,
2008. 

 In September 2006, the
FASB issued Statement No. 157, &#147;Fair Value Measurements&#148; (&#147;FAS 157&#148;),
which establishes a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and
expands disclosures about fair value measurements. The provisions of FAS 157,
specifically for financial assets and liabilities, are effective as of the
beginning of the Company&#146;s 2008 fiscal year. 
The Company values financial instruments using Level 2, observable
inputs. The Company carries derivative
instruments at fair value. 

 Future
Implementations 

 In February 2008, the FASB issued FSP
FAS 157-2, which delays the effective date of FAS 157 for all nonfinancial
assets and liabilities that are not recognized or disclosed at fair value
in the financial statements on a recurring basis (at least annually) until
fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2008. The Company is
currently evaluating the potential impact that the application of FAS 157 to
its nonfinancial assets and liabilities will have on its consolidated results
of operations. 

 In December 2007, the FASB issued
Statement No. 160, &#147;Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial
Statements &#150; an amendment of ARB No. 51&#148; (&#147;FAS 160&#148;), which will require
companies to treat noncontrolling interests (commonly referred to as minority
interest) as a separate component of shareholders&#146; equity and not as a
liability. The provisions of FAS 160 are
effective as of the beginning of the Company&#146;s 2009 fiscal year. The Company is assessing the impact of
adopting FAS 160 on its consolidated financial position and results of
operations. 

 57 

 Table of Contents 

 In December 2007, the FASB issued
Statement No. 141 (revised 2007), &#147;Business Combinations&#148; (&#147;FAS 141(R)&#148;),
which requires, among other items, that identifiable assets, liabilities,
noncontrolling interests and goodwill acquired in a business combination be
recorded at full fair value. The
provisions of FAS 141(R) are effective as of the beginning of the Company&#146;s
2009 fiscal year. The Company is assessing the impact of adopting FAS 141(R) on
its consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

 In March 2008, the FASB issued Statement
No. 161, &#147;Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities,
an amendment of FASB Statement No. 133&#148; (&#147;FAS 161&#148;), which will require
companies with derivative instruments to disclose information about how and why
a company uses derivative instruments, how derivative instruments and related
hedged items are accounted for under FAS 133, and how derivative instruments
and related hedged items affect a company&#146;s financial position, financial
performance, and cash flows. The
provisions of FAS 161 are effective as of the beginning of the Company&#146;s 2009
fiscal year. The Company is assessing
the impact of adopting FAS 161 on its consolidated financial position and
results of operations. 

 OUTLOOK 

 The Company faces some critical
challenges in 2009: 

 &#183; Refinancing or funding the maturity
of its $370 million aggregate principal amount of 2009 Notes by July 15,
2009. The Company continues its efforts
to complete the sale(s) of business assets to fund this maturity. There can be no assurance that the Company
will be able to consummate this sale in a timely or commercially reasonable
basis, if at all. 

 &#183; Managing the impact of the recession
on its businesses segments. The
significant change in customer demand in November and December 2008,
particularly for the Company&#146;s Polymer Additives segment, will likely continue
for several quarters and result in lower revenues in 2009. The 2008 fourth quarter reductions in net
sales were driven by customers experiencing, or anticipating, reductions in
demand from their customers and by initiatives throughout each industries supply
chain to reduce inventories. There is
limited visibility as to at what level demand will stabilize in the more
cyclical prone industries the Company serves and as to when those industry
sectors might start to evidence a recovery. 

 &#183; Controlling cash flows. With depressed demand for certain product
lines, weak financial performance and constrained liquidity, management of the
Company&#146;s cash sources and uses will be critical. The Company continues to target reductions in
working capital through tight inventory management and attention to the collection
of accounts receivable. All
discretionary cash expenditures including capital expenditures are being
tightly controlled. Nevertheless, the
Company will likely continue to incur operating losses in the first quarter of
2009 and its liquidity remains constrained such that it may not be sufficient
to meet its cash operating needs in this period of economic uncertainty and
therefore continue as a going concern. If
the Company is unable to obtain or sustain the liquidity required to operate
its business, or redeem or refinance its 2009 Notes upon maturity, it may need
to seek to modify the terms of its debts through court reorganization
proceedings to allow it, among other things, to reorganize its capital
structure. 

 &#183; Continuing volatility in raw material
and energy costs. After the rapid
inflation of input costs during the first three quarters of 2008, oil and
commodity prices have since fallen. The
Company has not yet seen a material benefit from these reductions due to lower
customer demand. As demand does start to
recover, lower input costs and surplus industry capacity will likely put
pressure on selling prices. Managing the
evolution of selling prices in alignment with changes in input cost will be
critical to sustaining or improving gross profit margins. Once demand fully recovers, the shortages of
oil and commodities may re-emerge and input costs will begin to increase again. 

 Against this background, the
Company&#146;s focus in 2009 will remain on improving its core businesses,
rationalizing its manufacturing footprint and &#147;right-sizing&#148; its cost
structure, while developing products and applications that generate profitable
organic revenue growth. This may include
restructuring the Company following the sale of a business to fund its 2009
Notes maturity. The Company continues to
work to improve the productivity of its manufacturing plants and the efficiency
of its business processes. These actions
remain focused on improving the operating profitability of its businesses and
increasing net cash provided by operations. 

 58 

 Table of Contents 

 For the longer term, the
Company&#146;s businesses continue to benefit from a number of secular trends that
may provide continued future growth opportunities including: 

 &#183; Consumer demand for improved flame
retardancy &#147;Greener is Better&#148; program in household goods supported by
increasing regulation in many countries worldwide benefits the Company&#146;s broad
range of flame retardant products within the Company&#146;s Polymer Additives
business segment; 

 &#183; The increasing requirements for
cleaner emissions from motor vehicles, greater service life for engines and the
reduction in &#147;greenhouse gas&#148; emissions benefits the Company&#146;s additive and
lubricant product lines within its Performance Specialties business segment; 

 &#183; The demand for higher yields from
specialty high value agricultural crops worldwide benefits the Company&#146;s Crop
Protection business segment; and 

 &#183; Consumer demand for increasingly more
effective pool and spa sanitation benefits the Company&#146;s Consumer Products
business segment. 

 Based upon the actions the
Company anticipates it will take in 2009, it provides the following
observations: 

 &#183; The Company&#146;s focus remains on
improving the performance of its Polymer Additives business and obtaining
growth in revenues and profitability from its Performance Specialties, Consumer
Products and Crop Protection businesses. 

 &#183; Expenses remaining to be recognized
in 2009 related to the Company&#146;s previously announced restructuring programs
are estimated to be approximately $7 million and cash expenditures related to
these programs is estimated to be approximately $35 million. 

 &#183; The Company expects that the benefits
of its actions to reduce cash fixed costs should generate savings in the order
of $30 million to $40 million in 2009 compared with 2008 and over $50 million
on an annualized basis. These savings
will be reflected in SG&A and R&D, as well in cost of goods sold. 

 &#183; Depreciation and amortization of
approximately $186 million, which includes approximately $2 million of
accelerated depreciation due to restructuring actions. 

 &#183; Capital spending is anticipated to be
constrained to approximately $60 million until the Company&#146;s financial position
improves. 

 The Company continues to evaluate its
manufacturing footprint and business processes seeking further opportunities to
reduce cost and increase its operating effectiveness. These activities may result in the
announcement and implementation of further improvement actions in 2009, however
the Company will defer footprint reduction actions that will require
significant cash expenditures prior to the delivery of savings until such time
as the Company&#146;s financial position improves. 

 FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

 This document includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27(a) of the Securities Act
of 1933 and Section 21(e) of the Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements are
identified by terms and phrases such as &#147;anticipate,&#148; &#147;believe,&#148; &#147;intend,&#148; &#147;estimate,&#148;
&#147;expect,&#148; &#147;continue,&#148; &#147;should,&#148; &#147;could,&#148; &#147;may,&#148; &#147;plan,&#148; &#147;project,&#148; &#147;predict,&#148; &#147;will&#148;
and similar expressions and include references to assumptions and relate to our
future prospects, developments and business strategies. 

 Factors that could cause our
actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such
forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 

 &#183; The ability to refinance or redeem on
or before maturity our $370 million 7% notes due on July 15, 2009; 

 &#183; The ability to be compliant with our
debt covenants or obtain necessary waivers and amendments; 

 &#183; The ability to complete asset(s) sales; 

 &#183; The ability to reduce our
indebtedness levels; 

 &#183; The ability to continue to be listed
on the New York Stock Exchange; 

 59 

 Table of Contents 

 &#183; General economic conditions; 

 &#183; Significant international operations
and interests; 

 &#183; The ability to obtain increases in
selling prices to offset increases in raw material and energy costs; 

 &#183; The ability to retain sales volumes
in the event of increasing selling prices; 

 &#183; The ability to absorb fixed cost
overhead in the event of lower volumes; 

 &#183; Pension and other post-retirement
benefit plan assumptions; 

 &#183; The ability to successfully complete
our restructuring programs and the turnaround of our Polymer Additives segment; 

 &#183; The ability to obtain growth from
demand for petroleum additive, lubricant and agricultural product applications; 

 &#183; The ability to sustain profitability
in our Crop Protection business due to new generic competition and the failure
to secure new products and technology. 
Additionally, the Crop Protection business is dependent on disease and
pest conditions, as well as local, regional, regulatory and economic
conditions; 

 &#183; The ability to sell methyl bromide
due to regulatory restrictions; 

 &#183; Changes in weather conditions which
could adversely affect the seasonal selling cycles in both our Consumer
Products and Crop Protection segments; 

 &#183; Changes in the availability and/or
quality of our energy and raw materials; 

 &#183; The ability to collect our
outstanding receivables; 

 &#183; Changes in interest rates and foreign
currency exchange rates; 

 &#183; Changes in technology, market demand
and customer requirements; 

 &#183; The enactment of more stringent
domestic and international environmental laws and regulations; 

 &#183; The ability to realize expected cost
savings under our restructuring plans, Six Sigma and Lean manufacturing
initiatives; 

 &#183; The ability to recover our deferred
tax assets; 

 &#183; The ability to successfully complete
the Company&#146;s new SAP platform initiative; 

 &#183; The ability to support the goodwill
related to our business segments; and 

 &#183; Other risks and uncertainties
detailed in Item 1A. Risk Factors or in our filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. 

 These
statements are based on the Company&#146;s estimates and assumptions and on
currently available information. The
forward-looking statements include information concerning the Company&#146;s
possible or assumed future results of operations, and the Company&#146;s actual
results may differ significantly from the results discussed. Forward-looking information is intended to
reflect opinions as of the date this report was filed and such information will
not necessarily be updated by the Company. 

 60 

 Table of Contents 

 ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 The
Company&#146;s activities expose its earnings, cash flows and financial position to
a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency
exchange rates, interest rates and energy prices. The Company maintains a risk-management
strategy that uses derivative instruments as needed to mitigate risk against
foreign currency movements and to manage interest rate and energy price
volatility. The Company does not enter
into derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 

 The Company has short-term exposure
to changes in foreign currency exchange rates resulting from transactions
entered into by the Company and its foreign subsidiaries in currencies other
than their local currency (primarily trade payables and receivables). The Company is also exposed to currency risk
on inter-company transactions (including inter-company loans). The Company manages these transactional currency
risks on a consolidated basis, which allows it to net its exposure. The Company purchases foreign currency
forward contracts, primarily denominated in Euros, British Pounds Sterling,
Canadian dollars, Mexican Pesos and Australian dollars to hedge its transaction
exposure. These contracts are generally
settled on a monthly basis. Realized and
unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency forward contracts are
recognized in other income (expense), net, to offset the impact of valuing
recorded foreign currency trade payables, receivables and inter-company
transactions. The Company has not
designated these derivatives as hedges in accordance with Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles although it believes these instruments help reduce the
Company&#146;s exposure to foreign currency risk. The net effect of the realized and
unrealized foreign currency gains and losses, including the derivatives and the
underlying transactions, resulted in a pre-tax gain of $25 million, a pre-tax
gain of $11 million and a pre-tax loss of $9 million in 2008, 2007 and 2006,
respectively. 

 The
following table provides information about the Company&#146;s financial instruments
that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. The table presents principal cash flows and
related weighted-average interest rates by stated maturity date for the Company&#146;s
debt. Despite the stated maturity date, obligations
under the Credit Facility, the 2016 Notes and the 2026 Debentures have been
classified as current liabilities as described under Item 7 &#150; Liquidity. Weighted-average
variable interest rates are based on the applicable floating rate index as of December 31,
2008. 

 Interest
Rate Sensitivity 

 2014 and 

 Fair Value 

 (In millions) 

 2009 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 2013 

 Thereafter 

 Total 

 at 12/31/08 

 Total debt: 

 Fixed rate debt 

 $ 

 370 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 650 

 $ 

 1,020 

 $ 

 646 

 Average rate debt 

 6.92 

 % 

 6.88 

 % 

 6.88 

 % 

 6.88 

 % 

 6.88 

 % 

 6.88 

 % 

 Variable rate debt 

 $ 

 4 

 $ 

 181 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 18 

 $ 

 204 

 $ 

 204 

 Average rate debt (a) 

 5.00 

 % 

 4.95 

 % 

 2.03 

 % 

 1.96 

 % 

 1.91 

 % 

 1.80 

 % 

 (a) Average interest rate is based on rates in effect at December 31,
2008. 

 The Company used price swap contracts as cash
flow hedges to convert a portion of its forecasted natural gas purchases from
variable price to fixed price purchases. 
These contracts involve the exchange of payments over the life of the
contracts without an exchange of the notional amount upon which the payments
are based. The differential paid or
received as natural gas prices change is recognized as an adjustment to cost of
goods sold when the related inventory layer is sold. The fair value of the contracts at December 31,
2008 resulted in an unrealized loss of $2 million, which was recorded as a
component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. A hypothetical ten percent increase in the
cost of natural gas at December 31, 2008 would result in an increase in
the fair market value of the outstanding derivatives by $1 million to an
unrealized loss of $1 million; conversely, a hypothetical ten percent decrease
in the cost of natural gas would result in a decrease in the fair market value
of the outstanding derivatives by $1 million to an unrealized loss of $2
million. 

 In the fourth quarter of 2007, the Company
ceased the purchase of additional price swap contracts as cash flow hedges of
forecasted natural gas purchases and established fixed price contracts with
physical delivery with its natural gas vendor. 
The existing price swap contracts mature through 2009. 

 61 

 Table of Contents 

 The Company has accounts receivable
facilities to sell accounts receivable to certain lenders and purchasers. The fees charged for the programs are
sensitive to changes in interest rates. 
At December 31, 2008, $36 million of U.S. accounts receivable have
been sold at an average cost of approximately 3.52% and $67 million of European
accounts receivable have been sold at an average cost of approximately
6.16%. At December 31, 2007, $119
million of U.S. accounts receivable have been sold at an average cost of
approximately 5.77% and $120 million of European accounts receivable have been
sold at an average cost of approximately 7.46% (for further information see
Note 5 &#150; Sale of Accounts Receivables included in the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements). 

 62 

 Table of Contents 

 ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Years ended December 31, 2008,
2007, and 2006 

 (In millions, except per share data) 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 NET SALES 

 $ 

 3,546 

 $ 

 3,747 

 $ 

 3,458 

 COSTS AND EXPENSES 

 Cost of goods sold 

 2,810 

 2,883 

 2,627 

 Selling, general and administrative 

 332 

 372 

 362 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 237 

 269 

 204 

 Research and development 

 51 

 62 

 61 

 Facility closures, severance and related
 costs 

 26 

 36 

 5 

 Antitrust costs 

 12 

 35 

 90 

 Merger costs 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 17 

 Loss on sale of business 

 25 

 15 

 11 

 Impairment of long-lived assets 

 986 

 19 

 80 

 Equity income 

 (4 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 OPERATING (LOSS) PROFIT 

 (929 

 ) 

 59 

 5 

 Interest expense 

 (78 

 ) 

 (87 

 ) 

 (102 

 ) 

 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (44 

 ) 

 Other income (expense), net 

 7 

 (13 

 ) 

 (6 

 ) 

 Loss from continuing operations before income
 taxes 

 (1,000 

 ) 

 (41 

 ) 

 (147 

 ) 

 Income tax benefit (provision) 

 27 

 (4 

 ) 

 (126 

 ) 

 Loss from continuing operations 

 (973 

 ) 

 (45 

 ) 

 (273 

 ) 

 Earnings from discontinued operations 

 &#151; 

 18 

 20 

 Gain on sale of discontinued operations 

 &#151; 

 24 

 47 

 Net Loss 

 $ 

 (973 

 ) 

 $ 

 (3 

 ) 

 $ 

 (206 

 ) 

 BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS (LOSS) PER
 COMMON SHARE 

 Loss from continuing operations 

 $ 

 (4.01 

 ) 

 $ 

 (0.18 

 ) 

 $ 

 (1.13 

 ) 

 Earnings from discontinued operations 

 &#151; 

 0.07 

 0.08 

 Gain on sale of discontinued operations 

 &#151; 

 0.10 

 0.20 

 Net Loss 

 $ 

 (4.01 

 ) 

 $ 

 (0.01 

 ) 

 $ 

 (0.85 

 ) 

 Basic and diluted weighted-average shares
 outstanding 

 242.3 

 241.6 

 240.5 

 See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 63 

 Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 Years ended December 31, 2008
and 2007 

 (In millions, except per share data) 

 2008 

 2007 

 ASSETS 

 CURRENT ASSETS 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 $ 

 68 

 $ 

 77 

 Accounts receivable 

 392 

 389 

 Inventories 

 611 

 676 

 Other current assets 

 184 

 239 

 Total current assets 

 1,255 

 1,381 

 NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

 Property, plant and equipment 

 862 

 1,032 

 Goodwill 

 265 

 1,309 

 Intangible assets, net 

 517 

 585 

 Other assets 

 165 

 109 

 $ 

 3,064 

 $ 

 4,416 

 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&#146; EQUITY 

 CURRENT LIABILITIES 

 Short-term borrowings 

 $ 

 3 

 $ 

 5 

 Current portion of long-term debt 

 1,178 

 &#151; 

 Accounts payable 

 243 

 285 

 Accrued expenses 

 361 

 353 

 Income taxes payable 

 28 

 38 

 Total current liabilities 

 1,813 

 681 

 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

 Long-term debt 

 23 

 1,058 

 Pension and post-retirement health care
 liabilities 

 508 

 361 

 Other liabilities 

 245 

 463 

 STOCKHOLDERS&#146; EQUITY 

 Common stock - $.01 par value Authorized -
 500.0 shares Issued - 254.1 shares in 2008 and 253.6 shares in 2007 

 3 

 3 

 Additional paid-in capital 

 3,036 

 3,028 

 Accumulated deficit 

 (2,189 

 ) 

 (1,179 

 ) 

 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss)
 income 

 (208 

 ) 

 168 

 Treasury stock at cost - 11.5 shares 

 (167 

 ) 

 (167 

 ) 

 Total stockholders&#146; equity 

 475 

 1,853 

 $ 

 3,064 

 $ 

 4,416 

 See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 64 

 Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Years ended December 31, 2008,
2007 and 2006 

 (In millions) 

 Increase (decrease) in cash 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

 Net loss 

 $ 

 (973 

 ) 

 $ 

 (3 

 ) 

 $ 

 (206 

 ) 

 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
 (used in) provided by operations: 

 Loss on sale of business 

 25 

 15 

 11 

 Gain on sale of discontinued operations 

 &#151; 

 (24 

 ) 

 (47 

 ) 

 Gain on sale of equity interest in venture 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (6 

 ) 

 Impairment of long-lived assets 

 986 

 19 

 80 

 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 44 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 237 

 275 

 214 

 Stock-based compensation expense 

 5 

 10 

 14 

 Provision for doubtful accounts 

 3 

 4 

 20 

 Equity (income) loss, net of cash
 distributions 

 (4 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 3 

 Deferred taxes 

 (74 

 ) 

 (24 

 ) 

 97 

 Changes in assets and liabilities, net: 

 Accounts receivable 

 89 

 22 

 23 

 Impact from sales of accounts receivable 

 (136 

 ) 

 (41 

 ) 

 194 

 Inventories 

 (12 

 ) 

 10 

 18 

 Other current assets 

 (41 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 6 

 Other assets 

 2 

 21 

 42 

 Accounts payable 

 (25 

 ) 

 (20 

 ) 

 (33 

 ) 

 Accrued expenses 

 (61 

 ) 

 (113 

 ) 

 (56 

 ) 

 Income taxes payable 

 (11 

 ) 

 (11 

 ) 

 (53 

 ) 

 Deposit for civil antitrust settlements in
 escrow 

 15 

 36 

 (51 

 ) 

 Pension and post-retirement health care
 liabilities 

 (46 

 ) 

 (22 

 ) 

 (68 

 ) 

 Other liabilities 

 17 

 3 

 10 

 Other 

 (7 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 (5 

 ) 

 Net cash (used in) provided by operations 

 (11 

 ) 

 149 

 251 

 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

 Net proceeds from sale of businesses 

 64 

 186 

 196 

 Payments for acquisitions, net of cash
 acquired 

 (41 

 ) 

 (165 

 ) 

 (9 

 ) 

 Capital expenditures 

 (121 

 ) 

 (117 

 ) 

 (128 

 ) 

 Other investing activities 

 &#151; 

 13 

 (8 

 ) 

 Net cash (used in) provided by investing
 activities 

 (98 

 ) 

 (83 

 ) 

 51 

 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

 Proceeds from (payments on) credit facility 

 180 

 &#151; 

 (414 

 ) 

 Payments on long-term notes 

 (31 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (324 

 ) 

 Proceeds from long-term notes 

 1 

 &#151; 

 497 

 Payments on short-term borrowings 

 (1 

 ) 

 (48 

 ) 

 (16 

 ) 

 Premium paid on early extinguishment of
 debt 

 (1 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (36 

 ) 

 Payments for debt issuance costs 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (6 

 ) 

 Dividends paid 

 (36 

 ) 

 (48 

 ) 

 (48 

 ) 

 Repayment of insurance policy loan 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (10 

 ) 

 Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

 1 

 7 

 3 

 Other financing activities 

 1 

 (1 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 Net cash provided by (used in) financing
 activities 

 114 

 (90 

 ) 

 (355 

 ) 

 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

 Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash
 equivalents 

 (14 

 ) 

 6 

 9 

 Change in cash and cash equivalents 

 (9 

 ) 

 (18 

 ) 

 (44 

 ) 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of
 year 

 77 

 95 

 139 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

 $ 

 68 

 $ 

 77 

 $ 

 95 

 See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 65 

 Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS&#146; EQUITY 

 Years
ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 

 (In millions, except per share data) 

 Accumulated 

 Common 

 Additional 

 Other 

 Shares 

 Treasury 

 Common 

 Paid-in 

 Accumulated 

 Comprehensive 

 Treasury 

 Issued 

 Shares 

 Stock 

 Capital 

 Deficit 

 Income (Loss) 

 Stock 

 Total 

 Balance,
 December 31, 2005 

 251.5 

 11.5 

 $ 

 3 

 $ 

 2,951 

 $ 

 (870 

 ) 

 $ 

 (141 

 ) 

 $ 

 (167 

 ) 

 1,776 

 Cumulative effect
 of adoption of SAB 108 

 (4 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 Balance,
 January 1, 2006 

 251.5 

 11.5 

 3 

 2,951 

 (874 

 ) 

 (141 

 ) 

 (167 

 ) 

 1,772 

 Comprehensive
 loss: 

 Net loss 

 (206 

 ) 

 (206 

 ) 

 Equity adjustment
 for translation of foreign currencies, net of deferred tax expense of $9 

 107 

 107 

 Minimum pension
 liability adjustment, net of deferred tax expense of $35 

 52 

 52 

 Changes in fair
 value of derivatives 

 (12 

 ) 

 (12 

 ) 

 Total
 comprehensive loss 

 (59 

 ) 

 Unrecognized
 pension and post-retirement plan costs, net of deferred tax benefit of $20 

 (40 

 ) 

 (40 

 ) 

 Cash dividends
 ($0.20 per share) 

 (48 

 ) 

 (48 

 ) 

 Stock-based
 compensation 

 12 

 12 

 Fair Value of
 stock options converted 
 (Great Lakes merger) 

 36 

 36 

 Stock options
 exercised 

 0.5 

 3 

 3 

 Other issuances 

 0.3 

 3 

 3 

 Balance,
 December 31, 2006 

 252.3 

 11.5 

 3 

 3,005 

 (1,128 

 ) 

 (34 

 ) 

 (167 

 ) 

 1,679 

 Comprehensive
 income: 

 Net loss 

 (3 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 Equity adjustment
 for translation of foreign currencies, net of deferred tax expense of $44 

 145 

 145 

 Unrecognized
 pension and post-retirement plan costs, net of deferred tax expense of $18 

 50 

 50 

 Changes in fair
 value of derivatives 

 7 

 7 

 Total
 comprehensive income 

 199 

 Cash dividends
 ($0.20 per share) 

 (48 

 ) 

 (48 

 ) 

 Stock-based
 compensation 

 10 

 10 

 Stock options
 exercised 

 0.9 

 8 

 8 

 Other issuances 

 0.4 

 5 

 5 

 Balance,
 December 31, 2007 

 253.6 

 11.5 

 3 

 3,028 

 (1,179 

 ) 

 168 

 (167 

 ) 

 1,853 

 Effect of change
 in measurement date for pension plans 

 (1 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 Balance,
 January 1, 2008 

 253.6 

 11.5 

 3 

 3,028 

 (1,180 

 ) 

 168 

 (167 

 ) 

 1,852 

 Comprehensive
 loss: 

 Net loss 

 (973 

 ) 

 (973 

 ) 

 Equity adjustment
 for translation of foreign currencies, net of deferred tax expense of $10 

 (189 

 ) 

 (189 

 ) 

 Unrecognized
 pension and post-retirement plan costs, net of deferred tax benefit of $19 

 (186 

 ) 

 (186 

 ) 

 Changes in fair
 value of derivatives 

 (1 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 Total
 comprehensive loss 

 (1,349 

 ) 

 Cash dividends
 ($0.15 per share) 

 (36 

 ) 

 (36 

 ) 

 Stock-based
 compensation 

 6 

 6 

 Stock options
 exercised 

 0.1 

 1 

 1 

 Other issuances 

 0.4 

 1 

 1 

 Balance,
 December 31, 2008 

 254.1 

 11.5 

 $ 

 3 

 $ 

 3,036 

 $ 

 (2,189 

 ) 

 $ 

 (208 

 ) 

 $ 

 (167 

 ) 

 $ 

 475 

 See
Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 66 

 Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 Description of Business 

 Chemtura Corporation is dedicated to
delivering innovative, market-focused specialty chemical solutions and consumer
products. Chemtura Corporation is
headquartered in Middlebury, Connecticut and operates in a wide variety of
end-use markets, including automotive, transportation, construction, packaging,
agriculture, lubricants, plastics for durable and non-durable goods,
electronics, and home pool and spa chemicals. 

 Chemtura Corporation is the
successor to Crompton & Knowles Corporation, which was incorporated in
Massachusetts in 1900 and engaged in the manufacture and sale of specialty
chemicals beginning in 1954. Chemtura
Corporation expanded its specialty chemical business through acquisitions in
the United States and Europe, including the 1996 acquisition of Uniroyal
Chemical Company, Inc. (&#147;Uniroyal&#148;), the 1999 merger with Witco Corporation
(&#147;Witco&#148;) and the 2005 merger with Great Lakes Chemical Corporation (&#147;Great
Lakes&#148;). 

 Basis of Presentation 

 The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Chemtura
Corporation and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries,
which are collectively referred to as &#147;the Company.&#148; Other affiliates in which the Company has a
20% to 50% ownership interest or a non-controlling majority interest are
accounted for in accordance with the equity method. Other investments in which
the Company has less than 20 percent ownership are recorded at cost. In addition, the Company evaluates its
relationships with other entities to identify whether they are variable
interest entities as defined by FASB Interpretation No. 46 (R) Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities (&#147;FIN 46R&#148;) and
to assess whether it is the primary beneficiary of such entities. If the determination is made that the Company
is the primary beneficiary, then that entity is included in the consolidated
financial statements in accordance with FIN 46(R). All
significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation. 

 The
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which require
the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. 
Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

 Discontinued Operations 

 The
Company sold certain assets and assigned certain liabilities of its EPDM
business on June 29, 2007 and its optical monomers business on October 31,
2007. The Company sold its fluorine chemical business on January 31, 2008. 

 As a
result, the operations of these businesses have been classified as earnings
from discontinued operations (net of tax) in the consolidated statements of
operations for all periods presented. 
The consolidated statements of cash flows have not been adjusted to
reflect the discontinued operations and, thus, include the cash flows of the
discontinued businesses. Refer to Note 3
- Acquisitions and Divestments - Discontinued Operations for further
information. 

 Accounting Policies 

 Revenue Recognition 

 Substantially
all of the Company&#146;s revenues are derived from the sale of products. Revenue is
recognized when risk of loss of, and title to, the product is transferred to
the customer. Revenue is recorded net of
taxes collected from customers that are remitted to governmental authorities
with the collected taxes recorded as current liabilities until remitted to the
respective governmental authorities. The
Company&#146;s products are sold subject to various shipping terms. The Company&#146;s
terms of delivery are included on its sales invoices and order confirmation
documents. 

 Customer Rebates 

 The Company accrues for the estimated cost of
customer rebates as a reduction of sales. 
Customer rebates are primarily based on customers achieving defined
sales targets over a specified period of time. 
The Company estimates the cost of these rebates based on the likelihood
of the rebate being achieved and recognizes the cost as a deduction from sales
when such sales are recognized. Rebate
programs are monitored on a regular basis and adjusted as required. The Company&#146;s accruals for customer rebates
were $21 million and $27 million at December 31, 2008 and 2007,
respectively. 

 67 

 Table of Contents 

 Operating Costs
and Expenses 

 Cost of goods sold (&#147;COGS&#148;) includes all
costs incurred in manufacturing goods, including raw materials, direct
manufacturing costs and manufacturing overhead. 
COGS also includes warehousing, distribution, engineering, purchasing,
customer service, environmental, health and safety functions, and shipping and
handling costs for outbound product shipments. 
Selling, general and administrative expenses (&#147;SG&A&#148;) include costs
and expenses related to the following functions and activities: selling, advertising,
legal, provision for doubtful accounts, corporate facilities and corporate
administration. SG&A also includes
accounting, information technology, finance and human resources, excluding
direct support in manufacturing operations, which is included as COGS. Research and development expenses (&#147;R&D&#148;)
include basic and applied research and development activities of a technical
and non-routine nature. R&D costs
are expensed as incurred. COGS, SG&A
and R&D expenses exclude depreciation and amortization expenses which are
presented on a separate line in the consolidated statements of operations. 

 Other Income (Expense), Net 

 Other income (expense), net
includes costs associated with the Company&#146;s accounts receivable facilities,
foreign exchange gains (losses), interest income and minority interest loss. 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 Costs of securitization programs 

 $ 

 (16 

 ) 

 $ 

 (21 

 ) 

 $ 

 (15 

 ) 

 Equity income - Davis Standard LLC 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 6 

 Gain on sale of equity investment - Davis
 Standard LLC 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 6 

 Foreign exchange gain (loss) 

 25 

 11 

 (9 

 ) 

 Interest income 

 8 

 7 

 9 

 Minority interest 

 (2 

 ) 

 (8 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 Other accounts receivable financing 

 (1 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 Pension and other post-retirement benefits 
 of legacy businesses - interest component 

 (1 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 Fees associated with debt waivers and
 amendments 

 (6 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 7 

 $ 

 (13 

 ) 

 $ 

 (6 

 ) 

 The interest income for 2006
includes interest income resulting from tax settlements of $4 million. 

 Pension and other
post-retirement benefits of legacy plans represents the accretion of interest
on obligations assumed in connection with the purchase of Witco in 1999
relating to businesses for which the Company and the plan participants did not
have any continuing involvement either prior or subsequent to the acquisition. 

 Allowance for
Doubtful Accounts 

 Included
in accounts receivable are allowances for doubtful accounts in the amount of
$26 million in 2008 and $32 million in 2007. 
 The allowance for doubtful accounts reflects a reserve representing
the Company&#146;s estimate of the amounts that may not be collectible. In addition to reviewing delinquent accounts
receivable, the Company considers many factors in estimating its reserve,
including historical data, experience, customer types, credit worthiness, and
economic trends. From time to time, the Company may adjust its assumptions for
anticipated changes in any of these or other factors expected to affect
collection. 

 Inventory Valuation 

 Inventories are valued at the lower
of cost or market. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out (&#147;FIFO&#148;)
method. 

 Property, Plant and Equipment 

 Property, plant and equipment
are carried at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation expense from continuing
operations ($192 million in 2008, $229 million in 2007 and $163 million in
2006) is computed on the straight-line method using the following ranges of
asset lives: land improvements - 3 to 20 years; buildings and improvements - 2
to 40 years; machinery and equipment - 2 to 25 years; information systems
equipment - 2 to 7 years; and furniture, fixtures and other - 1 to 15 years. 

 68 

 Table of Contents 

 Renewals and improvements that
significantly extend the useful lives of the assets are capitalized. Capitalized leased assets and leasehold
improvements are depreciated over the shorter of their useful lives or the
remaining lease term. Expenditures for
maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. 

 Intangible Assets 

 Patents, trademarks and other intangibles are
being amortized principally on a straight-line basis using the following ranges
for their estimated useful lives: patents 4 to 40 years; trademarks 7 to 40
years; customer relationships 7 to 30 years; production rights 11 years; and
other intangibles 5 to 23 years. Further
information is provided in Note 8 &#151; Goodwill and Intangible Assets. 

 Recoverability of Long-Lived Assets and
Goodwill 

 The Company evaluates the
recoverability of the carrying value of its long-lived assets, excluding
goodwill, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value may not be recoverable. Under such circumstances, the Company
assesses whether the projected undiscounted cash flows of its businesses are
sufficient to recover the existing unamortized cost of its long-lived
assets. If the undiscounted projected
cash flows are not sufficient, the Company calculates the impairment amount by
discounting the projected cash flows using its weighted-average cost of
capital. The amount of the impairment is
written off against earnings in the period in which the impairment is
determined in accordance with FASB Statement No. 144 &#147;Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.&#148; 

 The Company evaluates the
recoverability of the carrying value of goodwill on an annual basis as of July 31,
or when events occur or circumstances change, in accordance with FASB Statement
No. 142, &#147;Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.&#148; See Note 8 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets
for further details. 

 Environmental
Liabilities 

 Each quarter the Company
evaluates and reviews estimates for future remediation and related costs to
determine appropriate environmental reserve amounts. For each site where the cost of
remediation is probable and estimable, a determination is made of the specific
measures that are believed to be required to remediate the site, the estimated
total cost to carry out the remediation plan, the portion of the total
remediation costs to be borne by the Company and the anticipated time frame
over which payments toward the remediation plan will occur. At sites where the
Company expects to incur ongoing operations and maintenance expenditures, the
Company accrues on an undiscounted basis for a period, which is generally 10
years, where it believes that such costs are estimable. 

 Litigation and
Contingencies 

 In accordance with FASB
Statement No. 5, Accounting for Contingencies, the Company records in its
consolidated financial statements amounts representing the Company&#146;s estimated
liability for claims, guarantees and litigation. As information about current or future
litigation or other contingencies becomes available, management assesses
whether such information warrants the recording of additional expenses relating
to those contingencies. See Note 19 -
Legal Matters and Note 20 - Contingencies for further details. 

 Stock-Based
Compensation 

 In December 2004, the FASB
issued Statement No. 123 (revised 2004), &#147;Share-Based Payment&#148; (&#147;FASB 123&#148;(R)),
which replaced Statement No. 123, &#147;Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation&#148;
(&#147;FASB 123&#148;) and supersedes Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, &#147;Accounting
for Stock Issued to Employees&#148; (&#147;APB 25&#148;). 
FASB 123(R) requires all share-based payments to employees,
including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the financial
statements based on their fair value beginning with the first annual period
after June 15, 2005. Effective January 1,
2006, the Company adopted FASB 123(R) using the modified prospective
method. Under the modified prospective method, the compensation cost for all
new awards and awards modified, repurchased or cancelled after the date of
adoption of FASB 123(R), as well as the unrecognized compensation cost of
unvested awards as of the date of adoption, are recognized in earnings based on
the grant-date fair value of those awards. 

 The Company recognizes
compensation cost for stock-based awards issued after January 1, 2006 over
the requisite service period for each separately vesting tranche, as if
multiple awards were granted. 
Stock-based compensation expense recognized was $5 million, $10 million
and $14 million for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006,
respectively, primarily attributable to the Company&#146;s stock option program. 

 69 

 Table of Contents 

 Derivative Instruments 

 Derivative
instruments are presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
at fair value as required by accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States. Further information is
provided in Note 16 - Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. 

 Translation of Foreign Currencies 

 Balance
sheet accounts denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the current
rate of exchange as of the balance sheet date, while revenues and expenses are
translated at average rates of exchange during the periods presented. The cumulative foreign currency adjustments
resulting from such translation are included in accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss). 

 Cash Flows 

 Cash and
cash equivalents include bank term deposits with original maturities of three
months or less. Included in the Company&#146;s cash balance at December 31,
2008 and 2007, are $1 million and $2 million, respectively, of restricted cash
that is required to be on deposit to support certain letters of credit and
performance guarantees, the majority of which will be settled within one year. 

 Cash
payments included interest payments of $80 million in 2008, $85 million in 2007
and $104 million in 2006. Cash payments also included income tax payments (net
of refunds) of $60 million in 2008, $52 million in 2007 and $68 million in
2006. 

 Accounting Developments 

 Recently
Implemented 

 In February 2007,
the FASB issued Statement No. 159, &#147;The Fair Value Option for Financial
Assets and Financial Liabilities&#148; (&#147;FAS 159&#148;), which provides companies with an
option to report selected financial assets and liabilities at fair value in an
attempt to reduce both the complexity in accounting for financial instruments
and the volatility in earnings caused by measuring related assets and
liabilities differently. The provisions of FAS 159 are effective as of the
beginning of the Company&#146;s 2008 fiscal year. 
The Company elected to not fair value existing eligible items, beginning
January 1, 2008. 

 Effective
January 1, 2007, the Company adopted FASB Interpretation No. 48, &#147;Accounting
for Uncertainty in Income Taxes&#148; (&#147;FIN 48&#148;), which clarifies the accounting for
uncertainty in income taxes recognized in accordance with FASB Statement No. 109,
&#147;Accounting for Income Taxes.&#148; Under FIN
48, the Company may recognize a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only
if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the
position. FIN 48 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest
and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires
increased disclosures. See Note 11 - Income Taxes for information relating to
implementation of this interpretation. 

 In September 2006,
the FASB issued Statement No. 157, &#147;Fair Value Measurements&#148; (&#147;FAS 157&#148;),
which establishes a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and
expands disclosures about fair value measurements. The provisions of FAS 157,
specifically for financial assets and liabilities, are effective as of the
beginning of the Company&#146;s 2008 fiscal year. 
See Note 17 &#151; Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements for
further details. 

 In September 2006,
the FASB issued Statement No. 158, &#147;Employers&#146; Accounting for Defined
Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans,&#148; which amends Statement No. 87,
&#147;Employers&#146; Accounting for Pensions&#148; and Statement No. 106, &#147;Employers&#146;
Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions&#148; to require
recognition of the overfunded or underfunded status of pension and other
postretirement benefit plans on the balance sheet. Under Statement No. 158, gains and
losses, prior service costs and credits, and any remaining transition amounts
under Statement No. 87 and Statement No. 106 that have not yet been
recognized through net periodic benefit cost will be recognized in accumulated
other comprehensive loss, net of tax effects, until they are amortized as a
component of net periodic cost. The
Company adopted the balance sheet recognition provisions of Statement No. 158
as of December 31, 2006 and adopted the change to the December 31
measurement date in 2008. See Note 15 -
Pension and Other Post-Retirement Plans for further details. 

 70 

 Table of Contents 

 In September 2006,
the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;) issued Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 108, (&#147;SAB 108&#148;) &#147;Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements
when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements&#148;. SAB 108
provides guidance on the consideration of effects of the prior year
misstatements in quantifying current year misstatements for the purpose of a
materiality assessment. The SEC staff believes registrants must quantify errors
using both a balance sheet (the iron curtain method) and income statement (the
rollover method) approach and evaluate whether either approach results in
quantifying a misstatement that, when all relevant quantitative and qualitative
factors are considered, is material. The
Company adopted the provisions of SAB 108 in the quarter ended December 31,
2006. See Note 22 - Adoption of Staff
Accounting Bulletin 108 for further details. 

 Future
Implementations 

 In February 2008, the FASB
issued FSP FAS 157-2, which delays the effective date of FAS 157 for all
nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are not recognized or disclosed
at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis (at least
annually) until fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2008. 
The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact that the application
of FAS 157 to its nonfinancial assets and liabilities will have on its
consolidated results of operations. 

 In December 2007, the FASB
issued Statement No. 160, &#147;Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated
Financial Statements &#151; an amendment of ARB No. 51&#148; (&#147;FAS 160&#148;), which will
require companies to treat noncontrolling interests (commonly referred to as
minority interest) as a separate component of shareholders&#146; equity and not as a
liability. The provisions of FAS 160 are
effective as of the beginning of the Company&#146;s 2009 fiscal year. The Company is assessing the impact of
adopting FAS 160 on its consolidated financial position and results of
operations. 

 In December 2007, the FASB
issued Statement No. 141 (revised 2007), &#147;Business Combinations&#148; (&#147;FAS
141(R)&#148;), which requires, among other items, that identifiable assets,
liabilities, noncontrolling interests and goodwill acquired in a business
combination be recorded at full fair value. 
The provisions of FAS 141(R) are effective as of the beginning of
the Company&#146;s 2009 fiscal year. The Company is assessing the impact of adopting
FAS 141(R) on its consolidated financial position and results of
operations. 

 In March 2008, the FASB
issued Statement No. 161, &#147;Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities, an amendment of FASB Statement No. 133&#148; (&#147;FAS 161&#148;),
which will require companies with derivative instruments to disclose
information about how and why a company uses derivative instruments, how
derivative instruments and related hedged items are accounted for under FAS
133, and how derivative instruments and related hedged items affect a company&#146;s
financial position, financial performance, and cash flows. The provisions of FAS 161 are effective as of
the beginning of the Company&#146;s 2009 fiscal year. The Company is assessing the impact of
adopting FAS 161 on its consolidated financial position and results of
operations. 

 Risks and Uncertainties 

 The Company&#146;s revenues are
largely dependent on the continued operation of its various manufacturing
facilities. There are many risks involved in operating chemical manufacturing
plants, including the breakdown, failure or substandard performance of equipment,
operating errors, natural disasters, the need to comply with directives of, and
maintain all necessary permits from, government agencies and potential
terrorist attacks. The Company&#146;s operations can be adversely affected by raw
material shortages, labor force shortages or work stoppages and events impeding
or increasing the cost of transporting its raw materials and finished products.
The occurrence of material operational problems, including but not limited to
the above events, may have a material adverse effect on the productivity and
profitability of a particular manufacturing facility. With respect to certain
facilities, such events could have a material effect on the company as a whole.

 The Company&#146;s operations are also
subject to various hazards incident to the production of industrial chemicals.
These include the use, handling, processing, storage and transportation of
certain hazardous materials. Under certain circumstances, these hazards could
cause personal injury and loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of
property and equipment, environmental damage and suspension of operations.
Claims arising from any future catastrophic occurrence at one of its locations
may result in the Company being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting
potential claims. 

 The Company performs ongoing
credit evaluations of its customers&#146; financial condition including an
assessment of the impact, if any, of prevailing economic conditions. The
Company generally does not require collateral from its customers. The Company
is exposed to credit losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties on
derivative instruments. The counterparties to these transactions are major
financial institutions, which may be adversely affected by the current global
credit crisis. However, the Company considers the risk of default to be
minimal. 

 International operations are
subject to various risks which may or may not be present in U.S. operations.
These risks include political instability, the possibility of expropriation,
restrictions on dividends and remittances, instabilities of currencies,
requirements for governmental approvals for new ventures and local
participation in operations such as local equity ownership and workers'
councils. Currency fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the currencies in
which the Company conducts business have caused and will continue to cause
foreign currency transaction gains and losses, which may be material. While the
Company does not currently believe that it is likely to suffer a material
adverse effect on its results of operations in connection with its existing
international operations, any of these events could have an adverse effect on
its international operations in the future. 

 71 

 Table of Contents 

 2) LIQUIDITY 

 The Company relies on the following sources
of liquidity to continue to operate as a going concern: (i) cash and cash
equivalents on hand; (ii) cash generated from operations; (iii) sales
of accounts receivables under the Company&#146;s accounts receivables facilities; (iv) borrowings
under the Company&#146;s senior credit facility (&#147;Credit Facility&#148;) revolver; (v) net
proceeds from asset sales; and (vi) access to the capital markets. The Company&#146;s principal uses of cash are to
provide for working capital to fund its operations and to service its debt
obligations. The changes in financial
markets in the late summer and fall of 2008 limited the ability of companies
such as Chemtura to access the capital markets. 
The deepening recession in the fourth quarter of 2008 has had a
significant impact on the Company&#146;s operations, resulting in a sharp decline in
financial performance. As a result, the
Company&#146;s liquidity became progressively more constrained in the fourth quarter
of 2008. The Company has incurred losses
from continuing operations of $973 million, $45 million and $273 million for
the years ended 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. See Note 9 - Debt for information on the
Company&#146;s various debt agreements. 

 The Company&#146;s $370 million 7% Notes are due
and payable on July 15, 2009 (&#147;2009 Notes&#148;). In light of the recent changes in the
financial markets, the Company decided in October 2008 to initiate the
sale of certain business assets in order to generate the funds to meet the
pending maturity. These asset sale
initiatives were aided by the Company&#146;s prior exploration of its strategic
alternatives that had included the investigation of value enhancing transactions
including the sale of one or more of its businesses. Unless the Company can complete a planned
asset sale or a debt refinancing transaction with net after-tax proceeds
sufficient to meet the redemption of these notes, it will default on its obligation
to redeem these notes on maturity. Any
such default would cause a default under certain of the Company&#146;s other debt
obligations due to cross default provisions in those agreements. The asset sale process is progressing with
certain buyers now working to complete their due diligence. Upon completion of due diligence, it is
expected that buyers will submit final offers and the Company will be able to
determine if a transaction can be completed and if so, what the net proceeds
may be. However, until a definitive
agreement has been negotiated, executed, and the sale closed, there can be no
assurances that the Company will complete an asset sale(s) or have the
funds to redeem its 2009 Notes upon maturity. 
Further, any such asset sale and the use of resulting net proceeds,
requires the consent of the lenders under the Credit Facility and the
purchasers under the Company&#146;s new U.S. accounts receivable facility. 

 In the fourth quarter of 2008,
the Company undertook a sequence of actions to reduce costs as well as conserve
cash. The Company continues to implement
cost reduction and cash generation actions. 
These actions include staff reductions, temporary plant closures with the
furlough of employees, suspension of its dividend, reductions in capital spending,
sale of surplus assets and working capital reductions. 

 Due to the sharp decline in customer demand
in November and December 2008, and the resulting decline in sales,
the Company&#146;s financial performance deteriorated sharply in the fourth quarter
of 2008 resulting in the Company&#146;s inability to be in compliance with the two
financial maintenance covenants under the Credit Facility as of December 31,
2008. On December 30, 2008, the
Company obtained a 90-day waiver of compliance with these covenants from the
lenders under the Credit Facility. This
waiver expires on March 30, 2009. 
In the current economic environment, it is unlikely that the Company&#146;s
financial performance in 2009 will be sufficient to enable it to be in
compliance with these covenants as of March 31, 2009 and for the balance
of 2009. The Company will therefore
require a further amendment and waiver from the lenders under its Credit
Facility prior to the expiration of the current waiver period in order to avoid
a default under the Credit Facility. 
While an asset sale may generate sufficient proceeds to meet the
maturity of the 2009 Notes in July of 2009, the proceeds may not be
sufficient to reduce the Company&#146;s indebtedness to a level where it can be in
compliance with these covenants in light of our trailing twelve month financial
performance at that time. It is
therefore probable that an amendment of the financial maintenance covenants
under the Credit Facility will be required at the time the lenders consider
consenting to the asset sale. There can
be no assurances that the lenders will grant such further waivers or amendments
on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 
A default under the Credit Facility would result in a default under the
terms of the Company&#146;s new U.S. accounts receivable facility, the 2009 Notes,
the 6.875% Notes due 2016 (&#147;2016 Notes&#148;) and the 6.875% Debentures due 2026 (&#147;2026
Debentures&#148;). 

 In light of the non-compliance with the
financial maintenance covenants as of December 31, 2008 under its Credit
Facility, for which the Company received a 90-day waiver, and given that it is
unlikely that the Company will be in compliance with these covenants after the
expiration of the 90-day waiver period and for the balance of 2009, borrowings
under the Credit Facility and other debt obligations that contain cross default
provisions have been recorded as current. 
Therefore, during the fourth quarter of 2008, the Company classified its
obligations under the Credit Facility, the 2016 Notes and the 2026 Debentures,
totaling $804 million, as current liabilities. 
Accordingly, at December 31, 2008, the Company had a working
capital deficiency of $558 million. 

 The Company&#146;s liquidity has been constrained
by changes in its financing agreements in light of the changes in its financial
performance. The Company&#146;s availability
under its Credit Facility has historically been constrained by the requirements
to meet its two financial maintenance covenants. Under the terms of the amendment and waiver
agreement with the lenders, fixed limits were defined on the amount the Company
can have outstanding under the Credit Facility revolver. Those limits were set at $180 million for the
period ended December 31, 2008, $195 million for the period ended January 31,
2009 and then $190 million for the period ended March 30, 2009. 

 72 

 Table of Contents 

 The Company&#146;s liquidity has been further
constrained by changes in the availability under its accounts receivable
facilities. The eligibility criteria and
reserve requirements under the Company&#146;s prior U.S. accounts receivable
facility tightened in the fourth quarter of 2008 following a credit rating
downgrade, significantly reducing the value of accounts receivable that could
be sold under the facility compared to September 30, 2008. The availability and access to the Company&#146;s
European accounts receivable facility were restricted in late December in
light of its financial performance. As a
result, the Company is currently unable to sell additional receivables under
this existing program. The new
three-year U.S. accounts receivable facility entered into by a special-purpose
subsidiary of the Company on January 23, 2009 has restored much of the
liquidity that the Company had pursuant to the prior U.S. accounts receivable
facility before the 2008 fourth quarter events. 
The Company is currently in discussions to revise certain terms of its
European accounts receivable facility under which we are currently unable to
sell additional receivables. The
anticipated revisions include among other matters, significantly reducing the
value of accounts receivable that can be sold under the facility from
approximately $244 million (&#128;175 million) to approximately $98 million (&#128;70
million) and changes to the subsidiaries eligible to sell accounts receivable
under the facility. These revisions are
subject to final approval and documentation. 
See Note 5 &#151; Sale of Accounts Receivable for further information on the
Company&#146;s accounts receivable facilities. 

 The Company will likely continue to incur
operating losses in the first quarter of 2009 and its liquidity remains
constrained such that it may not be sufficient to meet the Company&#146;s cash
operating needs in this period of economic uncertainty. If the Company would
require liquidity in excess of what is available under its Credit Facility and
accounts receivable facilities, there is no assurance that the Company can
obtain additional liquidity on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If the
Company is unable to obtain or sustain the liquidity required to operate its
business, or redeem or refinance its 2009 Notes upon maturity, the Company may
need to seek to modify the terms of its debts through court reorganization
proceedings to allow it, among other things, to reorganize its capital
structure. 

 The Company was notified by the New York
Stock Exchange (&#147;NYSE&#148;) on February 17, 2009 that it was no longer in
compliance with the NYSE&#146;s share price listing standard. Under the NYSE listed company manual, the
Company has until August 17, 2009 to regain compliance with the minimum
share price rule that requires, among other things, that the share price and
average closing price of its common stock be above $1.00 over 30 consecutive
trading days as of that date. During
that time, its common stock continues to be listed on the NYSE and trades as
usual. The Company was in compliance
with all other NYSE listing rules and has actively been taking steps to
maintain our listing. Despite its
efforts, there can be no assurance that the Company will be in compliance with
the NYSE continued listing requirements at August 17, 2009, or that it
will not subsequently fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements. If at the end of any cure period, the Company
is not in compliance with the NYSE&#146;s continued listing requirements, its common
stock may be subject to delisting. A delisting could: (i) reduce the
liquidity and market price of the Company&#146;s common stock; (ii) negatively
impact its ability to raise equity financing; (iii) prevent it from
accessing the public capital markets; and (iv) materially adversely impact
its results of operations and financial condition. 

 The factors noted above raise substantial
doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

 3)
ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTMENTS 

 Merger 

 Effective July 1, 2005, the Company and
Great Lakes completed an all-stock merger transaction. In accordance with the terms of the
agreement, Great Lakes shareholders received 2.2 shares of the Company&#146;s common
stock for each share of Great Lakes common stock resulting in the issuance of
approximately 116.1 million shares, which is net of 11.5 million treasury
shares, of the Company&#146;s common stock with a fair value of approximately $1.9
billion. 

 As a
result of the merger, the Company recorded charges for costs directly related
to the Merger as a component of operating profit (loss). The merger costs incurred in 2006 were $17
million primarily for consulting cost related to the integration of the Company
with Great Lakes. 

 73 

 Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions 

 GLCC Laurel, LLC 

 On March 12,
2008, the Company purchased the remaining interest in GLCC Laurel, LLC for a
note payable of $11 million. The note
was paid in September 2008. As GLCC
Laurel, LLC was already being consolidated by the Company in its financial
statements, the purchase price was allocated to reduce the minority interest
liability by $23 million. The value of
the long-lived assets was reduced by $14 million (as the fair value of the
assets exceeded the purchase price) with the residual amounts allocated to other
assets. 

 Baxenden 

 On February 29,
2008, the Company acquired the remaining stock of Baxenden Chemicals Limited
Plc for approximately $26 million. The
purchase price was allocated to goodwill of $9 million; intangible assets of $
7 million; property, plant, and equipment of $5 million; and other net assets
of $5 million. 

 Kaufman 

 On January 31, 2007, the
Company acquired the stock of Kaufman Holdings Corporation (&#147;Kaufman&#148;). In 2007, the Company paid the sellers $160
million plus an additional $5 million for working capital adjustments and transaction
costs. Additionally, a final payment of
$5 million was made in 2009 to the sellers in accordance with the sale
agreement. 

 The acquired assets and assumed
liabilities have been recorded at their fair value and the excess cost of the
acquired net assets over their fair value has been recorded as goodwill. The total purchase price has been allocated
to the acquired net tangible and intangible assets and assumed liabilities
based upon valuations and estimates of fair value. 

 The total Kaufman purchase
price of $170 million includes $61 million of goodwill; $58 million of
intangible assets; $45 million of net working capital; $42 million of property,
plant and equipment and $2 million of other assets offset by $38 million of
other long-term liabilities. 

 Kaufman reported net sales of
$205 million in 2006. The Kaufman
acquisition complements the Company&#146;s existing Performance Specialties segment
by offering related products in key customer areas, providing the opportunity
to strengthen alliances with major suppliers, and offering potential
distribution synergies. 

 Trace Chemicals 

 On March 24,
2006, the Company acquired the Trace Chemicals business from Bayer CropScience
LP. Trace Chemicals is a leader in
farmer-applied seed treatments in markets serving the United States. The acquisition will serve to enhance the
Company&#146;s offerings in the Crop Protection business. The cash paid for this acquisition was $7
million and the assets acquired included inventory; property, plant and
equipment and intangible assets. 

 Discontinued
Operations 

 The Company has classified the
following transactions as discontinued operations in the consolidated
statements of operations for all periods presented in accordance with FASB
Statement No. 144, &#147;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets&#148;. In accordance with EITF 03-13, the Company determined
the cash flows associated with the continuation of activities are deemed
indirect and the Company evaluated whether it had significant continued
involvement in the operations of the disposed businesses. Accordingly, the Company did not deem its
involvement with the disposed businesses subsequent to sale to be significant. 

 74 

 Table of Contents 

 Discontinued
operations activity is as follows: 

 2007 

 2006 

 (In millions) 

 Net 
 Sales 

 Pre-tax 
 Earnings 
 from 
 Discontinued 
 Operations 

 Income 
 Tax 
 Expense 

 Earnings 
 from 
 Discontinued 
 Operations 

 Net 
 Sales 

 Pre-tax 
 Earnings 
 from 
 Discontinued 
 Operations 

 Income 
 Tax 
 Expense 

 Earnings 
 from 
 Discontinued 
 Operations 

 Fluorine 

 $ 

 49 

 $ 

 14 

 $ 

 (5 

 ) 

 $ 

 9 

 $ 

 56 

 $ 

 8 

 $ 

 (3 

 ) 

 $ 

 5 

 Optical Monomers 

 31 

 3 

 &#151; 

 3 

 35 

 4 

 (1 

 ) 

 3 

 EPDM 

 99 

 8 

 (3 

 ) 

 5 

 174 

 18 

 (6 

 ) 

 12 

 OrganoSilicones 

 &#151; 

 2 

 (1 

 ) 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Total 

 $ 

 179 

 $ 

 27 

 $ 

 (9 

 ) 

 $ 

 18 

 $ 

 265 

 $ 

 30 

 $ 

 (10 

 ) 

 $ 

 20 

 Fluorine
Divestiture 

 On January 31, 2008, the
Company completed the sale of its fluorine chemical business located at the
Company&#146;s El Dorado, Arkansas facility for an immaterial net loss. The assets sold consisted of patents and
intangible assets of $12 million, inventory of $8 million, fixed assets of $8
million and other current liabilities of $1 million. The fluorine chemical business is reported as
a discontinued operation in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

 Optical
Monomers Divestiture 

 On October 31, 2007, the
Company completed the sale of its optical monomers business, which includes its
Ravenna, Italy manufacturing facility, for cash proceeds of $24 million. The Company reported a net of tax loss of $1
million (a loss of $2 million related to the sale of its optical monomers
business in discontinued operations and a gain of $1 million related to the
sale of certain antioxidants assets in cost of goods sold). The net assets sold include $8 million of
accounts receivable, $9 million of inventories, $5 million of intangible
assets, $5 million of assets at the Company&#146;s manufacturing facilities and $2
million of current liabilities. 

 EPDM
Divestiture 

 On June 29, 2007, the
Company completed the sale of its EPDM business, the Celogen&#174; foaming agents
product line related to rubber chemicals, and its Geismar, Louisiana facilities
for cash proceeds of $137 million, plus $16 million in promissory notes paid in
installments between closing and September 30, 2007. The Company reported
a net of tax gain of $8 million (a gain of $23 million related to the sale of
the EPDM business in discontinued operations and a loss of $15 million related
to the sale of foaming agents in loss on sale of business). The assets sold
include $23 million of accounts receivable, $36 million of inventories and $63
million of assets at the Company&#146;s manufacturing facilities. In connection with this sale, the Company
entered into certain transitional 

 service and supply agreements
for periods initially ranging from 90 days to six months which may be extended
at the mutual consent of both parties. Since June 30, 2007, the Company does
not have any continuing involvement in the EPDM business. 

 OrganoSilicones Divestiture 

 On July 31,
2003, the Company sold certain assets and assigned certain liabilities of its
OrganoSilicones business unit to the Specialty Materials division of General
Electric Company (&#147;GE&#148;) and acquired GE&#146;s Specialty Chemicals business. As a result of this transaction, the Company
was to receive quarterly earn-out payments through December of 2006 based
on the minimum required payments and additional payments contingent on the
combined performance of GE&#146;s existing Silicones business and the
OrganoSilicones business that GE acquired from the Company through September of
2006. The total of such earn-out proceeds was for a minimum of
$105 million and a maximum of $250 million, of which the Company received a
total of $175 million over the term of the agreement ($9 million in 2007, $54 million in 2006, $63 million in 2005, $40 million
in 2004 and $9 million in 2003). 

 Upon the expiration of the
performance contingency on September 30, 2006 and the expiration of the
earn-out period, the total cumulative additional expected contingent earn-out
of $67 million ($46 million, net of taxes) was recognized as a gain on the sale
of discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2006 in the
consolidated statement of operations. 
Included in this amount was a receivable of $6 million related to the
contingent payout received in 2007. 
During the first quarter of 2007, the Company received its final
earn-out payment from GE of $9 million. 
As a result, the Company recorded a gain on sale of discontinued
operations of $3 million ($2 million, net of taxes) for the year ended December 31,
2007 in the consolidated statement of operations. During 2007, the Company also
recorded earnings from discontinued operations of $2 million ($1 million, net
of taxes) for adjustments related to the sale of the OrganoSilicones business. 

 75 

 Table of Contents 

 Other
Dispositions 

 Oleochemical Divestiture 

 On February 29, 2008, the
Company completed the sale of its oleochemicals business at the Company&#146;s
Memphis, Tennessee facility and recorded a net loss of $26 million. The assets sold included inventory of $26
million, accounts receivable of $23 million, goodwill of $13 million, net fixed
assets of $7 million, and intangible assets of $1 million. The oleochemicals business had revenues of
approximately $160 million in 2007. 
Proceeds from the transaction were used to reduce debt. 

 Organic Peroxides Divestiture 

 On July 31, 2007, the Company completed the sale of its organic
peroxides business located at the Company&#146;s Marshall, Texas facility. As a
result, the Company recorded a pre-tax asset impairment charge of $3 million in
the quarter ended June 30, 2007, to reduce the carrying value of the
property, plant and equipment to be sold to its estimated fair value prior to the
sale. This sale transaction did not have
a material impact on the Company&#146;s earnings, financial position or cash flows. 

 Industrial
Water Additives Divestiture 

 On May 12, 2006, the
Company sold its Industrial Water Additives (&#147;IWA&#148;) business, which was
acquired in the merger with Great Lakes, to BWA Water Additives (&#147;BWA&#148;), a
subsidiary of Close Brothers Private Equity located in the United Kingdom. The Company received cash proceeds of $85
million, less a $10 million adjustment for retained accounts receivable and
accounts payable. The pre-tax loss on
the sale of $12 million was recorded during the second quarter of 2006 and is
included within loss on sale of business in the accompanying consolidated
statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2006. The assets sold of $81 million consisted
primarily of the dedicated intellectual property rights used to produce IWA
products at the Company&#146;s Trafford Park, United Kingdom and Adrian, Michigan
facilities, inventories, office and lab equipment, and the Company&#146;s shares in
Biolab Gulf GmbH, which is a holding company that owns a 49% interest in the
Company&#146;s Biolab Arabia joint venture, located in Saudi Arabia, a previously
consolidated entity. The Company retained the Liquibrom product line that was
previously included within the IWA business unit. Transaction costs and other charges amounted
to approximately $6 million. 

 Included in the net assets sold
are $34 million of allocated goodwill related to the portion of the IWA
business unit that was sold, $33 million related to net intangible assets,
primarily technology, brands and customer relationships, and finished goods
inventory of $12 million. 

 In connection with this sale,
the Company entered into several ancillary agreements, including two supply
agreements, a distribution agreement, and a transitional service agreement. 

 The fully-dedicated
manufacturing assets of the IWA business located in Trafford Park, United
Kingdom and Adrian, Michigan that the Company continues to own will be utilized
by the Company solely to supply certain finished product to BWA for a period of
no less than two years. Based upon the Company&#146;s current operations, these
assets will have limited use or salvage value, if any, after such transition
period. As a result, based upon an undiscounted cash-flow analysis including an
estimate of salvage value, these assets were determined to be impaired (not
recoverable) as the carrying value of the assets was greater than the expected
cash flows from the assets. Therefore, during the second quarter of 2006, the
Company recorded an impairment charge of $6 million to write-down such
assets to fair value. Fair value was determined based upon estimated discounted
cash flows directly related to the assets, including an estimate of salvage
value. 

 Under FASB Statement No. 144,
&#147;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets&#148; (FASB 144),
the involvement of the Company under the supply agreements and the distribution
agreement is considered significant and therefore, the requirements for
presentation as a discontinued operation have not been met. 

 76 

 Table of Contents 

 Davis Standard Divestiture 

 On October 30, 2006, the
Company sold its interest in Davis-Standard LLC for aggregate proceeds of $69
million, of which $60 million of cash was received as of December 31,
2006. The remaining amounts were set up
as receivables, of which $4 million is included in other current assets and $4
million is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31,
2006. During 2007, the Company received
$6 million of proceeds related to these receivables and had a remaining
receivable balance of $2 million in other current assets on its consolidated
balance sheet at December 31, 2007. 
Subsequent to September 30, 2006 and prior to the sale, the Company
received approximately $13 million in cash distributions. The Company recognized a pretax gain of $6
million on the transaction, which is included in other income (expense), net in
its consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31,
2006. 

 4) RESTRUCTURING AND ASSET IMPAIRMENT ACTIVITIES 

 Restructuring Activities 

 On December 11, 2008, the
Company announced a worldwide restructuring program to reduce cash fixed
costs. This initiative involves a
worldwide reduction in the Company&#146;s professional and administrative staff by
approximately 500 people, of which approximately 170 people exited as of December 31,
2008. The Company recorded a pre-tax
charge of $26 million for this program during the fourth quarter of 2008 for
severance and related costs. 

 On June 4, 2007, the
Company formally announced its plan to close the antioxidant facilities at
Pedrengo and Ravenna, Italy, and two intermediate chemical product lines at
Catenoy, France. The actions, which are
in addition to the restructuring plan announced on April 4, 2007, impact
approximately 190 employees. The Company
recorded pre-tax charges of $49 million during 2007 ($33 million of accelerated
depreciation was recorded to depreciation and amortization expense; $11 million
primarily for severance was recorded to facility closures, severance and
related costs; $4 million asset impairment charge was recorded to impairment of
long-lived assets and $1 million of accelerated asset retirement obligations
were recognized in cost of goods sold). 
In 2008, the Company recorded an additional $1 million of pre-tax
charges primarily for severance related to this program. 

 On April 4, 2007, the
Company announced the realignment of its business segments, streamlining of the
organization, reevaluation of its manufacturing footprint and the redirection
of efforts to focus on end-use markets. 
In June 2007, the Company identified more than 600 position
reductions and approved several locations for closure. The Company recorded pre-tax charges relating
to these actions, primarily for severance totaling $28 million in 2007 to
facility closures, severance and related costs in the consolidated statement of
operations. In 2008, the Company
recorded an additional $1 million of pre-tax charges primarily for severance
related to this program. 

 In 2006, the Company
implemented a cost savings initiative to support its continuing efforts to
become more efficient and reduce costs. 
As a result, the Company recorded pre-tax charges primarily for
severance totaling $11 million in 2006, to facility closures, severance and related
costs in the consolidated statement of operations. Additionally, the Company recorded pre-tax
charges of $7 million for accelerated depreciation to depreciation and
amortization expense and $4 million for accelerated asset retirement
obligations to cost of goods sold in 2006 related to this restructuring
initiative. In 2007, the Company
recorded an additional $1 million of pre-tax charges for severance related to
its 2006 program. 

 In addition, during 2008, 2007 and 2006, the
Company recorded pre-tax credits of $2 million, $4 million and $4 million,
respectively, primarily to adjust the reserve for unrecoverable future lease
costs at the Tarrytown, NY facility and for other reserves no longer deemed
necessary. 

 77 

 Table of Contents 

 A summary of the charges and adjustments
related to these restructuring programs is as follows: 

 (In millions) 

 Severance 
 and 
 Related 
 Costs 

 Other 
 Facility 
 Closure 
 Costs 

 Total 

 Balance at January 1, 2006 

 $ 

 9 

 $ 

 16 

 $ 

 25 

 2006 charge (credit) 

 10 

 (3 

 ) 

 7 

 Cash payments 

 (10 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 (14 

 ) 

 Non-cash charges and accretion 

 &#151; 

 1 

 1 

 Balance at December 31, 2006 

 9 

 10 

 19 

 2007 charge (credit) 

 37 

 (1 

 ) 

 36 

 Cash payments 

 (24 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 (27 

 ) 

 Non-cash charges and accretion 

 1 

 &#151; 

 1 

 Balance at December 31, 2007 

 23 

 6 

 29 

 2008 charge (credit) 

 27 

 (1 

 ) 

 26 

 Cash payments 

 (24 

 ) 

 (2 

 ) 

 (26 

 ) 

 Non-cash charges and accretion 

 3 

 (1 

 ) 

 2 

 Balance at December 31, 2008 

 $ 

 29 

 2 

 $ 

 31 

 At December 31, 2008, the
reserve of $31 million was included in accrued expenses on the consolidated
balance sheet. At December 31,
2007, $27 million was included in accrued expenses and $2 million was included
in other liabilities. 

 Asset
Impairment Activities 

 In accordance with FASB
Statement No. 142, &#147;Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets&#148; and FASB
Statement No. 144, &#147;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets,&#148; the Company recorded pre-tax charges totaling $986 million,
$19 million and $80 million in 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively as an
impairment of long-lived assets in the consolidated statement of operations,
which includes the following items: 

 &#183; In the fourth quarter of 2008, the
Company recorded an impairment of long-lived assets of $665 million related to
reducing the carrying value of goodwill in the Company&#146;s Polymer Additives and
Consumer Products segments (see Note 8 &#151; Goodwill and Intangible Assets). 

 &#183; In the third quarter of 2008, the
Company recorded an impairment of long-lived assets of $1 million related to
reducing the carrying value of property, plant and equipment at the Company&#146;s
Catenoy, France facility, which was the result of the product line closures previously
announced. 

 &#183; In the second quarter of 2008, the
Company recorded an impairment of long-lived assets of $320 million related to
reducing the carrying value of goodwill in the Company&#146;s Consumer Products
segment (see Note 8 &#151; Goodwill and Intangible Assets). 

 &#183; In the fourth quarter of 2007, the
Company recorded an impairment charge of $3 million related to the write-off of
construction in progress costs associated with software that will no longer be
utilized due to the Company&#146;s plan to consolidate its multiple ERP systems onto
a single SAP platform. 

 &#183; In the third quarter of 2007, the
Company recorded an impairment charge of $9 million, related to the reduction
in the value of certain assets at the Company&#146;s Ravenna, Italy facility, which
was the result of the closure of the antioxidant facility at this site and the
plan to sell the remaining assets at this site as part of the sale of the
optical monomers business that was completed in October 2007. 

 &#183; In the second quarter of 2007, the
Company recorded an impairment charge of $3 million to reduce the carrying
value of the property, plant and equipment to be sold to its estimated fair
value related to its organic peroxides business located at the Company&#146;s
Marshall, Texas facility. Such sale was
completed on July 31, 2007 (see Note 3 &#151; Acquisitions and Divestments for
further details). 

 &#183; In the second quarter of 2007, the
Company recorded an impairment charge of $4 million related to the write-off of
construction in progress at certain facilities affected by the restructuring
program announced on June 4, 2007. 

 78 

 Table of Contents 

 &#183; In the third quarter of 2006, the
Company determined that a significant customer would not renew its contract
with the Fluorine business effective December 31, 2006. As a result, the Company recorded an
impairment charge of $23 million to write-down the value of property, plant and
equipment by $8 million and intangible assets, net by $15 million. 

 &#183; In the third quarter of 2006, the
Company also recorded an impairment charge of $52 million related to the
Fluorine business, which resulted from the Company&#146;s annual goodwill impairment
review. 

 &#183; In the second quarter of 2006, the
Company recorded an impairment charge of $5 million to write-down the value of
the retained long-lived assets of the IWA business. 

 5) SALE
OF ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE 

 In December 2008, the
Company entered into an amendment and waiver agreement with the purchasers
under its then existing U.S. accounts receivable facility. The purchasers agreed to waive certain
provisions which permitted them to terminate their commitments to purchase
additional undivided interest in future receivables. The agreement also provided for the permanent
reduction in commitments under the facility from $275 million to $100
million. At December 31, 2008, $36
million of domestic accounts receivable had been sold under this facility,
representing the maximum amount permitted under the terms of this facility, at
an average cost of approximately 3.52%. 
At December 31, 2007, $119 million of domestic accounts receivable
had been sold under this facility at an average cost of approximately
5.77%. In addition, the Company&#146;s
European subsidiaries have a separate facility to sell up to approximately $244
million of their eligible accounts receivable to a purchaser. At December 31, 2008, $67 million of
international accounts receivable have been sold under this facility at an
average cost of approximately 6.16%. The
amount sold under this facility at December 31, 2008 represents the maximum
amount permitted based on limitations imposed by the purchasers due to the
Company&#146;s financial condition. At December 31,
2007, $120 million of international accounts receivable had been sold at an
average cost of approximately 7.46%. The
total costs associated with these facilities of $16 million, $21 million and
$15 million for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006,
respectively, are included in other income (expense), net in the consolidated
statements of operations. 

 Under the U.S. accounts
receivable facility, certain subsidiaries of the Company sell their accounts
receivable to a special purpose entity (&#147;SPE&#148;) that has been created as a
separate legal entity for the purpose of acquiring such receivables and selling
an undivided interest therein to certain purchasers. The assets of the SPE are not available to
the Company&#146;s general creditors. In
accordance with the receivable purchase agreement, the purchasers acquire an
undivided ownership interest in the accounts receivable owned by the SPE. The
amount of such undivided ownership interest will vary based on the level of
eligible accounts receivable as defined in the agreement. In addition, the
purchasers retain a security interest in all of the receivables owned by the
SPE, which was $209 million and $163 million as of December 31, 2008 and
2007, respectively. The balance of the unsold receivables owned by the SPE is
included in accounts receivable on the consolidated balance sheet. 

 Under the European accounts
receivable facility, certain foreign subsidiaries of the Company sell eligible
accounts receivable directly to a purchaser. 
During the period, the Company had an obligation to service the accounts
receivable sold under its U.S. and European facilities. 

 On January 23,
2009, the Company entered into a new U.S. accounts receivable facility with up
to $150 million of capacity and a three-year term with certain lenders under
its Credit Facility. Lenders who
participated reduced their commitments to the Credit Facility pro-rata to their
participation in the new accounts receivable facility. The former U.S. accounts receivable
facility was terminated. The new U.S. accounts receivable facility
contains covenants that limit, among other matters, the Company&#146;s ability to
enter into certain transactions, such as incurring additional indebtedness,
payment of dividends, incur capital expenditures and entering into
acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures. 
The Company is required to make certain periodic representations to the
lenders, including compliance with covenants (under this facility and facilities
with cross covenant default provisions) and that no material adverse change (as defined
in the agreement) has occurred. 
Compliance with the covenants is waived so long as compliance with the
financial maintenance covenants under the Credit facility is waived. 

 The Company is currently in
discussions to revise certain terms of its European accounts receivable
facility under which we are currently unable to sell additional receivables. The anticipated revisions include among other
matters, significantly reducing the value of accounts receivable that can be
sold under the facility from approximately $244 million (&#128;175 million) to
approximately $98 million (&#128;70 million) and changes to the subsidiaries
eligible to sell accounts receivable under the facility. These revisions are subject to final approval
and documentation. 

 79 

 Table of Contents 

 6) INVENTORIES 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 Finished goods 

 $ 

 416 

 $ 

 433 

 Work in process 

 34 

 52 

 Raw materials and supplies 

 161 

 191 

 $ 

 611 

 $ 

 676 

 Included
in the above net inventory balances are inventory obsolescence reserves of
approximately $37 million and $40 million at December 31, 2008 and 2007,
respectively. 

 7) PROPERTY,
PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 Land and improvements 

 $ 

 82 

 $ 

 94 

 Buildings and improvements 

 249 

 208 

 Machinery and equipment 

 1,205 

 1,384 

 Information systems equipment 

 191 

 201 

 Furniture, fixtures and other 

 50 

 65 

 Construction in progress 

 79 

 87 

 1,856 

 2,039 

 Less: accumulated depreciation 

 994 

 1,007 

 $ 

 862 

 $ 

 1,032 

 Depreciation
expense from continuing operations amounted to $192 million, $229 million and
$163 million for 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Depreciation expense from continuing operations
includes accelerated depreciation of certain fixed assets associated with the
Company&#146;s restructuring programs and the consolidations of its legacy ERP
systems of $47 million, $70 million and $18 million for 2008, 2007, and 2006,
respectively. 

 8) GOODWILL
AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

 Goodwill by reportable segment
is as follows: 

 Polymer 

 Performance 

 Consumer 

 Crop 

 (In millions) 

 Additives 

 Specialties 

 Products 

 Protection 

 Other 

 Total 

 January 1, 2007 

 $ 

 460 

 $ 

 104 

 $ 

 554 

 $ 

 57 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 1,177 

 Kaufman acquisition 

 &#151; 

 61 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 61 

 Adoption of FIN 48 

 (3 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (5 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (8 

 ) 

 Tax adjustments 

 (21 

 ) 

 2 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (19 

 ) 

 Sale of EPDM 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (2 

 ) 

 (2 

 ) 

 Foreign currency translation and other 

 52 

 13 

 35 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 100 

 December 31, 2007 

 488 

 180 

 584 

 57 

 &#151; 

 1,309 

 Impairment charges 

 (445 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (540 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (985 

 ) 

 Baxenden acquisition 

 &#151; 

 9 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 9 

 Tax adjustments 

 (2 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (6 

 ) 

 Sale of oleochemicals 

 (13 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (13 

 ) 

 Foreign currency translation and other 

 (28 

 ) 

 (14 

 ) 

 (7 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (49 

 ) 

 December 31, 2008 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 171 

 $ 

 37 

 $ 

 57 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 265 

 80 

 Table of Contents 

 The Company has elected to
perform its annual goodwill impairment review for all of its reporting units in
accordance with Statement No. 142, &#147;Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets&#148;
as of July 31, or sooner, if events occur or circumstances change that
could reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. The Company estimates the fair value of its
reporting units utilizing income and market approaches through the application
of discounted cash flow and market comparable methods. The assessment is required to be performed in
two steps, step one to test for a potential impairment of goodwill and, if
potential losses are identified, step two to measure the impairment loss via a
full fair valuing of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit utilizing
the purchase method of accounting. 

 During the quarter ended June 30,
2008, the Company updated its long-term financial projections for each of its
businesses. The projections for the
Consumer Products segment indicated an inability to sustain the level of
goodwill associated with that segment. A
goodwill impairment charge of $320 million was recorded in this reporting unit
in the second quarter of 2008. 

 The Company&#146;s cash flow
projections, used to estimate the fair value of its reporting units, are based
on subjective estimates. Although the
Company believes that its projections reflect its best estimates of the future
performance of its reporting units, changes in estimated revenues or operating
margins could have an impact on the estimated fair values. Any increases in estimated reporting unit
cash flows would have had no impact on the carrying value of goodwill in that
reporting unit. However, a decrease in
future estimated reporting unit cash flows could require the Company to
determine whether recognition of a goodwill impairment charge was
required. Based on the estimated fair
values used to test goodwill for impairment in accordance with FASB Statement No. 142,
the Company concluded that no impairment existed in any of its reporting units
at July 31, 2008. 

 During the third quarter of
2008, significant weakness developed in global financial markets, resulting in
decreases in the valuation of public companies and restricted availability of
capital. Further, it appeared that the
global economy was entering into a recession. 
During this period, the Company&#146;s stock price fell to a value that was
at a significant discount to the per share value of the Company&#146;s book
value. These events were of sufficient
magnitude for the Company to conclude that it was appropriate to perform a
goodwill impairment review as of September 30, 2008. 

 With the speed of events, there
was not yet a body of forecast information from which to assess the likely intensity
or duration of the recession or quantify the likely impact on the industries
the Company serves. The Company
therefore used its own estimates of the effects of the macroeconomic changes on
the industries its serves to develop an updated view of its projections. Those updated projections were used to
compute updated estimated fair values of its reporting units. Based on these estimated fair values used to
test goodwill for impairment in accordance with FASB Statement No. 142,
the Company concluded that no impairment existed in any of its reporting units
at September 30, 2008. 

 The Company saw order volumes
decline sharply in November and December of 2008 as its customers
experienced, or anticipated, reductions in demand from the industries they serve.
These order reductions primarily related to the Company&#146;s Polymer Additives and
Performance Specialties business segments in electronic, polyolefin, building
and construction and general industrial applications. 

 The Company also adjusted its
plant production rates to align with customer demand and its inventory
reduction goals. As a result, a significant number of the Company&#146;s facilities
were idled during various times in the latter part of the fourth quarter of
2008. 

 The changes in financial
performance during the fourth quarter of 2008 and the outlook in 2009, coupled
with continuing adverse equity market conditions that caused a decrease in
current market multiples and the Company&#146;s stock price, were of sufficient
magnitude for the Company to conclude that it was appropriate to perform a
goodwill impairment during the fourth quarter of 2008. These updated projections, which estimate the
effects and timing of the macroeconomic changes on the industries the Company
serves, were used to compute updated estimated fair values of its reporting
units. Based on the estimated fair values, the Polymer Additives and Consumer
Products segments indicated an inability to sustain the level of goodwill
associated with each segment. Goodwill
impairment charges of $445 million and $220 million were recorded in the
Polymer Additives and Consumer Products reporting units, respectively, in the
fourth quarter of 2008. 

 81 

 Table of Contents 

 The Company continually
monitors and evaluates business and competitive conditions that affect its
operations and reflects the impact of these factors in its financial
projections. The Company also monitors its stock price over time as an
indicator of changes in the fair value of its business. If permanent or sustained changes in
business, competitive conditions or stock price occur, they can lead to revised
projections that could potentially give rise to impairment charges. 

 The Company&#146;s intangible assets
(excluding goodwill) are comprised of the following: 

 2008 

 2007 

 (In millions) 

 Gross 
 Cost 

 Accumulated 
 Amortization 

 Net 
 Intangibles 

 Gross 
 Cost 

 Accumulated 
 Amortization 

 Net 
 Intangibles 

 Patents 

 $ 

 136 

 $ 

 (50 

 ) 

 $ 

 86 

 $ 

 143 

 $ 

 (44 

 ) 

 $ 

 99 

 Trademarks 

 285 

 (51 

 ) 

 234 

 330 

 (65 

 ) 

 265 

 Customer relationships 

 156 

 (36 

 ) 

 120 

 164 

 (29 

 ) 

 135 

 Production rights 

 45 

 (15 

 ) 

 30 

 45 

 (11 

 ) 

 34 

 Other 

 73 

 (26 

 ) 

 47 

 91 

 (39 

 ) 

 52 

 Total 

 $ 

 695 

 $ 

 (178 

 ) 

 $ 

 517 

 $ 

 773 

 $ 

 (188 

 ) 

 $ 

 585 

 The decrease in gross
intangible assets of $78 million since December 31, 2007 is primarily due
to the write-off of intangibles of $47 million related to fully amortized
intangibles (offset within accumulated amortization), the sale of the fluorine
and oleochemicals businesses of $16 million, and translation and other
adjustments of $28 million, partially offset by additions of $13 million. During 2008, the Company acquired the
remaining stock of Baxenden Chemicals Limited Plc and accordingly recorded
patents of $1 million (weighted average useful life of 7 years), trademarks of
$1 million (useful life of 25 years) and customer relationships of $5 million
(useful life of 30 years). 

 Amortization expense from
continuing operations related to intangible assets including equity investments
amounted to $45 million in 2008, $40 million in 2007 and $41 million in
2006. Estimated amortization expense of
intangible assets including equity investments for the next five fiscal years
is as follows: $38 million (2009), $38 million (2010), $38 million (2011), $38
million (2012) and $37 million (2013). 

 82 

 Table of Contents 

 9) DEBT 

 The
Company&#146;s debt instruments are recorded at face value, net of unamortized
discounts or premiums. Such discounts or
premiums will be amortized to interest expense over the life of the related
debt instruments. The Company&#146;s debt is
comprised of the following: 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 6.875 % Notes due 2016, net of unamortized
 discount of $2 million in 2008 and 2007, with an effective interest rate of
 6.93% in 2008 and 2007 

 $ 

 498 

 $ 

 498 

 7% Notes due July 15, 2009, net of
 unamortized premium of $4 million in 2008 and $12 million in 2007, with an
 effective interest rate of 5.03% in 2008 and 5.13% in 2007 

 374 

 412 

 6.875% Debentures due 2026, net of
 unamortized discount of $24 million in 2008 and $25 million in 2007, with an
 effective interest rate of 7.26% in 2008 and 7.23% in 2007 

 126 

 125 

 Senior credit facility 

 180 

 &#151; 

 Other borrowings 

 26 

 28 

 Total Debt 

 1,204 

 1,063 

 Less: Short-term borrowings 

 (3 

 ) 

 (5 

 ) 

 Less: Current portion of long-term debt 

 (1,178 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 Total Long-Term Debt 

 $ 

 23 

 $ 

 1,058 

 The Company&#146;s financial performance
deteriorated sharply in the fourth quarter of 2008 resulting in part in the
Company&#146;s inability to comply with the two financial maintenance covenants
under the Credit Facility as of December 31, 2008. A default under the Credit Facility would
result in a default under the terms of the Company&#146;s new U.S. accounts
receivable facility, 2009 Notes, 2016 Notes and 2026 Debentures. In light of the non-compliance with the
financial maintenance covenants as of December 31, 2008 under its Credit
Facility for which the Company received a 90-day waiver, and given that it is
probable that the Company will not be in compliance with these covenants after
the expiration of the 90-day waiver period and for the balance of 2009,
advances under the Credit Facility and other debt obligations that contain
cross acceleration provisions have been recorded as current. Therefore, during the fourth quarter of 2008,
the Company classified its obligations under the Credit Facility, the 2016
Notes and the 2026 Debentures as current liabilities. 

 In February 2008, the
Company repurchased $30 million of its outstanding 2009 Notes. The loss associated with the early
extinguishment of the debt was immaterial for the year ended December 31,
2008. 

 In July 2006, the Company
completed the redemption of the remaining $159 million of its outstanding
9.875% Senior Notes due 2012 (&#147;2012 Notes&#148;), which was funded through
borrowings under the Company&#146;s Credit Facility, the uncommitted working capital
facilities and available cash. The
purchase price to tender the 2012 Notes was $1,123.87 per $1,000 principal
amount. As a result of the tender, the
Company recorded a pre-tax loss on early extinguishment of debt of $24 million
during 2006. The loss includes a premium
of $20 million and the write-off of unamortized deferred costs of $4 million. 

 On May 24, 2006, the Company completed a
tender offer to repurchase the remaining $165 million of its outstanding Senior
Floating Rate Notes due 2010 (&#147;2010 Notes&#148;). 
The purchase price to tender the 2010 Notes was $1,095.83 per $1,000 in
principal amount. As a result of the
tender, the Company recorded a pre-tax loss on early extinguishment of debt of
$20 million during 2006. The loss
included a premium of $16 million and the write-off of unamortized deferred
costs of $4 million. 

 83 

 Table of Contents 

 On April 24, 2006, the Company and
certain of its consolidated subsidiaries sold $500 million aggregate principal
amount of 2016 Notes. The offering was made under the Company&#146;s shelf
registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission dated April 19, 2006. The underwriters purchased the 2016 Notes
from the Company at 98.452% (a 6.95% effective rate) of their principal amount,
plus accrued interest from April 24, 2006. The offering closed on April 24,
2006 and the Company received net proceeds from the offering of $492 million
after expenses. The proceeds were utilized to repay the outstanding balance on
the Company&#146;s Credit Facility of $364 million, the outstanding balance on
uncommitted lines of credit of $50 million and to reduce receivables sold under
the domestic receivable securitization facility of $60 million, with the
remaining proceeds used for general corporate purposes. At any time prior to the maturity date of the
notes, the Company may, at its option, redeem all or any portion of the notes
at the make-whole redemption price required by the individual Indenture
agreements. If the Company experiences a
change in control, as defined under the indenture for the 2016 Notes, the
Company must offer to repurchase all or part of the notes. 

 The 2016 Notes are an unsecured obligation
and rank equally in right of payment with all the Company&#146;s other unsecured,
unsubordinated indebtedness. The Company&#146;s
obligations under the 2016 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed,
jointly and severally, by certain existing and future wholly-owned domestic
subsidiaries. 

 The Company&#146;s credit rating at
December 31, 2008 is B (Negative) by Standard and Poors and B2 (Negative) by
Moody&#146;s Investors Services, Inc. 
Subsequent to December 31, 2008, the credit ratings were lowered to CCC
(Negative) by Standard and Poors and B3 (Negative) by Moody&#146;s Investors
Services, Inc. 

 Credit
Facilities 

 The
commitments under the Company&#146;s Credit Facility of $740 million were reduced to
$500 million as of December 30, 2008 under the terms of the amendment and
waiver agreement (&#147;Credit Facility Amendment&#148;) as of that date. On January 23, 2009, the Company entered into a new $150 million U.S.
accounts receivable securitization facility with a three-year term with certain
lenders under the Credit Facility and their commitments under the Credit
Facility were further reduced pro-rata such that total commitments were reduced
from $500 million to $350 million. 
Pursuant to the Credit Facility Amendment, for the period commencing on December 30,
2008 through March 30, 2009 (the &#147;Waiver Period&#148;), compliance with the
financial covenants under the Credit Facility has been waived. In addition, certain events of default are
waived during the Waiver Period. During
the Waiver Period, advances outstanding under the Credit Facility are not
permitted to exceed $180 million for the period ended December 31,
2008, $195 million for the period ended January 31, 2009 and then $190
million for the period ended March 30, 2009. Borrowings
under the Credit Facility revolver at December 31, 2008 were $180
million. There were no borrowings under
the Credit Facility at December 31, 2007. 

 Prior
to December 30, 2008, borrowings under the Credit Facility incurred
interest at the EURIBO Rate (as defined in the Credit Facility agreement) plus
a margin ranging from 0% to 1.6%. A
facility fee was payable on unused commitments at a rate ranging from 0.125% to
0.4%. During the Waiver Period, the
margin added to calculate interest rates has been increased from 0.60% to 2.60%
per annum for base rate advances and from 1.60% to 3.60% per annum for EURIBO
Rate advances. Additionally, the unused
commitment fee has been increased from 0.40% to 1.00% per annum. 

 The
Credit Facility is guaranteed by certain domestic subsidiaries of the Company
(the &#147;Domestic Subsidiary Guarantors&#148;). 
Pursuant to a Credit Facility covenant, the Company and the Domestic
Subsidiary Guarantors were, in June of 2007, required to provide a security
interest in the equity of their first tier subsidiaries (limited to 66% of the
voting stock of first-tier foreign subsidiaries). Under the terms of the indentures for the
2009 Notes, 2016 Notes and the 2026 Debentures (collectively, the &#147;Notes&#148;), the
Company is required to provide security for the Notes on an equal and ratable
basis if (and for so long as) the principal amount of secured debt exceeds
certain thresholds related to the Company&#146;s assets. The thresholds vary under each of the
indentures. In order to avoid having the
Notes become equally and ratably secured with the Credit Facility obligations,
the lenders agreed to limit the amount secured by the pledged equity to the
maximum amount that would not require the notes to become equally and ratably
secured (the &#147;Maximum Amount&#148;). In
connection with the amendment and waiver agreement dated December 30,
2008, the Company and the Domestic Subsidiary Guarantors entered into a Second
Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement. In addition to the prior pledge of equity
granted to secure the Credit Facility obligations, the Company and the Domestic
Subsidiary Guarantors granted a security interest in their inventory. The value of this security interest continues
to be limited to the Maximum Amount. 

 84 

 Table of Contents 

 In July 2006, the Company
obtained a $50 million uncommitted working capital facility due on July 31,
2007. In May 2006, the Company obtained a $25 million uncommitted working
capital facility due on August 31, 2008. 
The borrowings were repaid under these agreements prior to
maturity. There were no balances
outstanding under the $25 million uncommitted working capital facility at December 31,
2007. These facilities have terminated
under their terms and are no longer available to the Company. 

 The Company also has arrangements
with various banks for lines of credit for its international subsidiaries aggregating
to $17 million in 2008 and $34 million in 2007, of which $4 million (at 6.9%)
and $4 million (at 5.6%) were outstanding at December 31, 2008 and 2007,
respectively. 

 The Company has standby letters of
credit with various financial institutions which utilize available capacity
under the Credit Facility. At December 31,
2008, the Company had $75 million of outstanding letters of credit primarily
related to liabilities for environmental remediation insurance obligations and
European value added tax (&#147;VAT&#148;) obligations. 
During the waiver period, letters of credit are not permitted to exceed
$97 million in value. 

 Debt
Covenants 

 The Company&#146;s Credit Facility contain covenants that limit the Company&#146;s
ability to enter into certain transactions, such as incurring additional
indebtedness, payment of dividends, and entering into acquisitions,
dispositions and joint ventures. The
Company is required to make certain periodic representations to the lenders,
including compliance with covenants and that no material adverse change (as
defined in the agreement) has occurred. 
Under the two financial maintenance covenants, the Company is required
to maintain a leverage ratio (adjusted total debt (&#147;Total Debt&#148;) to adjusted
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for the last
twelve months (&#147;Bank EBITDA&#148;), with adjustments to both debt and earnings being
made in accordance with the terms of the Credit Facility agreement) where
adjusted debt must not exceed 3.0 times Bank EBITDA and an interest coverage
ratio (Bank EBITDA to interest expense as defined in the Credit Facility
agreement) where Bank EBITDA must be at least 4.5 times interest expense. 

 The
Company was not in compliance with these two financial maintenance covenants as
of December 31, 2008. The Company
obtained a 90-day waiver of compliance with these covenants from the lenders
under the Credit Facility. This waiver
expires on March 30, 2009. 

 Maturities 

 At December 31,
2008, the scheduled maturities of debt during the next five fiscal years are:
2009 - $374 million; 2010 - $181 million; 2011 - $0 million; 2012 - $0 million
and 2013 - $1 million. However, given
that it is probable that the Company will not be in compliance with the
covenants under the Credit Facility after the expiration of the 90-day waiver
period and for the balance of 2009, advances under the Credit Facility and
other debt obligations that contain cross acceleration provisions have been
recorded as current liabilities. 

 10) LEASES 

 At December 31, 2008, minimum rental
commitments, primarily for buildings, land and equipment under non-cancelable
operating leases, net of sublease income, amounted to $26 million (2009), $21
million (2010), $14 million (2011), $12 million (2012), $11 million (2013), $44
million (2014 and thereafter) and $128 million in the aggregate. Sublease income is not significant in future
periods. Rental expenses under operating
leases were $31 million (2008), $34 million (2007) and $38 million (2006), net
of sublease income of $1 million (2008), $10 million (2007) and $7 million
(2006). 

 Future minimum lease payments under
capital leases at December 31, 2008 were not significant. 

 Real
estate taxes, insurance and maintenance expenses generally are obligations of
the Company and, accordingly, are not included as part of rental payments. It is expected that in the normal course of
business, leases that expire will be renewed or replaced by similar leases. 

 85 

 Table of Contents 

 11)
INCOME TAXES 

 The components of earnings (loss)
from continuing operations before income taxes and the income tax provision
(benefit) are as follows: 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 Pre-tax Earnings (Loss) from Continuing
 Operations: 

 Domestic 

 $ 

 (721 

 ) 

 $ 

 (82 

 ) 

 $ 

 (279 

 ) 

 Foreign 

 (279 

 ) 

 41 

 132 

 $ 

 (1,000 

 ) 

 $ 

 (41 

 ) 

 $ 

 (147 

 ) 

 Income Tax Provision (Benefit) 

 Domestic 

 Current 

 $ 

 4 

 $ 

 (6 

 ) 

 $ 

 (5 

 ) 

 Deferred 

 (82 

 ) 

 (7 

 ) 

 88 

 $ 

 (78 

 ) 

 $ 

 (13 

 ) 

 $ 

 83 

 Foreign 

 Current 

 $ 

 43 

 $ 

 33 

 $ 

 39 

 Deferred 

 8 

 (16 

 ) 

 4 

 $ 

 51 

 $ 

 17 

 $ 

 43 

 Total 

 Current 

 $ 

 47 

 $ 

 27 

 $ 

 34 

 Deferred 

 (74 

 ) 

 (23 

 ) 

 92 

 $ 

 (27 

 ) 

 $ 

 4 

 $ 

 126 

 The provision (benefit) for income
taxes from continuing operations differs from the Federal statutory rate for
the following reasons: 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 Income tax provision (benefit) at statutory
 rate 

 $ 

 (350 

 ) 

 $ 

 (14 

 ) 

 $ 

 (51 

 ) 

 Antitrust legal settlements 

 2 

 4 

 15 

 Foreign rate differential 

 24 

 1 

 4 

 State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

 (1 

 ) 

 7 

 (1 

 ) 

 Tax audit settlements 

 &#151; 

 12 

 &#151; 

 Valuation allowances 

 44 

 (1 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 U.S. tax on foreign earnings 

 (11 

 ) 

 28 

 141 

 Nondeductible expenses 

 (3 

 ) 

 1 

 &#151; 

 Goodwill 

 291 

 &#151; 

 21 

 Income tax credits 

 1 

 (4 

 ) 

 (2 

 ) 

 Tax law changes 

 (1 

 ) 

 (10 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 Surrender of insurance policies 

 &#151; 

 7 

 &#151; 

 Taxes attributable to prior periods 

 (15 

 ) 

 (26 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 Other, net 

 (8 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 3 

 Actual income tax (benefit) expense 

 $ 

 (27 

 ) 

 $ 

 4 

 $ 

 126 

 86 

 Table of Contents 

 Deferred taxes are recorded based on differences between
the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities using currently enacted tax
rates and regulations. The components of the deferred tax assets and
liabilities are as follows: 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 Deferred tax assets: 

 Pension and other post-retirement
 liabilities 

 $ 

 203 

 $ 

 137 

 Net operating loss carryforwards 

 168 

 132 

 Other accruals 

 77 

 63 

 Tax credit carryforwards 

 72 

 88 

 Accruals for environmental remediation 

 31 

 31 

 Inventories and other 

 23 

 22 

 Financial instruments 

 6 

 &#151; 

 Total deferred tax assets 

 580 

 473 

 Valuation allowance 

 (191 

 ) 

 (86 

 ) 

 Net deferred tax assets after valuation
 allowance 

 389 

 387 

 Deferred tax liabilities: 

 Foreign earnings of subsidiaries 

 (178 

 ) 

 (188 

 ) 

 Property, plant and equipment 

 (108 

 ) 

 (106 

 ) 

 Intangibles 

 (18 

 ) 

 (121 

 ) 

 Financial instruments 

 &#151; 

 (2 

 ) 

 Other 

 (94 

 ) 

 (75 

 ) 

 Total deferred tax liabilities 

 (398 

 ) 

 (492 

 ) 

 Net deferred tax liability after valuation
 allowance 

 $ 

 (9 

 ) 

 $ 

 (105 

 ) 

 Net current and non-current deferred taxes from each tax
jurisdiction are included in the following accounts: 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 Net current deferred taxes 

 Other current assets 

 $ 

 10 

 $ 

 97 

 Other current liabilities 

 (34 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 Net non-current deferred taxes 

 Other assets 

 65 

 19 

 Other liabilities 

 (50 

 ) 

 (217 

 ) 

 The Company had valuation allowances
related to U.S. operations of $153 million and $69 million at December 31,
2008 and 2007, respectively. The Company
had valuation allowances related to foreign operations of $38 million and $17
million at December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. A valuation allowance has been provided for
deferred tax assets where it is more likely than not these assets will expire
before the Company is able to realize their benefit. Of the $105 million change in the total valuation
allowance during 2008 $44 million was recorded to the income tax provision in
the consolidated statement of operations and $56 million and $5 million was
recorded to other comprehensive income and goodwill, respectively, in the
consolidated balance sheet. The change in the valuation allowance was primarily
related to management&#146;s determination that the realization of its deferred tax
assets is not more likely than not. This
valuation allowance will be maintained until it is more likely than not that
remaining deferred assets will be realized. 
When this occurs, the Company&#146;s income tax expense will be reduced by a
decrease in its valuation allowance, which could have a significant impact on
the Company&#146;s future earnings. 

 At December 31, 2008, the
Company had gross federal, state, and foreign net operating losses (&#147;NOL&#148;)
carryforwards of $245 million, $812 million and $169 million, respectively. The Company also has federal and state tax
credit carryforwards of $68 million and $3 million, respectively. State and foreign NOL&#146;s and credits expire
2009-2028, federal credits expire 2009-2028 and federal NOL&#146;s expire 2022-2027. 

 At December 31, 2007, the
Company had gross federal, state, and foreign NOL carryforwards of $141
million, $709 million and $184 million, respectively. The Company also has federal and state tax
credits carry forwards of $83 million and $5 million, respectively, partially
offset by valuation allowances of $23 million. 

 87 

 Table of Contents 

 Tax expense for 2006 includes a
charge of $156 million relating to earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries
where the Company has recorded a deferred income tax liability associated with
the intent to repatriate those earnings in a subsequent period. The Company had historically considered
substantially all of the earnings of its foreign subsidiaries to be permanently
reinvested in their operations. If this
deferred tax liability had not been recognized, a valuation allowance for
domestic net deferred tax assets would have been required. 

 The Company considers earnings of
certain foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely invested in their
operations. At December 31, 2008 such
earnings amount to $265 million. 

 The Company also has not recognized a
deferred tax liability for the difference between the book basis and tax basis
of investments in the common stock of foreign subsidiaries. Such differences relate primarily to the
unremitted earnings of both Witco&#146;s and Great Lakes&#146; foreign subsidiaries prior
to their mergers with the Company. The
basis difference in subsidiaries of Witco, acquired on September 1, 1999,
is approximately $235 million and the basis difference in subsidiaries of Great
Lakes, acquired on July 1, 2005, is approximately $322 million. Estimating the tax liability that would arise
if these earnings were repatriated is not practicable at this time. 

 The Company adopted the
provisions of FIN 48 on January 1, 2007. 
The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of the date of adoption
was $56 million. As a result of the implementation
of FIN 48, the Company recognized a $2 million decrease in the income tax
payable liability for unrecognized tax benefits which was accounted for as a $6
million increase in non-current deferred tax assets and an $8 million decrease
in goodwill. During the year ended December 31,
2008, the Company recorded an increase to its liability for unrecognized tax
benefits of approximately $19 million. In
accordance with FIN 48, the Company recognizes interest and penalties related
to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. 

 The beginning and ending amount
of unrecognized tax benefits reconciles as follows: 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 Balance, January 1, 

 $ 

 66 

 $ 

 56 

 Gross increases for tax positions taken
 during current year 

 16 

 &#151; 

 Gross increases for tax positions taken
 during a prior period 

 29 

 21 

 Gross decreases for tax positions taken
 during a prior period 

 (14 

 ) 

 (10 

 ) 

 Decreases from the expiration of the
 statute of limitations 

 (7 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 Settlements/payments 

 (5 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 Balance, December 31, 

 $ 

 85 

 $ 

 66 

 The
Company recognized $3 million and $4 million of interest related to
unrecognized tax benefits within tax expense in its statement of operations in
2008 and 2007, respectively. The Company
also recognized in its statement of financial position at December 31,
2008 and 2007 a total amount of $11 million and $8 million of interest,
respectively, related to unrecognized tax benefits. 

 The Company and its
subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S., various U.S. states and
certain foreign jurisdictions. The
Company has completed its federal examination through December 31,
2005. The tax years 2006-2007 remain
open to examination. 

 Foreign
and United States jurisdictions have statutes of limitations generally ranging
from 3 to 5 years. The Company has a
number of state, local and foreign examinations currently in process. Major foreign exams in process include
Canada, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. 

 88 

 Table of Contents 

 The Company believes it is
reasonably possible that its unrecognized tax benefits may decrease
approximately $2 million within the next year. 
This reduction may occur due to the conclusion of examinations by tax
authorities. The Company further expects
that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will continue to change as the
result of ongoing operations, the outcomes of audits, and the expiration of the
statute of limitations. This change is
not expected to have a significant impact on the results of operations or the
financial position of the Company. 

 12) EARNINGS
(LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE AND CAPITAL STOCK 

 The
computation of basic earnings (loss) per common share is based on the
weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. The computation of diluted earnings (loss)
per common share is based on the weighted-average number of common and common
share equivalents outstanding. The
computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share equals the basic earnings
(loss) per common share calculation since common stock equivalents were
antidilutive due to losses from continuing operations in 2007 and 2006. The company had no common stock equivalents
in 2008. Common stock equivalents
amounted to 0.5 million in 2007 and 0.8 million in 2006. 

 The
weighted average common shares outstanding are 242.3 million, 241.6 million and
240.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006,
respectively. 

 The
Company&#146;s outstanding stock options of 12.7 million in 2008, 6.3 million in
2007, and 9.0 million in 2006, were excluded from the calculation of diluted
earnings (loss) per share because the exercise prices of the stock options were
greater than or equal to the average price of the common shares. These options could be dilutive if the
average share price increases and is greater than the exercise price of these
options. The Company&#146;s performance-based
restricted shares of 1.2 million in 2008, 1.5 million in 2007 and 1.4 million
in 2006 were also excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings (loss) per
share, because the specified performance criteria for the vesting of these
shares has not yet been met. These
restricted shares could be dilutive in the future if the specified performance
criteria are met. 

 The Company is authorized to issue
500 million shares of $0.01 par value common stock. There were 254.1 million and 253.6 million
shares issued at December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively, of which 11.5
million were held as treasury stock at December 31, 2008 and 2007. 

 The
Company is authorized to issue 0.3 million shares of preferred stock without
par value, none of which are outstanding. 
On September 3, 1999, the Company declared a dividend distribution
of one Preferred Share Purchase Right (&#147;Rights&#148;) on each outstanding share of
common stock. These Rights entitle
stockholders to purchase one one-hundredth of a share of a new series of junior
participating preferred stock at an exercise price of $100. The Rights are only exercisable if a person
or group acquires 15% or more of the Company&#146;s common stock or announces a
tender offer which, if successful, would result in ownership of 15% or more of
the Company&#146;s common stock. 

 13) ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

 Components
of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) is as follows: 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 Foreign currency translation adjustment
 (net of tax) 

 $ 

 63 

 $ 

 252 

 Unrecognized pension and other post
 retirement benefit costs (net of tax) 

 (270 

 ) 

 (84 

 ) 

 Change in fair value of derivatives (net of
 tax) 

 (1 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss)
 income 

 $ 

 (208 

 ) 

 $ 

 168 

 89 

 Table of Contents 

 Reclassifications
from other comprehensive (loss) income to cost of goods sold related to the
Company&#146;s natural gas price swap contracts aggregated to a $1 million pre-tax
loss, $10 million pre-tax loss and $9 million pre-tax gain during 2008, 2007
and 2006, respectively. 

 14) STOCK
INCENTIVE PLANS 

 The Company uses various
employee stock-based compensation plans. 
Awards under these plans are granted to eligible officers, management
employees and non-employee directors. 
Awards may be made in the form of incentive stock options, non-qualified
stock options, stock appreciation rights and restricted stock. The Company plans to issue any shares related
to the exercise of stock options or vested restricted stock under these plans
by issuing additional shares of common stock. 

 Description of the Plans 

 The
Company has five plans that provide for the granting of stock awards to
officers and key employees. The 1988
Long-Term Incentive Plan (1988 Plan), the 1993 Stock Option Plan for
Non-Employee Directors (1993 Stock Option Plan), the 1998 Long-Term Incentive
Plan (1998 Plan) and the 2001 Employee Stock Option Plan (2001 Plan), which
were closed to all future new grants. T he
2006 Chemtura Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan (2006 Plan) permits the
grant of various forms of stock-based compensation awards, including stock
options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights and performance awards.
The 2006 Plan provides for the issuance of a maximum of 10.5 million shares, of
which 5.1 million have been granted. 
Shares granted under the 2006 Plan pursuant to awards other than stock
options and stock appreciation rights are limited to one-third of the total
maximum number of shares available for award under the 2006 Plan. Non-qualified and incentive stock options may
be granted under the 2006 plan at prices equal to the fair market value of the
underlying common shares on the date of the grant. All outstanding options will expire not more
than ten years from the date of the grant. 

 Adoption of FASB 123(R) 

 Effective January 1, 2006,
the Company adopted FASB 123(R) using the modified prospective method.
Under the modified prospective method, the compensation cost for all new awards
and awards modified, repurchased or cancelled after the date of adoption of
this Statement, as well as the unrecognized compensation cost of unvested
awards as of the date of adoption, are recognized in earnings based on the
grant-date fair value of those awards. 

 Total stock-based compensation
expense, including amounts for restricted stock and options, was $5 million,
$10 million and $14 million for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007
and 2006, respectively. In 2008, 2007
and 2006, stock-based compensation expense was primarily reported in SG&A. 

 Approximately 80% of the
compensation expense related to stock options was allocated to the operating
segments in 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. 
All other stock-based compensation expense has been allocated to Corporate. 

 Stock
Option Plans 

 In December 2008, the
Company&#146;s Board of Directors approved the grant of options covering 0.3 million
shares, with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the underlying
common stock at the date of grant. These options will vest ratably over a four
year period. 

 In February 2008, the
Company&#146;s Board of Directors approved the grant of options covering 2.7 million
shares, with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the underlying
common stock at the date of grant. These
options will vest ratably over a four-year period. 

 In February 2007 and April 2007
the Board of Directors approved the grant of options covering 1.7 million and
0.1 million shares, respectively, with an exercise price equal to the fair
market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant. These options will vest ratably over a four
year period. 

 In January 2006 and March 2006,
the Board of Directors approved the grant of options covering 0.2 million and
1.9 million shares, respectively, with an exercise price equal to the fair
market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant. These options will vest ratably over a
three-year period. 

 90 

 Table of Contents 

 The Company uses the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the compensation expense
related to stock options. The Company
has elected to recognize compensation cost for option awards granted equally
over the requisite service period for each separately vesting tranche, as if
multiple awards were granted. Using this
method, the weighted average fair value of stock options granted during the
years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 was $3.38, $5.40 and $4.85,
respectively. The Black-Scholes
option-pricing model requires the use of various assumptions. The following table presents the weighted
average assumptions used: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 Dividend yield 

 2.3 

 % 

 1.7 

 % 

 1.8 

 % 

 Expected volatility 

 46 

 % 

 48 

 % 

 49 

 % 

 Risk-free interest rate 

 3.2 

 % 

 4.6 

 % 

 4.8 

 % 

 Expected life (in years) 

 6 

 6 

 6 

 The weighted average expected
life of six years for the 2008, 2007 and 2006 grants reflects the alternative
simplified method permitted by SAB 107, which defines the expected life as the
average of the contractual term of the options and the weighted average vesting
period for all option tranches. The Company continues to use the simplified
method because there is insufficient data to develop a justifiable expected
term. Expected volatility for the 2008,
2007 and 2006 option grants is based primarily on historical volatility over
the six years prior to the option grant date. 

 Changes during 2008, 2007 and 2006 in shares under
option are summarized as follows: 

 Weighted 

 Average 

 Aggregate 

 Remaining 

 Intrinsic 

 Price Per Share 

 Shares 

 Contractual 

 Value 

 Range 

 Average 

 (in millions) 

 Life 

 (in millions) 

 Outstanding at 1/1/06 

 $ 

 5.85-29.94 

 $ 

 12.22 

 15.3 

 Granted 

 8.65-12.46 

 10.90 

 2.2 

 Exercised 

 5.85-12.43 

 8.05 

 (0.5 

 ) 

 $ 

 2 

 Lapsed 

 5.85-29.94 

 15.50 

 (1.8 

 ) 

 Outstanding at 12/31/06 

 5.85-26.41 

 11.77 

 15.2 

 5.1 

 12 

 Granted 

 7.54-12.06 

 11.95 

 1.9 

 Exercised 

 5.85-11.26 

 7.85 

 (0.9 

 ) 

 3 

 Lapsed 

 5.85-26.41 

 16.56 

 (4.6 

 ) 

 Outstanding at 12/31/07 

 5.85-21.74 

 10.19 

 11.6 

 5.4 

 2 

 Granted 

 1.50-8.71 

 7.97 

 3.1 

 Exercised 

 5.85-8.34 

 8.13 

 (0.1 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 Lapsed 

 5.85-21.74 

 11.27 

 (2.7 

 ) 

 Outstanding at 12/31/08 

 $ 

 1.50-21.74 

 $ 

 9.38 

 11.9 

 5.6 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 Exercisable at 12/31/06 

 $ 

 5.85-26.41 

 $ 

 11.86 

 12.3 

 Exercisable at 12/31/07 

 $ 

 5.85-21.74 

 $ 

 9.71 

 8.7 

 Exercisable at 12/31/08 

 $ 

 5.85-21.74 

 $ 

 9.54 

 8.2 

 4.1 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 Shares available for grant at
year-end 2008 and 2007 were 5.4 million and 8.1 million, respectively. 

 Total remaining unrecognized
compensation cost associated with unvested stock options at December 31,
2008 was $6 million, which will be recognized over the weighted average period
of approximately one year. 

 Restricted
Stock Plans 

 In February 2008, the
Board of Directors granted long-term incentive awards in the amount of 0.4
million shares of restricted stock, which will vest three and a half years from
the date of grant. 

 91 

 Table of Contents 

 In February 2008, the
Board of Directors approved a grant of long-term incentive awards of restricted
stock, which carries a performance condition requirement. The performance award will be based on
accomplishment against goal for 2008, 2009, and 2010 cumulative earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA). Results of EBITDA will be adjusted to exclude
certain categories of income and expense as defined in the award. The awards are for a maximum of 0.8 million
shares. Share awards based upon the
achievement of the performance milestones will become vested and distributed on
February 1, 2011. 

 Additionally, in February 2008,
grants of 0.1 million shares of restricted stock were approved to non-employee
directors, which are to be paid out upon retirement from the Chemtura Board of
Directors. The grants of shares do not
contain market condition requirements. 

 In December 2007, the
Board of Directors granted long-term incentive awards in the amount of 0.1
million shares of restricted stock, which vest ratably on the first, second and
third anniversary of the grant. 

 In February 2007, grants
of 0.1 million shares of restricted stock to non-employee directors of the
Chemtura Board of Directors were approved. 
These grants do not contain market condition requirements and are paid out
upon retirement from the Board. 

 In February 2007, the
Board of Directors granted long-term incentive awards in the amount of 0.1
million shares of restricted stock. The
grant of 0.1 million shares will vest three and a half years from the date of
grant. 

 In February 2007, the
Board of Directors approved a grant of long-term incentive awards of restricted
stock, which carries a performance condition requirement. The performance award will be based on
accomplishment against goal for 2007, 2008 and 2009 cumulative earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA). Results of EBITDA will be adjusted for
non-GAAP factors as defined. The awards
are for a maximum of 0.5 million shares. 
Share awards based upon the achievement of the performance milestones
will become vested and distributed on February 1, 2010. In April 2007, an additional grant for a
maximum of 0.1 million shares of restricted stock was granted under this
program. 

 In March 2006, the Board
approved a grant of long-term incentive awards of restricted stock which
carries a market condition requirement. 
These shares will vest based on the achievement of specified stock price
appreciation milestones, which represents a market condition, over a three-year
period commencing on December 31, 2005. 
This grant was for 0.6 million shares of restricted stock. The plan also includes a provision for the
grant of an additional 0.5 million shares, for a maximum payout of 1.1 million
shares of restricted stock, to be issued if the maximum level of specified
stock appreciation is attained. Shares
are scheduled to vest when a particular milestone (based on the closing price
of the Company&#146;s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange) is reached and
maintained for fifteen consecutive trading days. 

 In January 2006, the Board
granted merger integration awards consisting of long-term incentive awards in
the amount of 0.1 million shares of restricted stock which will vest ratably on
the first and second anniversary of the grants. 

 Additionally, in January 2006,
a grant of 0.1 million of restricted stock that do not contain market condition
requirements were approved to non-employee directors which are paid out upon
retirement from the Chemtura Board of Directors. 

 The fair value of restricted
stock awards without market conditions is determined based on the number of
shares granted and the quoted closing price of the Company&#146;s stock at the date
of grant. To determine the fair value of restricted stock with market
conditions, the Company uses the Monte Carlo simulation method. The Company&#146;s determination of the fair value
of restricted stock awards with market conditions on the date of grant is
affected by its stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of highly
complex and subjective variables, including expected volatility and risk-free
interest rate. If other reasonable
assumptions are used, the results may differ. 

 The fair value of all
restricted stock awards with market conditions is amortized on a straight-line
vesting basis over the derived service periods. 
In the case of accelerated vesting based on the market performance of
the Company&#146;s common stock, the compensation costs related to the vested awards
that have not previously been amortized are recognized upon vesting. 

 92 

 Table of Contents 

 Restricted stock award activity
for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 is as follows: 

 Weighted 

 Average 

 Aggregate 

 Shares 

 Grant Date 

 Fair Value 

 (in millions) 

 Fair Value 

 (in millions) 

 Restricted unvested stock awards, January
 1, 2006 

 1.5 

 $ 

 11.20 

 Granted 

 1.3 

 5.99 

 Vested 

 (0.3 

 ) 

 9.00 

 $ 

 2 

 Canceled or expired 

 (0.2 

 ) 

 9.85 

 Restricted unvested stock awards, December
 31, 2006 

 2.3 

 8.70 

 22 

 Granted 

 1.0 

 11.25 

 Vested 

 (0.4 

 ) 

 9.69 

 3 

 Canceled or expired 

 (0.7 

 ) 

 10.21 

 Restricted unvested stock awards, December
 31, 2007 

 2.2 

 9.24 

 17 

 Granted 

 1.3 

 8.57 

 Vested 

 (0.4 

 ) 

 11.55 

 2 

 Canceled or expired 

 (1.1 

 ) 

 8.90 

 Restricted unvested stock awards, December
 31, 2008 

 2.0 

 $ 

 8.58 

 $ 

 3 

 Total remaining unrecognized
compensation cost associated with unvested restricted stock awards at December 31,
2008 was $3 million, which will be recognized over the weighted average period
of approximately one year. 

 Tax
Benefits of Stock-Based Compensation Plans 

 Prior to the adoption of FASB
123(R), any benefit the Company received from tax deductions resulting from the
exercise of stock options and restricted stock awards was presented in the cash
flow from operations section of the consolidated statements of cash flows. FASB
123(R) requires the benefits of tax deductions in excess of grant-date
fair value be presented in the cash flow from financing section of the
consolidated statements of cash flows. 
The Company did not obtain any cash tax benefit associated with shares
exercised during the year ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 as the
Company&#146;s taxable income has been offset by net operating loss carry forwards
and foreign tax credits. Cash proceeds received from option exercises during
the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 were $1 million, $7
million and $3 million, respectively. 

 The
Company has an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
This plan permits eligible employees to annually elect to have up to 10%
of their compensation withheld for the purchase of shares of the Company&#146;s
common stock at 85% of the average of the high and low sale prices on the date
of purchase, up to a maximum of twenty five thousand dollars. As of December 31, 2008, 0.8 million
shares of common stock are available for future issuance under this plan. 

 15) PENSION
AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT PLANS 

 The Company has several defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans covering substantially all of its domestic employees and certain international employees. Benefits under the defined benefit plans are primarily based on the employees&#146; years of service and compensation during employment. Effective January 1, 2006, the Company eliminated future earnings benefits to participants of its domestic defined benefit plans for non-bargained employees. All active non-bargained employees would subsequently earn benefits under defined contribution plans for all service incurred on or after January 1, 2006. The Company&#146;s funding policy for the defined benefit plans is based on contributions at the minimum annual amounts required by law plus such amounts as the Company may deem appropriate. Contributions for the defined contribution plans are determined as a percentage of the covered employee&#146;s salary. Plan assets consist of publicly traded securities and investments in commingled funds administered by independent investment advisors. 

 Employees
of international locations are covered by various pension benefit arrangements,
some of which are considered to be defined benefit plans for financial
reporting purposes. Assets of these
plans are comprised primarily of publicly traded securities, fixed-income
investments and insurance contracts. 
Benefits under these plans are primarily based upon levels of
compensation. Funding policies are based
on legal requirements, tax considerations and local practices. 

 93 

 Table of Contents 

 The
Company also provides health and life insurance benefits for certain retired
and active employees, their beneficiaries, and covered dependents for
substantially all of its domestic employees and certain international
employees. These plans are generally not
prefunded and are paid by the Company as incurred, except for certain inactive
government-related plans. 

 The Company adopted the balance sheet recognition provisions of Statement No. 158 as of December 31, 2006. The adoption of Statement No. 158 reduced stockholders&#146; equity at December 31, 2006 by $59 million, before tax ($40 million, net of taxes). The Company adopted the change to the December 31 measurement date (from November) in 2008 and adjusted beginning retained earnings by $1 million before tax ($1 million net of taxes) as of January 1, 2008 accordingly. 

 Benefit Obligations 

 Defined Benefit Pension Plans 

 Qualified 
 Domestic Plans 

 International and 
 Non-Qualified Plans 

 Post-Retirement 
 Health Care Plans 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 2008 

 2007 

 2008 

 2007 

 Change in projected benefit obligation: 

 Projected benefit obligation at beginning
 of year 

 $ 

 817 

 $ 

 832 

 $ 

 488 

 $ 

 524 

 $ 

 157 

 $ 

 172 

 Effect of change in asset measurement date 

 (1 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Service cost 

 1 

 1 

 4 

 7 

 1 

 1 

 Interest cost 

 49 

 46 

 25 

 25 

 9 

 9 

 Plan participants&#146; contributions 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1 

 2 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Actuarial (gains) losses 

 19 

 &#151; 

 (21 

 ) 

 (73 

 ) 

 6 

 (9 

 ) 

 Foreign currency exchange rate 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (97 

 ) 

 28 

 (4 

 ) 

 3 

 Acquisitions 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (1 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Benefits paid 

 (59 

 ) 

 (62 

 ) 

 (21 

 ) 

 (21 

 ) 

 (14 

 ) 

 (19 

 ) 

 Curtailments 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (6 

 )(a) 

 (1 

 )(a) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Settlements 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (9 

 )(b) 

 (2 

 )(b) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Projected benefit obligation at end of year 

 $ 

 826 

 $ 

 817 

 $ 

 365 

 $ 

 488 

 $ 

 155 

 $ 

 157 

 Accumulated benefit obligation at end of
 year 

 $ 

 824 

 $ 

 815 

 $ 

 355 

 $ 

 450 

 Weighted-average year-end assumptions 

 used to determine benefit obligations: 

 Discount rate 

 6.00 

 % 

 6.00 

 % 

 5.82 

 % 

 5.54 

 % 

 6.01 

 % 

 5.91 

 % 

 Rate of compensation increase 

 4.00 

 % 

 4.00 

 % 

 3.17 

 % 

 3.44 

 % 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered
 health care benefits 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 7.64 

 % 

 8.24 

 % 

 (a) A curtailment for international non-qualified
plans was incurred due to the elimination of future benefit accruals for plans. 

 (b) Settlements
are related to the impact of the Company&#146;s restructuring programs on affected
employees. 

 A 7.64%
weighted-average rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered health care
benefits was assumed for the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation as
of December 31, 2008. The rate was
assumed to decrease gradually to a weighted average rate of 5.00% over
approximately the next 6 to ten years. 
Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the
post-retirement benefit obligation reported for the health care plans. A one percentage point increase in assumed
health care cost trend rates would increase the accumulated post-retirement
benefit obligation by $8 million for health care benefits as of December 31,
2008. A one percentage point decrease in
assumed health care cost trend rates would decrease the accumulated
post-retirement benefit obligation by $7 million for health care benefits as of
December 31, 2008. 

 94 

 Table of Contents 

 Plan Assets 

 Defined Benefit Pension Plans 

 Qualified 

 International and 

 Post-Retirement 

 Domestic Plans 

 Non-Qualified Plans 

 Health Care Plans 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 2008 

 2007 

 2008 

 2007 

 Change in plan assets: 

 Fair value of plan assets at beginning of
 year 

 $ 

 773 

 $ 

 785 

 $ 

 297 

 $ 

 276 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 Effect of change in asset measurement date 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 9 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Actual return on plan assets 

 (90 

 ) 

 48 

 (44 

 ) 

 17 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Foreign currency exchange rate changes 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (69 

 ) 

 12 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Employer contributions 

 6 

 2 

 22 

 15 

 14 

 19 

 Plan participants&#146; contributions 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1 

 2 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Acquisitions 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (1 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Benefits paid 

 (59 

 ) 

 (62 

 ) 

 (21 

 ) 

 (21 

 ) 

 (14 

 ) 

 (19 

 ) 

 Settlements 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (9 

 ) (a) 

 (2 

 )(a) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Administrative Expenses 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (1 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

 $ 

 630 

 $ 

 773 

 $ 

 186 

 $ 

 297 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 (a) Settlements are primarily related to the impact of the Company&#146;s
restructuring programs on affected employees. 

 The asset allocation for the Company&#146;s pension plans at the end of 2008
and 2007 and the target allocation for 2009 by asset category are as follows: 

 Target Allocation - 2009 

 International 

 Qualified 

 and 

 Percentage of Plan Assets 

 Domestic 

 Non-Qualified 

 Qualified Domestic Plans 

 International and Non-Qualified Plans 

 Asset
 Category: 

 Plans 

 Plans 

 December
 31, 2008 

 November
 30, 2007 

 December
 31, 2008 

 November
 30, 2007 

 Equity securities 

 50 

 % 

 62 

 % 

 40 

 % 

 57 

 % 

 60 

 % 

 63 

 % 

 Fixed income
 securities 

 45 

 % 

 35 

 % 

 54 

 % 

 36 

 % 

 37 

 % 

 35 

 % 

 Real estate 

 5 

 % 

 &#151; 

 4 

 % 

 6 

 % 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Other 

 &#151; 

 3 

 % 

 2 

 % 

 1 

 % 

 3 

 % 

 2 

 % 

 Total 

 100 

 % 

 100 

 % 

 100 

 % 

 100 

 % 

 100 

 % 

 100 

 % 

 Equity securities include Chemtura&#146;s common stock in the amounts of $7
million as of December 31, 2008 and $30 million as of November 30,
2007. 

 The Company&#146;s pension plan assets are managed by outside investment
managers. Assets are monitored monthly
to ensure they are within the range of parameters as set forth by the
Company. The Company&#146;s investment
strategy with respect to pension assets is to achieve the expected rate of
return within an acceptable or appropriate level of risk. The Company&#146;s investment strategy is designed
to promote diversification, to moderate volatility and to attempt to balance
the expected return with risk levels. 

 95 

 Table of Contents 

 Funded Status 

 The
funded status at the end of the year, and the related amounts recognized on the
statement of financial position, are as follows: 

 Defined Benefit Pension Plans 

 Qualified 

 International and 

 Post-Retirement 

 Domestic Plans 

 Non-Qualified Plans 

 Health Care Plans 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 2008 

 2007 

 2008 

 2007 

 Funded status, end of year: 

 Fair value of plan assets 

 $ 

 630 

 $ 

 773 

 $ 

 186 

 $ 

 297 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 Benefit obligations 

 826 

 817 

 366 

 488 

 155 

 157 

 Funded status 

 (196 

 ) 

 (44 

 ) 

 (180 

 ) 

 (191 

 ) 

 (155 

 ) 

 (157 

 ) 

 Employer contributions after measurement
 date 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 9 

 &#151; 

 1 

 Net amount recognized 

 $ 

 (196 

 ) 

 $ 

 (44 

 ) 

 $ 

 (180 

 ) 

 $ 

 (182 

 ) 

 $ 

 (155 

 ) 

 $ 

 (156 

 ) 

 Amounts recognized in the statement of
 financial position at the end of year consist of: 

 Noncurrent assets 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Current liability 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (9 

 ) 

 (9 

 ) 

 (13 

 ) 

 (13 

 ) 

 Noncurrent liability 

 (196 

 ) 

 (44 

 ) 

 (172 

 ) 

 (174 

 ) 

 (142 

 ) 

 (143 

 ) 

 Net amount recognized 

 $ 

 (196 

 ) 

 $ 

 (44 

 ) 

 $ 

 (180 

 ) 

 $ 

 (182 

 ) 

 $ 

 (155 

 ) 

 $ 

 (156 

 ) 

 Amounts recognized in accumulated other
 comprehensive loss consist of: 

 Net actuarial loss/(gain) 

 $ 

 288 

 $ 

 121 

 $ 

 54 

 $ 

 17 

 $ 

 44 

 $ 

 40 

 Prior service cost/(credit) 

 2 

 1 

 &#151; 

 1 

 (39 

 ) 

 (42 

 ) 

 Transition obligation/(asset) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Other 

 &#151; 

 (1 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 290 

 $ 

 121 

 $ 

 54 

 $ 

 19 

 $ 

 5 

 $ 

 (2 

 ) 

 The
estimated amounts that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive
income into net periodic benefit cost in 2009 are as follows: 

 (In millions) 

 Qualified 
 Domestic 
 Plans 

 International 
 and Non- 
 Qualified 
 Plans 

 Post- 
 Retirement 
 Health Care 
 Plans 

 Actuarial (gain)/loss 

 $ 

 10 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 2 

 Prior service (credit)/cost 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (3 

 ) 

 Total 

 $ 

 10 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 (1 

 ) 

 The
Company&#146;s non-current assets, prepaid benefit costs and intangible assets are
included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. SFAS 158 requires the recognition of both
current and non-current liability positions. 
The current positions are included in accrued expenses on the Company&#146;s
consolidated balance sheets and the non-current positions are shown as pension
and post-retirement health care liabilities. 

 The
Company made a discretionary contribution of $6 million to its domestic
qualified pension plans in 2008. The Company&#146;s funding assumptions for its
domestic pension plans assume no significant change with regards to
demographics, legislation, plan provisions, or actuarial assumptions or methods
to determine the estimated funding requirements. The Pension Protection Act,
which was passed in 2006, extends interest rate relief for qualified domestic
pension plans until 2008, at which time a new methodology for determining
required funding amounts will be phased in. 
The Company contributed approximately $20 million to its international
pension and post retirement plans in 2008. 
There were no discretionary payments for the international plans during
2008. 

 96 

 Table
of Contents 

 The
projected benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for pension and
post-retirement plans with a projected benefit obligation in excess of plan
assets at December 31, 2008 and 2007 were as follows: 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 Projected benefit obligation in excess of
 plan assets at end of year: 

 Projected benefit obligation 

 $ 

 1,339 

 $ 

 1,444 

 Fair value of plan assets 

 808 

 1,052 

 The
projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of
plan assets for pension and post-retirement plans with an accumulated benefit
obligation in excess of plan assets at December 31, 2008 and 2007 were as
follows: 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 Accumulated benefit obligation in excess of
 plan assets at end of year: 

 Projected benefit obligation 

 $ 

 1,179 

 $ 

 1,285 

 Accumulated benefit obligation 

 1,167 

 1,245 

 Fair value of plan assets 

 803 

 1,049 

 Expected
Cash Flows 

 Information
about the expected cash flows for the domestic qualified defined benefit plans,
international and non-qualified defined benefit plans and post-retirement
health care plans follows: 

 Defined Benefit Pension Plans 

 (in millions) 

 Qualified 
 Domestic Plans 

 International and 
 Non-Qualified 
 Plans 

 Post-Retirement 
 Health Care 
 Plans 

 Expected Employer Contributions: 

 2009 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 17 

 $ 

 13 

 Expected Benefit Payments (a): 

 2009 

 58 

 19 

 13 

 2010 

 57 

 18 

 13 

 2011 

 57 

 19 

 12 

 2012 

 58 

 21 

 11 

 2013 

 58 

 23 

 11 

 2014-2018 

 294 

 140 

 47 

 (a) The expected benefit payments are
based on the same assumptions used to measure the Company&#146;s benefit obligation
at the end of the year and include benefits attributable to estimated future
employee service. 

 Net
Periodic Cost 

 Defined Benefit Pension Plans 

 Qualified 

 International and 

 Post-Retirement 

 Domestic Plans 

 Non-Qualified Plans 

 Health Care Plans 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 Components of net
 periodic benefit cost (credit): 

 Service cost 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 4 

 $ 

 7 

 $ 

 6 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 1 

 Interest cost 

 49 

 46 

 46 

 25 

 25 

 22 

 9 

 9 

 9 

 Expected return
 on plan assets 

 (63 

 ) 

 (62 

 ) 

 (58 

 ) 

 (21 

 ) 

 (20 

 ) 

 (15 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Amortization of
 prior service cost 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (3 

 ) 

 Recognized
 actuarial (gains) losses 

 7 

 7 

 4 

 1 

 4 

 3 

 2 

 2 

 2 

 Curtailment
 (gain) loss recognized 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (6 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (3 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 Settlement (gain)
 loss recognized 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2 

 &#151; 

 (1 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Other 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Net periodic
 benefit cost (credit) 

 $ 

 (6 

 ) 

 $ 

 (8 

 ) 

 $ 

 (7 

 ) 

 $ 

 6 

 $ 

 16 

 $ 

 15 

 $ 

 9 

 $ 

 9 

 $ 

 8 

 97 

 Table of Contents 

 Defined Benefit Plans 

 Qualified 

 International and 

 Post-Retirement 

 Domestic Plans 

 Non-Qualified Plans 

 Health Care Plans 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 Weighted-average
 assumptions used to determine net cost: 

 Discount rate 

 6.00 

 % 

 5.63 

 % 

 5.75 

 % 

 5.46 

 % 

 4.68 

 % 

 4.92 

 % 

 5.87 

 % 

 5.46 

 % 

 5.84 

 % 

 Expected return
 on plan assets 

 8.50 

 % 

 8.50 

 % 

 8.50 

 % 

 7.50 

 % 

 7.36 

 % 

 6.70 

 % 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Rate of
 compensation increase 

 4.00 

 % 

 4.00 

 % 

 4.00 

 % 

 3.22 

 % 

 3.08 

 % 

 3.32 

 % 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 The
expected return on pension plan assets is based on our investment strategy,
historical experience, and our expectations for long term rates of return. The Company determines the long-term rate of
return assumptions for the domestic and international pension plans based on
its investment allocation between various asset classes. The expected rate of return on plan assets is
derived by applying the expected returns on various asset classes to the
Company&#146;s target asset allocation. The
expected returns are based on the expected performance of the various asset
classes and are further supported by historical investment returns. The Company
utilized a weighted average expected long-term rate of 8.5% on all domestic
assets and a weighted average rate of 7.50% for the international plan assets
for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

 Assumed
health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the service and
interest cost components reported for the health care plans. A one percentage
point increase in assumed health care cost trend rates increases the service
and interest cost components of net periodic post-retirement health care
benefit cost by $1 million for 2008. A one
percentage point decrease in assumed health care cost trend rates decreases the
service and interest cost components of net periodic post-retirement health
care benefit cost by less than $1 million for 2008. 

 The
Company&#146;s cost of its defined contribution plans was $18 million for 2008, 2007
and 2006, respectively. 

 16) DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES 

 The
Company&#146;s activities expose its earnings, cash flows and financial position to
a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency
exchange rates, interest rates and energy prices. The Company maintains a risk management
strategy that uses derivative instruments to mitigate risk against foreign
currency movements and to manage energy price volatility. In accordance with FASB Statement No. 133,
&#147;Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities,&#148; FASB Statement No. 138,
&#147;Accounting for Certain Derivative Instruments and Certain Hedging Activities&#148;
and FASB Statement No. 149, &#147;Amendment of Statement No. 133 on
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities,&#148; the Company recognizes in accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) (&#147;AOCI&#148;) any changes in the fair value of all
derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments that are highly
effective. The Company does not enter
into derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 

 The
Company uses price swap contracts as cash flow hedges to convert a portion of
its forecasted natural gas purchases from variable price to fixed price purchases. These contracts were designated as hedges of
a portion of the Company&#146;s forecasted natural gas purchases, and these
contracts involve the exchange of payments over the life of the contracts
without an exchange of the notional amount upon which the payments are
based. The differential paid or received
as natural gas prices change is reported in AOCI. These amounts are subsequently reclassified
into cost of goods sold when the related inventory layer is sold. At December 31, 2008, the Company had outstanding
price swaps with an aggregate notional amount of approximately $6 million,
based on the contract price and outstanding quantities of 910 million BTU&#146;s
(British Thermal Units) at December 31, 2008. At December 31, 2007, the Company had
outstanding price swaps with an aggregate notional amount of approximately $21
million, based on the contract price and outstanding quantities of 3,420
million BTU&#146;s at December 31, 2007. 
Based on the December 31, 2008 market prices of these natural gas
contracts, the Company expects to recognize a pre-tax loss of approximately $2
million in 2009. 

 All
contracts have been entered into with major financial institutions. The risk associated with these transactions
is the cost of replacing these agreements at current market rates in the event
of default by the counterparties. 
Management believes the risk of incurring such losses is remote. In the fourth quarter of 2007, the Company
ceased the purchase of additional price swap contracts as a cash flow hedge of
forecasted natural gas purchases and established fixed price contracts with
physical delivery with its natural gas vendor. 
The existing price swap contracts mature through 2009. 

 98 

 Table
of Contents 

 The
Company has exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates resulting
from transactions entered into by the Company and its foreign subsidiaries in
currencies other than their local currency (primarily trade payables and
receivables). The Company is also
exposed to currency risk on intercompany transactions (including intercompany
loans). The Company manages these
transactional currency risks on a consolidated basis, which allows it to net
its exposure. The Company purchases
foreign currency forward contracts, primarily denominated in Euros, British
Pound Sterling, Canadian dollars, Mexican Pesos and Australian dollars to hedge
its transaction exposure. The aggregate
notional amount of these contracts at December 31, 2008 and 2007 was
approximately $520 million and $548 million, respectively. These contracts are
generally recognized in other income (expense), net to offset the impact of
valuing recorded foreign currency trade payables, receivables and intercompany
transactions. The Company has not
designated these derivatives as hedges, although it believes these instruments
reduce the Company&#146;s exposure to foreign currency risk. The net effect of the
realized and unrealized foreign currency gains and losses, including the
derivatives and the underlying transactions, resulted in a pre-tax gain of $25
million, a pre-tax gain of $11 million and a pre-tax loss of $9 million in
2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. 

 The
following table summarizes the gains/losses resulting from changes in the
market value of the Company&#146;s fair value and cash flow hedging instruments
during the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007: 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 Cash flow hedges (in accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss)): 

 Balance at beginning of year 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 7 

 Natural gas - net change in fair value, net
 of tax 

 (1 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 Natural gas - (loss) gain reclassified to
 earnings, net of tax 

 &#151; 

 (6 

 ) 

 Balance at end of year, net of tax 

 $ 

 (1 

 ) 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 17)
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

 Financial Instruments 

 The
carrying amounts for cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, other
current assets, accounts payable and other current liabilities approximate
their fair value because of the short-term maturities of these
instruments. The fair value of debt is
based primarily on quoted market values. 
For debt that has no quoted market value, the fair value is estimated by
discounting projected future cash flows using the Company&#146;s incremental
borrowing rate. The fair value of the
foreign currency forward contracts is the amount at which the contracts could
be settled based on current spot rates. 
The fair value of price swap contracts is the amount at which the
contracts could be settled based on independent quotes. 

 The
following table presents the carrying amounts and estimated fair values of
material financial instruments used by the Company in the normal course of its
business. 

 2008 

 2007 

 Carrying 

 Fair 

 Carrying 

 Fair 

 (In millions) 

 Amount 

 Value 

 Amount 

 Value 

 Total debt 

 $ 

 (1,204 

 ) 

 $ 

 (850 

 ) 

 $ 

 (1,063 

 ) 

 $ 

 (1,019 

 ) 

 Foreign currency forward contracts 

 $ 

 34 

 $ 

 34 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 Price swap contracts 

 $ 

 (2 

 ) 

 $ 

 (2 

 ) 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 99 

 Table of Contents 

 Fair Value Measurements 

 Effective
January 1, 2008, the Company adopted the provisions of FAS 157 with
respect to its financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value
within the financial statements on a recurring basis. FAS 157 specifies a hierarchy of valuation
techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are
observable or unobservable. Observable
inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while
unobservable inputs reflect the Company&#146;s market assumptions. The fair value hierarchy specified by FAS 157
is as follows: 

 &#183; Level 1 &#151; Quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets and liabilities. 

 &#183; Level 2 &#151; Quoted prices for similar assets
and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar
assets and liabilities in markets that are not active or other inputs that are
observable or can be corroborated by observable market date. 

 &#183; Level 3 &#151; Unobservable inputs that are
supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair
value of the assets and liabilities. 

 The
following table presents the Company&#146;s assets and liabilities that are measured
at fair value on a recurring basis. 

 2008 

 2007 

 (In millions) 

 Level 1 

 Level 2 

 Level 1 

 Level 2 

 Assets 

 Derivative instruments 

 (a) 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 58 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 4 

 Investments held in trust related to a nonqualified
 deferred compensation plan 

 (b) 

 1 

 &#151; 

 2 

 &#151; 

 Assets at fair value 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 58 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 4 

 Liabilities 

 Derivative instruments 

 (a) 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 26 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 4 

 Deferred compensation Liability 

 (b) 

 1 

 &#151; 

 2 

 &#151; 

 Liabilities at fair value 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 26 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 4 

 (a) Derivative instruments include
foreign currency forward contracts and commodity price swaps. These fair values were measured based upon quoted
prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets. 

 (b) Represents the deferral of
compensation, the Company&#146;s match and investment earnings related to the
Company&#146;s Supplemental Savings Plan. These securities are considered general
assets of the Company until distributed to the participant and are included in
other assets in the consolidated balance sheet. A corresponding liability is
included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. Quoted market
prices were used to determine fair values of the investments held in a trust
with a third-party brokerage firm. 

 18) ASSET
RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS 

 The
Company applies the provisions of FASB Statement No. 143, &#147;Accounting for
Asset Retirement Obligations,&#148; and FASB Interpretation No. 47, &#147;Accounting
for Conditional Asset Retirement Obligations,&#148; (&#147;FIN 47&#148;), which require
companies to make estimates regarding future events in order to record a
liability for asset retirement obligations in the period in which a legal
obligation is created. Such liabilities
are recorded at fair value, with an offsetting increase to the carrying value
of the related long-lived assets. The
fair value is estimated by discounting projected cash flows over the estimated
life of the assets using the Company&#146;s credit adjusted risk-free rate
applicable at the time the obligation is initially recorded. In future periods, the liability is accreted
to its present value and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life
of the related asset. The Company also
adjusts the liability for changes resulting from revisions to the timing or the
amount of the original estimate. Upon
retirement of the long-lived asset, the Company either settles the obligation
for its recorded amount or incurs a gain or loss. 

 100 

 Table of Contents 

 The
Company&#146;s asset retirement obligations include estimates for all asset
retirement obligations identified for its worldwide facilities. The Company&#146;s asset retirement obligations
are primarily the result of legal obligations for the removal of leasehold
improvements and restoration of premises to their original condition upon
termination of leases at approximately 33 facilities, legal obligations to
close approximately 96 brine supply, brine disposal, waste disposal, and
hazardous waste injection wells and the related pipelines at the end of their
useful lives, and decommissioning and decontamination obligations that are
legally required to be fulfilled upon closure of approximately 40 of the
Company&#146;s manufacturing facilities. 

 The
following is a summary of the change in the carrying amount of the asset
retirement obligations during 2008 and 2007, the net book value of assets
related to the asset retirement obligations at December 31, 2008 and 2007
and the related depreciation expense recorded in 2008 and 2007. 

 (In millions) 

 2008 

 2007 

 Asset retirement obligation balance at
 beginning of year 

 $ 

 26 

 $ 

 24 

 Liabilities assumed (includes purchase
 accounting adjustments) 

 2 

 1 

 Accretion expense &#151; cost of goods sold (a) 

 4 

 10 

 Payments 

 (8 

 ) 

 (10 

 ) 

 Foreign currency translation 

 (1 

 ) 

 1 

 Asset retirement obligation balance at end
 of year 

 $ 

 23 

 $ 

 26 

 Net book value of asset retirement
 obligation assets at end of year 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 1 

 Depreciation expense 

 $ 

 1 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 (a) The 2008 and 2007 accretion expense
includes $3 million and $7 million, respectively, due to the acceleration of
the recognition of the asset retirement obligations for several of the Company&#146;s
manufacturing facilities resulting from revisions to the estimated closure
dates. 

 At
December 31, 2008 and 2007, $7 million and $13 million, respectively, of
the asset retirement obligation balance was included in accrued expenses and
$16 million and $13 million, respectively, was included in other liabilities on
the consolidated balance sheets. 

 19) LEGAL MATTERS 

 Antitrust Investigations and Related Matters 

 Rubber
Chemicals 

 On
May 27, 2004, the Company pled guilty to a one-count information charging
the Company with participating in a combination and conspiracy to suppress and
eliminate competition by maintaining and increasing the price of certain rubber
chemicals sold in the United States and elsewhere during the period from July 1995
to December 2001. The U.S. federal court imposed a fine of $50 million,
payable in six annual installments, without interest, beginning in 2004. In
light of the Company&#146;s cooperation with the U.S. Department of Justice (the &#147;DOJ&#148;),
the court did not impose any period of corporate probation. On May 28,
2004, the Company pled guilty to one count of conspiring to lessen competition
unduly in the sale and marketing of certain rubber chemicals in Canada. The
Canadian federal court imposed a sentence requiring the Company to pay a fine
of CDN $9 million (approximately U.S. $7 million), payable in six annual
installments, without interest, beginning in 2004. The Company paid (in U.S.
dollars) $2 million in 2005, $7 million in 2006, $12 million in 2007 and $17
million in 2008. Remaining cash payments
for the US and Canadian fines are expected to be approximately $18 million in
2009. At December 31, 2008, a
reserve of $18 million was included in accrued expenses. At December 31, 2007, reserves of $17
million and $17 million were included in accrued expenses and other
liabilities, respectively. 

 101 

 Table of Contents 

 The
Company and certain of its subsidiaries were previously the subject of a
coordinated civil investigation by the European Commission (the &#147;EC&#148;) with
respect to the sale and marketing of rubber chemicals. On December 21,
2005, the Company announced that the EC imposed a fine of Euro 14 million
(approximately U.S. $16 million) on the Company in connection with the EC&#146;s
rubber chemicals investigation. The amount of the fine reflects the EC&#146;s
maximum leniency of a 50 percent reduction in the fine, resulting from the
Company&#146;s continual cooperation with the EC throughout its investigation. 
In December 2005, the Company recorded a pre-tax charge of $16 million for
the EC fine. The Company paid this fine in April 2006. At December 31,
2006, there were no remaining EC investigations of the Company with respect to
its sale and marketing of rubber chemicals. 

 European
Union (&#147;EU&#148;) Investigations 

 The
Company and certain of its subsidiaries are subjects of, and continue to
cooperate in, an investigation being conducted by the European Commission (the &#147;EC&#148;)
with respect to possible antitrust violations relating to the sale and
marketing of various classes of heat stabilizers. Such investigations concern
anticompetitive practices, including price fixing and customer or market
allocations, undertaken by the Company and such subsidiaries and certain of
their officers and employees. The
Company and its subsidiaries that are subject to the investigations have
received from the EC written assurances of conditional amnesty with respect to
certain classes of heat stabilizers. The assurances of amnesty are conditioned
upon several factors, including continued cooperation with the EC. The Company is actively cooperating with the
EC regarding the heat stabilizer investigation. 

 Civil
Lawsuits 

 The
actions described below under &#147;U.S. Civil Antitrust Actions&#148; are in various
procedural stages of litigation. Although the actions described below have not
had a material adverse impact on the Company, we cannot predict the outcome of
any of those actions. The Company will seek cost-effective resolutions of the
various pending and threatened legal proceedings against the Company; however,
the resolution of any civil claims now pending or hereafter asserted against
the Company or any of its subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on
the Company&#146;s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
The Company has established reserves for all direct and indirect purchaser
claims as of December 31, 2008. 

 The
Company reviews its reserves for civil lawsuits on a quarterly basis. The
Company also adjusts its reserves quarterly to reflect its current best
estimates. 

 U.S.
Civil Antitrust Actions 

 Direct and Indirect Purchaser Lawsuits. The Company, individually or together with
its subsidiary Uniroyal Chemical Company, Inc., now merged into Chemtura
Corporation (referred to as &#147;Uniroyal&#148; for the purposes of the description of
the Company&#146;s lawsuits), and other companies, are defendants in various
proceedings filed in state and federal courts, described below. 

 Federal Lawsuits. The Company and certain of its
subsidiaries continues to be a defendant in two lawsuits pending in the federal
courts. One of these suits is a
Massachusetts indirect purchaser claim premised upon violations of state
law. The suit was originally filed in
Massachusetts state court in May 2005 as an indirect purchaser action, and
was subsequently removed to the United States District Court, District of
Massachusetts. The complaint initially
related to purchases of any product containing rubber and urethane products,
defined to include EPDM, nitrile rubber and urethanes, but is now limited to
urethanes only. On September 12,
2008, the Company received final court approval of a settlement agreement
covering this action. The other suit,
described separately below under the sub-heading &#147;Bandag&#148; was originally filed
as a direct purchaser suit on June 29, 2006 in the United States District
Court, Middle District of Tennessee and was subsequently transferred to the
United States District Court, Northern District of California. In both of these actions, and in all actions
pending in state courts (further described below), the plaintiffs seek, among
other things, treble damages, costs (including attorneys&#146; fees) and injunctive
relief preventing further violations or the improper conduct alleged in the
complaint. Neither of these federal
suits is expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

 102 

 Table of Contents 

 Bandag. This suit was originally
brought by Bridgestone Americas Holding, Inc, Bridgestone Firestone North
American Tire, LLC, and Pirelli Tire, LLC (all of whom have since settled)
along with the remaining plaintiff, Bandag Incorporated (n/k/a/ Bridgestone
Bandag, LLC), with respect to purchases of rubber chemicals from the Company,
Uniroyal and several of the world-wide leading suppliers of rubber
chemicals. This suit alleges that the
Company and Uniroyal, along with other rubber chemical manufacturers conspired
to fix the prices of the rubber chemicals, and to divide the rubber chemicals
markets in violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act. Bandag Incorporated, a designer and
manufacturer of tire re-treading, directly purchased from the Company and from
the other defendants to this suit, and in doing so, claims to have paid
artificially inflated prices for rubber chemicals. Bandag has requested treble
damages, costs (including attorneys&#146; fees) and such other relief as the court
may deem appropriate. The Company has
agreed to utilize binding arbitration to try the claims at issue in this
action, which is scheduled for March 2009. 

 State Lawsuits. The Company, individually or together with Uniroyal, also continues to
be a defendant in certain indirect purchaser antitrust class action lawsuits
filed in state courts involving the sale of urethanes and urethane chemicals. The complaints in these actions principally
allege that the defendants conspired to fix, raise, maintain or stabilize
prices for urethanes and urethane chemicals, sold in the United States in
violation of certain antitrust statutes and consumer protection and unfair or
deceptive practices laws of the relevant jurisdictions and that this caused
injury to the plaintiffs who paid artificially inflated prices for such
products as a result of such alleged anticompetitive activities. There are currently 14 state complaints
pending. On September 12, 2008, the
Company received final court approval of a settlement agreement covering 2 of
these actions. In addition, on December 23,
2008, the Company received preliminary court approval of a settlement agreement
covering the remaining 12 complaints, all of which are pending in a coordinated
proceeding in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of
San Francisco. The Company has settled
and has had finally dismissed 8 indirect purchaser antitrust class action
lawsuits that were pending on January 1, 2008. None of these state lawsuits individually or
in the aggregate are expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

 Australian
Civil Antitrust Matters 

 On
September 27, 2007, the Company was sued in the Federal Court of Australia
for alleged price fixing violations with respect to the sale of rubber
chemicals in Australia. The Company has
not yet responded to the complaint, nor at this early stage, assessed its
merits. The applicant filed an amended
Statement of Claim on November 21, 2008. 
The Company&#146;s application to have the amended Statement of Claim struck
out is listed for hearing on February 23, 2009. The Company does not expect this matter will
be material. 

 Federal
Securities Class Action 

 The
Company, certain of its former officers and directors (the &#147;Crompton Individual
Defendants&#148;), and certain former directors of the Company&#146;s predecessor Witco
Corp. are defendants in a consolidated class action lawsuit, filed on July 20,
2004, in the United States District Court, District of Connecticut, brought by
plaintiffs on behalf of themselves and a class consisting of all purchasers or
acquirers of the Company&#146;s stock between October 1998 and October 2002.
The consolidated amended complaint principally alleges that the Company and the
Crompton Individual Defendants caused the Company to issue false and misleading
statements that violated the federal securities laws by reporting inflated
financial results resulting from an alleged illegal, undisclosed price-fixing
conspiracy. The putative class includes former Witco Corp. shareholders who
acquired their securities in the Crompton-Witco merger pursuant to a
registration statement that allegedly contained misstated financial results. The complaint asserts claims against the
Company and the Crompton Individual Defendants under Section 11 of the
Securities Act of 1933, Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. Plaintiffs also assert claims for control
person liability under Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 20
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 against the Crompton Individual
Defendants. The complaint also asserts claims for breach of fiduciary duty
against certain former directors of Witco Corp. for actions they allegedly took
as Witco Corp. directors in connection with the Crompton-Witco merger. The
plaintiffs seek, among other things, unspecified damages, interest, and
attorneys&#146; fees and costs. The Company and the Crompton Individual Defendants
filed a motion to dismiss on September 17, 2004, which is now fully
briefed and pending. The former directors of Witco Corp. filed a motion to
dismiss in February 2005, which is pending. On July 22, 2005, the
court granted a motion by the Company and the Crompton Individual Defendants to
stay discovery in the related Connecticut shareholder derivative lawsuit
(described below under &#147;Shareholder Derivative Lawsuit&#148;), pending resolution of
the motion to dismiss by the Company and Crompton Individual Defendants. On November 28, 2008, the parties signed
a settlement agreement. The court
granted preliminary approval of the settlement agreement on December 12,
2008 and scheduled a June 12, 2009 final approval hearing. Under the settlement, defendants will pay or
cause to be paid $21 million and deny any wrongdoing or liability. The settlement&#146;s terms are being finalized by
the parties. 

 103 

 Table of Contents 

 Shareholder
Derivative Lawsuit 

 Certain
current directors and one former director and officer of the Company (the &#147;Individual
Defendants&#148;) are defendants in a shareholder derivative lawsuit filed on August 25,
2003 in Connecticut state court, nominally brought on behalf of the Company.
The Company is a nominal defendant in the lawsuit. The plaintiff filed an
amended complaint on November 19, 2004. The amended complaint principally
alleges that the Individual Defendants breached their fiduciary duties by
causing or allowing the Company to issue false and misleading financial
statements by inflating financial results resulting from an alleged illegal,
undisclosed price-fixing conspiracy. The plaintiff contends that this wrongful
conduct caused the Company&#146;s financial results to be inflated, cost the Company
its credibility in the marketplace and market share, and has and will continue
to cost the Company millions of dollars in investigative and legal fees. The
plaintiff seeks, among other things, compensatory and punitive damages against
the director defendants in unspecified amounts, prejudgment interest, and
attorneys&#146; fees and costs. The Company filed a motion to strike all counts of
the complaint on January 12, 2005 for failure to allege adequately that a
pre-lawsuit demand on the Company&#146;s Board of Directors by the plaintiff would
have been futile and was thus excused. 
This motion was subsequently denied by the court. Discovery in this lawsuit has been stayed by
the United States District Court, District of Connecticut, pending resolution
of the motion to dismiss filed by Company&#146;s and the Crompton Individual
Defendants in the related consolidated securities class action lawsuit
described above under &#147;Federal Securities Class Action.&#148; On July 25, 2008, the plaintiff filed a
motion in the District of Connecticut seeking to lift the federal court&#146;s
discovery stay. 

 Reserves 

 At
December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, the Company had a remaining
reserve of $30 million and $43 million, respectively, included in accrued
expenses on its consolidated balance sheets relating to the remaining U.S.
direct and indirect purchaser lawsuits, the federal securities class action
lawsuit described under &#147;Federal Securities Class Action&#148; and the shareholder
derivative lawsuit described under &#147;Shareholder Derivative Lawsuit.&#148; These reserves cover all direct and indirect
purchaser antitrust claims. The Company
periodically reviews its accruals as additional information becomes available,
and may adjust its accruals based on actual settlement offers and other later
occurring events. The Company is unable
to estimate the reasonably possible loss, if any, in excess of the accrual as
none of these claims have been reduced to judgment. 

 104 

 Table of Contents 

 The
reserve activity for antitrust related litigation is summarized as follows: 

 Governmental
Reserves: 

 (In millions) 

 U.S. DOJ 
 Fines 

 Canada 
 Federal 
 Fines 

 Total U.S 
 and Canada 
 Fines 

 European 
 Commission 

 Balance January 1, 2006 

 $ 

 41 

 $ 

 6 

 $ 

 47 

 $ 

 16 

 Payments 

 (6 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 (7 

 ) 

 (17 

 ) 

 Accretion - Interest 

 2 

 1 

 3 

 &#151; 

 Foreign currency translation 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1 

 Balance December 31, 2006 

 37 

 6 

 43 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 Payments 

 (10 

 ) 

 (2 

 ) 

 (12 

 ) 

 Accretion - Interest 

 2 

 &#151; 

 2 

 Foreign currency translation 

 &#151; 

 1 

 1 

 Balance December 31, 2007 

 29 

 5 

 34 

 Payments 

 (14 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 (17 

 ) 

 Accretion - Interest 

 1 

 &#151; 

 1 

 Balance December 31, 2008 

 $ 

 16 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 18 

 Civil Case Reserves: 

 (In
 millions) 

 U.S.
 Civil 
 and 
 Securities 
 Matters 

 Canada
 Civil 
 Matters 

 Total
 Civil 
 and 
 Securities 
 Matters 

 Balance January 1, 2006 

 $ 

 51 

 $ 

 6 

 $ 

 57 

 2006 Antitrust costs, excluding legal fees 

 81 

 (2 

 ) 

 79 

 Payments 

 (30 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 (34 

 ) 

 Balance December 31, 2006 

 102 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 102 

 2007 Antitrust costs, excluding legal fees 

 24 

 24 

 Payments 

 (83 

 ) 

 (83 

 ) 

 Balance December 31, 2007 

 43 

 43 

 2008 Antitrust costs, excluding legal fees 

 7 

 7 

 Payments 

 (20 

 ) 

 (20 

 ) 

 Balance December 31, 2008 

 $ 

 30 

 $ 

 30 

 Other 

 The
Company is routinely subject to other civil claims, litigation and arbitration,
and regulatory investigations, arising in the ordinary course of its present
business, as well as in respect of its divested businesses. Some of these
claims and litigations relate to product liability claims, including claims
related to the Company&#146;s current products and asbestos-related claims
concerning premises and historic products of its corporate affiliates and
predecessors. The Company believes that it has strong defenses to these claims.
These claims have not had a material impact on the Company to date and the
Company believes the likelihood that a future material adverse outcome will
result from these claims is remote. However, the Company cannot be certain that
an adverse outcome of one or more of these claims would not have a material
adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations, or cash
flows. 

 105 

 Table of Contents 

 20) CONTINGENCIES 

 Environmental
Matters 

 Each quarter, the Company evaluates and
reviews estimates for future remediation and other costs to determine
appropriate environmental reserve amounts. For each site where the cost of
remediation is probable and estimable, a determination is made of the specific
measures that are believed to be required to remediate the site, the estimated
total cost to carry out the remediation plan, the portion of the total
remediation costs to be borne by the Company and the anticipated time frame
over which payments toward the remediation plan will occur. At sites where the
Company expects to incur ongoing operation and maintenance expenditures, the
Company accrues on an undiscounted basis for a period, which is generally 10
years, where it believes that such costs are estimable. The total amount
accrued for such environmental liabilities at December 31, 2008 and 2007,
were $107 million and $118 million, respectively. At December 31,
2008 and 2007, environmental liabilities of $12 million and $27 million,
respectively, have been included in accrued expenses and $95 million and $91
million, respectively, have been included in other liabilities on the
consolidated balance sheets. The Company estimates the environmental
liability could range up to $146 million at December 31, 2008. The Company&#146;s
reserves include estimates for determinable clean-up costs. The Company
recorded a pre-tax charge of $5 million in 2008, $4 million in 2007 and $7
million in 2006 to increase its environmental liabilities. The Company made
payments of $15 million in 2008 and $30 million in 2007 for clean-up costs,
which reduced its environmental liabilities. At certain sites, the Company has
contractual agreements with certain other parties to share remediation costs. The
Company has a receivable of $12 million at December 31, 2008 to reflect
probable recoveries. At a number of these sites, the extent of contamination has
not yet been fully investigated or the final scope of remediation is not yet
determinable. The Company intends to assert all meritorious legal defenses and
will pursue other equitable factors that are available with respect to these
matters. However, the final cost of clean-up at these sites could exceed the
Company&#146;s present estimates, and could have, individually or in the aggregate,
a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. It is reasonably possible that the Company&#146;s
estimates for environmental remediation liabilities may change in the future
should additional sites be identified, further remediation measures be required
or undertaken, current laws and regulations be modified or additional environmental
laws and regulations be enacted. 

 The Company and some of its subsidiaries have
been identified by federal, state or local governmental agencies, and by other
potentially responsible parties (a &#147;PRP&#148;) under the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, or comparable
state statutes, as a PRP with respect to costs associated with waste disposal
sites at various locations in the United States. Because in certain
circumstances these laws have been construed to authorize joint and several
liability, the EPA could seek to recover all costs involving a waste disposal
site from any one of the PRPs for such site, including the Company, despite the
involvement of other PRPs. In many cases, the Company is one of several hundred
PRPs so identified. In a few instances, the Company is the sole or one of only
a handful of parties performing investigation and remediation. Where other
financially responsible PRPs are involved, the Company expects that any
ultimate liability resulting from such matters will be apportioned between the
Company and such other parties. In addition, the Company is involved with
environmental remediation and compliance activities at some of its current and
former sites in the United States and abroad. 

 Conyers - C lean Air Act Investigation &#150; The U.S.
EPA is investigating alleged violations of law by the Company arising out of
the General Duty Clause of the Clean Air Act, the emergency release
notification requirements of the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act and/or the Emergency Planning and Community
Right to Know Act, and the Clean Water Act and is seeking a penalty and other
relief in excess of one hundred thousand dollars. The Company intends to assert
all meritorious legal defenses and will continue to assess relevant facts and
attempt to negotiate an acceptable settlement with the EPA. The Company does
not believe that the resolution of this matter will have a material adverse
effect on the Company&#146;s financial condition. 

 Petrolia - In April 2004,
the Company and other owners of property near our former Petrolia, Pennsylvania
facility were named as defendants in a toxic tort class action lawsuit alleging
contamination in and around the named areas that gave rise to certain property
damage and personal injuries. The plaintiffs also sought clean-up by the
defendants of the alleged contamination. On October 18, 2005, the Court
issued its Memorandum Opinion and Order denying the plaintiffs&#146; motion for
class certification, and on August 2, 2006, the Pennsylvania Superior
Court affirmed the lower court&#146;s opinion. Multiple lawsuits were filed
against the Company by individuals who were a part of the putative class. In
2008, the Company settled with the plaintiffs in the aggregate of approximately
$50,000. 

 106 

 Table of Contents 

 Legal
Proceedings 

 Tricor &#150; This case involves two related properties
in Bakersfield, California; the Oildale Refinery (&#147;the Refinery&#148;) and the Mt.
Poso Tank Farm (&#147;Mt. Poso&#148;). The Refinery and Mt. Poso were previously owned
and operated by a division of Witco Corp., a predecessor of the Company. In
1997, the Refinery and portions of Mt. Poso was sold to Golden Bear Acquisition
Corp. Under the terms of sale, Witco retained certain environmental obligations
with respect to the Refinery and Mt. Poso. Golden Bear operated the refinery
for several years before filing bankruptcy in 2001. Tricor Refining LLC (&#147;Tricor&#148;)
purchased the Refinery and related assets out of bankruptcy. In 2004, Tricor
commenced an action against the Company alleging that the Company failed to
comply with its environmental obligations. 

 In July 2007,
the California Superior Court, Kern County, entered an order finding liability
against the Company. A second phase of the trial, which will determine the
damages to which Tricor may be entitled, began in November 2008 and is
scheduled to be completed in March 2009. The Court will render its
decision on damages sometime thereafter. The Company will continue to defend
this case vigorously. The Company does not believe that the resolution of this
matter will have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s financial
condition. 

 Conyers 
- The Company and certain of its former officers and employees were named as
defendants in five putative state class action lawsuits filed in three counties
in Georgia and one putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Georgia pertaining to the fire at
the Company&#146;s Conyers, Georgia warehouse on May 25, 2004. Of the five
putative state class actions, two were voluntarily dismissed by the plaintiffs,
leaving three such lawsuits, all of which are now pending in the Superior Court
of Rockdale County, Georgia. These remaining putative state class actions, as
well as the putative class action pending in federal district court, seek
recovery for economic and non-economic damages allegedly arising from the fire.
Punitive damages are sought in the Davis case in Rockdale County, Georgia and
in the Martin case in the United States District Court for the Northern
District of Georgia. The Martin case also seeks a declaratory judgment to
reform certain settlements, as well as medical monitoring and injunctive
relief. The Company intends to vigorously defend against these lawsuits. 

 The Company was also
named as a defendant in fifteen lawsuits filed by individual or multi-party
plaintiffs in the Georgia and Federal courts pertaining to the May 25,
2004 fire at its Conyers, Georgia warehouse. Eight of these lawsuits
remain. The plaintiffs in these remaining lawsuits seek recovery for
economic and non-economic damages, including punitive damages in five of the
eight remaining lawsuits. One of the lawsuits, the Diana Smith case, was
filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia
against the Company, as well as the City of Conyers and Rockdale County, and
included allegations similar to those in the other lawsuits noted above, but
adding claims for alleged civil rights violations, federal Occupational Safety
and Health Administration violations, Georgia Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organizations Act violations, criminal negligence, reckless endangerment, false
imprisonment, and kidnapping, among other claims. The federal law claims were
dismissed with prejudice and the state law claims were dismissed without
prejudice. The Court has also dismissed without prejudice the plaintiffs&#146;
claims against the City of Conyers and Rockdale County. The Diana Smith case
was subsequently refiled. In 2008, the Company moved to dismiss certain of the
refiled claims. The court granted the Company&#146;s motion in March of 2008. Plaintiffs
have appealed the dismissal of these claims. The remainder of plaintiffs claims
are proceeding. The Company intends to vigorously defend against these
lawsuits. 

 Within one day of the
fire, the Company established a claims office to resolve all legitimate
economic and personal injury claims in the Rockdale County, Georgia area. 
The Company still maintains a claims center, and continues to negotiate the
settlement of claims whether submitted through the claims center. 

 At the time of the
fire, the Company maintained, and continues to maintain, property and general
liability insurance. The Company believes that its general liability
policies will adequately cover any third party claims and legal and processing
fees in excess of the amounts that were recorded through December 31,
2008. 

 107 

 Table of Contents 

 Albemarle
Corporation - In May 2002, Albemarle Corporation
filed two complaints against the Company in the United States District Court
for the Middle District of Louisiana, one alleging that the Company infringed
three process patents held by Albemarle Corporation relating to bromine vacuum
tower technology, and the other alleging that the Company infringed or
contributed to or induced the infringement of a patent relating to the use of
decabromodiphenyl ethane as a flame retardant in thermoplastics. On a motion by
the Company and over Albemarle&#146;s objection, the cases were consolidated. In
addition, the Company filed a counterclaim with the District Court in the flame
retardant cases, alleging, among other things, that the Albemarle patent is
invalid or was obtained as a result of inequitable conduct from the United
States Patent and Trademark Office. In March 2004, Albemarle amended its
consolidated complaint to add additional counts of patent infringement and
trade secret violations. The Company believes that the allegations of Albemarle
in the consolidated complaint, as well as the allegations in the additional
counts, are without basis, factually or legally, and intends to defend the case
vigorously. On October 25, 2005, Albemarle filed a complaint against
Chemtura Corporation and Great Lakes Chemical Corporation in the United States
District Court for the Middle District of Louisiana alleging that Chemtura and
Great Lakes infringed a recently granted U.S. patent held by Albemarle relating
to a decabromodiphenyl ethane &#147;wet cake&#148; intermediate product. The
Company believes that the allegations of the complaint are without basis,
factually or legally, and intends to defend the case vigorously. 

 OSCA &#150; Great Lakes
previously held interests in OSCA, Inc., which interests were divested to
BJ Services Company in May 2002. OSCA is a party to certain pending
litigation regarding a blowout of a well in the Gulf of Mexico operated by
Newfield Exploration Company. In the lawsuit, the plaintiffs claimed that OSCA
and the other defendants breached their contracts to perform work-over operations
on the well and were negligent in performing those operations. Pursuant to an
indemnification agreement between Great Lakes and BJ Services entered into at
the time of the sale of OSCA, Great Lakes agreed to remain responsible for 75%
of any uninsured liability and costs in excess of $3 million incurred by OSCA
upon settlement or final determination of this pending litigation. In April 2002,
a jury found OSCA and the other defendants responsible for those claims and
determined OSCA&#146;s share of the damages. In connection with the lawsuit, OSCA
asserted claims against its insurers and insurance brokers in support of
insurance coverage for this incident. Following a related trial on these
insurance coverage claims, the court issued its final judgments on the
underlying liability claims and the insurance coverage claims, entering
judgment against OSCA for a net amount of approximately $13 million plus
interest and finding that such amount was not covered by insurance. The Company
and BJ Services appealed certain of the liability and insurance coverage
decisions. In April 2006, the United States Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals
affirmed the jury&#146;s verdict on liability against OSCA, but reversed in part the
District Court&#146;s decision regarding insurance coverage available to OSCA and
remanded the matter to the District Court. After the case was remanded,
OSCA&#146;s insurer agreed to provide coverage for about half of the outstanding
judgment against OSCA, leaving approximately $6 million at issue for the
District Court to address on remand. Thereafter, the parties filed cross
motions for summary judgment with the District Court on the remaining coverage
issues. On September 30, 2007, the District Court granted summary judgment
in OSCA&#146;s favor on two out of the three remaining categories of costs in
dispute. This ruling requires AISLIC, OSCA&#146;s insurer to cover an additional $4
million (plus interest) of OSCA liability to Newfield, leaving approximately $2
million still at issue. On or about February 25, 2008, AISLIC agreed to
cover virtually all of the $2 million remaining at issue. On or about February 25,
2008, AISLIC agreed to cover virtually all of the $2 million remaining at issue
and agreed to pay a substantial portion of OSCA&#146;s attorney&#146;s fees and costs
associated with the underlying liability action. 

 Each quarter
the Company evaluates and reviews pending claims and litigation to determine
appropriate reserve amounts. As of December 31, 2008 and December 31,
2007 the Company&#146;s accruals for probable loss in the aforementioned legal
proceeding cases is immaterial. In addition, the related receivable to reflect
probable insurance recoveries is also immaterial. 

 The Company intends to
assert all meritorious legal defenses and will pursue other equitable factors
that are available with respect to these matters. The resolution of the legal
proceedings now pending or hereafter asserted against the Company or any of its
subsidiaries could require the Company to pay costs or damages in excess of its
present estimates, and as a result could, either individually or in the
aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

 In addition
to the matters referred to above, the Company is subject to routine litigation
in connection with the ordinary course of its business. These routine matters
have not had a material adverse effect on the Company, its business or
financial condition in the past, and the Company does not expect this
litigation, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect
on its business or its financial condition in the future, but it can give no
assurance that such will be the case. 

 108 

 Table of Contents 

 Guarantees 

 The Company has standby letters of credit and
guarantees with various financial institutions. At December 31, 2008 and December 31,
2007, the Company had $89 million and $101 million, respectively, of
outstanding letters of credit and guarantees primarily related to its
liabilities for environmental remediation, insurance obligations and European
value added tax (VAT) obligations. 

 The Company has applied the disclosure provisions of FASB Interpretation
No. 45 &#147;Guarantor&#146;s Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees,
Including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others&#148; (FIN 45) to its
agreements that contain guarantee or indemnification clauses. The Company is a
party to several agreements pursuant to which it may be obligated to indemnify
a third party with respect to certain loan obligations of joint venture
companies in which the Company has an equity interest. These obligations arose
to provide initial financing for a joint venture start-up, fund an acquisition
and provide project capital. Such obligations mature through August 2014. In
the event that any of the joint venture companies were to default on these loan
obligations, the Company would indemnify the other party up to its proportionate
share of the obligation based upon its ownership interest in the joint venture.
At December 31, 2008, the maximum potential future principal and interest
payments due under these guarantees were $20 million and $1 million,
respectively. In accordance with FIN 45, the Company has accrued $2 million in
reserves, which represents the probability weighted fair value of these
guarantees at December 31, 2008. The reserve has been included in
long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31,
2008 with an offset to the investment included in other assets. 

 The Company also has a customer guarantee, in
which the Company has contingently guaranteed certain debt obligations of one
of its customers. At December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, the
amount of this guarantee was $2 and $3 million, respectively. Based on past
experience and on the underlying circumstances, the Company does not expect to
have to perform under this guarantee. 

 At December 31, 2008, unconditional purchase obligations,
primarily for commitments to purchase raw materials and tolling arrangements
with outside vendors, amounted to $4 million (2009), $7 million (2010), $7
million (2011), $7 million (2012), $5 million (2013), $57 million (2014 and
thereafter) and $87 million in the aggregate. 

 In the ordinary course of business, the
Company enters into contractual arrangements under which the Company may agree
to indemnify a third party to such arrangement from any losses incurred
relating to the services they perform on behalf of the Company or for losses
arising from certain events as defined within the particular contract, which
may include, for example, litigation, claims or environmental matters relating
to the Company&#146;s past performance. For any losses that the Company believes are
probable and which are estimable, the Company has accrued for such amounts in
its consolidated balance sheets. 

 21)
BUSINESS SEGMENTS 

 Polymer Additives are chemical additives designed to improve the
performance of polymers in their end-use applications. Polymer Additives
products include antioxidants, brominated performance products, flame
retardants, fumigants, polymerization additives and intermediates, PVC
additives and surfactants. The products are sold across the entire value chain
ranging from direct sales to monomer producers, polymer manufacturers,
compounders and fabricators, fine chemical manufacturers and oilfield service
companies to industry distributors. 

 Performance Specialties are engineered chemical solutions. Performance
Specialties include petroleum additives that provide detergency, friction
modification and corrosion protection in motor oils, greases, refrigeration and
turbine lubricants; castable urethane prepolymers engineered to provide
superior abrasion resistance and durability in many industrial and recreational
applications; and polyurethane dispersions and urethane prepolymers used in
various types of coatings such as clear floor finishes, high-gloss paints and
textiles treatments. These products are sold directly to manufacturers and
through distribution channels. 

 Consumer Products are performance chemicals that are sold to consumers
for in-home and outdoor use. Consumer Products include recreational water
purification products sold under a variety of branded labels through local
dealers and large retailers to assist consumers in the maintenance of their
pools and spas and branded cleaners and degreasers sold primarily through mass
merchants to consumers for home cleaning. 

 109 

 Table of Contents 

 Crop Protection develops, supplies, registers and sells agricultural
chemicals formulated for specific crops in various geographic regions for the
purpose of enhancing quality and improving yields. The business focuses on
specific target markets in six major product lines: seed treatments,
fungicides, miticides, insecticides, growth regulants and herbicides. These
products are sold directly to growers and to major distributors in the
agricultural sector. 

 Other consists of the Company&#146;s non-core businesses. This category
includes certain rubber chemicals and industrial water additives. The Company&#146;s
industrial water additives business was sold in the second quarter of 2006, but
the Company continues to receive revenues under supply agreements with the
purchaser. 

 The Company evaluates a segment&#146;s performance based on several factors,
of which the primary factor is operating profit (loss). In computing operating
profit (loss) by segment, the following items are not included: (1) general
corporate expense; (2) amortization; (3) facility closures, severance
and related costs; (4) antitrust costs; (5) merger costs; (6) certain
accelerated depreciation; (7) loss on sale of business; and (8) impairment
of long-lived assets. Pursuant to FASB Statement No. 131, &#147;Disclosures
about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information,&#148; these items have been
excluded from the Company&#146;s presentation of segment operating profit because
they are not reported to the chief operating decision maker for purposes of
allocating resources among reporting segments or assessing segment performance.
The accounting policies of the reporting
segments are the same as those described in Note 1 - Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies included herein. 

 In the first quarter of 2008, the Company
revised the allocation methodologies of its functional and other expenses
between its business segments. The new methodology supports the recent Company
organizational changes to streamline decision making by providing each business
responsibility for its own production facilities, operational forecasting,
sourcing decisions, process excellence initiatives and technical development by
better aligning the functional and other expenses with the activities of the
business. These changes will drive a better understanding of the costs
attributable to each business segment and thereby segment profitability. 
The reallocation of expense between segments and the reduction in general
corporate expense has no impact on the consolidated results. The revised
allocation methodology has been applied to the business segment results for all
periods presented . 

 General corporate expense includes costs and expenses that are of a
general corporate nature or managed on a corporate basis, including
amortization expense. These costs are primarily for corporate administration
services, costs related to corporate headquarters and management compensation
plan expenses for executives and corporate managers. Facility closures,
severance and related costs are primarily for severance costs related to the
Company&#146;s 2008 and 2007 cost savings initiatives. The antitrust costs are
primarily for settlement offers and legal costs associated with antitrust
investigations and related civil lawsuits. Merger costs are non-capitalizable
costs associated with the merger of the Company and Great Lakes. The
accelerated depreciation is primarily due to the change in useful life of
certain fixed assets associated with the Company&#146;s restructuring programs and
divestitures. The loss on sale of businesses in 2008 is related primarily to
the oleochemical divestiture, the loss in 2007 is related primarily to the sale
of the Celogen&#174; product line and the
loss in 2006 is related primarily to the sale of the Company&#146;s Industrial Water
Additives (&#147;IWA&#148;) business. The impairment of long-lived assets includes an
impairment in 2008 related to reducing the carrying value of goodwill in the
Polymer Additives and Consumer Products segment. The impairment of long-lived
assets includes impairments in 2007 associated with the sale of the Company&#146;s
Marshall, Texas facility, the write-off of construction in progress associated
with certain facilities affected by the 2007 restructuring programs, the
reduction in the value of certain assets at the Company&#146;s Ravenna, Italy
facility and the write-off of construction in progress software costs that no
longer will be utilized. The impairment of long-lived assets in 2006 includes
impairments to goodwill, certain tangible and intangible assets of the fluorine
business and long-lived assets of the IWA business. Corporate assets are principally cash and cash equivalents, intangible
assets (including goodwill) and other assets (including deferred tax assets)
maintained for general corporate purposes. 

 110 

 Table of Contents 

 A summary of business data for the Company&#146;s
reportable segments for the years 2008, 2007 and 2006 is as follows: 

 Information by Business Segment 

 (In millions) 

 Net Sales 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 Polymer Additives 

 $ 

 1,580 

 $ 

 1,806 

 $ 

 1,712 

 Performance Specialies 

 999 

 911 

 670 

 Consumer Products 

 516 

 567 

 566 

 Crop Protection 

 394 

 352 

 311 

 Other 

 57 

 111 

 199 

 Net Sales 

 $ 

 3,546 

 $ 

 3,747 

 $ 

 3,458 

 Operating Profit (Loss) 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 Polymer Additives 

 $ 

 11 

 $ 

 62 

 $ 

 118 

 Performance Specialies 

 111 

 116 

 93 

 Consumer Products 

 50 

 62 

 56 

 Crop Protection 

 78 

 58 

 28 

 Other 

 1 

 (3 

 ) 

 11 

 Segment Operating Profit 

 251 

 295 

 306 

 General corporate expense 

 (54 

 ) 

 (51 

 ) 

 (39 

 ) 

 Amortization 

 (45 

 ) 

 (40 

 ) 

 (41 

 ) 

 Change in useful life of property, plant
 and equipment 

 (32 

 ) 

 (40 

 ) 

 (18 

 ) 

 Facility closures, severance and related
 costs 

 (26 

 ) 

 (36 

 ) 

 (5 

 ) 

 Antitrust costs 

 (12 

 ) 

 (35 

 ) 

 (90 

 ) 

 Merger costs 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (17 

 ) 

 Loss on sale of business 

 (25 

 ) 

 (15 

 ) 

 (11 

 ) 

 Impairment of long-lived assets 

 (986 

 ) 

 (19 

 ) 

 (80 

 ) 

 Total Operating (Loss) Profit 

 (929 

 ) 

 59 

 5 

 Interest expense 

 (78 

 ) 

 (87 

 ) 

 (102 

 ) 

 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (44 

 ) 

 Other income (expense), net 

 7 

 (13 

 ) 

 (6 

 ) 

 Loss from continuing operations before
 income taxes 

 $ 

 (1,000 

 ) 

 $ 

 (41 

 ) 

 $ 

 (147 

 ) 

 Depreciation and Amortization 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 Polymer Additives 

 $ 

 108 

 $ 

 123 

 $ 

 85 

 Performance Specialties 

 26 

 23 

 17 

 Consumer Products 

 11 

 13 

 11 

 Crop Protection 

 7 

 4 

 7 

 Other 

 1 

 4 

 5 

 153 

 167 

 125 

 Corporate 

 84 

 102 

 79 

 Total continuing operations 

 237 

 269 

 204 

 Discontinued operations 

 &#151; 

 6 

 10 

 $ 

 237 

 $ 

 275 

 $ 

 214 

 111 

 Table of Contents 

 Equity Income 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 Polymer Additives 

 $ 

 4 

 $ 

 3 

 $ 

 2 

 Performance Specialties 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1 

 Other 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1 

 $ 

 4 

 $ 

 3 

 $ 

 4 

 Segment
 Assets 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 Polymer Additives 

 $ 

 1,024 

 $ 

 1,123 

 $ 

 1,257 

 Performance Specialties 

 432 

 464 

 310 

 Consumer Products 

 270 

 292 

 303 

 Crop Protection 

 229 

 189 

 188 

 Other 

 21 

 50 

 42 

 1,976 

 2,118 

 2,100 

 Discontinued operations 

 &#151; 

 22 

 126 

 Corporate 

 1,088 

 2,276 

 2,173 

 $ 

 3,064 

 $ 

 4,416 

 $ 

 4,399 

 Capital
 Expenditures 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 Polymer Additives 

 $ 

 56 

 $ 

 72 

 $ 

 58 

 Performance Specialties 

 22 

 16 

 12 

 Consumer Products 

 6 

 7 

 10 

 Crop Protection 

 4 

 4 

 7 

 Other 

 1 

 3 

 7 

 89 

 102 

 94 

 Corporate 

 32 

 13 

 28 

 Total continuing operations 

 121 

 115 

 122 

 Discontinued operations 

 &#151; 

 2 

 6 

 $ 

 121 

 $ 

 117 

 $ 

 128 

 Equity
 Method Investments 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 Polymer Additives 

 $ 

 22 

 $ 

 17 

 $ 

 18 

 Performance Specialties 

 11 

 10 

 21 

 Crop Protection 

 2 

 2 

 &#151; 

 Other 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1 

 35 

 29 

 40 

 Corporate 

 2 

 4 

 15 

 $ 

 37 

 $ 

 33 

 $ 

 55 

 112 

 Table of Contents 

 Information by Geographic Area 

 (In thousands) 

 Sales are based on location of customer. 

 Sales 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 United States 

 $ 

 1,611 

 $ 

 1,878 

 $ 

 1,718 

 Canada 

 76 

 103 

 95 

 Latin America 

 190 

 158 

 167 

 Europe/Africa 

 1,141 

 1,103 

 956 

 Asia/Pacific 

 528 

 505 

 522 

 $ 

 3,546 

 $ 

 3,747 

 $ 

 3,458 

 Property, Plant and Equipment 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 United States 

 $ 

 529 

 $ 

 603 

 $ 

 683 

 Canada 

 53 

 63 

 55 

 Latin America 

 6 

 28 

 11 

 Europe/Africa 

 246 

 300 

 356 

 Asia/Pacific 

 28 

 38 

 42 

 $ 

 862 

 $ 

 1,032 

 $ 

 1,147 

 22) ADOPTION OF STAFF ACCOUNTING BULLETIN 108 

 The Company adopted the provisions of Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 108, &#147;Considering the Effects of Prior Year
Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements&#148;, (&#147;SAB 108&#148;) in the quarter
ended December 31, 2006. As a result of adopting SAB 108 and electing to
use the one-time transitional adjustment, the Company made an adjustment to the
opening balance of retained earnings for $12 million ($4 million net of tax). This
change in opening retained earnings represented an insignificant adjustment in
each period on the Company&#146;s Statement of Operations utilizing the rollover method . 

 Patent and Trademark Costs 

 The Company previously capitalized and
amortized patent and trademark costs associated with maintenance fees ($6
million) and did not reduce capitalized costs for patent or trademarks that
were abandoned ($8 million). These costs accumulated from the mid-1990&#146;s
through 2005 and totaled approximately $14 million ($9 million, net of tax) at December 31,
2005. The effect of these misstatements on the amount of depreciation and
amortization and SG&A reported by the Company for each period is noted in
the chart below. 

 Bond Discount 

 The Company previously amortized bond
discounts under the straight-line method. However, in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, these costs should have been amortized based on
the effective-interest rate method. The difference in the two amortization
methods yields only small differences in results under the rollover
method each year. However, the accumulation of these small amounts
over time can result in a more significant charge under the iron curtain method. From 1999 through 2005 the Company over
expensed $5 million ($3 million after tax) of interest under the straight-line
method of amortization. The effect of these misstatements on the amount of
interest expense reported by the Company for each period is noted in the chart
below. 

 Tax Credit 

 During the fourth quarter of 2006, the
Company determined that a deferred tax liability for a subsidiary in Brazil that
had been appropriately created in 2004, had not been correctly reversed during 2005
causing the deferred tax balance to become overstated at the end of 2005 by $3
million. The effect of this misstatement on the amount of tax expense reported
by the Company for 2005 is noted in the chart below. 

 Prior Year Inventory Adjustments 

 During the Company&#146;s review of balance sheet
accounts in 2006 the Company identified certain items related to the
capitalization of inventory costs related to years ending in 2001, 2004 and
2005. 

 113 

 Table of Contents 

 Intercompany Profit Elimination
Inventory 

 The Company identified $2 million ($1 million
net of tax) of costs related to intercompany profit in 2001 that had not been
properly eliminated from inventory. 

 Inventory in-Transit Adjustment 

 The Company identified $2 million ($2 million
net of tax) of costs associated with in-transit inventory that were not
properly deducted from inventory during 2004 and 2005. This item related to the
previous Great Lakes entity for the quarters in 2004 and the first half of 2005
and, therefore, had no impact on the statement of operations of the Company for
those periods as this was prior to the Great Lakes merger date. The effect of
these misstatements on cost of products sold reported by the Company for the
second half of 2005 represented $1 million ($1 million net of tax) with the
remaining $2 million ($1 million net of tax) increasing the goodwill associated
with the purchase of Great Lakes. 

 Summary 

 The following chart represents the effect of
these changes on line item classifications in the statement of operations for
each year the misstatement related to as well as the total effect to opening
retained earnings at January 1, 2006: 

 (In millions) 
 Increase/(decrease) 

 Cost of 
 Products 
 Sold 

 Depreciation 
 and 
 Amortization/ 
 SG&A 

 Interest 
 Expense 

 Tax 
 Expense 

 Net Effect to 
 Retained 
 Earnings at 
 1/1/2006 

 Years
 prior to 2004 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 11 

 $ 

 (3 

 ) 

 $ 

 (4 

 ) 

 $ 

 6 

 2004 

 &#151; 

 2 

 (1 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 1 

 2005 

 1 

 1 

 (1 

 ) 

 (4 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 Total 

 $ 

 3 

 $ 

 14 

 $ 

 (5 

 ) 

 $ 

 (8 

 ) 

 $ 

 4 

 23)
GUARANTOR CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL DATA 

 The Company&#146;s
obligations under its 2016 Notes are jointly and severally, fully and
unconditionally guaranteed by certain wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries of the
Company that guarantee the Company&#146;s $350 million credit facility. The Company&#146;s
subsidiaries that do not guarantee the 2016 Notes are referred to as the &#147;Non-Guarantor
Subsidiaries&#148;. The Guarantor Condensed Consolidating Financial Data presented
below presents the statements of operations, balance sheets and statements of
cash flow data: (i) for Chemtura Corporation (the &#147;Parent Company&#148;), the
Guarantor Subsidiaries and the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis (which is derived from Chemtura Corporation&#146;s historical reported
financial information); (ii) for the Parent Company, alone (accounting for
its Guarantor Subsidiaries and the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries on an equity
basis under which the investments are recorded by each entity owning a portion
of another entity at cost, adjusted for the applicable share of the subsidiary&#146;s
cumulative results of operations, capital contributions and distributions, and
other equity changes); (iii) for the Guarantor Subsidiaries alone; and (iv) for
the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries alone. 

 The Company
provided a similar subsidiary guarantee to its 2012 Notes and the 2010 Notes,
which were repurchased in May and July of 2006. 

 Chemtura
entered into supplemental indentures to each of the indentures governing the
2009 Notes and the 2026 Debentures as of July 1, 2005 whereby certain of
Chemtura Corporation&#146;s domestic subsidiaries each provided a subsidiary
guaranty to both the 2009 Notes and the 2026 Debentures. The Company also
entered into supplemental indentures as of July 1, 2005 to each of the
2010 Notes and the 2012 Notes such that they had the benefit of the same
subsidiary guarantors of the 2009 Notes and the 2026 Notes. These supplemental
indentures for the 2009 Notes and the 2026 Notes provided that the respective
subsidiary guarantees would be automatically and unconditionally released upon
the repayment or redemption of Chemtura&#146;s 2012 Notes and 2010 Notes. Since
there are no outstanding 2012 Notes or 2010 Notes, the 2009 Notes and the 2026
Debentures are not guaranteed by any of Chemtura&#146;s subsidiaries. 

 114 

 Table of Contents 

 Condensed
Consolidating Statement of Operations 

 Year ended
December 31, 2008 

 ( In millions ) 

 Non- 

 Parent 

 Guarantor 

 Guarantor 

 Consolidated 

 Eliminations 

 Company 

 Subsidiaries 

 Subsidiaries 

 Net sales 

 $ 

 3,546 

 $ 

 (1,356 

 ) 

 $ 

 1,277 

 $ 

 1,084 

 $ 

 2,541 

 Cost of products sold 

 2,810 

 (1,356 

 ) 

 1,125 

 852 

 2,189 

 Selling, general and administrative 

 332 

 &#151; 

 141 

 47 

 144 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 237 

 &#151; 

 97 

 73 

 67 

 Research and development 

 51 

 &#151; 

 17 

 10 

 24 

 Facility closures, severance and related
 costs 

 26 

 &#151; 

 7 

 2 

 17 

 Antitrust costs 

 12 

 &#151; 

 12 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Loss on sale of business 

 25 

 &#151; 

 25 

 1 

 (1 

 ) 

 Impairment of long-lived assets 

 986 

 &#151; 

 88 

 445 

 453 

 Equity income 

 (4 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (4 

 ) 

 Operating (loss) 

 (929 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (235 

 ) 

 (346 

 ) 

 (348 

 ) 

 Interest expense 

 (78 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (86 

 ) 

 (10 

 ) 

 18 

 Other income (expense), net 

 7 

 &#151; 

 (15 

 ) 

 (14 

 ) 

 36 

 Equity in net earnings (loss) of
 subsidiaries from
 continuing operations 

 &#151; 

 957 

 (671 

 ) 

 (286 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (Loss) earnings before income taxes 

 (1,000 

 ) 

 957 

 (1,007 

 ) 

 (656 

 ) 

 (294 

 ) 

 Income tax (expense) benefit 

 27 

 &#151; 

 34 

 44 

 (51 

 ) 

 Net (loss) 

 $ 

 (973 

 ) 

 $ 

 957 

 $ 

 (973 

 ) 

 $ 

 (612 

 ) 

 $ 

 (345 

 ) 

 Condensed
Consolidating Balance Sheet 

 as of December 31,
2008 

 ( In millions ) 

 Non- 

 Parent 

 Guarantor 

 Guarantor 

 Consolidated 

 Eliminations 

 Company 

 Subsidiaries 

 Subsidiaries 

 ASSETS 

 Current assets 

 $ 

 1,255 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 244 

 $ 

 207 

 $ 

 804 

 Intercompany receivables 

 &#151; 

 (5,516 

 ) 

 680 

 976 

 3,860 

 Investment in subsidiaries 

 &#151; 

 (12,636 

 ) 

 3,289 

 984 

 8,363 

 Property, plant and equipment 

 862 

 &#151; 

 221 

 302 

 339 

 Cost in excess of acquired net assets 

 265 

 &#151; 

 145 

 3 

 117 

 Other assets 

 682 

 &#151; 

 183 

 242 

 257 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 3,064 

 $ 

 (18,152 

 ) 

 $ 

 4,762 

 $ 

 2,714 

 $ 

 13,740 

 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&#146; EQUITY 

 Current liabilities 

 $ 

 1,813 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 1,057 

 $ 

 512 

 $ 

 244 

 Intercompany payables 

 &#151; 

 (5,502 

 ) 

 2,527 

 51 

 2,924 

 Long-term debt 

 23 

 &#151; 

 12 

 9 

 2 

 Other long-term liabilities 

 753 

 &#151; 

 416 

 60 

 277 

 Total liabilities 

 2,589 

 (5,502 

 ) 

 4,012 

 632 

 3,447 

 Stockholders&#146; equity 

 475 

 (12,650 

 ) 

 750 

 2,082 

 10,293 

 Total liabilities and stockholders&#146; equity 

 $ 

 3,064 

 $ 

 (18,152 

 ) 

 $ 

 4,762 

 $ 

 2,714 

 $ 

 13,740 

 115 

 Table of Contents 

 Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash
Flows 

 Year ended December 31, 2008 

 ( In millions ) 

 Non- 

 Parent 

 Guarantor 

 Guarantor 

 Increase
 (decrease) to cash 

 Consolidated 

 Eliminations 

 Company 

 Subsidiaries 

 Subsidiaries 

 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

 Net loss 

 $ 

 (973 

 ) 

 $ 

 957 

 $ 

 (973 

 ) 

 $ 

 (612 

 ) 

 $ 

 (345 

 ) 

 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by
 operations: 

 Loss on sale of business 

 25 

 &#151; 

 25 

 1 

 (1 

 ) 

 Impairment of long-lived assets 

 986 

 &#151; 

 88 

 445 

 453 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 237 

 &#151; 

 97 

 73 

 67 

 Stock-based compensation expense 

 5 

 &#151; 

 5 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Equity income 

 (4 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (4 

 ) 

 Changes in assets and liabilities, net 

 (287 

 ) 

 (957 

 ) 

 653 

 143 

 (126 

 ) 

 Net cash (used in) provided by operations 

 (11 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (105 

 ) 

 50 

 44 

 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

 Net proceeds from divestments 

 64 

 &#151; 

 34 

 27 

 3 

 Cash acquired in acquisitions, net of
 transaction costs
 paid 

 (41 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (15 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (26 

 ) 

 Capital expenditures 

 (121 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (43 

 ) 

 (47 

 ) 

 (31 

 ) 

 Net cash used in investing activities 

 (98 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (24 

 ) 

 (20 

 ) 

 (54 

 ) 

 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

 Proceeds from credit facility, net 

 180 

 &#151; 

 180 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Payments on long-term borrowings 

 (31 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (1 

 ) 

 (30 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 Dividends paid 

 (36 

 ) 

 (36 

 ) 

 Other financing activities 

 1 

 &#151; 

 1 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Net cash provided by (used in) financing
 activities 

 114 

 &#151; 

 144 

 (30 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 CASH 

 Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash
 equivalents 

 (14 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (14 

 ) 

 Change in cash and cash equivalents 

 (9 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 15 

 &#151; 

 (24 

 ) 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

 77 

 &#151; 

 6 

 2 

 69 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

 $ 

 68 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 21 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 45 

 116 

 Table
of Contents 

 Condensed Consolidating Statement of
Operations 

 Year ended December 31, 2007 

 ( In millions ) 

 Non- 

 Parent 

 Guarantor 

 Guarantor 

 Consolidated 

 Eliminations 

 Company 

 Subsidiaries 

 Subsidiaries 

 Net sales 

 $ 

 3,747 

 $ 

 (1,410 

 ) 

 $ 

 1,385 

 $ 

 1,134 

 $ 

 2,638 

 Cost of products sold 

 2,883 

 (1,410 

 ) 

 1,132 

 844 

 2,317 

 Selling, general and administrative 

 372 

 &#151; 

 126 

 92 

 154 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 269 

 &#151; 

 94 

 57 

 118 

 Research and development 

 62 

 &#151; 

 23 

 13 

 26 

 Facility closures, severance and related
 costs 

 36 

 &#151; 

 1 

 2 

 33 

 Antitrust costs 

 35 

 &#151; 

 35 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Loss on sale of business 

 15 

 &#151; 

 15 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Impairment of long-lived assets 

 19 

 &#151; 

 3 

 3 

 13 

 Equity income 

 (3 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (3 

 ) 

 Operating profit (loss) 

 59 

 &#151; 

 (44 

 ) 

 123 

 (20 

 ) 

 Interest expense 

 (87 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (82 

 ) 

 (19 

 ) 

 14 

 Other expense (income), net 

 (13 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (11 

 ) 

 (17 

 ) 

 15 

 Equity in net earnings (loss) of
 subsidiaries from continuing operations 

 &#151; 

 (10 

 ) 

 39 

 (29 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (Loss) earnings from continuing operations before
 income taxes 

 (41 

 ) 

 (10 

 ) 

 (98 

 ) 

 58 

 9 

 Income tax (expense) benefit 

 (4 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 92 

 (75 

 ) 

 (21 

 ) 

 (Loss) earnings from continuing operations 

 (45 

 ) 

 (10 

 ) 

 (6 

 ) 

 (17 

 ) 

 (12 

 ) 

 Earnings from discontinued operations 

 18 

 &#151; 

 3 

 9 

 6 

 Gain on sale of discontinued operations 

 24 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 17 

 7 

 Net (loss) earnings 

 $ 

 (3 

 ) 

 $ 

 (10 

 ) 

 $ 

 (3 

 ) 

 $ 

 9 

 $ 

 1 

 Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet 

 as of December 31, 2007 

 ( In millions ) 

 Non- 

 Parent 

 Guarantor 

 Guarantor 

 Consolidated 

 Eliminations 

 Company 

 Subsidiaries 

 Subsidiaries 

 ASSETS 

 Current assets 

 $ 

 1,381 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 302 

 $ 

 261 

 $ 

 818 

 Intercompany receivables 

 &#151; 

 (5,477 

 ) 

 603 

 902 

 3,972 

 Investment in subsidiaries 

 &#151; 

 (13,000 

 ) 

 3,288 

 1,402 

 8,310 

 Property, plant and equipment 

 1,032 

 &#151; 

 247 

 361 

 424 

 Cost in excess of acquired net assets 

 1,309 

 &#151; 

 148 

 512 

 649 

 Other assets 

 694 

 &#151; 

 100 

 314 

 280 

 Total assets 

 $ 

 4,416 

 $ 

 (18,477 

 ) 

 $ 

 4,688 

 $ 

 3,752 

 $ 

 14,453 

 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 Current liabilities 

 $ 

 681 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 197 

 $ 

 216 

 $ 

 268 

 Intercompany payables 

 &#151; 

 (5,558 

 ) 

 2,328 

 46 

 3,184 

 Long-term debt 

 1,058 

 &#151; 

 635 

 420 

 3 

 Other long-term liabilities 

 824 

 &#151; 

 249 

 260 

 315 

 Total liabilities 

 2,563 

 (5,558 

 ) 

 3,409 

 942 

 3,770 

 Stockholders' equity 

 1,853 

 (12,919 

 ) 

 1,279 

 2,810 

 10,683 

 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

 $ 

 4,416 

 $ 

 (18,477 

 ) 

 $ 

 4,688 

 $ 

 3,752 

 $ 

 14,453 

 117 

 Table
of Contents 

 Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash
Flows 

 Year ended December 31, 2007 

 ( In millions ) 

 Non- 

 Parent 

 Guarantor 

 Guarantor 

 Increase (decrease) to cash 

 Consolidated 

 Eliminations 

 Company 

 Subsidiaries 

 Subsidiaries 

 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

 Net (loss) earnings 

 $ 

 (3 

 ) 

 $ 

 (10 

 ) 

 $ 

 (3 

 ) 

 $ 

 9 

 $ 

 1 

 Adjustments to reconcile net (loss)
 earnings to net cash provided by (used in) operations: 

 Loss on sale of business 

 15 

 &#151; 

 15 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Gain on sale of discontinued operations 

 (24 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (17 

 ) 

 (7 

 ) 

 Impairment of long-lived assets 

 19 

 &#151; 

 3 

 3 

 13 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 275 

 &#151; 

 100 

 57 

 118 

 Stock-based compensation expense 

 10 

 &#151; 

 10 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Equity income 

 (3 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (3 

 ) 

 Changes in assets and liabilities, net 

 (140 

 ) 

 10 

 (137 

 ) 

 (39 

 ) 

 26 

 Net cash provided by (used in) operations 

 149 

 &#151; 

 (12 

 ) 

 13 

 148 

 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

 Net proceeds from divestments 

 186 

 &#151; 

 114 

 41 

 31 

 Cash acquired in acquisitions, net of
 transaction costs paid 

 (165 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (165 

 ) 

 Capital expenditures 

 (117 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (29 

 ) 

 (53 

 ) 

 (35 

 ) 

 Other investing activities 

 13 

 &#151; 

 13 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

 (83 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 98 

 (12 

 ) 

 (169 

 ) 

 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

 (Payments on) proceeds from short-term
 borrowings 

 (48 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (40 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 (7 

 ) 

 Dividends paid 

 (48 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (48 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

 7 

 &#151; 

 7 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Other financing activities 

 (1 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (1 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Net cash used in financing activities 

 (90 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (82 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 (7 

 ) 

 CASH 

 Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash
 equivalents 

 6 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 6 

 Change in cash and cash equivalents 

 (18 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 4 

 &#151; 

 (22 

 ) 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of
 period 

 95 

 &#151; 

 2 

 2 

 91 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

 $ 

 77 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 6 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 69 

 118 

 Table
of Contents 

 Condensed Consolidating Statement of
Operations 

 Year ended December 31, 2006 

 ( In millions ) 

 Non- 

 Parent 

 Guarantor 

 Guarantor 

 Consolidated 

 Eliminations 

 Company 

 Subsidiaries 

 Subsidiaries 

 Net sales 

 $ 

 3,458 

 $ 

 (1,365 

 ) 

 $ 

 386 

 $ 

 2,015 

 $ 

 2,422 

 Cost of products sold 

 2,627 

 (1,365 

 ) 

 388 

 1,535 

 2,069 

 Selling, general and administrative 

 362 

 &#151; 

 31 

 147 

 184 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 204 

 &#151; 

 36 

 106 

 62 

 Research and development 

 61 

 &#151; 

 (1 

 ) 

 37 

 25 

 Facility closures, severance and related
 costs 

 5 

 &#151; 

 (4 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 9 

 Antitrust costs 

 90 

 &#151; 

 1 

 92 

 (3 

 ) 

 Merger costs 

 17 

 &#151; 

 1 

 15 

 1 

 Loss on sale of business 

 11 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 8 

 3 

 Impairment of long-lived assets 

 80 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 75 

 5 

 Equity income 

 (4 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (2 

 ) 

 (2 

 ) 

 Operating profit (loss) 

 5 

 &#151; 

 (66 

 ) 

 2 

 69 

 Interest expense 

 (102 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (66 

 ) 

 (28 

 ) 

 (8 

 ) 

 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

 (44 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (44 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Other (expense) income, net 

 (6 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 16 

 (22 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 Equity in net earnings (loss) of
 subsidiaries from continuing operations 

 &#151; 

 2 

 (11 

 ) 

 8 

 1 

 (Loss) earnings from continuing operations before
 income taxes 

 (147 

 ) 

 2 

 (171 

 ) 

 (40 

 ) 

 62 

 Income tax (expense) benefit 

 (126 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (82 

 ) 

 20 

 (64 

 ) 

 (Loss) earnings from continuing operations 

 (273 

 ) 

 2 

 (253 

 ) 

 (20 

 ) 

 (2 

 ) 

 Earnings from discontinued operations 

 20 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 8 

 12 

 Gain on sale of discontinued operations 

 47 

 &#151; 

 38 

 &#151; 

 9 

 Net (loss) earnings 

 $ 

 (206 

 ) 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 (215 

 ) 

 $ 

 (12 

 ) 

 $ 

 19 

 119 

 Table
of Contents 

 Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash
Flows 

 Year ended December 31, 2006 

 ( In millions ) 

 Parent 

 Guarantor 

 Guarantor 

 Increase (decrease) to cash 

 Consolidated 

 Eliminations 

 Company 

 Subsidiaries 

 Subsidiaries 

 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

 Net (loss) earnings 

 $ 

 (206 

 ) 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 (215 

 ) 

 $ 

 (12 

 ) 

 $ 

 19 

 Adjustments to reconcile net (loss)
 earnings to net cash provided by (used in) operations: 

 Loss on sale of business 

 11 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 8 

 3 

 Gain on sale of discontinued operations 

 (47 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (38 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (9 

 ) 

 Gain on sale of equity interest in venture 

 (6 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (6 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 Impairment of long-lived assets 

 80 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 75 

 5 

 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

 44 

 &#151; 

 44 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 214 

 &#151; 

 36 

 116 

 62 

 Stock-based compensation expense 

 14 

 &#151; 

 14 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Equity income 

 3 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 5 

 (2 

 ) 

 Changes in assets and liabilities, net 

 144 

 (2 

 ) 

 176 

 (157 

 ) 

 127 

 Net cash provided by (used in) operations 

 251 

 &#151; 

 17 

 29 

 205 

 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

 Net proceeds from divestments 

 196 

 &#151; 

 115 

 28 

 53 

 Cash acquired in acquisitions, net of
 transaction costs paid 

 (9 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (9 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 Merger transaction costs paid 

 (8 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (3 

 ) 

 (5 

 ) 

 Capital expenditures 

 (128 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (16 

 ) 

 (69 

 ) 

 (43 

 ) 

 Net cash provided by (used in) investing
 activities 

 51 

 &#151; 

 99 

 (53 

 ) 

 5 

 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

 Payments on credit facility 

 (414 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (225 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (189 

 ) 

 Payments on long-term borrowings 

 (324 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (324 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Proceeds from long-term borrowings 

 497 

 &#151; 

 497 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (Payments on) proceeds from short-term
 borrowings 

 (16 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 30 

 (1 

 ) 

 (45 

 ) 

 Premium paid on early extinguishment of
 debt 

 (36 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (36 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Payments for debt issuance costs 

 (6 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (6 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Dividends paid 

 (48 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (48 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Repayment of insurance policy loan 

 (10 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (10 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

 3 

 &#151; 

 3 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Other financing activities 

 (1 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 1 

 (2 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 Net cash used in financing activities 

 (355 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (118 

 ) 

 (3 

 ) 

 (234 

 ) 

 CASH 

 Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash
 equivalents 

 9 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 9 

 Change in cash and cash equivalents 

 (44 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 (2 

 ) 

 (27 

 ) 

 (15 

 ) 

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of
 period 

 139 

 &#151; 

 4 

 29 

 106 

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

 $ 

 95 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 91 

 120 

 Table of Contents 

 24) SUMMARIZED UNAUDITED QUARTERLY
FINANCIAL DATA 

 2008 

 (In millions, except per share data) 

 First 

 Second 

 Third 

 Fourth 

 Net sales 

 $ 

 909 

 $ 

 1,023 

 $ 

 924 

 $ 

 690 

 Gross profit 

 $ 

 184 

 $ 

 248 

 $ 

 193 

 $ 

 111 

 Net (loss) earnings 

 $ 

 (21 

 )(a) 

 $ 

 (273 

 )(b) 

 $ 

 11 

 $ 

 (690 

 )(c) 

 Basic and diluted per share data (h): 

 Net (loss) earnings 

 $ 

 (0.09 

 ) 

 $ 

 (1.13 

 ) 

 $ 

 0.05 

 $ 

 (2.84 

 ) 

 2007 

 First 

 Second 

 Third 

 Fourth 

 Net sales 

 $ 

 889 

 $ 

 1,038 

 $ 

 929 

 $ 

 891 

 Gross profit 

 $ 

 202 

 $ 

 255 

 $ 

 202 

 $ 

 205 

 (Loss) earnings from continuing operations 

 $ 

 (20 

 )(d) 

 $ 

 (23 

 )(e) 

 $ 

 1 

 (f) 

 $ 

 (3 

 )(g) 

 Earnings from discontinued operations 

 5 

 6 

 3 

 4 

 Gain (loss) on sale of discontinued operations 

 2 

 25 

 (2 

 ) 

 (1 

 ) 

 Net (loss) earnings 

 $ 

 (13 

 ) 

 $ 

 8 

 $ 

 2 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 Basic and diluted per share data (h): 

 (Loss) earnings from continuing operations 

 $ 

 (0.08 

 ) 

 $ 

 (0.09 

 ) 

 $ 

 0.01 

 $ 

 (0.02 

 ) 

 Earnings from discontinued operations 

 0.02 

 0.02 

 0.01 

 0.02 

 Gain (loss) on sale of discontinued
 operations 

 0.01 

 0.10 

 (0.01 

 ) 

 &#151; 

 Net (loss) earnings 

 $ 

 (0.05 

 ) 

 $ 

 0.03 

 $ 

 0.01 

 $ 

 &#151; 

 (a) The net loss for the first quarter of 2008 includes pretax charges for
loss on sale of business related to oleochemicals of $23 million. 

 (b) The
net loss for the second quarter of 2008 includes pretax charges for goodwill
impairment of $320 million relating to the Consumer Products segment and
antitrust costs of $11 million. 

 (c) The net loss for the fourth quarter of 2008 includes pre-tax charges for
goodwill impairment of $665 million relating to the Polymer Additives and
Consumer Product segments, and facility closure of $26 million. 

 (d) Loss from continuing operations for the first
quarter of 2007 includes pre-tax charges for antitrust costs of $12 million and
facility closures of $3 million. 

 (e) Loss from continuing operations for the second quarter of 2007 includes
pre-tax charges for facility closures of $22 million, antitrust costs of $18
million, loss on sale of business relating to Celogen&#174; of $15 million and asset
impairment charges of $7 million related to the Marshall, Texas facility and
the 2007 restructuring programs. 

 (f) Earnings from continuing operations for the third quarter of 2007
includes pre-tax charges for facility closures of $9 million, asset impairment
charges of $9 million related to the Ravenna, Italy facility and antitrust
costs of $2 million. 

 (g) Loss
from continuing operations for the fourth quarter of 2007 includes pre-tax
charges for antitrust costs of $3 million, asset impairment charges of $3
million and facility closures of $2 million. 

 (h) The
sum of the earnings per common share for the four quarters may not equal the
total earnings per common share for the full year due to quarterly changes in
the average number of shares outstanding. 

 121 

 Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

 The Board of Directors
and Stockholders 

 Chemtura Corporation: 

 We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Chemtura Corporation and
subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders&#146; equity, and cash
flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31,
2008. In connection with our audits of
the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the financial
statement Schedule II, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. We also have
audited Chemtura Corporation&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2008, based on criteria established in 
Internal Control &#151; Integrated Framework 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). The Company&#146;s management is responsible for these consolidated
financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (Item 9A(b)),
included in the accompanying Management&#146;s Annual Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule and an
opinion on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting based on our
audits. 

 We conducted our audits
in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over
financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the
consolidated financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

 A company&#146;s internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company&#146;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to
the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. 

 122 

 Table of Contents 

 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company&#146;s
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis. A material weakness related to the Company&#146;s review of its income
tax accounts has been identified and included in management&#146;s assessment as of December 31,
2008. This material weakness was considered in determining the nature,
timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2008 consolidated
financial statements. 

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Chemtura Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2008
and 2007, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of
the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2008, in conformity
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial
statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated
financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material
respects the information set forth therein. 

 Also, in our opinion,
because of the effect of the aforementioned material weakness on the
achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, Chemtura Corporation has
not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2008, based on criteria established in 
Internal Control&#151;Integrated Framework issued by COSO. Our
opinion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting does
not affect our opinion on the consolidated financial statements. 

 The accompanying
consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As
discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has
limited liquidity, has suffered recurring losses from continuing operations,
and has a significant amount of debt outstanding under agreements which include
various covenants, certain of which the Company was not in compliance with at December 31,
2008 and which it does not expect to be in compliance with subsequent to the
expiration of the waiver period for the balance of 2009 resulting in a working
capital deficiency at December 31, 2008. 
Such factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to
continue as a going concern. Management&#146;s plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements and
financial statement schedule do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 As discussed in Note 1 to
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company adopted the provisions
of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123(R), &#147; Share-Based Payment &#148; and Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 108, Considering the Effects
of Prior Year Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements as
of January 1, 2006 and Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 158, Employers&#146; Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension
and Other Postretirement Plans , as of December 31, 2006, and
Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes ,
as of January 1, 2007 and Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 157,
 Fair Value Measurements , specifically
for financial assets and liabilities, as of January 1, 2008. 

 /s/ KPMG LLP 

 Stamford, Connecticut 

 March 2, 2009 

 123 

 Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 Not applicable. 

 ITEM 9A. 
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 (a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 As of December 31,
2008, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief
Financial Officer (CFO), has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)). Based on that evaluation,
our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31,
2008 were not effective because of a material weakness in internal control over
financial reporting described below. 

 (b) Management&#146;s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

 Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Under the supervision of management and with
the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2008 based on the framework in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
Based on our evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
management identified the following material weakness as of December 31,
2008. 

 The
Company did not provide adequate oversight to ensure a timely and effective
review of its income tax accounts. This
deficiency resulted in a material misstatement of the Company&#146;s income tax
accounts in its preliminary financial statements as of December 31, 2008. 

 As a
result of the material weakness described above, management concluded that
Chemtura&#146;s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31,
2008, based on the criteria identified above. 

 KPMG
LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the
financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has
issued an attestation report, which is included elsewhere within this Form 10-K,
on the effectiveness of Chemtura&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 (c) Remediation Activities 

 In the
fourth quarter of 2008, the Company engaged in the following remediation
activities: 

 &#183; Additional
review procedures at September 30, 2008 to ensure early identification of
year end issues 

 &#183; Accounting
and tax resources added, including additional tax consultants 

 &#183; Accounting
and tax training for US and international team 

 The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of these activities as it relates to
the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described
above and evaluating what further actions are necessary to remediate the
material weakness. 

 (d) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 There was no change in the Company&#146;s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred in the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2008,
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 124 

 Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. 
OTHER INFORMATION 

 Effective as of February 25, 2009, C.A. (Lance) Piccolo resigned from
his position as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. Mr. Piccolo
did not resign from the Board of Directors as a result of a disagreement with
the Company on any matter relating to the company's operations, policies or
practices. Mr. Piccolo served on the audit committee and organization,
compensation and governance committee of the Board of Directors. 

 Effective as of February 27, 2009, Robert A. Fox resigned from his
position as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. Mr. Fox did not resign from the Board of
Directors as a result of a disagreement with the Company on any matter relating
to the company's operations, policies or practices. Mr. Fox served on the Audit
Committee and served as Chairman of the Environmental, Health & Safety
Committee of the Board of Directors. 

 PART III. 

 ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE
REGISTRANT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 Information called for by this item
concerning directors of the Corporation and committees of the Board of
Directors is included in the definitive proxy statement for the Corporation&#146;s
Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 13, 2009, under the
captions &#147;Election of Six Directors,&#148; &#147;Board of Directors&#148; and &#147;Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance,&#148; which is to be filed with the Commission
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and such
information is incorporated herein by reference. 

 There is no family relationship between any
of such directors, and there is no arrangement or understanding between any of
them and any other person pursuant to which any such director was selected as a
director or nominee, except that director Edward P. Garden, a principal of
Trian Fund Management L.P. (&#147;Trian&#148;), was appointed a director effective January 26,
2007, with the understanding that Trian would not nominate a slate of directors
at the Corporation&#146;s 2007 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

 Information called for by this item
concerning Executive Officers is included in Part I pursuant to General
Instruction G to Form 
10-K. 

 The Corporation has adopted a written code of
ethics, &#147;Code of Business Conduct,&#148; which is applicable to all Chemtura
directors, officers and employees, including the Corporation&#146;s Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and principal accounting officer and
controller and other executive officers performing similar functions
(collectively, the &#147;Selected Officers&#148;). 
In accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, a copy of the Code of Business Conduct is publicly
available on the Corporation&#146;s website at www.chemtura.com. The Corporation intends to disclose any
amendments to or waivers from its code of ethics applicable to any Selected
Officer or director on its website at www.chemtura.com. The Code of Business Conduct may also be
requested in print by writing to the Corporation&#146;s Corporate Secretary at
Chemtura Corporation, 199 Benson Road, Middlebury, CT 06749 USA. 

 ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 Information called for by this item is
included in the definitive proxy statement for the Corporation&#146;s Annual Meeting
of Stockholders to be held on May 13, 2009, under the caption &#147;Officers&#146;
and Directors&#146; Compensation,&#148; which is to be filed with the Commission pursuant
to Regulation 14A and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

 125 

 Table of Contents 

 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

 Except as set forth herein, information called for by this item is
included in the definitive proxy statement for the Corporation&#146;s Annual Meeting
of Stockholders to be held on May 13, 2009, under the captions &#147;Principal
Holders of Voting Securities&#148; and &#147;Security Ownership of Management,&#148; which is
to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and such
information is incorporated herein by reference. 

 The following table provides information about shares of the
Corporation&#146;s common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options,
warrants and rights under the Corporation&#146;s equity compensation plans as of December 31,
2008: 

 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

 Plan Category 

 Number of 
 securities to be 
 issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants, and 
 rights 

 Weighted- 
 average 
 exercise 
 price of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants 
 and rights 

 Number of 
 securities remaining 
 available for future 
 issuance under 
 equity 
 compensation plans 
 (excluding 
 securities reflected 
 in column) 

 (in millions) 

 (in millions) 

 Equity compensation plans approved by security
 holders (1) 

 11.5 

 $ 

 9.45 

 6.2 

 (2) 

 Equity compensation plans not approved by
 security holders (3) 

 0.4 

 $ 

 7.41 

 &#151; 

 Total 

 11.9 

 $ 

 9.38 

 6.2 

 (1) Includes 2006 Chemtura
Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan; 2001 Employee Stock Purchase Plan; 1998 Long-Term Incentive Plan; 1993 Stock Option
Plan for Non-Employee Directors; 1993 Employee Stock Compensation Plan; 1998
Stock Compensation Plan; 2002 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. 

 (2) Includes 0.8 million of
common stock available for future issuance as of December 31, 2008 for the
2001 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

 (3) Includes 2001 Employee
Stock Option Plan. 

 ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 None. 

 ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES 

 Information
called for by this item is included in the definitive proxy statement for the
Corporation&#146;s Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 13, 2009,
under the caption &#147;Principal Accountant Fees and Services,&#148; which is to be
filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and such information is
incorporated herein by reference. 

 126 

 Table of Contents 

 PART IV. 

 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this
report: 

 1. Financial
statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, as
required by Item 8 of this form. 

 (i) Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and
2006; 

 (ii) Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2008 and 2007; 

 (iii) Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and
2006; 

 (iv) Consolidated Statements
of Stockholders&#146; Equity for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006;

 (v) Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements; and 

 (vi) Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

 2. Financial
Statement Schedule II, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts, required by
Regulation S-X is included herein. 

 3. The
following exhibits are either filed herewith or incorporated herein by
reference to the respective reports and registration statements identified in
the parenthetical clause following the description of the exhibit: 

 Exhibit No. 

 Description 

 3(i)(a) 

 Amended and Restated Certificate of
 Incorporation of the Registrant dated September 1, 1999 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 3(i)(a) to the Registrant&#146;s Form 10-K for
 the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 (&#147;2001 Form 10-K&#148;)). 

 3(i)(b) 

 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant dated April 27,
 2000 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i)(b) to the
 Registrant&#146;s 2001 Form 10-K). 

 3(i)(c) 

 Certificate of Change of Location of
 Registered Office and of Registered Agent dated May 18, 2000
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i)(c) to the Registrant&#146;s
 2001 Form 10-K). 

 3(i)(d) 

 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant dated July 1,
 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant&#146;s
 Form 8-K dated July 1, 2005 (&#147;July 1, 2005 8-K&#148;)). 

 3(i)(e) 

 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant dated May 2,
 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i)(e) to the
 Registrant&#146;s Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2006
 (&#147;March 31, 2006 10-Q&#148;)). 

 3(ii) 

 By-laws of the Registrant (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 3(ii) to the Registrant&#146;s March 31, 2006
 10-Q). 

 3(iii) 

 Amendment to the By-laws of the Registrant
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(ii) to the Registrant&#146;s
 Form 8-K dated April 30, 2007 (&#147;April 30, 2007 8-K&#148;)). 

 4.1 

 Rights Agreement dated as of
 September 2, 1999, by and between the Registrant and ChaseMellon
 Shareholder Services, L.L.C., as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-A dated September 28,
 1999). 

 4.2 

 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of
 August 5, 2004, between Crompton Corporation and U.S. Bank, National
 Association, to the 1993 Indenture (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 4.4 of the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-4
 Registration Number 333-119641, filed on October 8, 2004 (&#147;2004
 Form S-4&#148;)). 

 4.3 

 Indenture, dated as of August 16,
 2004, among Crompton Corporation, the Guarantors listed on Schedule A
 thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee and Deutsche Bank
 Trust Company Americas as Note Custodian, Paying Agent and Registrar,
 relating to the Registrant&#146;s9 7/8% Senior Notes due 2012 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the 2004 S-4). 

 4.4 

 Indenture, dated as of August 16,
 2004, among Crompton Corporation, the Guarantors listed on Schedule A
 thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee and Deutsche Bank
 Trust Company Americas as Note Custodian, Paying Agent and Registrar,
 relating to the Registrant&#146;s Senior Floating Rate Notes due 2010
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 of the 2004 S-4). 

 127 

 Table of Contents 

 4.5 

 Supplemental Indenture dated as of
 May 31, 2005, by and between Crompton Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank,
 National Association, as Trustee, relating to Crompton Corporation Senior
 Floating Rate Notes due 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1
 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated June 1, 2005 (&#147;June 1, 2005
 8-K&#148;). 

 4.6 

 Supplemental Indenture dated as of
 May 31, 2005, by and between Crompton Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank,
 National Association, as Trustee, relating to Crompton Corporation 9 7/8%
 Senior Notes due 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the
 June 1, 2005 8-K). 

 4.7 

 Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement, from
 the pledgors referred to therein to Citibank, N.A., as agent, dated as of
 July 31, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
 Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated August 6, 2007 (&#147;August 6, 2007
 8-K&#148;)). 

 4.8 

 Amendment No. 1 dated as of
 September 30, 2007, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated
 as of July 31, 2007, with its lenders (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated November 5,
 2007 (&#147;November 5, 2007 8-K&#148;)). 

 4.9 

 Waiver and Amendment No. 2, dated as
 of December 30, 2008, to its Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated
 July 31, 2007 (the &#147;Credit Agreement&#148;) with Citibank, N.A., as agent,
 and the other lenders and agents party thereto (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#146;s December 30, 2008 Form 8-K/A
 filed on January 2, 2009 (&#147;December 30, 2008 8-K/A&#148;)), previously
 filed with the referenced report on Form 8-K filed by Registrant on
 December 31, 2008. 

 4.10 

 Second Amended and Restated Pledge and
 Security Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2008, among Chemtura
 Corporation, certain domestic subsidiaries of Chemtura Corporation, and
 Citibank, N.A., as agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to
 the Registrant&#146;s December 30, 2008 Form 8-K/A filed on
 January 2, 2009 (&#147;December 30, 2008 8-K/A&#148;)), previously filed with
 the referenced report on Form 8-K filed by Registrant on
 December 31, 2008. 

 10.1 

 Supplement No. 1 dated as of
 March 26, 2004, to the Security Agreement dated as of December 21,
 2001, among the Registrant, various subsidiaries of the Registrant, and
 Citicorp USA, Inc., as Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to the March 31, 2004 10-Q). 

 10.2+ 

 Change in Control Agreements dated as of
 September 13, 2004, between Crompton Corporation and each of Karen R.
 Osar, Myles S. Odaniell, Lynn A. Schefsky, and Gregory E. McDaniel
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K
 filed on September 15, 2004). 

 10.3 

 Credit Agreement, dated as of
 August 16, 2004, among Crompton Corporation, the Lenders from time to
 time party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as Deposit Bank
 and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as Administrative Agent (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the 2004 Form S-4). 

 10.4 

 Security Agreement, dated as of
 August 16, 2004, among Crompton Corporation, certain of its subsidiaries
 from time to time party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch as
 Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 of the 2004
 Form S-4). 

 10.5 

 Pledge Agreement, dated as of
 August 16, 2004, among Crompton Corporation, certain of its subsidiaries
 from time to time party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as
 Pledgee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the 2004
 Form S-4). 

 10.6 

 Subsidiaries Guaranty, dated as of
 August 16, 2004, among certain subsidiaries of Crompton Corporation and
 Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.49 of the 2004 form S-4). 

 10.7+ 

 Amended Crompton Corporation 1998 Long Term
 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the
 Registrant&#146;s 2001 Form 10-K). 

 10.8+ 

 Form of Amendment 2003-1 to the
 Supplemental Retirement Agreement dated various dates in December 2003
 by and between the Registrant and various of its executive officers
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the 2003 Form 10-K). 

 10.9+ 

 Form of 2004-2006 Long Term Incentive
 Award Agreement dated February 3, 2004 by and between the Registrant and
 various of its executive officers (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.30 to the 2003 Form 10-K). 

 128 

 Table of Contents 

 10.10+ 

 Consulting Agreement dated June 7,
 2004 by and between the Registrant and Vincent A. Calarco (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&#146;s June 30, 2004
 Form 10-Q). 

 10.11+ 

 Form of Stock Option Agreement
 (undated) by and between the Registrant and various of its executive officers
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s
 Form 8-K dated November 29, 2004 (&#147;November 29, 2004
 Form 8-K&#148;)). 

 10.12+ 

 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement
 (undated) by and between the Registrant and various of its executive officers
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the November 29, 2004
 Form 8-K). 

 10.13+ 

 Form of Crompton Corporation Summary
 of Compensation and Benefits for Non-Employee Directors, dated
 March 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the
 Registrant&#146;s 2004 10-K). 

 10.14+ 

 Form of 2005 Management Incentive
 Program, effective February 23, 2005, by and between the Registrant and
 various key management personnel (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated February 28,
 2005 (&#147;February 28, 2005 8-K&#148;)). 

 10.15+ 

 Form of 2005-2007 Long-Term Incentive
 Award Agreement, effective February 23, 2005, by and between the
 Registrant and various key management personnel (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to the February 28, 2005 8-K). 

 10.16+ 

 Form of Supplemental Savings Plan,
 effective January 1, 2005, by and between the Registrant and various key
 management personnel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 February 28, 2005 8-K). 

 10.17+ 

 2005 Crompton Corporation Short-Term
 Incentive Plan, effective January 1, 2005 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated April 27,
 2005). 

 10.18 

 Credit Agreement, dated as of July 1,
 2005, among the Registrant, the Lenders listed therein, Citibank, N.A., as
 Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated
 July 1, 2005 (&#147;July 1, 2005 8-K&#148;)). 

 10.19+ 

 Description of directors&#146; fees to be paid
 to former directors of Great Lakes Chemical Corporation upon their joining
 the Registrant&#146;s Board of Directors (incorporated by reference to item 1.01
 of the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated July 21, 2005). 

 10.20 

 Amendment No. 1 to the Credit
 Agreement by and among the Registrant, various lenders and Citibank, N.A., as
 Agent, dated as of December 12, 2005 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K dated December 15,
 2005 (&#147;December 15, 2005 8-K&#148;)). 

 10.21 

 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by
 and among the Registrant, various lenders and Citibank, N.A., as Agent, dated
 as of December 12, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
 to the December 15, 2005 8-K). 

 10.22+ 

 Form of 2006-2008 Chemtura Corporation
 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 the January 26, 2006 8-K). 

 10.23 

 Amendment No. 2, dated as of
 December 31, 2005, to the Credit Agreement by and among the Registrant,
 various lenders and Citibank N.A., as Agent, dated as of July 1, 2005,
 as amended and restated by Amendment No. 1 dated as of December 12,
 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s
 Form 8-K dated February 15, 2006). 

 10.24+ 

 Form of 2006 Chemtura Corporation
 Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 the March 9, 2006 Form 8-K). 

 10.25+ 

 Form of Chemtura Corporation Executive
 and Key Employee Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to the March 9, 2006 Form 8-K). 

 10.26 

 Amendment No. 3, dated as of
 December 31, 2005, to the Credit Agreement by and among the Registrant,
 various lenders and Citibank N.A., as Agent, dated as of July 1, 2005,
 as amended and restated by Amendment No. 1 dated as of December 12,
 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s
 Form 8-K dated March 20, 2006.) 

 10.27 

 Indenture dated as of April 24, 2006,
 by and among the Registrant as Issuer, the Guarantors named therein and wells
 Fargo Bank, N.A., as Trustee relating to the Registrant&#146;s 6.875% Notes due
 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s
 March 31, 2006 Form 10-Q). 

 129 

 Table of Contents 

 10.28+ 

 Chemtura Corporation 2006 Long-Term
 Incentive Plan, effective April 27, 2006 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s April 27, 2006 Form 8-K). 

 10.29 

 Sale and Purchase Agreement dated as of
 May 12, 2006, by and among the Registrant, various subsidiaries of the
 Registrant and MCAW Group Limited (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s May 18, 2006 Form 8-K). 

 10.30 

 Form of Amendment No. 4 to the
 Credit Agreement by and among the Registrant, various lenders and Citibank,
 N.A., as Agent, dated as of May 9, 2006 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s May 26, 2006 Form 8-K). 

 10.31+ 

 Employment Agreement dated as of
 June 13, 2006, by and between the Registrant and Robert L. Wood
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s
 June 19, 2006 Form 8-K). 

 10.32+ 

 &#147;Flexperq&#148; Program adopted on
 October 26, 2006, effective January 1, 2007 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the October 31, 2006 Form 8-K). 

 10.33 

 Form of Amendment No. 5 to the
 Credit Agreement by and among the Registrant, various lenders and Citibank,
 N.A., as Agent, dated as of December 14, 2006 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s December 15, 2006
 Form 8-K). 

 10.34 

 Stock Purchase Agreement by and among the
 stockholders of Kaufman Holdings Corporation, Alex Kaufman and the
 Registrant, dated as of January 31, 2007 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s January 31, 2007 Form 8-K). 

 10.35 

 Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement by and
 among the Registrant, various subsidiaries of the Registrant and Lion
 Copolymer, LLC, dated as of February 3, 2007 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s February 5, 2007
 Form 8-K). 

 10.36 

 Form of Amendment No. 6 to the
 Credit Agreement by and among the Registrant, various lenders and Citibank,
 N.A., as Agent, dated as of February 27, 2007 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s February 28, 2007
 Form 8-K). 

 10.37+ 

 Separation Agreement and General Release
 dated April 1, 2007, by and between Marcus Meadows-Smith and the
 Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Registrant&#146;s June 5, 2007 Form 8-K (&#147;June 5, 2007 8-K&#148;)). 

 10.38+ 

 Separation Agreement and General Release
 dated April 1, 2007, by and between Karen R. Osar and the Registrant
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s
 May 9, 2007 Form 8-K (&#147;May 9, 2007 8-K&#148;)). 

 10.39+ 

 Employment of Stephen C. Forsyth was
 accompanied by a sign-on bonus, performance-based restricted stock,
 restricted stock grant, stock options, participation in the Management
 Incentive Plan, Key Executive and Key Employee Severance Plan, Supplemental
 Savings Plan, and the &#147;Flexperq&#148; Program (incorporated by reference to the
 Registrant&#146;s April 9, 2007 Form 8-K (&#147;April 9, 2007 8-K&#148;)). 

 10.40+ 

 2007 Chemtura Corporation Management
 Incentive Plan, effective March 28, 2007 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s March 29, 2006 Form 8-K
 (&#147;March 29, 2006 8-K&#148;)). 

 10.41+ 

 2007-2009 Chemtura Corporation Long-Term
 Incentive Plan, effective March 28, 2007 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#146;s March 29, 2006 Form 8-K
 (&#147;March 29, 2006 8-K&#148;)). 

 10.42+ 

 Chemtura Corporation Executive and Key
 Employee Severance Plan, effective April 15, 2007 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s April 26, 2006
 Form 8-K (&#147;April 26, 2006 8-K&#148;)). 

 10.43+ 

 Agreement dated November 28, 2007 by
 and between the Registrant and David G. Dickey, (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.84 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 10-K for the fiscal year
 ended December 31, 2007 (&#147;2007 10-K&#148;)). 

 10.44+ 

 Separation Agreement and General Release
 dated January 21, 2008, by and between Gary P. Yeaw and the Registrant
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant&#146;s
 January 23, 2008 Form 8-K (&#147;January 23, 2008 8-K&#148;). 

 10.45+ 

 2008 Chemtura Corporation Management
 Incentive Program, effective February 28, 2008 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s March 3, 2008
 Form 8-K (&#147;March 3, 2008 8-K&#148;). 

 130 

 Table of Contents 

 10.46+ 

 2008-2010 Chemtura Corporation Long-Term
 Incentive Plan, effective February 28, 2008 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 to the March 3, 2008 8-K. 

 10.47+ 

 The Board of Directors of the Registrant
 adopted a new compensation schedule (dated as of October 28, 2008) for
 non-employee members of the Board of Directors, (reported the Registrant&#146;s
 October 31, 2008 Form 8-K (&#147;October 31, 2008 8-K&#148;). 

 10.48 

 Amendment Number 1 to Receivables Purchase
 Agreement (dated as of May 31, 2007), (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.86 to the Registrant&#146;s September 30, 2006 Form 10-Q
 (&#147;September 30, 2006 10-Q&#148;)). 

 10.49 

 Letter Agreement Regarding Receivables
 Purchase Agreement (dated as of May 31, 2007), (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.87 to the Registrant&#146;s September 30, 2006
 Form 10-Q (&#147;September 30, 2006 10-Q&#148;)). 

 10.50 

 Amendment Number 2 to Amended and Restated
 Receivables Purchase Agreement (dated as of June 28, 2007),
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.88 to the Registrant&#146;s
 September 30, 2006 Form 10-Q (&#147;September 30, 2006 10-Q&#148;)). 

 10.51 

 First Amendment Dated as of May 31,
 2007 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement Dated as of
 September 28, 2006, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.89 to
 the Registrant&#146;s September 30, 2006 Form 10-Q (&#147;September 30,
 2006 10-Q&#148;)). 

 10.52 

 Amendment No. 2 to Fourth Amended and
 Restated Receivables Sale Agreement (dated as of June 28, 2007),
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.90 to the Registrant&#146;s
 September 30, 2006 Form 10-Q (&#147;September 30, 2006 10-Q&#148;)). 

 10.53 

 Third Amendment Dated as of August 31,
 2007 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement Dated as of
 September 28, 2006, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.91 to
 the Registrant&#146;s September 30, 2006 Form 10-Q (&#147;September 30,
 2006 10-Q&#148;)). 

 10.54+ 

 Employment Agreement dated as of
 December 8, 2008, by and between the Registrant and Craig A. Rogerson
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.86 to the Registrant&#146;s
 December 9, 2008 Form 8-K (&#147;December 9, 2008 8-K&#148;)). 

 10.55+ 

 Separation Agreement and General Release,
 dated as of December 8, 2008, by and between Mr. Robert L. Wood and
 the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the
 Registrant&#146;s December 16, 2008 Form 8-K (&#147;December 16, 2008
 8-K&#148;)). 

 10.56+ 

 Separation Agreement and General Release
 dated January 19, 2009, by and between Lynn A. Schefsky and the
 Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the
 Registrant&#146;s February 5, 2009 Form 8-K (&#147;February 5, 2009
 8-K&#148;)). 

 10.57 

 Sixth Amendment and Waiver Agreement, dated
 as of December 30, 2008, to the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables
 Sale Agreement dated as of September 28, 2006, by and among
 Crompton & Knowles Receivables Corporation, as seller (&#147;Seller&#148;), Chemtura
 Corporation, as the initial collection agent, The Royal Bank of Scotland plc
 (as successor to ABN AMRO Bank N.V.), as agent, and various other banks and
 liquidity providers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Registrant&#146;s December 30, 2008 Form 8-K/A filed on January 2,
 2009 (&#147;December 30, 2008 8-K/A&#148;)). 

 10.58 

 Form of Amended and Restated
 Supplemental Savings Plan, effective January 1, 2009, by and between the
 Registrant and various eligible employees (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the January 2, 2009 8-K)). 

 10.59 

 Form of Receivables Purchase
 Agreement, dated as of January 23, 2009, by and among Registrant, as
 Seller, Registrant as the Servicer, Citicorp USA, Inc., as Agent,
 Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as Arranger and The Royal Bank of Scotland
 Plc, as Syndication Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.92 to
 the Registrant&#146;s January 27, 2009 Form 8-K (&#147;January 27, 2009
 8-K&#148;)). 

 131 

 Table of Contents 

 10.60 

 Form of Receivables Sale Agreement,
 dated as of January 23, 2009, by and among Registrant, Great Lakes
 Chemical Corporation, GLCC Laurel, LLC, and BioLab, Inc. as Sellers,
 Chemtura Receivables LLC, as Buyer, Registrant as Buyer&#146;s Servicer, and
 Citicorp USA, Inc., as Agent, (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.93 to the Registrant&#146;s January 27, 2009 Form 8-K
 (&#147;January 27, 2009 8-K&#148;)). 

 10.61 

 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of
 February 11, 2009, among GLCC LAUREL, LLC, BIOLAB COMPANY STORE, LLC and
 BIOLAB FRANCHISE COMPANY, LLC, each an indirect subsidiary of Registrant, and
 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee. 

 10.62 

 Addendum,
 dated as of February 13, 2009, to Separation Agreement and General
 Release, dated as of December 8, 2008, by and between Mr. Robert L.
 Wood and the Registrant (Separation Agreement and General Release
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant&#146;s
 December 16, 2008 Form 8-K (&#147;December 16, 2008 8-K&#148;)). 

 18 

 Independent
 Registered Public Accounting Firm&#146;s Preferability Letter concerning the
 change in the measurement date for the Company&#146;s defined benefit and other
 post-retirement benefit plans from December 31 to November 30
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 18 to the Registrant&#146;s 2005
 Form 10-K). 

 21 

 Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant.* 

 23 

 Consent of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.* 

 24 

 Form of
 Power of Attorney from directors and executive officers of the Registrant authorizing
 signature of this report.* (Original on file at principal executive offices
 of Registrant). 

 31.1 

 Certification
 of Periodic Financial Reports by the Registrant&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 (Section 302).* 

 31.2 

 Certification
 of Periodic Financial Reports by the Registrant&#146;s Chief Financial Officer
 (Section 302).* 

 32.1 

 Certification
 of Periodic Financial Reports by the Registrant&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 (Section 906) .* 

 32.2 

 Certification
 of Periodic Financial Reports by the Registrant&#146;s Chief Financial Officer
 (Section 906).* 

 * Copies of these Exhibits are filed with this
annual report on Form 10-K provided to the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the New York Stock Exchange. 

 + This Exhibit is a compensatory plan,
contract or arrangement in which one or more directors or executive officers of
the Registrant participate. 

 132 

 Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

 CHEMTURA CORPORATION 

 (Registrant) 

 Date: March 2, 2009 

 By: 

 /s/ Stephen C. Forsyth 

 Stephen C. Forsyth 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the
date indicated. 

 Name 

 Title 

 Craig A. Rogerson 

 Chairman of the Board, President, Chief
 Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

 Stephen C. Forsyth 

 Executive Vice President and Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

 Kevin V. Mahoney 

 Senior Vice President and Corporate
 Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 

 Nigel D. T. Andrews* 

 Director 

 James W. Crownover* 

 Director 

 Edward P. Garden* 

 Director 

 Martin M. Hale* 

 Director 

 Roger L. Headrick* 

 Co-lead Director 

 Bruce F. Wesson* 

 Director 

 Date: March 2, 2009 

 *By: 

 /s/ Stephen C. Forsyth 

 Stephen C. Forsyth as attorney-in-fact 

 133 

 Table of Contents 

 Schedule II 

 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

 (In millions of dollars) 

 Additions 

 Balance at 

 charged to 

 Balance 

 beginning 

 costs and 

 at end 

 of year 

 expenses 

 Deductions 

 Other 

 of year 

 Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2008: 

 Allowance for doubtful accounts 

 $ 

 32 

 3 

 (4 

 )(a) 

 (5 

 )(c) 

 26 

 Reserve for customer rebates 

 27 

 30 

 (36 

 )(b) 

 &#151; 

 (c) 

 21 

 Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2007: 

 Allowance for doubtful accounts 

 $ 

 32 

 4 

 (7 

 )(a) 

 3 

 (c) 

 32 

 Reserve for customer rebates 

 29 

 45 

 (48 

 )(b) 

 1 

 (c) 

 27 

 Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2006: 

 Allowance for doubtful accounts 

 $ 

 31 

 20 

 (20 

 )(a) 

 1 

 (c) 

 32 

 Reserve for customer rebates 

 33 

 51 

 (56 

 )(b) 

 1 

 (c) 

 29 

 (a) Represents primarily accounts written off as uncollectible (net of
recoveries). 

 (b) Represents primarily payment to the customers. 

 (c) Represents primarily the translation effect of balances denominated in
foreign currencies. 

 134 

