 
 10-K
 1
 ccptiii1231201210-k.htm
 10-K

 CCPT III 12.31.2012 10-K 

 Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 _____________________________________________ Form 10-K (Mark One) x ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 o TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to &#32;Commission file number 000-53960 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. &#32;(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Maryland 26-1846406 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 2325 East Camelback Road, Suite 1100 Phoenix, Arizona, 85016 (Address of principal executive offices; zip code) (602) 778-8700 (Registrant';s telephone number, including area code) &#32;Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Name of Exchange on Which Registered None None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o No x Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o No x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes x No o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant';s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of ";large accelerated filer,"; ";accelerated filer"; and ";smaller reporting company"; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer x Smaller reporting company o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No x There is no established market for the registrant';s shares of common stock. There were approximately 482.1 million &#32;shares of common stock held by non-affiliates at June 30, 2012, the last business day of the registrant';s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The number of shares of common stock outstanding &#32;as of March 26, 2013 &#32;was approximately 496.7 million . Documents Incorporated by Reference: The Registrant incorporates by reference portions of the Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc. Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (into Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III). Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 2 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS 3 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 18 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 40 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 40 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 44 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 44 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT';S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 45 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 49 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT';S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 50 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 68 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 68 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 68 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 68 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 69 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 70 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 70 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 70 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTORS INDEPENDENCE 70 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 70 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 71 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM F-2 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS F-3 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS F-4 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) F-5 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY F-6 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS F-7 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-8 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION S-1 SCHEDULE IV - MORTGAGE LOANS ON REAL ESTATE S-26 SIGNATURES EXHIBIT INDEX 2 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc., other than historical facts may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ";Securities Act";), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the ";Exchange Act";). We intend for all such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, as applicable by law. Such statements include, in particular, statements about our future financial and operating results, our plans, strategies, and prospects, including statements about outcomes of pending lawsuits and the benefits of the business combination transaction involving Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc. and Cole Holdings Corporation, and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, as well as known and unknown risks, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Therefore, such statements are not intended to be a guarantee of our performance in future periods. Such forward-looking statements can generally be identified by our use of forward-looking terminology such as ";may,"; ";will,"; ";would,"; ";could,"; ";should,"; ";expect,"; ";intend,"; ";anticipate,"; ";estimate,"; ";believe,"; ";continue,"; or other similar words. Forward-looking statements that were true at the time made may ultimately prove to be incorrect or false. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect our management';s view only as of the date this Annual Report on Form 10-K is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the ";SEC";). We make no representation or warranty (express or implied) about the accuracy of any such forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, we undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results. The forward-looking statements should be read in light of the risk factors identified in the Item 1A. ";Risk Factors"; section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 2 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Formation Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc. (the ";Company,"; ";we,"; ";our"; or ";us";) is a Maryland corporation formed on January 22, 2008, that elected to be taxed, and currently qualifies, as a real estate investment trust (";REIT";) for federal income tax purposes. We were organized to acquire and operate a diversified portfolio of core commercial real estate investments primarily consisting of necessity retail properties located throughout the United States, including U.S. protectorates. As of December 31, 2012 , we owned 1,014 &#32;properties, comprising 43.1 million rentable square feet of single and multi-tenant retail and commercial space located in 47 &#32;states, including properties owned through consolidated joint venture arrangements. As of December 31, 2012 , the rentable space at these properties was 99% &#32;leased. As of December 31, 2012 , we also owned 29 &#32;commercial mortgage backed securities (";CMBS";) and three &#32;notes receivable. In addition, through unconsolidated joint venture arrangements, as of December 31, 2012 , we had interests in 12 &#32;properties comprising 2.3 million &#32;gross rentable square feet of commercial space. &#32;Substantially all of our business is conducted through our operating partnership, Cole REIT III Operating Partnership, LP (";CCPT III OP";), a Delaware limited partnership organized in January 2008. The Company is the sole general partner of and owns a 99.99% interest in CCPT III OP. Cole REIT Advisors III, LLC (";CR III Advisors";), the advisor to the Company, is the sole limited partner and owns an insignificant noncontrolling partnership interest of less than 0.01% of CCPT III OP. Our sponsor, Cole Real Estate Investments, is a group of affiliated entities, which includes our advisor that has sponsored various real estate investment programs. CR III Advisors acts as our advisor pursuant to an advisory agreement. CR III Advisors is responsible for managing our affairs on a day-to-day basis, identifying and making acquisitions and investments on our behalf, and recommending an appropriate exit strategy to our board of directors. Our advisor and its affiliates also provide property management, asset management, financing, marketing, investor relations and other administrative services on our behalf. Our charter provides that our independent directors are responsible for reviewing the performance of our advisor and determining whether the compensation paid to our advisor and its affiliates is reasonable. Our agreement with CR III Advisors is for a one-year term and is reconsidered on an annual basis by our board of directors. We have no employees and rely upon our advisor and its affiliates to provide substantially all of our day-to-day management. We ceased offering shares of common stock in our initial primary offering (the ";Initial Offering";) on October 1, 2010. At the completion of the Initial Offering, a total of approximately 217.5 million &#32;shares of common stock had been issued, including approximately 211.6 million &#32;shares issued in the primary offering and approximately 5.9 million &#32;shares issued pursuant to a distribution reinvestment plan (the ";DRIP";). The remaining 32.5 million &#32;unsold shares in the Initial Offering were deregistered. On September 22, 2010, the registration statement for a follow-on offering of 275.0 million &#32;shares of our common stock (the ";Follow-on Offering";) was declared effective by the SEC. We commenced sales of the common stock pursuant to the Follow-on Offering after the termination of the Initial Offering on October 1, 2010. Of the 275.0 million &#32;shares registered pursuant to the Follow-on Offering, we offered up to 250.0 million &#32;shares in our primary offering at a price of $10.00 &#32;per share and up to 25.0 million &#32;shares pursuant to the DRIP at a price of $9.50 &#32;per share. We ceased issuing shares in the Follow-on Offering on April 27, 2012. At the completion of the Follow-on Offering, a total of approximately 262.2 million &#32;shares of common stock had been issued, including approximately 242.9 million &#32;shares issued in the primary offering and approximately 19.3 million &#32;shares issued pursuant to the DRIP. The remaining 12.8 million &#32;unsold shares in the Follow-on Offering were deregistered. In addition, we registered 75.0 million &#32;shares of common stock under the DRIP pursuant to a registration statement filed on Form S-3 (the ";DRIP Offering"; and collectively with the Initial Offering and Follow-on Offering, the ";Offerings";), which was filed with the SEC on March 14, 2012 and automatically became effective with the SEC upon filing. We will continue to issue shares of common stock under the DRIP Offering until such time as our shares are listed on a national securities exchange or our DRIP Offering is otherwise terminated by our board of directors. As of December 31, 2012 , we had issued approximately 492.1 million &#32;shares of our common stock in the Offerings, including approximately 12.4 million &#32;shares issued in the DRIP Offering. We had aggregate gross proceeds from the Offerings of $4.9 billion &#32;(including shares sold pursuant to the DRIP) as of December 31, 2012 , before share redemptions of $122.4 million &#32;and offering costs, selling commissions and dealer management fees of $463.2 million . 3 Table of Contents On March 5, 2013, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the ";Merger Agreement";) with Cole Holdings Corporation (";Holdings";), CREInvestments, LLC (";Merger Sub";) and Christopher H. Cole. The Merger Agreement provides for the merger of Holdings with and into Merger Sub (the ";Merger";), with Merger Sub surviving and continuing its existence under the laws of the state of Maryland as our wholly owned subsidiary. The consummation of the Merger is subject to various conditions. Upon consummation of the Merger, we intend to list our shares of common stock on the New York Stock Exchange (the ";NYSE";). Refer to Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion regarding the Merger. On March 19, 2013, our board of directors received an unsolicited proposal from American Realty Capital Properties, Inc. (";ARCP";) to acquire our Company for a combination of cash and shares of ARCP common stock. The special committee of our board of directors, which consists of all of our independent directors (the ";Special Committee";), reviewed the unsolicited proposal from ARCP and determined that the proposed sale to ARCP would not be in the best interests of our Company and our stockholders. Further, the Special Committee affirmed its commitment to the Merger. The Special Committee noted that Holdings is a full-scale real estate investment management firm that currently manages over $12.0 billion of real estate assets for over 160,000 individual investors represented by more than 13,000 financial advisors. On March 27, 2013, our board of directors received a revised unsolicited proposal from ARCP to acquire our Company after the Merger, for a combination of cash and shares of ARCP common stock. The Special Committee is currently reviewing the revised proposal from ARCP. There are no assurances that the proposed Merger will be consummated on the expected timetable, or at all. If the Merger is consummated, it is expected to increase the scope of our business and as a result our 2012 results of operations may not necessarily be representative of our future results of operations. Unless otherwise stated, all disclosures and discussion in this Form 10-K do not include the expected effects of the Merger. Investment Objectives Our primary investment objectives are: &#8226; to acquire quality commercial real estate properties, leased under long-term net leases to creditworthy tenants, which provide current operating cash flows; &#8226; to provide reasonably stable, current income for our stockholders through the payment of cash distributions; and &#8226; to provide the opportunity to participate in capital appreciation in the value of our investments. We cannot assure investors that we will achieve these investment objectives. Our board of directors may revise our investment policies, as described below, without the concurrence of our stockholders. However, our board of directors will not amend our charter, including any investment policies that are provided in our charter, without the concurrence of a majority of the outstanding shares, except for amendments that do not adversely affect the rights, preferences and privileges of our stockholders. Our independent directors review our investment policies at least annually to determine that our policies are in the best interest of our stockholders. Acquisition and Investment Policies Types of Investments &#32; We invest primarily in income-producing necessity retail properties that are single-tenant or multi-tenant ";power centers,"; which are leased to national and regional creditworthy tenants under long-term net leases, and are strategically located throughout the United States and U.S. protectorates. Necessity retail properties are properties leased to retail tenants that attract consumers for everyday needs, such as pharmacies, home improvement stores, national superstores, restaurants and regional retailers. For over three decades, our sponsor, Cole Real Estate Investments, has developed and utilized this investment approach in acquiring and managing core commercial real estate assets primarily in the retail sector but in the office and industrial sectors as well. We believe that our sponsor';s experience in assembling real estate portfolios, which principally focus on national and regional creditworthy tenants subject to long-term leases, will provide us with a competitive advantage. In addition, our sponsor has built a business of over 350 employees, who are experienced in the various aspects of acquiring, financing and managing commercial real estate, and that our access to these resources also will provide us with an advantage. 4 Table of Contents We also have invested and expect to continue to invest in other income-producing properties, such as office and industrial properties, which may share certain core characteristics with our retail investments, such as a principal creditworthy tenant, a long-term net lease, and a strategic location. Investments in these types of office and industrial properties, which are essential to the business operations of the tenant, will assist in accomplishing our goal of providing investors with a relatively stable stream of current income and an opportunity for capital appreciation. We have and expect to continue to further diversify our portfolio by making and investing in mortgage, bridge or mezzanine loans, or in participations in such loans, secured directly or indirectly by the same types of commercial properties that we may acquire directly, and we may invest in other real estate-related securities. We have and may continue to acquire properties under development or that require substantial refurbishment or renovation. We also have acquired and may continue to acquire majority or minority interests in other entities (or business units of such entities) with investment objectives similar to ours or with management, investment or development capabilities that our board of directors deems desirable or advantageous to acquire. We are also authorized to invest in preferred real estate-related equity securities. We will not forgo a high quality investment because it does not precisely fit our expected portfolio composition. Our board of directors has broad discretion to change our investment policies in order for us to achieve our investment objectives. Many of our properties are leased to large national retailers in the chain or franchise industry, including but not limited to convenience stores, drug stores and restaurant properties or are leased to large national retailers, either standing alone as a single tenant property or as part of ";power centers,"; which are comprised of big box national, regional and local retailers. We also have acquired and may acquire additional grocery anchored multi-tenant retail properties. Our advisor monitors industry trends and identifies properties on our behalf that serve to provide a favorable return balanced with risk. Our management primarily targets regional or national name brand retail businesses with established track records. We generally intend to hold each property for a period in excess of five years. We believe that our general focus on the acquisition of a large number of single-tenant and multi-tenant necessity retail properties net leased to creditworthy tenants presents lower investment risks and greater stability than other sectors of today';s commercial real estate market. By acquiring a large number of single-tenant and multi-tenant retail properties, we believe that lower than expected results of operations from one or a few investments will not necessarily preclude our ability to realize our investment objective of cash flow from our overall portfolio. We believe this approach can result in less risk to investors than an investment approach that targets other asset classes. In addition, we believe that retail properties under long-term triple net and double net leases offer a distinct investment advantage since these properties generally require less management and operating capital, have less recurring tenant turnover and, with respect to single-tenant properties, often offer superior locations that are less dependent on the financial stability of adjoining tenants. In addition, since we acquire properties that are geographically diverse, we expect to minimize the potential adverse impact of economic slowdowns or downturns in local markets. Our management believes that a portfolio consisting of both freestanding, single-tenant retail properties and multi-tenant retail properties anchored by large national retailers will enhance our liquidity opportunities for investors by making the sale of individual properties, multiple properties or our investment portfolio as a whole attractive to institutional investors and by making a possible listing of our shares attractive to the public investment community. To the extent feasible, we seek to achieve a well-balanced portfolio diversified by geographic location, age and lease maturities of the various properties. We pursue properties leased to tenants representing a variety of retail industries to avoid concentration in any one industry. These industries include all types of retail establishments, such as big box retailers, convenience stores, drug stores and restaurant properties. Tenants of our properties also are diversified between national, regional and local brands. We generally target properties with lease terms in excess of ten years. We have acquired and may continue to acquire properties with shorter lease terms if the property is in an attractive location, if the property is difficult to replace, or if the property has other significant favorable attributes. We expect that these investments will provide long-term value by virtue of their size, location, quality and condition, and lease characteristics. We currently expect all of our acquisitions will be in the United States, including U.S. protectorates. Many retail companies today are entering into sale-leaseback arrangements as a strategy for applying capital that would otherwise be applied to their real estate holdings to their core operating businesses. We believe that our investment strategy will enable us to take advantage of the increased emphasis on retailers'; core business operations in today';s competitive corporate environment as many retailers attempt to divest from real estate assets. There is no limitation on the number, size or type of properties that we have acquired, or may continue to acquire, or on the percentage of net proceeds of the Offerings that may be invested in a single property. The number and mix of properties comprising our portfolio will depend upon real estate market conditions and other circumstances existing at the time we acquire properties, and the amount of proceeds raised in the Offerings. 5 Table of Contents We incur debt to acquire properties consistent with borrowing policies approved by our board of directors. In addition, from time to time, we have acquired and may continue to acquire some properties without financing and later incur mortgage debt secured by one or more of such properties if favorable financing terms are available. We use the proceeds from these loans to acquire additional properties. See ";--Borrowing Policies"; below for a more detailed description of our borrowing intentions and limitations. Real Estate Underwriting Process &#32; In evaluating potential property acquisitions consistent with our investment objectives, our advisor applies a well-established underwriting process to determine the creditworthiness of potential tenants. Similarly, our advisor applies credit underwriting criteria to possible new tenants when we are re-leasing properties in our portfolio. Many of the tenants of our properties are and will be national or regional retail chains that are creditworthy entities having high net worth and operating income. The underwriting process includes analyzing the financial data and other available information about the tenant, such as income statements, balance sheets, net worth, cash flow, business plans, data provided by industry credit rating services, and/or other information our advisor may deem relevant. Generally, these tenants must have a proven track record in order to meet the credit tests applied by our advisor. In addition, we may obtain guarantees of leases by the corporate parent of the tenant, in which case our advisor analyzes the creditworthiness of the guarantor. In evaluating the credit worthiness of a tenant or prospective tenant, our advisor may not always use specific quantifiable standards, and may consider many factors, including debt rating agencies, such as Moody';s and Standard & Poor';s, and/or the proposed terms of the acquisition. When using debt rating agencies, a tenant typically will be considered creditworthy when the tenant has an ";investment grade"; debt rating by Moody';s Investors Service (";Moody';s";) of Baa3 or better, credit rating by Standard & Poor';s Financial Services LLC (";Standard & Poor';s";) of BBB- or better, or its payments are guaranteed by a company with such rating. Changes in tenant credit ratings, coupled with future acquisition and disposition activity, may increase or decrease our concentration of creditworthy tenants in the future. However, other factors may be present that would cause us to consider a prospective tenant creditworthy even if it does not have an investment-grade rating. Other factors our advisor may consider include the operating history of the property with such tenant or tenants, the tenant';s or tenants'; market share and track record within its industry segment, the general health and outlook of the tenant';s or tenants'; industry segment, and the lease length and terms at the time of the acquisition. Moody';s ratings are opinions of future relative creditworthiness based on an evaluation of franchise value, financial statement analysis and management quality. The rating given to a debt obligation describes the level of risk associated with receiving full and timely payment of principal and interest on that specific debt obligation and how that risk compares with that of all other debt obligations. The rating, therefore, measures the ability of a company to generate cash in the future. A Moody';s debt rating of Baa3, which is the lowest investment grade rating given by Moody';s, is assigned to companies with adequate financial security. However, certain protective elements may be lacking or may be unreliable over any given period of time. A Moody';s debt rating of Aaa, which is the highest investment grade rating given by Moody';s, is assigned to companies with exceptional financial security. Thus, investment grade tenants will be judged by Moody';s to have at least adequate financial security, and will in some cases have exceptional financial security. Standard & Poor';s assigns a credit rating to companies and to each issuance or class of debt issued by a rated company. A Standard & Poor';s credit rating of BBB-, which is the lowest investment grade rating given by Standard & Poor';s, is assigned to companies that exhibit adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the company to meet its financial commitments. A Standard & Poor';s credit rating of AAA+, which is the highest investment grade rating given by Standard & Poor';s, is assigned to companies with extremely strong capacities to meet their financial commitments. Thus, investment grade tenants will be judged by Standard & Poor';s to have at least adequate protection parameters, and will in some cases have extremely strong financial positions. 6 Table of Contents Description of Leases &#32; We expect, in most instances, to continue to acquire tenant properties with existing leases. Many of our leases are what are known as triple net or double net leases. ";Net"; leases means leases that typically require tenants to pay all or a majority of the operating expenses, including real estate taxes, special assessments and sales and use taxes, utilities, insurance and building repairs related to the property, in addition to the lease payments. Triple net leases typically require the tenant to pay all costs associated with a property in addition to the base rent and percentage rent, if any. Double net leases typically hold the landlord responsible for the roof and structure, or other aspects of the property, while the tenant is responsible for all remaining expenses associated with the property. Triple net and double net leases help ensure the predictability and stability of our expenses, which we believe will result in greater predictability and stability of our cash distributions to stockholders. In respect of multi-tenant properties, we expect to continue to have a variety of lease arrangements with the tenants of these properties. Since each lease is an individually negotiated contract between two or more parties, each lease will have different obligations of both the landlord and tenant. Many large national tenants have standard lease forms that generally do not vary from property to property. We have limited ability to revise the terms of leases to those tenants. Office space may be subject to ";gross"; leases. ";Gross"; leases means leases that typically require the tenant to pay a flat rental amount and we would pay for all property charges regularly incurred by our ownership or the office. We anticipate that a majority of our future acquisitions will have lease terms of ten years or more at the time of the property acquisition. We have acquired and may continue to acquire properties under which the lease term has partially expired. We also may acquire properties with shorter lease terms if the property is in an attractive location, if the property is difficult to replace, or if the property has other significant favorable real estate attributes. Under most commercial leases, tenants are obligated to pay a predetermined annual base rent. Some of the leases also contain provisions that increase the amount of base rent payable at points during the lease term and/or that require the tenant to pay rent based upon a percentage of the tenant';s revenues. Percentage rent can be calculated based upon a number of factors. Under triple and double net leases, the tenants are generally required to pay the real estate taxes, insurance, utilities and common area maintenance charges associated with the properties. Generally, the leases require each tenant to procure, at its own expense, commercial general liability insurance, as well as property insurance covering the building for the full replacement value and naming the ownership entity and the lender, if applicable, as the additional insured on the policy. As a precautionary measure, we have obtained and may continue to obtain, to the extent available, secondary liability insurance, as well as loss of rents insurance that covers one year of annual rent in the event of a rental loss. We have purchased and may continue to purchase properties and lease them back to the sellers of such properties. While we use our best efforts to structure any such sale-leaseback transaction so that the lease will be characterized as a ";true lease"; and so that we are treated as the owner of the property for federal income tax purposes, the Internal Revenue Service (";IRS";) could challenge this characterization. In the event that any sale-leaseback transaction is re-characterized as a financing transaction for federal income tax purposes, deductions for depreciation and cost recovery relating to such property would be disallowed. Some leases require that we procure insurance for both commercial general liability and property damage; however, generally, the premiums are fully reimbursable from the tenant. In such instances, the policy will list us as the named insured and the tenant as the additional insured. Tenants are required to provide proof of insurance by furnishing a certificate of insurance to our advisor on an annual basis. The insurance certificates are tracked and reviewed for compliance by our advisor';s property and risk management departments. In general, we do not permit leases to be assigned or subleased without our prior written consent. If we do consent to an assignment or sublease, generally the original tenant will remain fully liable under the lease unless we release that tenant from its obligations under the lease. Real Estate Investment Decisions &#32; Our advisor has substantial discretion with respect to the selection of our specific investments, subject to our investment and borrowing policies, which are approved by our board of directors. In pursuing our investment objectives and making investment decisions on our behalf, our advisor evaluates the proposed terms of the investment against all aspects of the transaction, including the condition and financial performance of the asset, the terms of existing leases and the creditworthiness of the tenant, and property location and characteristics. Because the factors considered, including the specific weight we place on each factor, vary for each potential investment, we do not, and are not able to, assign a specific weight or level of importance to any particular factor. 7 Table of Contents Our advisor procures and reviews an independent valuation estimate on the proposed investment. In addition, our advisor, to the extent such information is available, considers the following: &#8226; tenant rolls and tenant creditworthiness; &#8226; a property condition report; &#8226; unit level store performance; &#8226; property location, visibility and access; &#8226; age of the property, physical condition and curb appeal; &#8226; neighboring property uses; &#8226; local market conditions including vacancy rates; &#8226; area demographics, including trade area population and average household income; &#8226; neighborhood growth patterns and economic conditions; &#8226; presence of nearby properties that may positively or negatively impact store sales at the subject property; and &#8226; lease terms including length of lease term, scope of landlord responsibilities, presence and frequency of contractual rental increases, renewal option provisions, exclusive and permitted use provisions, co-tenancy requirements, tenant purchase options, termination options, projected net cash flow yield and projected internal rates of return. Our advisor considers whether properties are leased by, or have leases guaranteed by, companies that maintain an investment grade rating by either Standard and Poor';s or Moody';s Investor Services. Our advisor also will consider non-rated and non-investment grade rated tenants that we consider creditworthy, as described in ";--Real Estate Underwriting Process"; above. Conditions to Closing Our Real Estate Acquisitions &#32; Generally, we condition our obligation to close the purchase of any real estate investment on the delivery and verification of certain documents from the seller or developer, including, where appropriate: &#8226; plans and specifications; &#8226; surveys; &#8226; evidence of marketable title, subject to such liens and encumbrances as are acceptable to CR III Advisors; &#8226; financial statements covering recent operations of properties having operating histories; &#8226; title and liability insurance policies; and &#8226; tenant estoppel certificates. We generally will not purchase any property unless and until we also obtain what is generally referred to as a ";Phase I"; environmental site assessment and are generally satisfied with the environmental status of the property. However, we may purchase a property without obtaining such assessment if our advisor determines the assessment is not necessary under the circumstances. A Phase I environmental site assessment basically consists of a visual survey of the building and the property in an attempt to identify areas of potential environmental concerns, visually observing neighboring properties to assess surface conditions or activities that may have an adverse environmental impact on the property, and contacting local governmental agency personnel who perform a regulatory agency file search in an attempt to determine any known environmental concerns in the immediate vicinity of the property. A Phase I environmental site assessment does not generally include any sampling or testing of soil, ground water or building materials from the property and may not reveal all environmental hazards on a property. 8 Table of Contents We have and may continue to enter into purchase and sale arrangements with a seller or developer of a suitable property under development or construction. In such cases, we are obligated to purchase the property at the completion of construction, provided that the construction conforms to definitive plans, specifications, and costs approved by us in advance. In such cases, prior to our acquiring the property, we generally would receive a certificate of an architect, engineer or other appropriate party, stating that the property complies with all plans and specifications. If renovation or remodeling is required prior to the purchase of a property, we expect to pay a negotiated maximum amount to the seller upon completion. We do not currently intend to construct or develop properties or to render any services in connection with such development or construction but we may do so in the future. In determining whether to purchase a particular property, we may, in accordance with customary practices, obtain an option on such property. The amount paid for an option, if any, normally is surrendered if the property is not purchased and normally is credited against the purchase price if the property is purchased. In purchasing, leasing and developing properties, we will be subject to risks generally incident to the ownership of real estate. See Item 1A. ";Risk Factors--General Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate."; Ownership Structure &#32; Our investment in real estate generally takes the form of holding fee title or a long-term leasehold estate. We acquire such interests either directly through our operating partnership or indirectly through limited liability companies, limited partnerships or other entities owned and/or controlled by our operating partnership. We have acquired and may continue to acquire properties by acquiring the entity that holds the desired properties. We also have acquired and may continue to acquire properties through investments in joint ventures, partnerships, co-tenancies or other co-ownership arrangements with third parties, including the developers of the properties or affiliates of our advisor. Joint Venture Investments &#32; We may enter into joint ventures, partnerships, co-tenancies and other co-ownership arrangements with affiliated entities of our advisor, including other real estate programs sponsored by affiliates of our advisor, and other third parties for the acquisition, development or improvement of properties or the acquisition of other real estate-related investments. We have and may continue to also enter into such arrangements with real estate developers, owners and other unaffiliated third parties for the purpose of developing, owning and operating real properties. In determining whether to invest in a particular joint venture, our advisor evaluates the underlying real property or other real estate-related investment using the same criteria described above in ";--Real Estate Investment Decisions"; for the selection of our real property investments. Our advisor also evaluates the joint venture or co-ownership partner and the proposed terms of the joint venture or a co-ownership arrangement. Our general policy is to invest in joint ventures only when we will have a right of first refusal to purchase the co-venturer';s interest in the joint venture if the co-venturer elects to sell such interest. In the event that the co-venturer elects to sell all or a portion of the interests held in any such joint venture, however, we may not have sufficient funds to exercise our right of first refusal to buy the other co-venturer';s interest in the joint venture. In the event that any joint venture with an affiliated entity holds interests in more than one asset, the interest in each such asset may be specially allocated between us and the joint venture partner based upon the respective proportion of funds deemed invested by each co-venturer in each such asset. Our advisor';s officers and key persons may have conflicts of interest in determining which real estate program sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments should enter into any particular joint venture agreement. The co-venturer may have economic or business interests or goals that are or may become inconsistent with our business interests or goals. In addition, our advisor';s officers and key persons may face a conflict in structuring the terms of the relationship between our interests and the interest of the affiliated co-venturer and in managing the joint venture. Since some or all of our advisor';s officers and key persons will also advise the affiliated co-venturer, agreements and transactions between us and any other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments co-venturer will not have the benefit of arm';s-length negotiation of the type normally conducted between unrelated co-venturers, which may result in the co-venturer receiving benefits greater than the benefits that we receive. In addition, we may assume liabilities related to the joint venture that exceed the percentage of our investment in the joint venture. We may enter into joint ventures with other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments, or with our sponsor, our advisor, one or more of our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, only if a majority of our directors (including a majority of our independent directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction approve the transaction as being fair and reasonable to us and on substantially the same terms and conditions as those received by unaffiliated joint venturers. 9 Table of Contents Investing in and Originating Loans &#32; Our criteria for making or investing in loans is substantially the same as those involved in our investment in properties. We do not intend to make loans to other persons, to underwrite securities of other issuers or to engage in the purchase and sale of any types of investments other than those relating to real estate. However, unlike our property investments which we expect to hold in excess of five years, we expect that the average duration of loans will typically be one to five years. We are not limited as to the amount of gross offering proceeds that we may apply to mortgage loan investments. We do not expect to make or invest in loans that are not directly or indirectly secured by real estate. We will not make or invest in mortgage loans on any one property if the aggregate amount of all mortgage loans outstanding on the property, including our loan, would exceed an amount equal to 85% of the appraised value of the property, as determined by an independent third party appraiser, unless we find substantial justification due to other underwriting criteria. We may find such justification in connection with the purchase of loans in cases in which we believe there is a high probability of our foreclosure upon the property in order to acquire the underlying assets and in which the cost of the loan investment does not exceed the fair market value of the underlying property. We will not invest in or make loans unless an appraisal has been obtained concerning the underlying property, except for those loans insured or guaranteed by a government or government agency. In cases in which a majority of our independent directors so determine and in the event the transaction is with our advisor, any of our directors or their respective affiliates, the appraisal will be obtained from a certified independent appraiser to support its determination of fair market value. We may invest in first, second and third mortgage loans, mezzanine loans, bridge loans, wraparound mortgage loans, construction mortgage loans on real property, and loans on leasehold interest mortgages. However, we will not make or invest in any loans that are subordinate to any mortgage or equity interest of our advisor or any of its or our affiliates. We also may invest in participations in mortgage loans. A mezzanine loan is a loan made in respect of certain real property but is secured by a lien on the ownership interests of the entity that, directly or indirectly, owns the real property. A bridge loan is short term financing, for an individual or business, until permanent or the next stage of financing, can be obtained. Second mortgage and wraparound loans are secured by second or wraparound deeds of trust on real property that is already subject to prior mortgage indebtedness. A wraparound loan is one or more junior mortgage loans having a principal amount equal to the outstanding balance under the existing mortgage loan, plus the amount actually to be advanced under the wraparound mortgage loan. Under a wraparound loan, we would generally make principal and interest payments on behalf of the borrower to the holders of the prior mortgage loans. Third mortgage loans are secured by third deeds of trust on real property that is already subject to prior first and second mortgage indebtedness. Construction loans are loans made for either original development or renovation of property. Construction loans in which we would generally consider an investment would be secured by first deeds of trust on real property for terms of six months to two years. Loans on leasehold interests are secured by an assignment of the borrower';s leasehold interest in the particular real property. These loans are generally for terms of from six months to 15 years. The leasehold interest loans are either amortized over a period that is shorter than the lease term or have a maturity date prior to the date the lease terminates. These loans would generally permit us to cure any default under the lease. Mortgage participation investments are investments in partial interests of mortgages of the type described above that are made and administered by third-party mortgage lenders. In evaluating prospective loan investments, our advisor will consider factors such as the following: &#8226; the ratio of the investment amount to the underlying property';s value; &#8226; the property';s potential for capital appreciation; &#8226; expected levels of rental and occupancy rates; &#8226; the condition and use of the property; &#8226; current and projected cash flow of the property; &#8226; potential for rent increases; &#8226; the degree of liquidity of the investment; &#8226; the property';s income-producing capacity; &#8226; the quality, experience and creditworthiness of the borrower; &#8226; general economic conditions in the area where the property is located; 10 Table of Contents &#8226; in the case of mezzanine loans, the ability to acquire the underlying real property; and &#8226; other factors that our advisor believes are relevant. In addition, we will seek to obtain a customary lender';s title insurance policy or commitment as to the priority of the mortgage or condition of the title. Because the factors considered, including the specific weight we place on each factor, will vary for each prospective loan investment, we do not, and are not able to, assign a specific weight or level of importance to any particular factor. We may originate loans from mortgage brokers or personal solicitations of suitable borrowers, or may purchase existing loans that were originated by other lenders. Our advisor will evaluate all potential loan investments to determine if the security for the loan and the loan-to-value ratio meets our investment criteria and objectives. Most loans that we will consider for investment would provide for monthly payments of interest and some may also provide for principal amortization, although many loans of the nature that we will consider provide for payments of interest only and a payment of principal in full at the end of the loan term. We will not originate loans with negative amortization provisions. We do not have any policies directing the portion of our assets that may be invested in construction loans, mezzanine loans, bridge loans, loans secured by leasehold interests and second, third and wraparound mortgage loans. However, we recognize that these types of loans are riskier than first deeds of trust or first priority on income-producing, fee-simple properties, and we expect to minimize the amount of these types of loans in our portfolio, to the extent that we make or invest in loans at all. Our advisor will evaluate the fact that these types of loans are riskier in determining the rate of interest on the loans. We do not have any policy that limits the amount that we may invest in any single loan or the amount we may invest in loans to any one borrower. We are not limited as to the amount of gross offering proceeds that we may use to invest in or originate loans. Our loan investments may be subject to regulation by federal, state and local authorities and subject to various laws and judicial and administrative decisions imposing various requirements and restrictions, including among other things, regulating credit granting activities, establishing maximum interest rates and finance charges, requiring disclosures to customers, governing secured transactions and setting collection, repossession and claims handling procedures and other trade practices. In addition, certain states have enacted legislation requiring the licensing of mortgage bankers or other lenders and these requirements may affect our ability to effectuate our proposed investments in loans. Commencement of operations in these or other jurisdictions may be dependent upon a finding of our financial responsibility, character and fitness. We may determine not to make loans in any jurisdiction in which the regulatory authority determines that we have not complied in all material respects with applicable requirements. Investment in Other Real Estate-Related Securities &#32; If approved by a majority of directors (including a majority of independent directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction as fair, competitive and commercially reasonable, we may invest in common and preferred real estate-related equity securities of both publicly traded and private real estate companies. Our board of directors (including all of our independent directors) has authorized us to invest in preferred real estate-related equity securities, provided that such investments do not exceed the limitations contained in any credit facility or other agreement to which we are a party. Real estate-related equity securities are generally unsecured and also may be subordinated to other obligations of the issuer. Our investments in real estate-related equity securities will involve special risks relating to the particular issuer of the equity securities, including the financial condition and business outlook of the issuer. Also, we have and may continue to make investments in CMBS. CMBS are securities that evidence interests in, or are secured by, a single commercial mortgage loan or a pool of commercial mortgage loans. CMBS are generally pass-through certificates that represent beneficial ownership interests in common law trusts whose assets consist of defined portfolios of one or more commercial mortgage loans. They are typically issued in multiple tranches whereby the more senior classes are entitled to priority distributions from the trust';s income. Losses and other shortfalls from expected amounts to be received on the mortgage pool are borne by the most subordinate classes, which receive payments only after the more senior classes have received all principal and/or interest to which they are entitled. CMBS are subject to all of the risks of the underlying mortgage loans. We have and may continue to invest in investment grade and non-investment grade CMBS classes. 11 Table of Contents Development and Construction of Properties We have and may continue to invest in properties on which improvements are to be constructed or completed or which require substantial renovation or refurbishment, provided that we will not invest more than 10% of our total assets in unimproved properties or in mortgage loans secured by such properties. We will consider a property to be an unimproved property if it was not acquired for the purpose of producing rental or other operating cash flows, has no development or construction in process at the time of acquisition and no development or construction is planned to commence within one year of the acquisition. To help ensure performance by the builders of properties that are under construction, completion of such properties will be guaranteed at the contracted price by a completion guaranty, completion bond or performance bond. Our advisor will enter into contracts on our behalf with contractors or developers for such construction services. If we contract with an affiliate of our advisor for such services, we will obtain the approval of a majority of our independent directors that the contract is fair and reasonable to us and on terms and conditions not less favorable to us than those available from unaffiliated third parties. Our advisor may rely upon the substantial net worth of the contractor or developer or a personal guarantee accompanied by financial statements showing a substantial net worth provided by an affiliate of the person entering into the construction or development contract as an alternative to a completion bond or performance bond. Development of real estate properties is subject to risks relating to a builder';s ability to control construction costs or to build in conformity with plans, specifications and timetables. See Item 1A. ";Risk Factors--General Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate."; Additionally, we may engage our advisor or an affiliate of our advisor to provide development related services for all or some of the properties that we acquire for development or refurbishment. In those cases, we will pay our advisor or its affiliate a development fee that is usual and customary for comparable services rendered for similar projects in the geographic market where the services are provided if a majority of our independent directors determines that such development fees are fair and reasonable and on terms and conditions not less favorable than those available from unaffiliated third parties. However, we will not pay a development fee to our advisor or its affiliate if the advisor or any of its affiliates elects to receive an acquisition fee based on the cost of such development. In the event that our advisor assists with planning and coordinating the construction of any tenant improvements or capital improvements, our advisor may be paid up to 5% of the cost of such improvements. We have and may continue to make periodic progress payments or other cash advances to developers and builders of our properties prior to completion of construction only upon receipt of an architect';s certification as to the percentage of the project then completed and as to the dollar amount of the construction then completed. We use such additional controls on disbursements to builders and developers as we deem necessary or prudent. We may directly employ one or more project managers, including our advisor or an affiliate of our advisor, to plan, supervise and implement the development of any unimproved properties that we may acquire. Such persons would be compensated directly by us or through an affiliate of our advisor and reimbursed by us. In either event, the compensation would reduce the amount of any construction fee, development fee or acquisition fee that we would otherwise pay to our advisor or its affiliate. Borrowing Policies &#32; Our advisor believes that utilizing borrowing is consistent with our investment objective of maximizing the return to investors. By operating on a leveraged basis, we have more funds available for investment in properties. This allows us to make more investments than would otherwise be possible, resulting in a more diversified portfolio. There is no limitation on the amount we may borrow against any single improved property. However, pursuant to our charter, we are required to limit our aggregate borrowings to 75% of the cost (or 300% of net assets) (before deducting depreciation or other non-cash reserves) unless excess borrowing is approved by a majority of the independent directors and disclosed to our stockholders in the next quarterly report along with the justification for such excess borrowing. Our board of directors has adopted a policy to further limit our borrowings to 60% of the greater of cost (before deducting depreciation or other non-cash reserves) or fair market value of our gross assets unless such borrowing is approved by a majority of the independent directors and disclosed to our stockholders in the next quarterly report along with a justification for such excess borrowing. As of December 31, 2012 , we had a ratio of debt to total gross real estate and related assets net of gross intangible lease liabilities of 45% . 12 Table of Contents Our advisor uses its best efforts to obtain financing on the most favorable terms available to us. Our advisor has substantial discretion with respect to the financing we obtain, subject to our borrowing policies, which are approved by our board of directors. Lenders may have recourse to assets not securing the repayment of the indebtedness. Our advisor may refinance properties during the term of a loan only in limited circumstances, such as when a decline in interest rates makes it beneficial to prepay an existing mortgage, when an existing mortgage matures or if an attractive investment becomes available and the proceeds from the refinancing can be used to purchase such investment. The benefits of the refinancing may include increased cash flow resulting from reduced debt service requirements and an increase in property ownership if some refinancing proceeds are reinvested in real estate. Our ability to increase our diversification through borrowing may be adversely impacted if banks and other lending institutions reduce the amount of funds available for loans secured by real estate. When interest rates on mortgage loans are high or financing is otherwise unavailable on a timely basis, we have purchased and may continue to purchase properties for cash with the intention of obtaining a mortgage loan for a portion of the purchase price at a later time. To the extent that we do not obtain mortgage loans on our properties, our ability to acquire additional properties will be restricted and we may not be able to adequately diversify our portfolio. Beginning in late 2007, domestic and international financial markets experienced significant disruptions that were brought about in large part by challenges in the world-wide banking system. These disruptions severely impacted the availability of credit and contributed to rising costs associated with obtaining credit. Since 2010, the volume of mortgage lending for commercial real estate has been increasing and lending terms have improved and they continue to improve; however, such lending activity continues to be significantly less than previous levels. Although lending market conditions have continued to improve, certain factors continue to negatively affect the lending environment, including the sovereign credit issues of certain countries in the European Union. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, more stringent lending criteria, which may affect our ability to finance certain property acquisitions or refinance our debt at maturity. Additionally, for properties for which we are able to obtain financing, the interest rates and other terms on such loans may be unacceptable. We have managed, and expect to continue to manage, the current mortgage lending environment by considering alternative lending sources, including the securitization of debt, utilizing fixed rate loans, borrowing on our existing credit facility (the ";Credit Facility";), short-term variable rate loans, assuming existing mortgage loans in connection with property acquisitions, or entering into interest rate lock or swap agreements, or any combination of the foregoing. We may not borrow money from any of our directors or from our advisor or its affiliates unless such loan is approved by a majority of the directors not otherwise interested in the transaction (including a majority of the independent directors) as fair, competitive and commercially reasonable and no less favorable to us than a comparable loan between unaffiliated parties. During the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , we did not acquire any properties or borrow any funds from affiliates of our advisor. Disposition Policies We intend to hold each property we acquire for an extended period of time, generally eight to ten years from the time of acquisition. Holding periods for other real estate-related investments will vary. However, circumstances might arise that could result in the early sale of some properties. We have sold, and may continue to sell, properties before the end of their expected holding period if we believe the sale of the property would be in the best interests of our stockholders. During the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , we sold 28 &#32;properties for an aggregate gross sales price of $573.8 million &#32;and recorded a gain of $108.5 million . See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on form 10-K for additional information on the sales. The determination of whether a particular property should be sold or otherwise disposed of is made after consideration of relevant factors, including prevailing economic conditions and current tenant creditworthiness, with a view to achieving maximum capital appreciation. There can be no assurance that this objective will be realized. The selling price of a property that is net leased is determined in part by the amount of rent payable remaining under the lease and the economic conditions at that time. In connection with our sales of properties we may lend the purchaser all or a portion of the purchase price. In these instances, our taxable income may exceed the cash received in the sale. The terms of payment will be affected by customs in the area in which the property being sold is located and the then-prevailing economic conditions. 13 Table of Contents Conflicts of Interest We are subject to various conflicts of interest arising out of our relationship with CR III Advisors and its affiliates, including conflicts related to the arrangements pursuant to which we will compensate our advisor and its affiliates. While our independent directors will act on our behalf, our agreements and compensation arrangements with our advisor and its affiliates may not be determined by arm';s-length negotiations, since the approval process may be impacted by the fact that our stockholders invested with the understanding and expectation that an affiliate of Cole Real Estate Investments would act as our advisor. Some of the potential conflicts of interest in our transactions with our advisor and its affiliates, and certain conflict resolution procedures set forth in our charter, are described below. Although we cannot guarantee that the Merger will be consummated, we believe that the Merger would have the effect of reducing the conflicts of interest we currently experience as a result of being externally managed. Our independent directors have an obligation to function on our behalf in all situations in which a conflict of interest may arise, and all of our directors have a fiduciary obligation to act on behalf of our stockholders. Interests in Other Real Estate Programs and Other Concurrent Offerings Our officers and affiliates of our advisor endeavor to balance our interests with the interests of real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments to whom they owe duties. However, to the extent that these persons take actions that are more favorable to other entities than to us, these actions could have a negative impact on our financial performance and, consequently, on distributions to our stockholders and the value of our stock. In addition, our directors, officers and certain of our stockholders may engage for their own account in business activities of the types conducted or to be conducted by our subsidiaries and us. Affiliates of our advisor act as an advisor to, and Christopher H. Cole, our chairman, president and chief executive officer, and D. Kirk McAllaster, Jr., our executive vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer, act as officers and/or directors of Cole Credit Property Trust, Inc. (";CCPT I";), Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc. (";CCPT II";), Cole Corporate Income Trust, Inc. (";CCIT";), Cole Real Estate Income Strategy (Daily NAV), Inc. (";Cole Income NAV Strategy";) and/or Cole Credit Property Trust IV, Inc. (";CCPT IV";), REITs that have investment objectives and targeted assets similar to ours. In addition, Marc T. Nemer, one of our directors, also is a director of CCPT I, CCIT, Cole Income NAV Strategy and CCPT IV, one of our independent directors also is an independent director of CCIT, and another one of our independent directors also is an independent director of CCPT IV. CCPT I, CCPT II and CCPT IV focus primarily on the retail sector, CCIT is focused on the office and industrial sectors, and Cole Income NAV Strategy focuses on the retail, office and industrial sectors. CCPT I and CCPT II are no longer offering shares for investment. CCPT I may seek to acquire additional properties using proceeds from the sale of one or more of its assets, which may be similar to properties in which we invest. On January 22, 2013, CCPT II entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Spirit Reality Capital, Inc., a publicly listed REIT. The transaction is expected to close during the third quarter of 2013. CCIT commenced an initial public offering of up to $2.975 billion of shares of common stock in February 2011. Cole Income NAV Strategy commenced an initial public offering of up to $4.0 billion of shares of common stock in December 2011. CCPT IV commenced an initial public offering of up to $2.975 billion of shares of common stock in January 2012. CCPT IV is an active investor in real estate and real estate-related investments, and the investment objective and strategy of CCPT IV overlaps with our investment objective and strategy, thereby increasing the likelihood of potential acquisitions being appropriate for CCPT IV and for us. CCIT and Cole Income NAV Strategy also are active investors in real estate and real estate-related investments, and, although CCIT focuses primarily on the office and industrial sector, and Cole Income NAV Strategy focuses on commercial properties in the retail, office and industrial sectors, we anticipate that many investments that will be appropriate for investment by us also will be appropriate for investment by CCIT and Cole Income NAV Strategy. Affiliates of our advisor, and entities owned or managed by such affiliates, also may acquire or develop real estate for their own accounts, and have done so in the past. Furthermore, affiliates of advisor, and entities owned or managed by such affiliates, intend to form additional real estate investment entities in the future, whether public or private, which can be expected to have the same or similar investment objectives and policies as we do and which may be involved in the same geographic area. Our advisor, its affiliates and affiliates of our directors and officers are not obligated to present to us any particular investment opportunity that comes to their attention, even if such opportunity is of a character that might be suitable for investment by us. Our advisor and its affiliates, as well as our officers and affiliated directors, likely will experience conflicts of interest as they simultaneously perform services for us and other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments. 14 Table of Contents Any real estate program sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments, whether or not currently existing, could compete with us in the sale or operation of our assets. We will seek to achieve any operating efficiencies or similar savings that may result from affiliated management of competitive assets. However, to the extent such programs own or acquire property that is adjacent, or in close proximity, to a property we own, our property may compete with other program';s property for tenants or purchasers. Every transaction that we enter into with our advisor or its affiliates is subject to an inherent conflict of interest. Our board of directors may encounter conflicts of interest in enforcing our rights against our advisor or its affiliates in the event of a default by or disagreement with any of them or in invoking powers, rights or options pursuant to any agreement between us and our advisor, any of its affiliates or another real estate program sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments. Other Activities of CR III Advisors and its Affiliates We rely on CR III Advisors for the day-to-day operation of our business. As a result of the interests of members of its management in other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments and the fact that they also are engaged and will continue to engage in other business activities, CR III Advisors and its officers, key persons and respective affiliates have conflicts of interest in allocating their time between us and other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments and other activities in which they are involved. However, CR III Advisors believes that it and its affiliates have sufficient personnel to discharge fully their responsibilities to all of the real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments and other ventures in which they are involved. In addition, some of our executive officers also serve as an officer of our advisor, our property manager, our dealer manager and/or other affiliated entities. As a result, these individuals owe fiduciary duties to these other entities, as applicable, which may conflict with the fiduciary duties that he owes to us and our stockholders. Transactions with Our Advisor and its Affiliates Other than as set forth below, our board of directors has adopted a policy to prohibit acquisitions and loans from or to affiliates of our advisor. From time to time, our advisor may direct certain of its affiliates to acquire properties that would be suitable investments for us or our advisor may create special purpose entities to acquire properties that would be suitable investments for us. Subsequently, we may acquire such properties from such affiliates of our advisor but only at cost, including acquisition-related expenses. In addition, any and all acquisitions from affiliates of our advisor must be approved by a majority of our directors, including a majority of our independent directors, not otherwise interested in such transaction as being fair and reasonable to us and at a price to us that is no greater than the cost of the property to the affiliate of our advisor. In no event will we acquire a property from an affiliate of our advisor if the cost to us would exceed the property';s current appraised value as determined by an independent appraiser. From time to time, we may borrow funds from affiliates of our advisor, including our sponsor, as bridge financing to enable us to acquire a property when offering proceeds alone are insufficient to do so and third party financing has not been arranged. Any and all such transactions must be approved by a majority of our directors, including a majority of our independent directors, not otherwise interested in such transaction as fair, competitive and commercially reasonable, and no less favorable to us than comparable loans between unaffiliated parties; provided, however, that our advisor or its affiliates has paid and may continue to pay costs on our behalf, pending our reimbursement, or we may defer payment of fees to our advisor or its affiliates, neither of which would be considered a loan. During the years ended December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , we did not purchase any properties or borrow any funds from affiliates of our advisor. Potential Conflicts in Acquiring, Leasing and Reselling of Properties There is a risk that a potential investment would be suitable for one or more real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments, in which case the officers of our advisor and its affiliates will have a conflict of interest allocating the investment opportunity to us or another program. There is a risk that our advisor will choose a property that provides lower returns to us than a property purchased by another real estate program sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments. However, in such event, our advisor and the advisors to the other programs, with oversight by their respective boards of directors, will determine which program will be first presented with the opportunity. Additionally, our property manager may cause a prospective tenant to enter into a lease for property owned by another real estate program sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments. In the event that these conflicts arise, our best interests may not be met when persons acting on our behalf and on behalf of other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments decide whether to allocate any particular property to us or to another real estate program sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments. 15 Table of Contents Conflicts of interest will exist to the extent that we may acquire, or seek to acquire, properties in the same geographic areas where properties owned by other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments are located. In such a case, a conflict could arise in the acquisition or leasing of properties in the event that we and another real estate program sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments were to compete for the same properties or tenants, or a conflict could arise in connection with the resale of properties in the event that we and another real estate program sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments were to attempt to sell similar properties at the same time including in particular in the event another real estate program sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments liquidates at approximately the same time as us. Conflicts of interest may also exist at such time as we or our affiliates managing property on our behalf seek to employ developers, contractors or building managers, as well as under other circumstances. Our advisor will seek to reduce conflicts relating to the employment of developers, contractors or building managers by making prospective employees aware of all such properties seeking to employ such persons. In addition, our advisor will seek to reduce conflicts that may arise with respect to properties available for sale or rent by making prospective purchasers or tenants aware of all such properties. However, these conflicts cannot be fully avoided in that there may be established differing compensation arrangements for employees at different properties or differing terms for re-sales or leasing of the various properties. Potential Conflicts of Affiliated Property Manager Currently, all of our properties are managed by our affiliated property manager, Cole Realty Advisors, Inc. (";Cole Realty";), pursuant to a property management and leasing agreement. Our agreement with Cole Realty has a one-year term, which may be renewed for an unlimited number of successive one-year terms upon the mutual consent of the parties. Cole Realty has and may continue to engage third parties to assist with certain property management functions under its supervision. Each such renewal shall be for a term of no more than one year. It is the duty of our board of directors to evaluate the performance of the property manager annually before renewing the agreement. Both Cole Realty and we may immediately terminate the agreement upon Cole Realty experiencing a bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation event. Cole Realty also serves as property manager for properties owned by other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments, some of which may be in competition with our properties. Management fees to be paid to our property manager are based on a percentage of the gross receipts received by the managed properties. Receipt of Fees and Other Compensation by CR III Advisors and Its Affiliates We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, commissions, fees and expenses payable to CR III Advisors and affiliates in connection with the Offerings and the acquisition and management of our assets, including selling commissions, dealer manager fees, acquisition and advisory fees, financing coordination fees, property management and leasing fees, asset management fees, real estate commissions, organization and offering expenses, acquisition expenses and operating expenses. In connection with the sale of properties, we may pay CR III Advisors and affiliates real estate commissions and subordinated participation in net sale proceeds and subordinated performance fees. However, the subordinated participation in net sale proceeds and the subordinated performance fees payable or reimbursable to CR III Advisors and its affiliates relating to the net sale proceeds from the sale of properties will only be payable after the return to the stockholders of their capital contributions plus cumulative returns on such capital. Subject to oversight by our board of directors, CR III Advisors will have considerable discretion with respect to all decisions relating to the terms and timing of all transactions. Therefore, CR III Advisors may have conflicts of interest concerning certain actions taken on our behalf, particularly due to the fact that such fees will generally be payable to CR III Advisors and its affiliates regardless of the quality of the properties acquired or the services provided to us. Employees We have no direct employees. The employees of CR III Advisors and other affiliates of our advisor provide services for us related to acquisition and disposition, property management, asset management, financing, accounting, investor relations, and administration. The employees of Cole Capital Corporation (";Cole Capital";), our dealer manager and an affiliate of our advisor, provided wholesale brokerage services. We are dependent on our advisor and its affiliates for services that are essential to us, including the sale of shares of our common stock, asset acquisition decisions, property management and other general administrative responsibilities. In the event that these companies were unable to provide these services to us, we would be required to obtain such services from other sources. If the Merger is completed, we will have over 350 employees and will handle all of these functions for ourselves and for other Cole-sponsored entities. 16 Table of Contents We reimburse CR III Advisors and its affiliates for expenses incurred in connection with its provision of administrative, acquisition, property management, asset management, financing, accounting, offering and investor relations services to us, including personnel costs, subject to certain limitations. During the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , $8.3 million , $6.8 million &#32;and $4.7 million , respectively, were incurred for the reimbursement of services provided by CR III Advisors and its affiliates in connection with the acquisition, management and financing of our assets. In addition, during the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , $13.2 million , $21.6 million &#32;and $14.0 million , respectively, was recorded for the reimbursement of personnel costs and third-party costs allocated in connection with the issuance of shares pursuant to the Offerings. Insurance See sections captioned ";--Acquisition and Investment Policies--Description of Leases"; and ";--Environmental Matters."; Reportable Segments We operate on a consolidated basis in our commercial properties segment. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Competition As we purchase properties for our portfolio, we are in competition with other potential buyers for the same properties, and may have to pay more to purchase the property than if there were no other potential acquirers or we may have to locate another property that meets our investment criteria. Although our properties are currently 99% &#32;leased and we intend to acquire properties subject to existing leases, the leasing of real estate is highly competitive in the current market, and we may experience competition for tenants from owners and managers of competing projects. As a result, we may have to provide free rent, incur charges for tenant improvements, or offer other inducements, or we might not be able to timely lease the space, all of which may have an adverse impact on our results of operations. At the time we elect to dispose of our properties, we will also be in competition with sellers of similar properties to locate suitable purchasers for our properties. Concentration of Credit Risk As of December 31, 2012 , we had cash on deposit, including restricted cash, in 12 &#32;financial institutions, eight &#32;of which had deposits in excess of current federally insured levels totaling $93.0 million ; however, we have not experienced any losses in such accounts. We limit investment of cash investments to financial institutions with high credit standing; therefore, we believe we are not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash. As of December 31, 2012 , no single tenant accounted for greater than 10% of our 2012 &#32;gross annualized rental revenues. As of December 31, 2012 , tenants in the restaurant industry comprised 10% &#32;of our 2012 &#32;gross annualized rental revenues. Additionally, we have certain geographic concentrations in our property holdings. In particular, as of December 31, 2012 , 190 &#32;of our properties were located in Texas, accounting for 17% &#32;of our 2012 &#32;gross annualized rental revenues. Environmental Matters In connection with the ownership and operation of real estate, we potentially may be liable for costs and damages related to environmental matters. We own certain properties that are subject to environmental remediation. In each case, the seller of the property, the tenant of the property and/or another third party has been identified as the responsible party for environmental remediation costs related to the property. Additionally, in connection with the purchase of certain of the properties, the respective sellers and/or tenants have indemnified us against future remediation costs. We also carry environmental liability insurance on our properties which provides coverage for remediation liability and pollution liability for third-party bodily injury and property damage claims. Accordingly, we do not believe that it is reasonably possible that the environmental matters identified at such properties will have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity, nor are we aware of any environmental matters at other properties which we believe are reasonably possible to have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. See ";--Acquisition and Investment Policies--Conditions to Closing Our Acquisitions"; for a description of the steps we may take to ensure environmental compliance in the properties we acquire. Available Information We electronically file our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports with the SEC. We have also filed Registration Statements on Form S-11, amendments to our Registration Statements and supplements to our prospectuses in connection with our Offerings. We have filed and we will file documents in connection with our Merger with the SEC. Copies of our filings with the SEC may be obtained from the SEC';s website, at http://www.sec.gov . Access to these filings is free of charge. 17 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Set forth below are investment risks that we believe are material to investors. Risks Related to an Investment in Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc. Failure to complete the Merger could negatively impact the value of our common stock and the future value of our business and financial results. The Merger is subject to a number of closing conditions, including, among other things, certain third party consents and regulatory approvals. If the Merger is not completed, our ongoing business could be adversely affected and we will be subject to several risks, including being required, under certain circumstances, to pay up to $2.0 million in expense reimbursement. These risks could negatively impact the value of our common stock, the future value of our business and our financial results. In addition, whether or not the Merger is completed, we are subject to several risks, including the following: &#8226; having to pay certain costs relating to the proposed Merger, such as legal, accounting and financial advisor fees; and &#8226; diversion of management focus and resources from operational matters and other strategic opportunities while working to implement the Merger. If we do not complete the Merger and a subsequent listing of our shares on the NYSE, there will continue to be no public trading market for our shares and there may never be one; therefore, your shares may continue to have limited liquidity. There currently is no public market for our shares and, absent the completion of the proposed Merger and a subsequent listing of our shares on the NYSE, there may never be one. In addition, we do not have a fixed liquidation date. If the Merger and the subsequent listing of our shares on the NYSE are not completed, our stockholders will not have the opportunity to sell their shares and our board of directors will review other alternatives for a liquidity event, which may not occur in the near term. If the Merger does not occur and/or our shares are not listed on the NYSE, and you seek to sell your shares, you may not sell your shares unless the buyer meets applicable suitability and minimum purchase standards. Our charter also currently prohibits the ownership of more than 9.8% of our stock, or more than 9.8% in value or number of shares (whichever is more restrictive) of our common stock, by a single investor, unless exempted by our board of directors, which may inhibit large investors from desiring to purchase your shares. If we do not complete the Merger and the subsequent listing of our shares on the NYSE, you may have to hold your shares for an indefinite period of time or, if you are able to sell your shares, you likely would have to sell them at a substantial discount to the price you paid for the shares. If a proposed amendment and restatement of our charter is not approved by our stockholders, we may not seek to list our shares on the NYSE and your shares may continue to have limited liquidity. We believe that an amendment and restatement of our charter is desirable in connection with a listing of our common stock on the NYSE. The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock are required to approve an amendment and restatement of our charter. If the proposed amendment and restatement of our charter is not approved by our stockholders, we currently do not intend to list our common stock on the NYSE, although we are not prohibited from deciding to list our common stock. If we were to decide to list our common stock without the amendment and restatement of our charter, we believe that operating under our existing charter as a listed company could restrict our ability to compete effectively for investment opportunities and management talent and to attract and retain independent directors. If we do not list our shares on a national securities exchange, you may have to hold your shares for an indefinite period of time or, if you are able to sell your shares, you likely would have to sell them at a substantial discount to the price you paid for the shares. You are limited in your ability to sell your shares pursuant to our share redemption program and may have to hold your shares for an indefinite period of time. Our share redemption program includes numerous restrictions that would limit your ability to sell your shares. Generally, you must have held your shares for one year in order to participate in our share redemption program. Subject to funds being available, we will further limit the number of shares redeemed pursuant to our share redemption program as follows: (1) we will not redeem in excess of 5% of the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the trailing twelve months prior to the end of the fiscal quarter for which the redemptions are being paid (the ";Trailing Twelve-month Cap";) (provided, however, that while shares subject to a redemption requested upon the death of a stockholder will be included in calculating the maximum number of shares that may be redeemed, such shares will not be subject to the Trailing Twelve-month Cap); (2) all redemptions, including those upon the death or qualifying disability, are limited to those that can be funded with cumulative net proceeds from the sale of shares through our DRIP; and (3) funding for the redemption of shares will be limited to the net proceeds we receive from the sale of shares under our distribution reinvestment plan. In an effort to accommodate redemption 18 Table of Contents requests throughout the calendar year, we limit quarterly redemptions to approximately 1.25% of the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the trailing twelve-month period ending on the last day of the fiscal quarter, and funding for redemptions for each quarter generally is limited to the net proceeds we receive from the sale of shares in the respective quarter under our DRIP (provided, however, that while shares subject to a redemption requested upon the death of a stockholder will be included in calculating the maximum number of shares that may be redeemed, such shares will not be subject to the quarterly percentage caps); however, our board of directors may waive these quarterly limitations in its sole discretion. Any of the foregoing limits might prevent us from accommodating all redemption requests made in any quarter, in which case quarterly redemptions will be made in the manner described under Item 5. ";Market for Registrant';s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities--Share Redemption Program"; appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our board of directors may amend the terms of, suspend, or terminate our share redemption program without stockholder approval upon 30 days prior written notice. Additionally, our share redemption program will terminate automatically upon a listing, in connection with the Merger or otherwise, of our common stock on a national securities exchange. These restrictions severely limit your ability to sell your shares should you require liquidity, and limit your ability to recover the value you invested or the fair market value of your shares. Litigation against us could distract our management and/or negatively impact our operating results. As noted below in Item 3. ";Legal Proceedings";, we, along with our operating partnership, advisor and directors, have been named as defendants in complaints seeking monetary damages and seeking to have the Merger Agreement declared null and void. Additional claims may be filed against us in connection with the proposed Merger. Although it is not possible to predict the outcome of litigation with any certainty, claims of this nature present a risk of protracted litigation, attorneys'; fees, costs and expenses, and diversion of management';s attention from the operation of our business. The offering price for our DRIP shares is not based on the book value or net asset value of our current or expected investments or our current or expected cash flow. The offering price for our DRIP shares is not based on the book value or net asset value of our current or expected investments or our current or expected cash flow. In the event that our shares are not listed on a national securities exchange prior to October 27, 2013 (which is 18 months following the completion of our Follow-On Offering), our board of directors intends to provide a reasonable estimate of the value of our shares prior to October 27, 2013 (which is 18 months following the completion of our Follow-On Offering). In such event, until such time as our board of directors determines a reasonable estimate of the value of our shares, the price of our shares is not intended to reflect the net asset value of our shares. The value of your investment may be diluted if the offering price for our shares of common stock is less than the value of the DRIP shares. Since the offering price for our shares is not based on the book value or net asset value of our current or expected investments or our current or expected operating cash flows, the value of your DRIP shares may, after you purchase them, be diluted if the offering price paid by future investors is lower than their fair value. It may be difficult for you to determine the fair value of our shares; therefore, the total dilution, if any, may be difficult for you to determine. We may be unable to pay or maintain cash distributions or increase distributions over time. There are many factors that can affect the availability and timing of cash distributions to our stockholders. Distributions are based primarily on anticipated cash flow from operations over time. The amount of cash available for distributions is affected by many factors, such as the performance of our advisor in selecting investments for us to make, selecting tenants for our properties and securing financing arrangements, our ability to buy properties as offering proceeds become available, rental income from our properties, and our operating expense levels, as well as many other variables. We may not always be in a position to pay distributions to you and any distributions we do make may not increase over time. In addition, our actual results may differ significantly from the assumptions used by our board of directors in establishing the distribution rate to our stockholders. There also is a risk that we may not have sufficient cash from operations to make a distribution required to maintain our REIT status. 19 Table of Contents We have paid, and may continue to pay some of our distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations, including borrowings and proceeds from the sale of our securities or asset sales. Payments of distributions from sources other than cash flows from operations may reduce the amount of capital we ultimately invest in real estate and may negatively impact the value of your investment. We expect that cash distributions to you generally will be paid from cash available or anticipated from the operating cash flows from our investments in properties, real estate securities, mortgage, bridge or mezzanine loans and other real estate-related assets. However, to the extent that cash flow from operations is insufficient to make distributions to you, we have paid, and in the future may pay, some of our distributions from sources other than cash flows from operations, including borrowings and proceeds from the sale of our securities or asset sales. We have no limits on the amounts we may pay from sources other than cash flows from operations. To the extent distributions are paid from sources other than cash flow from operations, we may have less capital available to invest in real estate and other real estate-related investments. This may negatively impact our ability to make investments, reduce current returns and negatively impact the value of your investment. Because we have paid, and may continue to pay, distributions from sources other than our cash flow from operations, distributions at any point in time may not reflect the current performance of our properties or our current operating cash flows. Our organizational documents permit us to make distributions from any source, including the sources described in the risk factor above. Because distribution funds may exceed our cash flow from operations, distributions may not reflect the current performance of our properties or our current operating cash flows. To the extent distributions exceed cash flow from operations, distributions may be treated as a return of your investment and could reduce your basis in our stock. A reduction in a stockholder';s basis in our stock could result in the stockholder recognizing more gain upon disposition of his or her shares, which in turn could result in greater taxable income to such stockholder. In addition, as of December 31, 2012 , we had paid distributions in excess of our cash flow from operations, as defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (";GAAP";), and we may continue to pay distributions in excess of our cash flow from operations in the future. You will not have the opportunity to evaluate our future investments before we make them, which makes an investment in our common stock more speculative. We have established policies relating to the types of investments we will make and the creditworthiness of tenants of our properties, but our advisor will have wide discretion in implementing these policies, subject to the oversight of our board of directors. Additionally, our advisor has discretion to determine the location, number and size of our investments and the percentage of net proceeds we may dedicate to a single investment. We will not provide you with a significant amount of information, if any, for you to evaluate our future investments prior to our making them. Our success depends to a significant degree upon certain key personnel of our advisor. If our advisor loses or is unable to obtain key personnel our ability to achieve our investment objectives could be delayed or hindered, which could adversely affect our ability to pay distributions to you and the value of your investment. Our success depends to a significant degree upon the contributions of certain executive officers and other key personnel of our advisor, each of whom would be difficult to replace. We cannot guarantee that all of these key personnel, or any particular person, will remain affiliated with us, our sponsor and/or our advisor. If any of our key personnel were to cease their affiliation with our advisor, our operating results could suffer. Further, we currently do not separately maintain key person life insurance on Mr. Cole or any other person and we may not do so in the future. We believe that our future success depends, in large part, upon our advisor';s ability to hire and retain highly skilled managerial, operational and marketing personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, and we cannot assure you that our sponsor or advisor will be successful in attracting and retaining such skilled personnel. If our advisor loses or is unable to obtain the services of key personnel, our ability to implement our investment strategies could be delayed or hindered, and the value of your investment may decline. 20 Table of Contents Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources. These incidents may be an intentional attack or an unintentional event and could involve gaining unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. The result of these incidents may include disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, liability for stolen assets or information, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, litigation and damage to our tenant and investor relationships. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our information systems, both internal and those we have outsourced. We have implemented processes, procedures and internal controls to help mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions, but these measures, as well as our increased awareness of the nature and extent of a risk of a cyber incident, do not guarantee that our financial results, operations, business relationships or confidential information will not be negatively impacted by such an incident. Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest We will continue to be subject to conflicts of interest arising out of our relationships with our advisor and its affiliates, including the material conflicts discussed below. Our advisor and its affiliates, including our dealer manager and our property manager, will face conflicts of interest caused by their compensation arrangements with us, which could result in actions that are not in the long-term best interests of our stockholders. Our advisor and its affiliates, including our dealer manager and our property manager, are responsible for all of our day-to-day operations, and are entitled to substantial fees from us for the services they provide. These fees could influence the judgment of our advisor and its affiliates in performing their services. Among other matters, these compensation arrangements could affect their judgment with respect to: &#8226; public offerings of equity by us, which entitle our dealer manager to fees and will likely entitle our advisor to increased acquisition and asset management fees; &#8226; property acquisitions or sales, which may result in the payment of fees to our advisor; &#8226; property acquisitions from other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments, which might entitle affiliates of our advisor to real estate commissions and possible success-based sale fees in connection with its services for the seller; &#8226; borrowings to acquire properties, which borrowings will increase the acquisition and asset management fees payable to our advisor; and &#8226; whether and when we seek to sell our company, liquidate our assets or list our common stock on a national securities exchange, which liquidation or listing could entitle our advisor to the payment of fees. In addition, fees our advisor receives in connection with transactions involving the purchase and management of an asset are based on the cost or book value of the investment and not on the quality of the investment, the future performance of the investment or the quality of the services rendered to us. Our advisor faces conflicts of interest relating to the incentive fee structure under our advisory agreement, which could result in actions that are not necessarily in the long-term best interests of our stockholders. Pursuant to the terms of our advisory agreement, and in an effort to align the interests of our advisor with our stockholders'; interest, our advisor is entitled to fees that are structured in a manner intended to provide incentives to our advisor to perform in a manner that will enhance returns on our stockholders'; investment in us. However, because our advisor does not maintain a significant equity interest in us and is entitled to receive certain fees regardless of performance, our advisor';s interests are not wholly aligned with those of our stockholders. For example, our advisor could be motivated to recommend riskier or more speculative investments in order for us to generate the specified levels of performance or sales proceeds that would entitle our advisor to fees. In addition, our advisory agreement requires us to pay a performance-based termination fee to our advisor in the event that we list our shares for trading on an exchange or in respect of its participation in net sales proceeds. Our advisor will have substantial influence with respect to whether and when our shares are listed on an exchange or our assets are 21 Table of Contents liquidated, and these incentive fees could influence our advisor';s recommendations to us in this regard. Furthermore, our advisor has the right to terminate the advisory agreement upon a change of control of our company and thereby obligate us to pay the performance fee, which could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing the change of control. A number of Cole real estate programs use investment strategies that are similar to ours, therefore our advisor and its and our executive officers may face conflicts of interest relating to the purchase and leasing of properties, and such conflicts may not be resolved in our favor. Our sponsor currently has simultaneous offerings of funds that have a substantially similar mix of fund characteristics, including targeted investment types, investment objectives and criteria, and anticipated fund terms. As a result, we may be seeking to acquire properties and other real estate-related investments at the same time as one or more of the other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments managed by officers and key personnel of our advisor and/or its affiliates. In particular, CCIT, CCPT IV and Cole Income NAV Strategy are currently offering shares of common stock pursuant to effective registration statements and pursuing acquisitions of assets that may be suitable for us to acquire. Our executive officers and the executive officers of our advisor also are the executive officers of other REITs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments and/or their advisors, the general partners of partnerships sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments and/or the advisors or fiduciaries of other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments. While the real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments have allocation procedures in place, there is a risk that our advisor';s allocation of investment properties may result in our acquiring a property that provides lower returns to us than a property purchased by another real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments. In addition, we may compete with another real estate program sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments for tenants and, as a result, we could suffer a loss of revenue due to delays in locating suitable tenants. Similar conflicts of interest may arise if our advisor recommends that we make or purchase mortgage loans or participations in mortgage loans, since other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments may be competing with us for these investments. Our officers face conflicts of interest related to the positions they hold with affiliated entities, which could hinder our ability to successfully implement our business strategy and to generate returns to you. Each of our executive officers, including Mr. Cole, who also serves as the chairman of our board of directors, is an officer of other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments and one or more of the entities affiliated with our advisor. As a result, these individuals owe fiduciary duties to these other entities and their stockholders, members and limited partners. These additional fiduciary duties may create conflicts with the duties that they owe to us and our stockholders. There also will be competing demands on their time and resources, creating potential conflicts of interest in allocating their time between our business and these other activities. Should such persons devote insufficient time or resources to our business, it would hinder our ability to successfully implement our business strategy and to generate returns to you. Our charter permits us to acquire assets and borrow funds from affiliates of our advisor, which could result in conflicts of interest. Under our charter, we are permitted to acquire properties from affiliates of our advisor, subject to certain limitations and procedures. In the event that we acquire a property from an affiliate of our advisor, we may be foregoing an opportunity to acquire a different property that might be more advantageous to us. In addition, under our charter, we are permitted to borrow funds from affiliates of our advisor, including our sponsor. To the extent that we acquire any properties from affiliates of our advisor or borrow funds from affiliates of our advisor, we may not have the benefit of an arm';s-length negotiation of the type normally conducted between unrelated parties, and such transactions could result in a conflict of interest. Our advisor faces conflicts of interest relating to joint ventures or other co-ownership arrangements that we enter into with other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments, which could result in a disproportionate benefit to another real estate program sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments. We may enter into joint ventures with other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments for the acquisition, development or improvement of properties as well as the acquisition of real-estate related investments. Our advisor and its affiliates may face conflicts of interest in determining which real estate program sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments should enter into any particular joint venture or co-ownership arrangement. Our advisor and its affiliates also may have a conflict in structuring the terms of the relationship between us and the Cole-affiliated co-venturer or co-owner, as well as conflicts of interests in managing the joint venture and determining when and how to dispose of the joint venture. 22 Table of Contents Since Mr. Cole and his affiliates control our advisor and advisors of other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments, agreements and transactions between or among the parties with respect to any joint venture or other co-ownership arrangement will not have the benefit of arm';s-length negotiation of the type normally conducted between unrelated co-venturers or co-owners, which may result in the co-venturer or co-owner receiving benefits greater than the benefits that we receive. We have adopted certain procedures for dealing with potential conflicts of interest as set forth in our charter. Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure The limit on the number of shares a person may own may discourage a takeover that could otherwise result in a premium price to our stockholders. Our charter, with certain exceptions, authorizes our directors to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to preserve our qualification as a REIT. Unless exempted by our board of directors, no person may own more than 9.8% in value of the aggregate of our outstanding shares or more than 9.8% (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the aggregate of our outstanding shares of common stock. These restrictions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a premium to the purchase price of our common stock for our stockholders. Our charter permits our board of directors to issue stock with terms that may subordinate the rights of common stockholders or discourage a third party from acquiring us in a manner that might result in a premium price to our stockholders. Our charter permits our board of directors to issue up to 1.0 billion shares of stock, including 10.0 million shares of preferred stock. In addition, our board of directors, without any action by our stockholders, may amend our charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares or the number of shares of any class or series of stock that we have authority to issue. Our board of directors may classify or reclassify any unissued common stock or preferred stock and establish the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption of any such stock. Thus, if also approved by a majority of our independent directors not otherwise interested in the transaction, who will have access at our expense to our legal counsel or to independent legal counsel, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of preferred stock with terms and conditions that could have a priority as to distributions and amounts payable upon liquidation over the rights of the holders of our common stock. Preferred stock could also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing the removal of incumbent management or a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a premium to the purchase price of our common stock for our stockholders. Maryland law prohibits certain business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us to be acquired and may limit your ability to dispose of your shares in the event we do not ultimately list our shares on the NYSE. Under Maryland law, ";business combinations"; between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as: &#8226; any person who beneficially owns 10% or more of the voting power of the corporation';s shares; or &#8226; an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock of the corporation. A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which he or she otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, the board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board of directors. After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between the Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the board of directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: &#8226; 80% of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation; and &#8226; two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 23 Table of Contents These super-majority vote requirements do not apply if the corporation';s stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. The business combination statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors prior to the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Pursuant to the statute, our board of directors has exempted any business combination involving our advisor or any affiliate of our advisor. Consequently, the five-year prohibition and the super-majority vote requirements will not apply to business combinations between us and our advisor or any affiliate of our advisor. As a result, our advisor and any affiliate of our advisor may be able to enter into business combinations with us that may not be in the best interest of our stockholders, without compliance with the super-majority vote requirements and the other provisions of the statute. The business combination statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. Maryland law also limits the ability of a third party to buy a large percentage of our outstanding shares and exercise voting control in electing directors. Under its Control Share Acquisition Act, Maryland law also provides that ";control shares"; of a Maryland corporation acquired in a ";control share acquisition"; have no voting rights except to the extent approved by the corporation';s disinterested stockholders by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares of stock owned by interested stockholders, that is, by the acquirer, or officers of the corporation or employees of the corporation who are directors of the corporation, are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. ";Control shares"; are voting shares of stock that would entitle the acquirer, except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy, to exercise voting control in electing directors within specified ranges of voting control. Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A ";control share acquisition"; means the acquisition of control shares. The control share acquisition statute does not apply (a) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (b) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the Control Share Acquisition Act any and all acquisitions of our stock by Cole Capital Advisors or any affiliate of Cole Capital Advisors. This statute could have the effect of discouraging offers from third parties to acquire us and increasing the difficulty of successfully completing this type of offer by anyone other than our advisor or any of its affiliates. Our charter includes an anti-takeover provision that may discourage a stockholder from launching a tender offer for our shares. Our charter requires that any tender offer, including any ";mini-tender"; offer, must comply with Regulation 14D of the Exchange Act. The offering person must provide our company notice of the tender offer at least ten business days before initiating the tender offer. If the offering person does not comply with these requirements, we will have the right to redeem that person';s shares and any shares acquired in such tender offer. In addition, the non-complying person shall be responsible for all of our expenses in connection with that person';s noncompliance. This provision of our charter may discourage a person from initiating a tender offer for our shares and prevent you from receiving a premium to your purchase price for your shares in such a transaction. If we are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, we could not continue our business, which may significantly reduce the value of your investment. We are not registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the ";Investment Company Act";), pursuant to an exemption in Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act and certain No-Action Letters from the SEC. Pursuant to this exemption: (1) at least 55% of our assets must consist of real estate fee interests or loans secured exclusively by real estate or both; (2) at least 25% of our assets must consist of loans secured primarily by real estate (this percentage will be reduced by the amount by which the percentage in (1) above is increased); and (3) up to 20% of our assets may consist of miscellaneous investments. We intend to monitor compliance with these requirements on an ongoing basis. If we were obligated to register as an investment company, we would have to comply with a variety of substantive requirements under the Investment Company Act imposing, among other things: &#8226; limitations on capital structure; &#8226; restrictions on specified investments; &#8226; prohibitions on transactions with affiliates; &#8226; compliance with reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy disclosure and other rules and regulations that would significantly change our operations; and 24 Table of Contents &#8226; potentially, compliance with daily valuation requirements. In order to maintain our exemption from regulation under the Investment Company Act, we must engage primarily in the business of buying real estate, and these investments must be made within a year after the offering ends. If we are unable to invest a significant portion of the proceeds of the Offerings in properties within one year of the termination of the respective offering, we may avoid being required to register as an investment company by temporarily investing any unused proceeds in government securities with low returns. This would reduce the cash available for distribution to investors and possibly lower your returns. To maintain compliance with the Investment Company Act exemption, we may be unable to sell assets we would otherwise want to sell and may need to sell assets we would otherwise wish to retain. In addition, we may have to acquire additional income or loss generating assets that we might not otherwise have acquired or may have to forgo opportunities to acquire interests in companies that we would otherwise want to acquire and would be important to our investment strategy. If we were required to register as an investment company but failed to do so, we would be prohibited from engaging in our business, and criminal and civil actions could be brought against us. In addition, our contracts would be unenforceable unless a court were to require enforcement, and a court could appoint a receiver to take control of us and liquidate our business. If you do not agree with the decisions of our board of directors, you only have limited control over changes in our policies and operations and may not be able to change such policies and operations. Our board of directors determines our major policies, including our policies regarding investments, financing, growth, debt capitalization, REIT qualification and distributions. Our board of directors may amend or revise these and other policies without a vote of the stockholders. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law and our charter, our stockholders generally have a right to vote only on the following: &#8226; the election or removal of directors; &#8226; any amendment of our charter, except that our board of directors may amend our charter without stockholder approval to increase or decrease the aggregate number of our shares, to increase or decrease the number of our shares of any class or series that we have the authority to issue, to change our name, to change the name or other designation or the par value of any class or series of our stock and the aggregate par value of our stock or to effect certain reverse stock splits; provided, however, that any such amendment does not adversely affect the rights, preferences and privileges of the stockholders; &#8226; our dissolution; and &#8226; a merger or consolidation of the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets. All other matters are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. Our board of directors may change certain of our investment policies without stockholder approval, which could alter the nature of your investment. Our charter requires that our independent directors review our investment policies at least annually to determine that the policies we are following are in the best interest of the stockholders. These policies may change over time. The methods of implementing our investment policies also may vary, as new real estate development trends emerge and new investment techniques are developed. Our investment policies, the methods for their implementation, and our other objectives, policies and procedures may be altered by our board of directors without the approval of our stockholders, unless otherwise provided in our organizational documents. As a result, the nature of your investment could change without your consent. Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to recover claims against our officers, directors and our advisor are limited, which could reduce your and our recovery against them if they cause us to incur losses. Maryland law provides that a director has no liability in that capacity if he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in the corporation';s best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. Our charter, in the case of our directors and officers, and our charter and the advisory agreement, in the case of our advisor and its affiliates, require us, subject to certain exceptions, to indemnify and advance expenses to our directors, our officers, and our advisor and its affiliates. Our charter permits us to provide such indemnification and advance for expenses to our employees and agents. Additionally, our charter limits, subject to certain exceptions, the liability of our directors and officers to us and our stockholders for monetary damages. Although our charter does not allow us to indemnify our directors or our advisor and its affiliates for any liability or loss suffered by them or hold harmless our directors or our advisor and its affiliates for any loss or liability suffered by us to a greater extent than 25 Table of Contents permitted under Maryland law or the Statement of Policy Regarding Real Estate Investment Trusts adopted by the North American Securities Administrators Association (the ";NASAA REIT Guidelines";), we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors, officers, employees and agents, and our advisor and its affiliates, than might otherwise exist under common law, which could reduce our recovery against them. In addition, our advisor is not required to retain cash to pay potential liabilities and it may not have sufficient cash available to pay liabilities if they arise. If our advisor is held liable for a breach of its fiduciary duty to us, or a breach of its contractual obligations to us, we may not be able to collect the full amount of any claims we may have against our advisor. We may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by our directors, officers, employees and agents or our advisor in some cases, which would decrease the cash otherwise available for distribution to our stockholders. General Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate Our operating results will be affected by economic and regulatory changes that have an adverse impact on the real estate market in general, which may prevent us from being profitable or from realizing growth in the value of our real estate properties. Our operating results are subject to risks generally incident to the ownership of real estate, including: &#8226; changes in general economic or local conditions; &#8226; changes in supply of or demand for similar or competing properties in an area; &#8226; changes in interest rates and availability of permanent mortgage funds that may render the sale of a property difficult or unattractive; &#8226; the illiquidity of real estate investments generally; &#8226; changes in tax, real estate, environmental and zoning laws; and &#8226; periods of high interest rates and tight money supply. These risk and other factors may prevent us from being profitable, or from maintaining or growing the value of our real estate properties. Many of our retail properties depend upon a single tenant, or a limited number of major tenants, for all or a majority of its rental income; therefore, our financial condition and ability to make distributions to you may be adversely affected by the bankruptcy or insolvency, a downturn in the business, or a lease termination of a single tenant. Many of our properties are occupied by only one tenant or derive a majority of its rental income from a limited number of major tenants and, therefore, the success of those properties is materially dependent on the financial stability of such tenants. Such tenants face competition within their industries and other factors that could reduce their ability to make rent payments. For example, for our industrial properties, a general reduction in U.S. manufacturing activity could reduce our manufacturing tenants'; ability to pay rent. Lease payment defaults by tenants could cause us to reduce the amount of distributions we pay. A default of a tenant on its lease payments to us would cause us to lose revenue from the property and force us to find an alternative source of revenue to meet any expenses associated with the property and prevent a foreclosure if the property is subject to a mortgage. In the event of a default by a single or major tenant, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment and re-letting the property. If a lease is terminated, we may not be able to lease the property for the rent previously received or sell the property without incurring a loss. A default by a tenant, the failure of a guarantor to fulfill its obligations or other premature termination of a lease, or a tenant';s election not to extend a lease upon its expiration, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and our ability to pay distributions to you. A high concentration of our properties in a particular geographic area, or with tenants in a similar industry, would magnify the effects of downturns in that geographic area or industry. We expect that our properties will continue to be diverse according to geographic area and industry of our tenants. However, in the event that we have a concentration of properties in any particular geographic area, any adverse situation that disproportionately affects that geographic area would have a magnified adverse effect on our portfolio. Similarly, if tenants of our properties become concentrated in a certain industry or industries, any adverse effect to that industry generally would have a disproportionately adverse effect on our portfolio. 26 Table of Contents If a major tenant declares bankruptcy, we may be unable to collect balances due under relevant leases, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and ability to pay distributions to you. We may experience concentration in one or more tenant. Any of our tenants, or any guarantor of one of our tenant';s lease obligations, could be subject to a bankruptcy proceeding pursuant to Title 11 of the bankruptcy laws of the United States. Such a bankruptcy filing would bar us from attempting to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from the bankrupt tenant or its properties unless we receive an enabling order from the bankruptcy court. Post-bankruptcy debts would be paid currently. If we assume a lease, all pre-bankruptcy balances owing under it must be paid in full. If a lease is rejected by a tenant in bankruptcy, we would have a general unsecured claim for damages. If a lease is rejected, it is unlikely we would receive any payments from the tenant because our claim would be capped at the rent reserved under the lease, without acceleration, for the greater of one year or 15% of the remaining term of the lease, but not greater than three years, plus rent already due but unpaid. This claim could be paid only in the event funds were available, and then only in the same percentage as that realized on other unsecured claims. The bankruptcy of a tenant or lease guarantor could delay our efforts to collect past due balances under the relevant lease, and could ultimately preclude full collection of these sums. Such an event also could cause a decrease or cessation of current rental payments, reducing our operating cash flows and the amount available for distributions to you. In the event a tenant or lease guarantor declares bankruptcy, the tenant or its trustee may not assume our lease or its guaranty. If a given lease or guaranty is not assumed, our operating cash flows and the amounts available for distributions to you may be adversely affected. The bankruptcy of a major tenant could have a material adverse effect on our ability to pay distributions to you. If a sale-leaseback transaction is re-characterized in a tenant';s bankruptcy proceeding, our financial condition could be adversely affected. We have entered and may continue to enter into sale-leaseback transactions, whereby we would purchase a property and then lease the same property back to the person from whom we purchased it. In the event of the bankruptcy of a tenant, a transaction structured as a sale-leaseback may be re-characterized as either a financing or a joint venture, either of which outcomes could adversely affect our financial condition, cash flow and the amount available for distributions to you. If the sale-leaseback were re-characterized as a financing, we might not be considered the owner of the property, and as a result would have the status of a creditor in relation to the tenant. In that event, we would no longer have the right to sell or encumber our ownership interest in the property. Instead, we would have a claim against the tenant for the amounts owed under the lease, with the claim arguably secured by the property. The tenant/debtor might have the ability to propose a plan restructuring the term, interest rate and amortization schedule of its outstanding balance. If confirmed by the bankruptcy court, we could be bound by the new terms, and prevented from foreclosing our lien on the property. If the sale-leaseback were re-characterized as a joint venture, our lessee and we could be treated as co-venturers with regard to the property. As a result, we could be held liable, under some circumstances, for debts incurred by the lessee relating to the property. Properties that have vacancies for a significant period of time could be difficult to sell, which could diminish the return on your investment. A property may incur vacancies either by the continued default of a tenant under its leases, the expiration of a tenant lease or early termination of a lease by a tenant. If vacancies continue for a long period of time, we may suffer reduced revenues resulting in less cash to be distributed to you. In addition, because a property';s market value depends principally upon the value of the property';s leases, the resale value of a property with prolonged vacancies could decline, which could further reduce your return. We may be unable to secure funds for future tenant improvements or capital needs, which could adversely impact our ability to pay cash distributions to you. When tenants do not renew their leases or otherwise vacate their space, it is usual that, in order to attract replacement tenants, we will be required to expend substantial funds for tenant improvements and tenant refurbishments to the vacated space. In addition, although we expect that our leases with tenants will require tenants to pay routine property maintenance costs, we will likely be responsible for any major structural repairs, such as repairs to the foundation, exterior walls and rooftops. We will use substantially all of the gross proceeds from the Offerings to buy real estate and real estate-related investments and to pay various fees and expenses. We intend to reserve only approximately 0.1% of the gross proceeds from the Offerings for future capital needs. Accordingly, if we need additional capital in the future to improve or maintain our properties or for any other reason, we will have to obtain funds from other sources, such as cash flow from operations, borrowings, property sales or future equity offerings. These sources of funding may not be available on attractive terms or at all. If we cannot procure additional funding for capital improvements, our investments may generate lower cash flows or decline in value, or both. 27 Table of Contents We may obtain only limited warranties when we purchase a property and would have only limited recourse in the event our due diligence did not identify any issues that lower the value of our property. The seller of a property often sells such property in its ";as is"; condition on a ";where is"; basis and ";with all faults,"; without any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose. In addition, purchase agreements may contain only limited warranties, representations and indemnifications that will only survive for a limited period after the closing. The purchase of properties with limited warranties increases the risk that we may lose some or all of our invested capital in the property, as well as the loss of rental income from that property. Our inability to sell a property when we desire to do so could adversely impact our ability to pay cash distributions to you. The real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability of financing, interest rates, supply and demand, and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any property for the price or on the terms set by us, or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. We may be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a property can be sold. We may not have adequate funds available to correct such defects or to make such improvements. Moreover, in acquiring a property, we may agree to restrictions that prohibit the sale of that property for a period of time or impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed or repaid on that property. We cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a property. Our inability to sell a property when we desire to do so may cause us to reduce our selling price for the property. Any delay in our receipt of proceeds, or diminishment of proceeds, from the sale of a property could adversely impact our ability to pay distributions to you. We may not be able to sell our properties at a price equal to, or greater than, the price for which we purchased such property, which may lead to a decrease in the value of our assets. Many of our leases will not contain rental increases over time. When that is the case, the value of the leased property to a potential purchaser may not increase over time, which may restrict our ability to sell that property, or if we are able to sell that property, may result in a sale price less than the price that we paid to purchase the property. We may acquire or finance properties with lock-out provisions, which may prohibit us from selling a property, or may require us to maintain specified debt levels for a period of years on some properties. A lock-out provision is a provision that prohibits the prepayment of a loan during a specified period of time. Lock-out provisions may include terms that provide strong financial disincentives for borrowers to prepay their outstanding loan balance and exist in order to protect the yield expectations of investors. We expect that many of our properties will be subject to lock-out provisions. Lock-out provisions could materially restrict us from selling or otherwise disposing of or refinancing properties when we may desire to do so. Lock-out provisions may prohibit us from reducing the outstanding indebtedness with respect to any properties, refinancing such indebtedness on a non-recourse basis at maturity, or increasing the amount of indebtedness with respect to such properties. Lock-out provisions could impair our ability to take other actions during the lock-out period that could be in the best interests of our stockholders and, therefore, may have an adverse impact on the value of our shares relative to the value that would result if the lock-out provisions did not exist. In particular, lock-out provisions could preclude us from participating in major transactions that could result in a disposition of our assets or a change in control even though that disposition or change in control might be in the best interests of our stockholders. Increased operating expenses could reduce cash flow from operations and funds available to acquire investments or make distributions. Our properties, including those that we acquire in the future, are and will be subject to operating risks common to real estate in general, any or all of which may negatively affect us. If any property is not fully occupied or if rents are being paid in an amount that is insufficient to cover operating expenses, we could be required to expend funds with respect to that property for operating expenses. The properties will be subject to increases in tax rates, utility costs, insurance costs, repairs and maintenance costs, administrative costs and other operating expenses. While many of our property leases require the tenants to pay all or a portion of these expenses, some of our leases or future leases may not be negotiated on that basis, in which event we may have to pay these costs. If we are unable to lease properties on terms that require the tenants to pay all or some of the properties'; operating expenses, if our tenants fail to pay these expenses as required or if expenses we are required to pay exceed our expectations, we could have less funds available for future acquisitions or cash available for distributions to you. 28 Table of Contents Adverse economic and geopolitical conditions may negatively affect our returns and profitability. Our operating results may be affected by market and economic challenges, which may result from a continued or exacerbated general economic downturn experienced by the nation as a whole, by the local economies where our properties may be located, or by the real estate industry including the following: &#8226; poor economic conditions may result in tenant defaults under leases; &#8226; poor economic conditions may result in lower revenue to us from retailers who pay us a percentage of their revenues under percentage rent leases; &#8226; re-leasing may require concessions or reduced rental rates under the new leases; &#8226; constricted access to credit may result in tenant defaults or non-renewals under leases; and &#8226; increased insurance premiums may reduce funds available for distribution or, to the extent such increases are passed through to tenants, may lead to tenant defaults. Increased insurance premiums may make it difficult to increase rents to tenants on turnover, which may adversely affect our ability to increase our returns. The length and severity of any economic slowdown or downturn cannot be predicted. Our operations could be negatively affected to the extent that an economic slowdown or downturn is prolonged or becomes more severe. The United States'; armed conflict in various parts of the world could have a further impact on our tenants. The consequences of any armed conflict are unpredictable, and we may not be able to foresee events that could have an adverse effect on our business or your investment. More generally, any of these events could result in increased volatility in or damage to the United States and worldwide financial markets and economy. They also could result in higher energy costs and increased economic uncertainty in the United States or abroad. Our revenues will be dependent upon payment of rent by retailers, which may be particularly vulnerable to uncertainty in the local economy. Adverse economic conditions could affect the ability of our tenants to pay rent, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, as well as our ability to pay distributions to you. The current market environment may adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. The global financial markets have undergone pervasive and fundamental disruptions since mid-2007. The disruptions in the global financial markets had an adverse impact on the availability of credit to businesses generally. To the extent that the global economic recession continues and/or intensifies, it has the potential to materially adversely affect the value of our properties and other investments we make, the availability or the terms of financing that we may anticipate utilizing, and our ability to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance, any outstanding debt when due, and/or, for our leased properties, the ability of our tenants to enter into new leasing transactions or satisfy rental payments under existing leases. If the current market environment was to persist or worsen or the global disruptions were to adversely affect the recovery of U.S. financial markets it could affect our operating results and financial condition as follows: &#8226; Debt Market - Since 2010, the volume of mortgage lending for commercial real estate has been increasing and lending terms have improved and continue to improve; however the real estate debt markets could begin experiencing increasing volatility as a result of certain factors, including the tightening of underwriting standards by lenders and credit rating agencies. Should overall borrowing costs increase, either by increases in the index rates or by increases in lender spreads, our operations may generate lower returns. In addition, dislocations in the debt markets could reduce the amount of capital that is available to finance real estate, which, in turn: (1) limits the ability of real estate investors to make new acquisitions and to potentially benefit from reduced real estate values or to realize enhanced returns on real estate investments; (2) could slow real estate transaction activity; and (3) may result in an inability to refinance debt as it becomes due. In addition, deterioration in the state of the debt markets could have a material adverse impact on the overall amount of capital being invested in real estate, which may result in price or value decreases of real estate assets and impact our ability to raise equity capital. In addition, the failure of any lending source with which we entered, or enter, into a credit facility or line of credit would adversely affect our ability to meet our obligations if we were unable to replace the funding source. 29 Table of Contents &#8226; Real Estate Market - The global economic recession caused commercial real estate values to decline substantially. The U.S. commercial real estate markets began a recovery in 2010 which has continued through 2012. However, if the global recession were to persist or worsen, or it were to affect the U.S. financial markets, there may be uncertainty in the valuation, or in the stability of the value, of the properties we own or may acquire that could result in a substantial decrease in the value of our properties. Consequently, we may not be able to recover the carrying amount of our properties, which may require us to recognize an impairment charge in earnings. &#8226; Government Intervention - The disruptions in the global financial markets have led to extensive and unprecedented government intervention. Although the government intervention is intended to stimulate the flow of capital and to strengthen the U.S. economy in the short term, it is impossible to predict the actual effect of the government intervention and what effect, if any, additional interim or permanent governmental intervention may have on the financial markets and/or the effect of such intervention on us. The failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could reduce the amount of cash we have available to pay distributions and make additional investments. We diversify our cash and cash equivalents, and will continue to do so, among several banking institutions in an attempt to minimize exposure to any one of these entities. However, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation only insures amounts up to $250,000 per depositor per insured bank for interest bearing accounts. We have cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash deposited in interest bearing accounts in certain financial institutions in excess of federally insured levels. If any of the banking institutions in which we have deposited funds ultimately fails, we may lose our deposits over $250,000. The loss of our deposits could reduce the amount of cash we have available to distribute or invest and could result in a decline in the value of your investment. If we suffer losses that are not covered by insurance or that are in excess of insurance coverage, we could lose invested capital and anticipated profits. Generally, each of our tenants is, and we expect, will be, responsible for insuring its goods and premises and, in some circumstances, may be required to reimburse us for a share of the cost of acquiring comprehensive insurance for the property, including casualty, liability, fire and extended coverage customarily obtained for similar properties in amounts that our advisor determines are sufficient to cover reasonably foreseeable losses. Tenants of single-user properties leased on a triple net basis typically are required to pay all insurance costs associated with those properties. Material losses may occur in excess of insurance proceeds with respect to any property, as insurance may not be sufficient to fund the losses. However, there are types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution or environmental matters, which are either uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may be insured subject to limitations, such as large deductibles or co-payments. Insurance risks associated with potential terrorist acts could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. Additionally, mortgage lenders in some cases insist that commercial property owners purchase specific coverage against acts of terrorism as a condition for providing mortgage loans. It is uncertain whether such insurance policies will be available at reasonable cost, or at all, which could inhibit our ability to finance or refinance our potential properties. In these instances, we may be required to provide other financial support, either through financial assurances or self-insurance, to cover potential losses. We may not have adequate, or any, coverage for such losses. The Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 is designed for a sharing of terrorism losses between insurance companies and the federal government. We cannot be certain how this act will impact us or what additional cost to us, if any, could result. If such an event damaged or destroyed one or more of our properties, we could lose both our invested capital and anticipated profits from such property. Real estate related taxes may increase, and if these increases are not passed on to tenants, our income will be reduced. Local real property tax assessors may reassess our properties, which may result in increased taxes. Generally, property taxes increase as property values or assessment rates change, or for other reasons deemed relevant by property tax assessors. An increase in the assessed valuation of a property for real estate tax purposes will result in an increase in the related real estate taxes on that property. Although some tenant leases may permit us to pass through such tax increases to the tenants for payment, renewal leases or future leases may not be negotiated on the same basis. Tax increases not passed through to tenants may adversely affect our income, cash available for distributions, and the amount of distributions to you. 30 Table of Contents CC&Rs may restrict our ability to operate a property. Some of our properties are, and we expect certain additional properties will be contiguous to other parcels of real property, comprising part of the same retail center. In connection with such properties, we are subject to significant covenants, conditions and restrictions, known as ";CC&Rs,"; restricting the operation of such properties and any improvements on such properties, and related to granting easements on such properties. Moreover, the operation and management of the contiguous properties may impact such properties. Compliance with CC&Rs may adversely affect our operating costs and reduce the amount of funds that we have available to pay distributions to you. Our operating results may be negatively affected by potential development and construction delays and resultant increased costs and risks. We have used, and may continue to use, proceeds from the Offerings to acquire properties upon which we will construct improvements. If we engage in development or construction projects, we will be subject to uncertainties associated with re-zoning for development, environmental concerns of governmental entities and/or community groups, and our builder';s ability to build in conformity with plans, specifications, budgeted costs, and timetables. If a builder fails to perform, we may resort to legal action to rescind the purchase or the construction contract or to compel performance. A builder';s performance may also be affected or delayed by conditions beyond the builder';s control. Delays in completion of construction could also give tenants the right to terminate preconstruction leases. We may incur additional risks if we make periodic progress payments or other advances to builders before they complete construction. These and other such factors can result in increased costs of a project or loss of our investment. In addition, we will be subject to normal lease-up risks relating to newly constructed projects. We also must rely on rental income and expense projections and estimates of the fair market value of property upon completion of construction when agreeing upon a price at the time we acquire the property. If our projections are inaccurate, we may pay too much for a property, and our return on our investment could suffer. While we do not currently intend to do so, we may invest in unimproved real property. Returns from development of unimproved properties are also subject to risks associated with re-zoning the land for development and environmental concerns of governmental entities and/or community groups. If we contract with a development company for newly developed property, our earnest money deposit made to the development company may not be fully refunded. We have and may continue to enter into one or more contracts, either directly or indirectly through joint ventures with third parties, and we may enter into such contracts with other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments, to acquire real property from a development company that is engaged in construction and development of commercial real properties. Properties acquired from a development company may be either existing income-producing properties, properties to be developed or properties under development. We anticipate that we will be obligated to pay a substantial earnest money deposit at the time of contracting to acquire such properties. In the case of properties to be developed by a development company, we anticipate that we will be required to close the purchase of the property upon completion of the development of the property. At the time of contracting and the payment of the earnest money deposit by us, the development company typically will not have acquired title to any real property. Typically, the development company will only have a contract to acquire land, a development agreement to develop a building on the land and an agreement with one or more tenants to lease all or part of the property upon its completion. We may enter into such a contract with the development company even if at the time we enter into the contract, we have not yet raised sufficient proceeds in our offering to enable us to close the purchase of such property. However, we may not be required to close a purchase from the development company, and may be entitled to a refund of our earnest money, in the following circumstances: &#8226; the development company fails to develop the property; &#8226; all or a specified portion of the pre-leased tenants fail to take possession under their leases for any reason; or &#8226; we are unable to raise sufficient proceeds from our offering to pay the purchase price at closing. The obligation of the development company to refund our earnest money will be unsecured, and we may not be able to obtain a refund of such earnest money deposit from it under these circumstances since the development company may be an entity without substantial assets or operations. 31 Table of Contents Competition with third parties in acquiring properties and other investments may reduce our profitability and the return on your investment. We compete with many other entities engaged in real estate investment activities, including individuals, corporations, bank and insurance company investment accounts, other REITs, real estate limited partnerships, and other entities engaged in real estate investment activities, many of which have greater resources than we do. Larger competitors may enjoy significant advantages that result from, among other things, a lower cost of capital and enhanced operating efficiencies. In addition, the number of entities and the amount of funds competing for suitable investments may increase. Any such increase would result in increased demand for these assets and therefore increased prices paid for them. If we pay higher prices for properties and other investments as a result of competition with third parties without a corresponding increase in tenant lease rates, our profitability will be reduced, and you may experience a lower return on your investment. Our properties face competition that may affect tenants'; ability to pay rent and the amount of rent paid to us may affect the cash available for distributions to you and the amount of distributions. We typically acquire properties located in developed areas. Therefore, there are and will be numerous other retail properties within the market area of each of our properties that will compete with us for tenants. The number of competitive properties could have a material effect on our ability to rent space at our properties and the amount of rents charged. We could be adversely affected if additional competitive properties are built in close proximity to our properties, causing increased competition for customer traffic and creditworthy tenants. This could result in decreased cash flow from tenants and may require us to make capital improvements to properties that we would not have otherwise made, thus affecting cash available for distributions to you and the amount of distributions we pay. Acquiring or attempting to acquire multiple properties in a single transaction may adversely affect our operations. From time to time, we acquire multiple properties in a single transaction. Portfolio acquisitions are more complex and expensive than single property acquisitions, and the risk that a multiple-property acquisition does not close may be greater than in a single-property acquisition. Portfolio acquisitions may also result in us owning investments in geographically dispersed markets, placing additional demands on our ability to manage the properties in the portfolio. In addition, a seller may require that a group of properties be purchased as a package even though we may not want to purchase one or more properties in the portfolio. In these situations, if we are unable to identify another person or entity to acquire the unwanted properties, we may be required to operate or attempt to dispose of these properties. To acquire multiple properties in a single transaction we may be required to accumulate a large amount of cash. We would expect the returns that we earn on such cash to be less than the ultimate returns on real property, therefore accumulating such cash could reduce our funds available for distributions to you. Any of the foregoing events may have an adverse effect on our operations. If we set aside insufficient capital reserves, we may be required to defer necessary capital improvements. If we do not have enough reserves for capital to supply needed funds for capital improvements throughout the life of the investment in a property and there is insufficient cash flow from operations, we may be required to defer necessary improvements to a property, which may cause that property to suffer from a greater risk of obsolescence or a decline in value, or a greater risk of decreased operating cash flows as a result of fewer potential tenants being attracted to the property. If this happens, we may not be able to maintain projected rental rates for affected properties, and our results of operations may be negatively impacted. Costs of complying with environmental laws and regulations may adversely affect our income and the cash available for any distributions. All real property and the operations conducted on real property are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and human health and safety. These laws and regulations generally govern wastewater discharges, air emissions, the operation and removal of underground and above-ground storage tanks, the use, storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of solid hazardous materials, and the remediation of contamination associated with disposals. Some of these laws and regulations may impose joint and several liability on tenants, owners or operators for the costs of investigation or remediation of contaminated properties, regardless of fault or whether the acts causing the contamination were legal. This liability could be substantial. In addition, the presence of hazardous substances, or the failure to properly remediate these substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell or rent such property or to use such property as collateral for future borrowing. 32 Table of Contents Compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretation of existing laws may require material expenditures by us. Future laws, ordinances or regulations may impose material environmental liability. Additionally, our properties may be affected by our tenants'; operations, the existing condition of land when we buy it, operations in the vicinity of our properties, such as the presence of underground storage tanks, or activities of unrelated third parties. In addition, there are various local, state and federal fire, health, life-safety and similar regulations that we may be required to comply with, and that may subject us to liability in the form of fines or damages for noncompliance. Any material expenditures, fines, or damages we must pay will reduce our ability to make distributions to you and may reduce the value of your investment. We may not obtain an independent third-party environmental assessment for every property we acquire. In addition, any such assessment that we do obtain may not reveal all environmental liabilities. The cost of defending against claims of liability, of compliance with environmental regulatory requirements, of remediating any contaminated property, or of paying personal injury claims would materially adversely affect our business, assets or results of operations and, consequently, amounts available for distribution to you. Discovery of previously undetected environmentally hazardous conditions may adversely affect our operating results. Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on, under or in such property. The costs of removal or remediation could be substantial. Such laws often impose liability whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. Environmental laws also may impose restrictions on the manner in which property may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures. Environmental laws provide for sanctions in the event of noncompliance and may be enforced by governmental agencies or, in certain circumstances, by private parties. Certain environmental laws and common law principles could be used to impose liability for release of and exposure to hazardous substances, including asbestos-containing materials into the air, and third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury or property damage associated with exposure to released hazardous substances. The cost of defending against claims of liability, of compliance with environmental regulatory requirements, of remediating any contaminated property, or of paying personal injury claims could materially adversely affect our business, assets or results of operations and, consequently, amounts available for distribution to you. If we sell properties by providing financing to purchasers, defaults by the purchasers would adversely affect our cash flow from operations. If we decide to sell any of our properties, we intend to use our best efforts to sell them for cash. However, in some instances we may sell our properties by providing financing to purchasers. When we provide financing to purchasers, we will bear the risk that the purchaser may default on its obligations under the financing, which could negatively impact cash flow from operations. Even in the absence of a purchaser default, the distribution of sale proceeds, or their reinvestment in other assets, will be delayed until the promissory notes or other property we may accept upon the sale are actually paid, sold, refinanced or otherwise disposed of. In some cases, we may receive initial down payments in cash and other property in the year of sale in an amount less than the selling price, and subsequent payments will be spread over a number of years. If any purchaser defaults under a financing arrangement with us, it could negatively impact our ability to pay cash distributions to you. Our costs associated with complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, may affect cash available for distributions. Our properties generally are subject to the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended (the ";Disabilities Act";). Under the Disabilities Act, all places of public accommodation are required to comply with federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. The Disabilities Act has separate compliance requirements for ";public accommodations"; and ";commercial facilities"; that generally require that buildings and services be made accessible and available to people with disabilities. The Disabilities Act could require us to remove access barriers and could result in the imposition of injunctive relief, monetary penalties, or, in some cases, an award of damages. We will attempt to acquire properties that comply with the Disabilities Act or place the burden on the seller or other third party, such as a tenant, to ensure compliance with the Disabilities Act. However, we may not be able to acquire properties or allocate responsibilities in this manner. If we cannot, our funds used for the Disabilities Act compliance may affect cash available for distributions and the amount of distributions to you. 33 Table of Contents A proposed change in U.S. accounting standards for leases could reduce the overall demand to lease our properties. The existing accounting standards for leases require lessees to classify their leases as either capital or operating leases. Under a capital lease, both the leased asset, which represents the tenant';s right to use the property, and the contractual lease obligation are recorded on the tenant';s balance sheet if one of the following criteria are met: (1) the lease transfers ownership of the property to the lessee by the end of the lease term; (2) the lease contains a bargain purchase option; (3) the non-cancelable lease term is more than 75% of the useful life of the asset; or (4) if the present value of the minimum lease payments equals 90% or more of the leased property';s fair value. If the terms of the lease do not meet these criteria, the lease is considered an operating lease, and no leased asset or contractual lease obligation is recorded by the tenant. Recently, the U.S. Financial Accounting Standards Board (the ";FASB";) and the International Accounting Standards Board (";IASB";) initiated a joint project to develop new guidelines to lease accounting. The FASB and IASB (collectively, the ";Boards";) recently issued Exposure Drafts (the ";Exposure Drafts";), which propose substantial changes to the current lease accounting standards, primarily by eliminating the concept of operating lease accounting. As a result, a lease asset and obligation would be recorded on the tenant';s balance sheet for all lease arrangements. In addition, the Exposure Drafts could impact the method in which contractual lease payments would be recorded. In order to mitigate the effect of the proposed lease accounting, tenants may seek to negotiate certain terms within new lease arrangements or modify terms in existing lease arrangements, such as shorter lease terms, which would generally have less impact on tenant balance sheets. Also, tenants may reassess their lease-versus-buy strategies. This could result in a greater renewal risk, a delay in investing proceeds from our Offerings, or shorter lease terms, all of which may negatively impact our operations and our ability to pay distributions to you. The Exposure Drafts do not include a proposed effective date, are still being deliberated, and are subject to change. The Boards intend to complete their deliberations and publish a revised exposure draft during the first half of 2013; however, a final standard is not expected to be issued until 2013 or 2014. Risks Associated with Debt Financing We have incurred mortgage indebtedness and other borrowings, which may increase our business risks, hinder our ability to make distributions, and decrease the value of your investment. We have acquired real estate and other real estate-related investments by borrowing new funds. In addition, we may incur mortgage debt and pledge all or some of our real properties as security for that debt to obtain funds to acquire additional real properties and other investments and to pay distributions to stockholders. We may borrow additional funds if we need funds to satisfy the REIT tax qualification requirement that we distribute at least 90% of our annual REIT taxable income to our stockholders. We may also borrow additional funds if we otherwise deem it necessary or advisable to assure that we maintain our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Our advisor believes that utilizing borrowing is consistent with our investment objective of maximizing the return to investors. There is no limitation on the amount we may borrow against any individual property or other investment. However, under our charter, we are required to limit our borrowings to 75% of the cost (before deducting depreciation or other non-cash reserves) of our gross assets, unless excess borrowing is approved by a majority of the independent directors and disclosed to our stockholders in our next quarterly report along with a justification for such excess borrowing. Moreover, our board of directors has adopted a policy to further limit our borrowings to 60% of the greater of cost (before deducting depreciation or other non-cash reserves) or fair market value of our gross assets, unless such borrowing is approved by a majority of the independent directors and disclosed to our stockholders in the next quarterly report along with a justification for such excess borrowing. Our borrowings will not exceed 300% of our net assets as of the date of any borrowing, which is the maximum level of indebtedness permitted under the NASAA REIT Guidelines; however, we may exceed that limit if approved by a majority of our independent directors. We expect that during the period of the Offerings, high debt levels would cause us to incur higher interest charges, would result in higher debt service payments, and could be accompanied by restrictive covenants. These factors could limit the amount of cash we have available to distribute to you and could result in a decline in the value of your investment. We do not intend to incur mortgage debt on a particular property unless we believe the property';s projected operating cash flow is sufficient to service the mortgage debt. However, if there is a shortfall between the cash flow from a property and the cash flow needed to service mortgage debt on a property, the amount available for distributions to you may be reduced. In addition, incurring mortgage debt increases the risk of loss since defaults on indebtedness secured by a property may result in lenders initiating foreclosure actions. In that case, we could lose the property securing the loan that is in default, thus reducing the value of your investment. For tax purposes, a foreclosure of any of our properties would be treated as a sale of the property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage. If the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage exceeds our tax basis in the property, we would recognize taxable income on foreclosure, but would not receive any cash proceeds from the foreclosure. In such event, we may be unable to pay the amount of distributions 34 Table of Contents required in order to maintain our REIT status. We have given, and in the future may give full or partial guarantees to lenders of mortgage debt to the entities that own our properties. When we provide a guaranty on behalf of an entity that owns one of our properties, we are responsible to the lender for satisfaction of the debt if it is not paid by such entity. If any mortgages contain cross-collateralization or cross-default provisions, a default on a single property could affect multiple properties. If any of our properties are foreclosed upon due to a default, our ability to pay cash distributions to you will be adversely affected, which could result in our losing our REIT status and would result in a decrease in the value of your investment. High interest rates may make it difficult for us to finance or refinance properties, which could reduce the number of properties we can acquire and the amount of cash distributions we can make to you. We run the risk of being unable to finance or refinance our properties on favorable terms or at all. If interest rates are higher when we desire to mortgage our properties or when existing loans come due and the properties need to be refinanced, we may not be able to finance the properties and we would be required to use cash to purchase or repay outstanding obligations. Our inability to use debt to finance or refinance our properties could reduce the number of properties we can acquire, which could reduce our operating cash flows and the amount of cash distributions we can make to you. Higher costs of capital also could negatively impact operating cash flows and returns on our investments. Increases in interest rates could increase the amount of our debt payments and adversely affect our ability to pay distributions to you. We have incurred, and in the future may incur additional indebtedness that bears interest at a variable rate. To the extent that we incur variable rate debt, increases in interest rates would increase our interest costs, which could reduce our operating cash flows and our ability to pay distributions to you. In addition, if we need to repay existing debt during periods of rising interest rates, we could be required to liquidate one or more of our investments at times that may not permit realization of the maximum return on such investments. Lenders may require us to enter into restrictive covenants relating to our operations, which could limit our ability to make distributions to you. In connection with providing us financing, a lender could impose restrictions on us that affect our distribution and operating policies and our ability to incur additional debt. In general, our loan agreements restrict our ability to encumber or otherwise transfer our interest in the respective property without the prior consent of the lender. Loan documents we enter into may contain covenants that limit our ability to further mortgage the property, discontinue insurance coverage or replace CR III Advisors as our advisor. These or other limitations imposed by a lender may adversely affect our flexibility and our ability to achieve our investment and operating objectives, which could limit our ability to make distributions to you. Interest-only indebtedness may increase our risk of default and ultimately may reduce our funds available for distribution to you. We have financed our property acquisitions using interest-only mortgage indebtedness and may continue to do so. During the interest-only period, the amount of each scheduled payment will be less than that of a traditional amortizing mortgage loan. The principal balance of the mortgage loan will not be reduced (except in the case of prepayments) because there are no scheduled monthly payments of principal during this period. After the interest-only period, we will be required either to make scheduled payments of amortized principal and interest or to make a lump-sum or ";balloon"; payment at maturity. These required principal or balloon payments will increase the amount of our scheduled payments and may increase our risk of default under the related mortgage loan. If the mortgage loan has an adjustable interest rate, the amount of our scheduled payments also may increase at a time of rising interest rates. Increased payments and substantial principal or balloon maturity payments will reduce the funds available for distribution to our stockholders because cash otherwise available for distribution will be required to pay principal and interest associated with these mortgage loans. Our ability to make a balloon payment at maturity is uncertain and may depend upon our ability to obtain additional financing or our ability to sell the property. At the time the balloon payment is due, we may or may not be able to refinance the loan on terms as favorable as the original loan or sell the property at a price sufficient to make the balloon payment. The effect of a refinancing or sale could affect the rate of return to stockholders and the projected time of disposition of our assets. In addition, payments of principal and interest made to service our debts may leave us with insufficient cash to pay the distributions that we are required to pay to maintain our qualification as a REIT. Any of these results would have a significant, negative impact on your investment. 35 Table of Contents To hedge against exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations, we may use derivative financial instruments that may be costly and ineffective and may reduce the overall returns on your investment. We have entered into, and in the future may use additional derivative financial instruments to hedge our exposure to changes in exchange rates and interest rates on loans secured by our assets and investments in CMBS. Derivative instruments may include interest rate swap contracts, interest rate cap or floor contracts, futures or forward contracts, options or repurchase agreements. Our actual hedging decisions will be determined in light of the facts and circumstances existing at the time of the hedge and may differ from time to time. To the extent that we use derivative financial instruments to hedge against exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations, we will be exposed to credit risk, basis risk and legal enforceability risks. In this context, credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. If the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes us, which creates credit risk for us. Basis risk occurs when the index upon which the contract is based is more or less variable than the index upon which the hedged asset or liability is based, thereby making the hedge less effective. Finally, legal enforceability risks encompass general contractual risks, including the risk that the counterparty will breach the terms of, or fail to perform its obligations under, the derivative contract. If we are unable to manage these risks effectively, our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions to you will be adversely affected. Risks Associated with Investments in Mortgage, Bridge and Mezzanine Loans and Real Estate-Related Securities Investing in mortgage, bridge or mezzanine loans could adversely affect our return on our loan investments. We may make or acquire mortgage, bridge or mezzanine loans, or participations in such loans, to the extent our advisor and board of directors determine that it is advantageous for us to do so. However, if we make or invest in mortgage, bridge or mezzanine loans, we will be at risk of defaults on those loans caused by many conditions beyond our control, including local and other economic conditions affecting real estate values, interest rate changes, rezoning, and failure by the borrower to maintain the property. If there are defaults under these loans, we may not be able to repossess and sell quickly any properties securing such loans. An action to foreclose on a property securing a loan is regulated by state statutes and regulations and is subject to many of the delays and expenses of any lawsuit brought in connection with the foreclosure if the defendant raises defenses or counterclaims. In the event of default by a mortgagor, these restrictions, among other things, may impede our ability to foreclose on or sell the mortgaged property or to obtain proceeds sufficient to repay all amounts due to us on the loan, which could reduce the value of our investment in the defaulted loan. In addition, investments in mezzanine loans involve a higher degree of risk than long-term senior mortgage loans secured by income-producing real property because the investment may become unsecured as a result of foreclosure on the underlying real property by the senior lender. We have invested in, and may continue to invest in, various types of real estate-related securities. Aside from investments in real estate, we are permitted to invest in real estate-related securities, including securities issued by other real estate companies, CMBS, mortgage, bridge, mezzanine or other loans and Section 1031 tenant-in-common interests, and we may invest in real estate-related securities of both publicly traded and private real estate companies. We are focused, however, on acquiring interests in retail and other income-producing properties. We may not have the expertise necessary to maximize the return on our investment in real estate-related securities. If our advisor determines that it is advantageous to us to make the types of investments in which our advisor or its affiliates do not have experience, our advisor intends to employ persons, engage consultants or partner with third parties that have, in our advisor';s opinion, the relevant expertise necessary to assist our advisor in evaluating, making and administering such investments. Investments in real estate-related securities will be subject to specific risks relating to the particular issuer of the securities and may be subject to the general risks of investing in subordinated real estate securities, which may result in losses to us. Our investments in real estate-related securities will involve special risks relating to the particular issuer of the securities, including the financial condition and business outlook of the issuer. Issuers of real estate-related equity securities generally invest in real estate or real estate-related assets and are subject to the inherent risks associated with real estate-related investments discussed herein, including risks relating to rising interest rates. Real estate-related securities are often unsecured and also may be subordinated to other obligations of the issuer. As a result, investments in real estate-related securities are subject to risks of (1) limited liquidity in the secondary trading market in the case of unlisted or thinly traded securities, (2) substantial market price volatility resulting from changes in prevailing interest rates in the case of traded equity securities, (3) subordination to the prior claims of banks and other senior lenders to the issuer, (4) the operation of mandatory sinking fund or call/redemption provisions during periods of declining interest rates that could cause the issuer to reinvest redemption proceeds in lower yielding assets, (5) the possibility that earnings of the issuer may be insufficient to meet its debt service and distribution obligations and (6) the declining creditworthiness and potential for 36 Table of Contents insolvency of the issuer during periods of rising interest rates and economic slowdown or downturn. These risks may adversely affect the value of outstanding real estate-related securities and the ability of the issuers thereof to repay principal and interest or make distribution payments. The CMBS in which we have invested, and may continue to invest, are subject to all of the risks of the underlying mortgage loans, the risks of the securitization process and dislocations in the mortgage-backed securities market in general. CMBS are securities that evidence interests in, or are secured by, a single commercial mortgage loan or a pool of commercial mortgage loans. Accordingly, these securities are subject to all of the risks of the underlying mortgage loans. In a rising interest rate environment, the value of CMBS may be adversely affected when payments on underlying mortgages do not occur as anticipated, resulting in the extension of the security';s effective maturity and the related increase in interest rate sensitivity of a longer-term instrument. The value of CMBS may also change due to shifts in the market';s perception of issuers and regulatory or tax changes adversely affecting the mortgage securities market as a whole. In addition, CMBS are subject to the credit risk associated with the performance of the underlying mortgage properties. CMBS are issued by investment banks, not financial institutions, and are not insured or guaranteed by the U.S. government. CMBS are also subject to several risks created through the securitization process. Subordinate CMBS are paid interest only to the extent that there are funds available to make payments. To the extent the collateral pool includes delinquent loans, there is a risk that interest payments on subordinate CMBS will not be fully paid. Subordinate CMBS are also subject to greater credit risk than those CMBS that are more highly rated. In certain instances, third-party guarantees or other forms of credit support can reduce the credit risk. Although we intend to invest only in mortgage-backed securities collateralized by commercial loans, the value of such CMBS can be negatively impacted by any dislocation in the mortgage-backed securities market in general. Currently, the mortgage-backed securities market is suffering from a severe dislocation created by mortgage pools that include sub-prime mortgages secured by residential real estate. Sub-prime loans often have high interest rates and are often made to borrowers with credit scores that would not qualify them for prime conventional loans. In recent years, banks made a great number of the sub-prime residential mortgage loans with high interest rates, floating interest rates, interest rates that reset from time to time, and/or interest-only payment features that expire over time. These terms, coupled with rising interest rates, have caused an increasing number of homeowners to default on their mortgages. Purchasers of mortgage-backed securities collateralized by mortgage pools that include risky sub-prime residential mortgages have experienced severe losses as a result of the defaults and such losses have had a negative impact on the CMBS market. Federal Income Tax Risks Failure to continue to qualify as a REIT would adversely affect our operations and our ability to make distributions. If we fail to continue to qualify as a REIT for any taxable year, we will be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at corporate rates. In addition, we would generally be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year of losing our REIT status. Losing our REIT status would reduce our net earnings available for investment or distribution to you because of the additional tax liability. In addition, distributions to you would no longer qualify for the dividends paid deduction, and we would no longer be required to make distributions. If this occurs, we might be required to borrow funds or liquidate some investments in order to pay the applicable tax. Our failure to continue to qualify as a REIT would adversely affect the return on your investment. In order to continue to qualify as a REIT after the Merger, if it is completed, we plan to hold substantially all of our non-qualifying REIT assets and conduct substantially all of our non-qualifying REIT income activities in or through one or more taxable real estate investment trust subsidiaries (";TRSs";). Because the REIT rules limit our ability to receive distributions from TRSs, our ability to fund distribution payments using cash generated through our TRSs may be limited. If the Merger is completed, we intend to operate our acquired investment management and real estate advisory business through one or more TRSs. Our ability to receive dividend distributions from our TRSs is limited by the rules with which we must comply to maintain our status as a REIT. In particular, at least 75% of our gross income for each taxable year as a REIT must be derived from real estate-related sources, which principally includes gross income from the leasing of our properties. Consequently, no more than 25% of our gross income may consist of dividend income from our TRSs and other non-qualifying types of income. Thus, our ability to receive distributions from our TRSs may be limited and may impact our ability to fund distributions to our stockholders using cash flows from our TRSs. Specifically, if our TRSs became highly profitable, we might become limited in our ability to receive dividends from our TRSs in an amount required to fund distributions to our stockholders commensurate with that profitability. 37 Table of Contents If we fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may need to borrow funds or liquidate some investments to pay the additional tax liability. Were this to occur, funds available for investment would be reduced. REIT qualification involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (";Internal Revenue Code";) to our operations, as well as various factual determinations concerning matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. There are limited judicial or administrative interpretations of these provisions. Although we plan to continue to operate in a manner consistent with the REIT qualification rules, we cannot assure you that we will so qualify or remain so qualified. Our ownership of our TRSs will be subject to limitations that could prevent us from growing our investment management and real estate advisory business, and our transactions with our TRSs could cause us to be subject to a 100% penalty tax on certain income or deductions if those transactions are not conducted on an arm';s-length basis. Overall, no more than 25% of the value of a REIT';s assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more TRSs, and compliance with this limitation could limit our ability to grow our investment management business. In addition, the Internal Revenue Code limits the deductibility of interest paid or accrued by a TRS to its parent REIT to assure that the TRS is subject to an appropriate level of corporate taxation. The Internal Revenue Code also imposes a 100% excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm';s-length basis. We intend to monitor the value of our respective investments in our TRSs for the purpose of ensuring compliance with TRS ownership limitations and will structure our transactions with our TRSs on terms that we believe are arm';s-length to avoid incurring the 100% excise tax described above. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to comply with the 25% TRS limitation or to avoid application of the 100% excise tax. Re-characterization of sale-leaseback transactions may cause us to lose our REIT status. We may purchase properties and lease them back to the sellers of such properties. While we will use our best efforts to structure any such sale-leaseback transaction so that the lease will be characterized as a ";true lease,"; thereby allowing us to be treated as the owner of the property for federal income tax purposes, the IRS could challenge such characterization. In the event that any sale-leaseback transaction is challenged and re-characterized as a financing transaction or loan for federal income tax purposes, deductions for depreciation and cost recovery relating to such property would be disallowed. If a sale-leaseback transaction were so re-characterized, we might fail to satisfy the REIT qualification ";asset tests"; or the ";income tests"; and, consequently, lose our REIT status effective with the year of re-characterization. Alternatively, the amount of our REIT taxable income could be recalculated, which might also cause us to fail to meet the distribution requirement for a taxable year. You may have current tax liability on distributions you elect to reinvest in our common stock. If you participate in our DRIP, you will be deemed to have received, and for income tax purposes will be taxed on, the amount reinvested in shares of our common stock to the extent the amount reinvested was not a nontaxable distribution. In addition, you will be treated, for tax purposes, as having received an additional distribution to the extent the shares are purchased at a discount to fair market value. As a result, unless you are a tax-exempt entity, you may have to use funds from other sources to pay your tax liability on the value of the common stock received. Distributions payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates that apply to other corporate distributions. Tax legislation enacted in 2003, as amended 2005 and 2010, generally reduces the maximum U.S. federal income tax rate for distributions payable by corporations to domestic stockholders that are individuals, trusts or estates to 15% prior to 2013. Distributions payable by REITs, however, generally continue to be taxed at the normal rate applicable to the individual recipient, rather than the 15% preferential rate. Our distributions will be taxed as ordinary income at the non-preferential rate, to the extent they are from our current or accumulated earnings and profits; to the extent distributions exceed our current or accumulated earnings and profits, they will be treated first as a nontaxable distribution, reducing the tax basis in each U.S. stockholder';s shares (but not below zero), then the distributions will be taxed as gain from the sale of shares. You should discuss the difference in treatment of REIT distributions and regular corporate distributions with your tax advisor. 38 Table of Contents If our operating partnership fails to maintain its status as a partnership, its income may be subject to taxation, which would reduce the cash available to us for distribution to you. We intend to maintain the status of CCPT III OP, our operating partnership, as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. However, if the IRS were to successfully challenge the status of our operating partnership as an entity taxable as a partnership, CCPT III OP would be taxable as a corporation. In such event, this would reduce the amount of distributions that the operating partnership could make to us. This could also result in our losing REIT status, and becoming subject to a corporate level tax on our income. This would substantially reduce the cash available to us to make distributions to you and the return on your investment. In addition, if any of the partnerships or limited liability companies through which CCPT III OP owns its properties, in whole or in part, loses its characterization as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, it would be subject to taxation as a corporation, thereby reducing distributions to our operating partnership. Such a re-characterization of an underlying property owner also could threaten our ability to maintain REIT status. In certain circumstances, we may be subject to federal and state income taxes as a REIT, which would reduce our cash available for distribution to you. Even if we maintain our status as a REIT, we may be subject to federal income taxes or state taxes. For example, net income from the sale of properties that are ";dealer"; properties sold by a REIT (a ";prohibited transaction"; under the Internal Revenue Code) will be subject to a 100% tax. We may not be able to make sufficient distributions to avoid excise taxes applicable to REITs. We may also decide to retain income we earn from the sale or other disposition of our property and pay income tax directly on such income. In that event, our stockholders would be treated as if they earned that income and paid the tax on it directly. However, stockholders that are tax-exempt, such as charities or qualified pension plans, would have no benefit from their deemed payment of such tax liability. We may also be subject to state and local taxes on our income or property, either directly or at the level of CCPT III OP or at the level of the other entities through which we indirectly own our assets. Any federal or state taxes we pay will reduce our cash available for distribution to you. Legislative or regulatory action could adversely affect the returns to our investors. In recent years, numerous legislative, judicial and administrative changes have been made in the provisions of the federal income tax laws applicable to investments similar to an investment in our common stock. Additional changes to the tax laws are likely to continue to occur, and we cannot assure our stockholders that any such changes will not adversely affect their taxation. Such changes could have an adverse effect on an investment in our stock or on the market value or the resale potential of our assets. Our stockholders are urged to consult with their own tax advisor with respect to the impact of recent legislation on their investment in our stock and the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in shares of our common stock. Congress passed major federal tax legislation in 2003, with modifications to that legislation in 2005 and an extension of that legislation by the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010. One of the changes effected by that legislation generally reduced the maximum tax rate on qualified dividends paid by corporations to individuals to 15.0% through 2012. On January 3, 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, extending such 15.0% qualified dividend rate for 2013 and subsequent taxable years for those unmarried individuals with income under $400,000 and for married couples with income under $450,000. For those with income above such thresholds, the qualified dividend rate is 20.0%. REIT distributions, however, generally do not constitute qualified dividends and consequently are not eligible for this reduced maximum tax rate. Therefore, our stockholders will pay federal income tax on our distributions (other than capital gains dividends or distributions which represent a return of capital for tax purposes) at the applicable ";ordinary income"; rate, the maximum of which is currently 39.6%. However, as a REIT, we generally would not be subject to federal or state corporate income taxes on that portion of our ordinary income or capital gain that we distribute currently to you, and we thus expect to avoid the ";double taxation"; to which other corporations are typically subject. Although REITs continue to receive substantially better tax treatment than entities taxed as corporations, it is possible that future legislation would result in a REIT having fewer tax advantages, and it could become more advantageous for a company that invests in real estate to elect to be taxed for federal income tax purposes as a corporation. As a result, our charter provides our board of directors with the power, under certain circumstances, to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election and cause us to be taxed as a corporation, without the vote of our stockholders. Our board of directors has fiduciary duties to us and our stockholders and could only cause such changes in our tax treatment if it determines in good faith that such changes are in our stockholders'; best interest. 39 Table of Contents Foreign purchasers of our common stock may be subject to FIRPTA tax upon the sale of their shares. A foreign person disposing of a U.S. real property interest, including shares of a U.S. corporation whose assets consist principally of U.S. real property interests, is generally subject to the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act of 1980, as amended, known as FIRPTA, on the gain recognized on the disposition. Such FIRPTA tax does not apply, however, to the disposition of stock in a REIT if the REIT is ";domestically controlled."; A REIT is ";domestically controlled"; if less than 50% of the REIT';s stock, by value, has been owned directly or indirectly by persons who are not qualifying U.S. persons during a continuous five-year period ending on the date of disposition or, if shorter, during the entire period of the REIT';s existence. We cannot assure you that we will continue to qualify as a ";domestically controlled"; REIT. If we were to fail to so qualify, gain realized by foreign investors on a sale of our shares would be subject to FIRPTA tax, unless our shares were traded on an established securities market and the foreign investor did not at any time during a specified testing period directly or indirectly own more than 5% of the value of our outstanding common stock. For qualified accounts, if an investment in our shares constitutes a prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code, it is possible that you may be subject to the imposition of significant excise taxes and penalties with respect to the amount invested. If you are investing the assets of a pension, profit-sharing, 401(k), Keogh or other qualified retirement plan or the assets of an IRA in our common stock, you should satisfy yourself that, among other things: &#8226; your investment is consistent with your fiduciary obligations under ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code; &#8226; your investment is made in accordance with the documents and instruments governing your plan or IRA, including your plan';s investment policy; &#8226; your investment satisfies the prudence and diversification requirements of ERISA and other applicable provisions of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code; &#8226; your investment will not impair the liquidity of the plan or IRA; &#8226; your investment will not produce unrelated business taxable income for the plan or IRA; &#8226; you will be able to value the assets of the plan annually in accordance with ERISA requirements and applicable provisions of the plan or IRA; and &#8226; your investment will not constitute a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code. Failure to satisfy the fiduciary standards of conduct and other applicable requirements of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code may result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties and could subject the fiduciary to equitable remedies. In addition, if an investment in our shares constitutes a prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code, the fiduciary who authorized or directed the investment may be subject to the imposition of civil and criminal penalties and could subject the fiduciary to equitable remedies. In addition, if an investment in our shares constitutes a prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code, the fiduciary who authorized or directed the investment may be subject to the imposition of excise taxes with respect to the amount invested. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES As of December 31, 2012 , we owned, through separate wholly-owned limited partnerships, limited liability companies or consolidated joint venture arrangements, a portfolio of 1,014 &#32;properties located in 47 &#32;states comprising 43.1 million &#32;gross rentable square feet of commercial space including square feet of buildings, which are on land subject to ground leases. As of December 31, 2012 , 807 &#32;of the properties were freestanding, single-tenant retail properties, 120 &#32;of the properties were freestanding, single-tenant commercial properties, 70 &#32;of the properties were multi-tenant retail properties, 16 &#32;of the properties were office and industrial properties and one &#32;was a land parcel under construction. As of December 31, 2012 , 99% &#32;of our rentable square feet was leased, with a weighted average remaining lease term of 12.7 years. As of December 31, 2012 , we had outstanding debt of $3.3 billion , secured by certain of our properties and the related tenant leases. 40 Table of Contents In addition, through seven &#32;unconsolidated joint venture arrangements, as of December 31, 2012 , we had interests in 12 &#32;properties comprising 2.3 million &#32;gross rentable square feet of commercial space for an aggregate investment of $96.8 million &#32;(the ";Unconsolidated Joint Ventures";). The following table shows the tenant diversification of our real estate portfolio, including properties owned through consolidated joint venture arrangements that held real estate assets with an aggregate book value of $55.0 million &#32;(the ";Consolidated Joint Ventures";), based on gross annualized rental revenue, as of December 31, 2012 : 2012 Gross Percentage of Total Annualized 2012 Gross Number Leased Rental Revenue Annualized Tenant of Leases Square Feet (1) (in thousands) Rental Revenue Walgreens - drugstore 76 1,117,766 $ 28,421 5 % Albertson';s - grocery 34 1,973,485 24,075 4 % PetSmart - pet supplies 41 1,281,846 23,152 4 % CVS - drugstore 58 914,799 22,128 4 % BJ';s Wholesale Club - warehouse club 3 2,229,933 19,106 3 % Apollo Group - education 1 599,664 14,557 3 % Wal-Mart - discount store 8 1,732,275 14,391 3 % L.A. Fitness - fitness 17 753,001 14,160 3 % Amazon - wholesale 3 3,048,444 13,922 2 % Kohl';s - department store 20 1,599,980 13,816 2 % Other 1,489 27,380,910 376,882 67 % 1,750 42,632,103 $ 564,610 100 % (1) Including square feet of buildings, which are on land subject to ground leases. The following table shows the tenant industry diversification of our real estate portfolio, including the Consolidated Joint Ventures, based on gross annualized rental revenue, as of December 31, 2012 : 2012 Gross Percentage of Total Annualized 2012 Gross Number Leased Rental Revenue Annualized Industry of Leases Square Feet (1) (in thousands) Rental Revenue Restaurant 324 2,065,803 $ 58,077 10 % Grocery 72 3,904,080 50,750 9 % Drugstore 134 2,032,565 50,549 9 % Discount store 220 4,314,042 42,957 8 % Home and garden 66 3,874,610 30,553 5 % Pet supplies 48 1,387,043 24,790 4 % Warehouse club 7 2,767,089 24,203 4 % Healthcare 57 967,194 22,256 4 % Financial services 60 938,489 20,041 4 % Convenience store 86 370,114 18,266 3 % Other 676 20,011,074 222,168 40 % 1,750 42,632,103 $ 564,610 100 % (1) Including square feet of buildings, which are on land subject to ground leases. 41 Table of Contents The following table shows the geographic diversification of our real estate portfolio, including the Consolidated Joint Ventures, based on gross annualized rental revenue, as of December 31, 2012 : Total 2012 Gross Percentage of Number Annualized 2012 Gross of Rentable Rental Revenue Annualized Location Properties Square Feet (1) (in thousands) Rental Revenue Texas 190 6,090,708 $ 95,231 17 % Arizona 41 2,979,354 49,148 9 % California 21 2,865,634 40,209 7 % Florida 81 3,299,153 39,956 7 % Illinois 46 1,508,238 29,214 5 % Georgia 38 1,992,309 25,572 5 % Michigan 43 1,680,617 21,630 4 % New Jersey 14 893,871 20,449 4 % Virginia 24 1,348,402 18,119 3 % Ohio 67 1,666,352 17,671 3 % Other 449 18,761,717 207,411 36 % 1,014 43,086,355 $ 564,610 100 % (1) Including square feet of buildings, which are on land subject to ground leases. Leases Although there are variations in the specific terms of the leases of our properties, the following is a summary of the general structure of our leases. Generally, the leases of the properties owned provide for initial terms of 10 to 20 years. As of December 31, 2012 , the weighted average remaining lease term, including the Consolidated Joint Ventures'; leases, was 12.7 &#32;years. The properties generally are leased under net leases pursuant to which the tenant bears responsibility for substantially all property costs and expenses associated with ongoing maintenance and operation, including utilities, property taxes and insurance. Certain of the leases require us to maintain the roof and structure. The leases of the properties provide for annual rental payments (payable in monthly installments) ranging from $6,000 &#32;to $14.6 million &#32;(average of $321,000 ). Certain leases provide for limited increases in rent as a result of fixed increases or increases in the consumer price index. Generally, the property leases provide the tenant with one or more multi-year renewal options, subject to generally the same terms and conditions as the initial lease term. Certain leases also provide that in the event we wish to sell the property subject to that lease, we first must offer the lessee the right to purchase the property on the same terms and conditions as any offer which we intend to accept for the sale of the property. The following table shows lease expirations of our real estate portfolio, including the Consolidated Joint Ventures, as of December 31, 2012 , during each of the next ten years and thereafter, assuming no exercise of renewal options: 42 Table of Contents 2012 Gross Total Annualized Percentage of Number Leased Rental Revenue 2012 Gross of Leases Square Feet Expiring Annualized Year of Lease Expiration Expiring Expiring (1) (in thousands) Rental Revenue 2013 86 310,005 $ 5,083 1 % 2014 72 303,575 5,623 1 % 2015 87 431,498 7,063 1 % 2016 112 1,168,200 15,322 3 % 2017 138 1,102,430 14,422 3 % 2018 124 2,083,056 26,227 5 % 2019 88 2,119,088 26,444 5 % 2020 52 1,116,764 14,255 3 % 2021 83 2,906,899 35,792 6 % 2022 69 2,809,085 22,808 4 % Thereafter 839 28,281,503 391,571 68 % 1,750 42,632,103 $ 564,610 100 % (1) Including square feet of buildings, which are on land subject to ground leases. Notes Payable and Other Borrowings Information As of December 31, 2012 , we and the Consolidated Joint Ventures had $3.3 billion &#32;of debt outstanding, consisting of (1) $2.3 billion &#32;in fixed rate mortgage loans (the ";Fixed Rate Debt";), which includes $465.5 million &#32;of variable rate mortgage loans swapped to fixed rates, (2) $112.7 million &#32;in variable rate mortgage loans, including construction facilities, (the ";Variable Rate Debt";), (3) $767.8 million &#32;outstanding under the Credit Facility and (4) $100.1 million &#32;outstanding under repurchase agreements (the ";Repurchase Agreements";). The Fixed Rate Debt has annual interest rates ranging from 2.75% &#32;to 6.83% &#32;per annum, with certain debt containing LIBOR floors, and various maturity dates ranging from March 2013 &#32;through January 2023 , with a weighted average years to maturity of 6.9 &#32;years. The Variable Rate Debt has interest rates ranging from LIBOR plus 225 &#32;basis points to 325 &#32;basis points per annum, and various maturity dates from February 2013 &#32;through December 2017 . The Credit Facility provides borrowings up to $857.5 million , which includes a $278.75 million &#32;term loan (the ";Term Loan";) and up to $578.75 million &#32;in revolving loans (the ";Revolving Loans";). The Revolving Loans and Term Loan had a combined weighted average interest rate of 3.37% &#32;as of December 31, 2012 . The Credit Facility matures in June 2014 . The Repurchase Agreements provide for short-term financing in which we pledge our marketable securities as collateral to secure loans made by the lender and generally have a term of 90 days with annual interest rates ranging from LIBOR plus 120 &#32;basis points to 175 &#32;basis points. The total debt outstanding has a weighted average years to maturity of 5.3 &#32;years and weighted average interest rate of 4.38% . The aggregate balance of gross real estate assets, net of gross intangible lease liabilities, securing the total debt outstanding was $4.8 billion &#32;as of December 31, 2012 , which excludes the assets that are part of the Credit Facility';s underlying collateral pool of $1.4 billion . See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements that are part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding the debt outstanding. The notes payable contain customary default provisions and may generally be prepaid subject to meeting certain requirements and payment of a prepayment premium as specified in the respective loan agreement. Generally, upon the occurrence of an event of default, interest on the mortgage notes will accrue at an annual default interest rate equal to the lesser of (1) the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, or (2) the then-current interest rate plus a percentage specified in the respective loan agreement, which ranges from 3.00% to 6.80%. Notwithstanding the prepayment limitations, we may sell the properties to a buyer that assumes the respective note payable. The transfer would be subject to the conditions set forth in the respective note payable, including without limitation the lender';s approval of the proposed buyer and the payment of the lender';s fees, costs and expenses associated with the sale of the property and the assumption of the loan. Certain notes payable contain customary affirmative, negative and financial covenants, including requirements for minimum net worth and debt service coverage ratios, in addition to limits on leverage ratios and variable rate debt. The notes payable are generally non-recourse to us and CCPT III OP, but both are liable for customary non-recourse carve-outs. 43 Table of Contents ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS In connection with the Merger, on March 20, 2013, a putative class action and derivative lawsuit was filed in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland against and purportedly on behalf of the Company captioned Strub, et al. v. Cole Holdings Corporation, et al. (";Strub";) . The complaint names as defendants Holdings; CR III Advisors; Merger Sub; Cole Capital Advisors, Inc., Equity Fund Advisors, Inc. (an affiliate of Holdings), Cole Capital, and Cole Realty Advisors, Inc. (together, ";Cole Holding Entities";); each of the directors of the Company; and the Company. Strub &#32;alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties and duties of loyalty, candor and due care by causing the Company to enter into the Merger Agreement, failing to implement appropriate measures to ensure that the Company';s relationship with CR III Advisors did not become a vehicle for wrongful self-dealing, failing to consider and explore strategic alternatives to the Merger, failing to seek stockholder approval for the Merger, and by engaging in self-interested and otherwise conflicted actions. It also alleges that the Merger Sub and Cole Holdings Entities aided and abetted those breaches of fiduciary duty, and that Messrs. Cole and Nemer will be unjustly enriched by and following the Merger. Strub &#32;seeks a declaration that the conduct of the defendants is a breach of fiduciary duty or aiding and abetting such breaches and that the Merger Agreement is null and void; an order requiring stockholder approval of any acquisition of CR III Advisors or any Cole Holdings Entities; awarding damages and restitution, and disgorgement by each director; an award of plaintiffs'; reasonable attorneys'; fees, expert fees, interest, and cost of suit, and other relief. On March 28, 2013, Strub sought an injunction against the Merger closing until stockholder approval is obtained. The defendants intend to oppose that application. &#32;In addition, on March 25, 2013, a putative class action lawsuit was filed in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland captioned Rodgers v. Cole Credit Property Trust III, et al. (";Rodgers";). &#32;This complaint names as defendants the Company; Cole REIT III Operating Partnership, LP (";CCPT III OP";); CR III Advisors; Merger Sub; and each of the Company';s directors. Rodgers &#32;alleges that the Company';s directors breached their fiduciary duties by entering into the Merger Agreement, failing to provide transparency and a stockholder vote, structuring the transaction to prevent other potential buyers from buying the Company, and failing to disclose to stockholders a third party';s interest in acquiring the Company. It also alleges that CR III Advisors breached its fiduciary duty by ignoring and failing to disclose a third party offer; and that the Company, CCPT III OP, Merger Sub, and the directors aided and abetted the alleged breach of fiduciary duty by CR III Advisors. Rodgers &#32;seeks a declaration that the defendants have committed a gross abuse of trust and have breached and/or aided and abetted breach of fiduciary duties; that the Merger is therefore unlawful and unenforceable, and that the Merger and any related agreements should be rescinded and invalidated; declaring that the Merger and Merger Agreement should be rescinded and parties restored to their original position; imposing a constructive trust in favor of the plaintiff and class on any benefits, property or value improperly received by, traceable to, or in possession of defendants as a result of wrongful conduct; enjoining defendants from consummating the Merger until the Company has a process to obtain a merger agreement providing best possible terms to stockholders; rescinding the Merger to the extent implemented or granting rescissory damages; directing the directors to account to plaintiff and class for damages as a result of their wrongdoing; awarding compensatory damages and interest; awarding costs, including reasonable attorneys'; and experts'; fees; and granting further equitable relief that is deemed just and proper. The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted at this time and no provisions for losses, if any, have been recorded in our consolidated financial statements that are part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In the ordinary course of business we may become subject to litigation or claims. We are not aware of any material pending legal proceedings, other than as stated above and ordinary routine litigation incidental to our business, to which we are a party or to which our properties are the subject. ITEM 4. &#32;MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 44 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT';S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information As of March 26, 2013 , we had approximately 496.7 million &#32;shares of common stock outstanding, held by a total of 101,586 &#32;stockholders of record. The number of stockholders is based on the records of DST Systems, Inc., who serves as our registrar and transfer agent. There is currently no established trading market for our common stock. Therefore, there is a risk that a stockholder may not be able to sell our stock at a time or price acceptable to the stockholder, or at all. Pursuant to the DRIP Offering, we are selling shares of our common stock to the public at a price of $9.50 per share pursuant to an amended and restated DRIP. Pursuant to the terms of our current charter, certain restrictions are imposed on the ownership and transfer of shares. Unless and until our shares are listed on a national securities exchange in connection with the Merger or otherwise, we cannot guarantee that a public market for the shares will develop. To assist fiduciaries of tax-qualified pension, stock bonus or profit-sharing plans, employee benefit plans and annuities described in Section 403(a) or (b) of the Internal Revenue Code or an individual retirement account or annuity described in Section 408 of the Internal Revenue Code subject to the annual reporting requirements of ERISA and IRA trustees or custodians in preparation of reports relating to an investment in the shares, we intend to provide reports of the per share estimated value of our common stock to those fiduciaries who request such reports. In addition, in order for FINRA members and their associated persons to participate in the offering and sale of our shares of common stock, we are required pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(m) to disclose in each annual report distributed to investors a per share estimated value of the shares, the method by which is was developed and the date of the data used to develop the estimated value. For these purposes, the deemed value of our common stock is $10.00 per share as of December 31, 2012 . However, as set forth above, there is no public trading market for the shares at this time and stockholders may not receive $10.00 per share if a market did exist. In the event that our shares are not listed on a national securities exchange prior to October 27, 2013 (which is 18 months following the completion of our Follow-On Offering), our board of directors intends to establish an estimated value of our shares, which may be based in part on an independent valuation of our properties or of our enterprise as a whole. In such event, prior to the board';s determination of an estimated share value, we intend to use the offering price of shares in the most recent offering as the per share estimated value. Share Redemption Program Our board of directors has adopted a share redemption program that enables our stockholders to sell their shares to us in limited circumstances. Our share redemption program permits stockholders to sell their shares back to us after they have held them for at least one year, subject to the significant conditions and limitations described below. Although we are seeking to amend our charter and list our shares of common stock on the NYSE, our common stock is currently not listed on any national securities exchange. In the event we are able to list our shares on the NYSE, or another national securities exchange, our share redemption program will be terminated. In order to provide stockholders with the benefit of interim liquidity, stockholders who have held their shares for at least one year may present all or a portion consisting of at least the lesser of (1) 25% of the holder';s shares; or (2) a number of shares with an aggregate redemption price of at least $2,500 in accordance with the procedures outlined below. At that time, we may, subject to the conditions and limitations described below, redeem the shares presented for redemption for cash to the extent that we have sufficient funds available to fund such redemption. We will not pay to Cole Capital, our board of directors or our advisor or its affiliates any fees to complete any transactions under our share redemption program. Until such time as our shares are listed on a national securities exchange or, if our shares are not listed, until our board of directors determines a reasonable estimate of the value of our shares, the redemption price per share (other than for shares purchased pursuant to our DRIP) will depend on the price paid for the shares and the length of time the stockholders have held such shares as follows: after one year from the purchase date, 95% of the amount paid for each share; after two years from the purchase date, 97.5% of the amount paid for each share; and after three years from the purchase date, 100% of the amount paid for each share. During this time period, the redemption price for shares purchased pursuant to our DRIP will be the amount paid for such shares. (In each case, the redemption price will be adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to our common stock). Accordingly, the redemption price will reflect a stockholder';s reduced purchase price if selling commissions were discounted or waived and/or a dealer manager fee was waived. At any time we are engaged in an offering of shares, the per share price for shares purchased under our redemption program will always be equal to or lower than the applicable per share offering price. 45 Table of Contents In the event that our shares are not ultimately listed on the NYSE or any other national securities exchange, and after such time as our board of directors has determined a reasonable estimated value of our shares, the per share redemption price (other than for shares purchased pursuant to our DRIP) will depend on the length of time the stockholders have held such shares as follows: after one year from the purchase date, 95% of the Estimated Share Value (defined below); after two years from the purchase date, 97.5% of the Estimated Share Value; and after three years from the purchase date, 100% of the Estimated Share Value. During this time period, the redemption price for shares purchased pursuant to our DRIP will be 100% of the Estimated Share Value. (In each case, the redemption price will be adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to our common stock.) For purposes of establishing the redemption price per share, ";Estimated Share Value"; shall mean the most recently disclosed reasonable estimated value of our shares of common stock as determined by our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors. In determining the redemption price, we consider shares to have been redeemed from a stockholder';s account on a first in, first out basis. Our board of directors will announce any redemption price adjustment and the time period of its effectiveness as a part of its regular communications with our stockholders. If we have sold property and have made one or more special distributions to our stockholders of all or a portion of the net proceeds from such sales subsequent to the establishment of the Estimated Share Value, the per share redemption price will be reduced by the net sale proceeds per share distributed to investors prior to the redemption date. Our board of directors will, in its sole discretion, determine which distributions, if any, constitute a special distribution. While our board of directors does not have specific criteria for determining a special distribution, we expect that a special distribution will only occur upon the sale of a property and the subsequent distribution of the net sale proceeds. In no event will the Estimated Share Value established for purposes of our share redemption program exceed the then-current estimated share value established for purposes of our DRIP. We may waive the one-year holding period requirement upon request due to a stockholder';s death or bankruptcy or other exigent circumstances as determined by our advisor. In the event of the death of a stockholder, we must receive notice from the stockholder';s estate within 270 days after the stockholder';s death. In addition, in the event that a stockholder redeems all of their shares, any shares that were purchased pursuant to our DRIP will be excluded from the one-year holding requirement. Also, for purposes of the one-year-holding period, limited partners of CCPT III OP who exchanged their limited partnership units for shares of our common stock will be deemed to have owned their shares as of the date the CCPT III OP units were issued. Shares redeemed in connection with a stockholder';s death, during the term of our offering and until such time as our board of directors determines a reasonable estimated value of our shares, will be redeemed at a purchase price equal to 100% of the amount actually paid for the shares. Shares redeemed in connection with a stockholder';s death, after such time as our board of directors has determined a reasonable estimated value of our shares, will be redeemed at a purchase price per share equal to 100% of the Estimated Share Value. Shares redeemed in connection with a stockholder';s bankruptcy or other exigent circumstance within one year from the purchase date will be redeemed at a price per share equal to the price per share we would pay had the stockholder held the shares for one year from the purchase date. We limit the number of shares redeemed pursuant to our share redemption program as follows: (1) we will not redeem in excess of 5% of the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the trailing twelve months prior to the end of the fiscal quarter for which the redemptions are being paid; and (2) funding for the redemption of shares will be limited to the net proceeds we receive from the sale of shares under our DRIP. In an effort to accommodate redemption requests throughout the calendar year, we intend to limit quarterly redemptions to approximately one-fourth of 5% (1.25%) of the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the trailing twelve month period ending on last day of the fiscal quarter, and funding for redemptions for each quarter generally will be limited to the net proceeds we receive from the sale of shares in the respective quarter under our DRIP; however, our management may waive these quarterly limitations in its sole discretion. Any of the foregoing limits might prevent us from accommodating all redemption requests made in any quarter, in which case quarterly redemptions will be made pro rata, except as described below. Our management also reserves the right in its sole discretion at any time, and from time to time, to reject any request for redemption for any reason. Our program provides that we will redeem our shares no later than the end of the month following the end of each fiscal quarter. Requests for redemption must be received on or prior to the end of the fiscal quarter in order for us to repurchase the shares in the month following the end of that fiscal quarter. A stockholder may withdraw a request to have shares redeemed, but all such requests generally must be submitted prior to the last business day of the applicable fiscal quarter. Any redemption capacity that is not used as a result of the withdrawal or rejection of redemption requests may be used to satisfy the redemption requests of other stockholders received for that fiscal quarter, and such redemption payments may be made at a later time than when that quarter';s redemption payments are made. 46 Table of Contents We will determine whether we have sufficient funds and/or shares available as soon as practicable after the end of each fiscal quarter, but in any event prior to the applicable payment date. If we cannot purchase all shares presented for redemption in any fiscal quarter, based upon insufficient cash available and/or the limit on the number of shares we may redeem during any quarter or year, we will give priority to the redemption of deceased stockholders'; shares. While deceased stockholders'; shares will be included in calculating the maximum number of shares that may be redeemed in any annual or quarterly period, they will not be subject to the annual or quarterly percentage caps; therefore, if the volume of requests to redeem deceased stockholders'; shares in a particular quarter were large enough to cause the annual or quarterly percentage caps to be exceeded, even if no other redemption requests were processed, the redemptions of deceased stockholders'; shares would be completed in full, assuming sufficient proceeds from the sale of shares under our DRIP were available. If sufficient proceeds from the sale of shares under our DRIP were not available to pay all such redemptions in full, the requests to redeem deceased stockholders'; shares would be honored on a pro rata basis. We next will give priority to requests for full redemption of accounts with a balance of 250 shares or less at the time we receive the request, in order to reduce the expense of maintaining small accounts. Thereafter, we will honor the remaining redemption requests on a pro rata basis. Following such quarterly redemption period, the investor may resubmit the unsatisfied portion of the prior request for redemption, a new request for redemption of such shares must be submitted prior to the last day of the new quarter. Unfulfilled requests for redemption will not be carried over automatically to subsequent redemption periods. Our board of directors may choose to amend, suspend or terminate our share redemption program at any time upon 30 days'; notice to our stockholders. Additionally, we will be required to discontinue sales of shares under our DRIP on the date we sell all of the shares registered for sale under our DRIP, unless we file a new registration statement with the SEC and applicable states. Because the redemption of shares will be funded with the net proceeds we receive from the sale of shares under our DRIP, the discontinuance or termination of our DRIP will adversely affect our ability to redeem shares under the share redemption program. We will notify our stockholders of such developments (1) in our next annual or quarterly report or (2) by means of a separate mailing, accompanied by disclosure in a current or periodic report under the Exchange Act. Our share redemption program is only intended to provide interim liquidity for stockholders until we list our shares on the NYSE or another liquidity event occurs, such as the sale of our company or a liquidation of our portfolio. In the event our shares are listed on the NYSE, our share redemption program will be terminated; however, we cannot guarantee that a liquidity event will occur in connection with the Merger Agreement or otherwise. The shares we redeem under our share redemption program will be canceled and will return to the status of authorized but unissued shares. We do not intend to resell such shares to the public unless they are first registered with the SEC under the Securities Act and under appropriate state securities laws or otherwise sold in compliance with such laws. During the year ended December 31, 2012 , we received valid redemption requests relating to approximately 7.0 million &#32;shares, which we redeemed in full for $68.6 million &#32;(an average of $9.80 &#32;per share) under our share redemption program. A valid redemption request is one that complies with the applicable requirements and guidelines of our current share redemption program set forth above. During the year ended December 31, 2011 , we redeemed approximately 4.3 million &#32;shares under our share redemption program, at an average redemption price of $9.69 &#32;per share for an aggregate redemption price of $41.9 million . During the years ended December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , we issued approximately 17.8 million &#32;and approximately 11.6 million &#32;shares of common stock under our DRIP, respectively, for proceeds of $169.1 million &#32;and $110.1 million , respectively, which was recorded as redeemable common stock on the consolidated balance sheets, net of redeemed shares. During the three-month period ended December 31, 2012 , we redeemed shares as follows: Total Number of Shares Maximum Number of Total Number Purchased as Part Shares that May Yet Be of Shares Average Price of Publicly Announced Purchased Under the Redeemed Paid per Share Plans or Programs Plans or Programs October 2012 12,306 $ 9.06 12,306 (1 ) November 2012 2,273,264 $ 9.84 2,273,264 (1 ) December 2012 -- $ -- -- (1 ) Total 2,285,570 2,285,570 (1 ) ________________ (1) A description of the maximum number of shares that may be purchased under our redemption program is included in the narrative preceding this table. 47 Table of Contents Distributions We elected to be taxed and qualified, and have continued to qualify, as a REIT for federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2009. As a REIT, we have made, and intend to continue to make, distributions each taxable year equal to at least 90% of our taxable income (computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains). One of our primary goals is to pay regular (monthly) distributions to our stockholders. For federal income tax purposes, distributions to common stockholders are characterized as ordinary dividends, capital gain distributions, or nontaxable distributions. To the extent that we make a distribution in excess of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, the distribution will be a nontaxable return of capital, reducing the tax basis in each U.S. stockholder';s shares. In addition, the amount of distributions in excess of a U.S. stockholder';s tax basis in such shares will be taxable as a gain realized from the sale of those shares. The following table shows the character of the distributions we paid on a per share basis during the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 &#32;(in thousands, except per share data): Total Distributions Paid Nontaxable Ordinary Capital Gain Distributions Paid per Common Share Distributions Dividends Distributions 2012 $ 295,652 $ 0.64 $ 0.21 $ 0.33 $ 0.10 2011 $ 194,877 $ 0.63 $ 0.24 $ 0.39 $ -- 2010 $ 112,613 $ 0.64 $ 0.29 $ 0.35 $ -- Use of Public Offering Proceeds On October 1, 2008, our Registration Statement on Form S-11 (SEC Registration No. 333-149290), covering a public offering of up to 230.0 million shares of common stock to be offered at a price of $10.00 per share, subject to reduction in certain circumstances, was declared effective under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement also covered up to 20.0 million shares of common stock available pursuant to our DRIP. On September 22, 2010, our Registration Statement on Form S-11 (SEC Registration No. 333-164884) for the Follow-on Offering of up to 275.0 million shares of our common stock was declared effective by the SEC. The Company commenced sales of its common stock pursuant to the Follow-on Offering following the termination of the Initial Offering on October 1, 2010. The remaining approximately 32.5 million unsold shares in the Initial Offering have been deregistered. On April 27, 2012, the Company terminated the Follow-on Offering. At the completion of the Follow-on Offering, a total of approximately 262.2 million shares of common stock had been issued, including approximately 242.9 million shares issued in the primary offering and approximately 19.3 million shares issued pursuant to our DRIP. The remaining approximately 12.8 million unsold shares in the Follow-on Offering have been deregistered. In addition, On March 14, 2012, we registered 75.0 million shares of common stock under our DRIP pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form-S-3. As of December 31, 2012 , we had issued approximately 492.1 million &#32;shares in the Offerings for gross proceeds of $4.9 billion , out of which we paid $401.1 million &#32;in selling commissions and dealer manager fees and $62.1 million &#32;in organization and offering costs to our advisor or its affiliates. The net offering proceeds were used to acquire $7.1 billion &#32;in real estate and related assets and pay $201.6 million &#32;in acquisition related expenses, including costs of $163.9 million &#32;in acquisition fees and expense reimbursements to our advisor or its affiliates. As of March 26, 2013 , we have sold approximately 496.7 million &#32;shares in the Offerings for gross offering proceeds of $4.9 billion . 48 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The following data should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto and Item 7. ";Management';s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations"; appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The selected financial data (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) presented below was derived from our consolidated financial statements. For the Period from January 22, 2008 (Date of Inception) to Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 Balance Sheet Data: Total investment in real estate and related assets, net $ 7,078,513 $ 5,324,434 $ 3,035,498 $ 701,844 $ -- Cash and cash equivalents $ 192,504 $ 216,353 $ 109,942 $ 278,717 $ 172 Restricted cash $ 18,444 $ 17,540 $ 12,123 $ 1,191 $ 2,849 Total assets $ 7,453,725 $ 5,697,568 $ 3,243,658 $ 1,005,895 $ 3,033 Notes payable and other borrowings $ 3,292,048 $ 2,373,984 $ 1,061,207 $ 129,302 $ -- Due to affiliates $ 4,525 $ 4,847 $ 804 $ 743 $ -- Acquired below market lease intangibles, net $ 113,607 $ 93,050 $ 66,509 $ 19,701 $ -- Total liabilities $ 3,536,315 $ 2,579,204 $ 1,180,608 $ 162,050 $ 2,943 Redeemable common stock $ 234,578 $ 134,101 $ 65,898 $ 12,382 $ -- Stockholders'; equity $ 3,679,025 $ 2,982,988 $ 1,996,781 $ 831,463 $ 99 Operating Data: Total revenue $ 542,942 $ 323,980 $ 118,238 $ 18,721 $ -- General and administrative expenses $ 14,915 $ 10,155 $ 5,905 $ 2,141 $ -- Property operating expenses $ 49,278 $ 24,045 $ 6,916 $ 582 $ 105 Property and asset management expenses $ 46,364 $ 27,225 $ 10,378 $ 1,672 $ -- Acquisition related expenses $ 63,892 $ 59,433 $ 50,096 $ 15,873 $ -- Depreciation and amortization $ 159,609 $ 94,255 $ 32,467 $ 4,527 $ -- Operating income (loss) $ 208,884 $ 108,867 $ 12,476 $ (6,074 ) $ (105 ) Interest expense $ 140,113 $ 78,968 $ 22,969 $ 2,352 $ -- Income (loss) from continuing operations $ 87,855 $ 31,718 $ (9,422 ) $ (7,926 ) $ (101 ) Net income (loss) attributable to the Company $ 203,338 $ 45,296 $ (6,293 ) $ (7,821 ) $ (101 ) Modified funds from operations (1) $ 331,016 $ 212,853 $ 93,420 $ 16,217 $ -- Cash Flow Data: Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities $ 242,464 $ 145,681 $ 35,792 $ 75 $ (28 ) Net cash used in investing activities $ (1,708,688 ) $ (2,350,677 ) $ (2,340,776 ) $ (702,105 ) $ (2,849 ) Net cash provided by financing activities $ 1,442,375 $ 2,311,407 $ 2,136,209 $ 980,575 $ 3,049 Per Share Data: Income (loss) from continuing operations per common share - basic and diluted $ 0.19 $ 0.10 $ (0.05 ) $ (0.20 ) $ (5.06 ) Net income (loss) attributable to the Company - basic and diluted $ 0.44 $ 0.15 $ (0.04 ) $ (0.20 ) $ (5.06 ) Distributions declared $ 0.65 $ 0.65 $ 0.70 $ 0.68 $ -- Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 463,216,187 309,363,838 174,764,966 40,060,709 20,000 ________________ (1) See Item 7. ";Management';s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Funds from Operations and Modified Funds from Operations"; for information regarding why we present modified funds from operations and for a reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure to net income (loss). As we commenced our principal operations on January 6, 2009, this non-GAAP financial measure is not applicable for the period from January 22, 2008 to December 31, 2008. 49 Table of Contents ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT';S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the ";Selected Financial Data"; section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our accompanying consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. See also ";Cautionary Note Regarding Forward--Looking Statements"; preceding Part I. Overview We were formed on January 22, 2008 to acquire and operate a diverse portfolio of core commercial real estate investments primarily consisting of necessity retail properties located throughout the United States, including U.S. protectorates. We commenced our principal operations on January 6, 2009. Prior to such date, we were considered a development stage company. We acquired our first real estate property on January 6, 2009. We have no paid employees and are externally advised and managed by our advisor. We elected to be taxed, and currently qualify, as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. We completed our Follow-on Offering on April 27, 2012 and will continue to issue shares of common stock under the DRIP Offering until such time as our shares are listed on a national securities exchange or the DRIP Offering is otherwise terminated by our board of directors. We expect that property acquisitions in 2013 and future periods, if any, will be funded by proceeds from the strategic sale of properties and other investments, financing of the acquired properties, proceeds from our DRIP Offering and cash flows from operations. We expect property acquisitions in future periods to be less than acquisitions in 2012. Our operating results and cash flows are primarily influenced by rental income from our commercial properties, interest expense on our property acquisition indebtedness and acquisition and operating expenses. Rental and other property income accounted for 87% , 91% &#32;and 92% &#32;of total revenue during the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 &#32;respectively. As 99% &#32;of our rentable square feet was under lease as of December 31, 2012 , with a weighted average remaining lease term of 12.7 &#32;years, we believe our exposure to changes in commercial rental rates on our portfolio is substantially mitigated, except for vacancies caused by tenant bankruptcies or other factors. Our advisor regularly monitors the creditworthiness of our tenants by reviewing the tenant';s financial results, credit rating agency reports (if any) on the tenant or guarantor, the operating history of the property with such tenant, the tenant';s market share and track record within its industry segment, the general health and outlook of the tenant';s industry segment, and other information for changes and possible trends. If our advisor identifies significant changes or trends that may adversely affect the creditworthiness of a tenant, it will gather a more in-depth knowledge of the tenant';s financial condition and, if necessary, attempt to mitigate the tenant credit risk by evaluating the possible sale of the property, or identifying a possible replacement tenant should the current tenant fail to perform on the lease. As of December 31, 2012 , the debt leverage ratio of our consolidated real estate assets, which is the ratio of debt to total gross real estate and related assets net of gross intangible lease liabilities, was 45% . As we acquire additional commercial real estate, we will be subject to changes in real estate prices and changes in interest rates on any new indebtedness used to acquire the properties. We may manage our risk of changes in real estate prices on future property acquisitions by entering into purchase agreements and loan commitments simultaneously, or through loan assumption, so that our operating yield is determinable at the time we enter into a purchase agreement, by contracting with developers for future delivery of properties, or by entering into sale-leaseback transactions. We manage our interest rate risk by monitoring the interest rate environment in connection with future property acquisitions or upcoming debt maturities to determine the appropriate financing or refinancing terms, which may include fixed rate loans, variable rate loans or interest rate hedges. If we are unable to acquire suitable properties or obtain suitable financing terms for future acquisitions or refinancing, our results of operations may be adversely affected. Recent Market Conditions Beginning in late 2007, domestic and international financial markets experienced significant disruptions that were brought about in large part by challenges in the world-wide banking system. These disruptions severely impacted the availability of credit and contributed to rising costs associated with obtaining credit. Since 2010, the volume of mortgage lending for commercial real estate has been increasing and lending terms have improved and they continue to improve; however, such lending activity continues to be significantly less than previous levels. Although lending market conditions have improved, certain factors continue to negatively affect the lending environment, including the sovereign credit issues of certain countries in the European Union. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, more stringent lending criteria, which may affect our ability to finance certain property acquisitions or refinance our debt at maturity. Additionally, for properties for which we are able to obtain financing, the interest rates and other terms on such loans may be unacceptable. We have managed, and expect to continue to manage, the current mortgage lending environment by considering alternative lending sources, including 50 Table of Contents the securitization of debt, utilizing fixed rate loans, borrowing on our existing Credit Facility, short-term variable rate loans, assuming existing mortgage loans in connection with property acquisitions, or entering into interest rate lock or swap agreements, or any combination of the foregoing. The economic downturn led to high unemployment rates and a decline in consumer spending. These economic trends have adversely impacted the retail and real estate markets by causing higher tenant vacancies, declining rental rates and declining property values. In 2011 and 2012, the economy improved and continues to show signs of recovery. Additionally, the real estate markets have experienced an improvement in property values, occupancy and rental rates; however, in many markets property values, occupancy and rental rates continue to be below those previously experienced before the economic downturn. As of December 31, 2012 , 99% &#32;of our rentable square feet was under lease. However, if the recent improvements in economic conditions do not continue, we may experience significant vacancies or be required to reduce rental rates on occupied space. If we do experience significant vacancies, our advisor will actively seek to lease our vacant space; however, such space may be leased at lower rental rates and for shorter lease terms than previously experienced. In addition, as many retailers and other tenants have been delaying or eliminating their store expansion plans, the amount of time required to re-lease a property may increase as a result. Application of Critical Accounting Policies Our accounting policies have been established to conform with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. If management';s judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied, thus resulting in a different presentation of the financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. The critical accounting policies outlined below have been discussed with members of the audit committee of the board of directors. Investment in and Valuation of Real Estate Assets Real estate assets are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Amounts capitalized to real estate assets consist of the cost of acquisition, excluding acquisition related expenses, construction and any tenant improvements, major improvements and betterments that extend the useful life of the real estate assets and leasing costs. All repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. We are required to make subjective assessments as to the useful lives of our depreciable assets. We consider the period of future benefit of each respective asset to determine the appropriate useful life of the assets. Real estate assets, other than land, are depreciated or amortized on a straight-line basis. The estimated useful lives of our real estate assets by class are generally as follows: Buildings 40 years Tenant improvements Lesser of useful life or lease term Intangible lease assets Lease term We continually monitor events and changes in circumstances that could indicate that the carrying amounts of our real estate assets may not be recoverable. Impairment indicators that we consider include, but are not limited to, bankruptcy or other credit concerns of a property';s major tenant, such as a history of late payments, rental concessions and other factors, a significant decrease in a property';s revenues due to lease terminations, vacancies, co-tenancy clauses, reduced lease rates or other circumstances. When indicators of potential impairment are present, we assess the recoverability of the assets by determining whether the carrying amount of the assets will be recovered through the undiscounted future cash flows expected from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. In the event that such expected undiscounted future cash flows do not exceed the carrying amount, we will adjust the real estate assets to their respective fair values and recognize an impairment loss. Generally, fair value is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis and recent comparable sales transactions. 51 Table of Contents When developing estimates of expected future cash flows, we make certain assumptions regarding future market rental income amounts subsequent to the expiration of current lease agreements, property operating expenses, terminal capitalization and discount rates, the expected number of months it takes to re-lease the property, required tenant improvements and the number of years the property will be held for investment. The use of alternative assumptions in estimating expected future cash flows could result in a different determination of the property';s expected future cash flows and a different conclusion regarding the existence of an impairment, the extent of such loss, if any, as well as the fair value of our real estate assets. When a real estate asset is identified by us as held for sale, we cease depreciation and amortization of the assets related to the property and estimate the fair value, net of selling costs. If, in our opinion, the fair value, net of selling costs, of the asset is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an adjustment to the carrying amount would be recorded to reflect the estimated fair value of the property, net of selling costs. Allocation of Purchase Price of Real Estate Assets Upon the acquisition of real properties, we allocate the purchase price to acquired tangible assets, consisting of land, buildings and improvements, and identified intangible assets and liabilities, consisting of the value of above market and below market leases and the value of in-place leases, based in each case on their respective fair values. Acquisition related expenses are expensed as incurred. We utilize independent appraisals to assist in the determination of the fair values of the tangible assets of an acquired property (which includes land and building). We obtain an independent appraisal for each real property acquisition. The information in the appraisal, along with any additional information available to us, is used in estimating the amount of the purchase price that is allocated to land. Other information in the appraisal, such as building value and market rents, may be used by us in estimating the allocation of purchase price to the building and to intangible lease assets and liabilities. The appraisal firm has no involvement in management';s allocation decisions other than providing this market information. The fair values of above market and below market lease intangibles are recorded based on the present value (using a discount rate which reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) of the difference between (1) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the in-place leases and (2) an estimate of fair market lease rates for the corresponding in-place leases, which is generally obtained from independent appraisals, measured over a period equal to the remaining non-cancelable term of the lease including any bargain renewal periods, with respect to a below market lease. The above market and below market lease intangibles are capitalized as intangible lease assets or liabilities, respectively. Above market leases are amortized as a reduction to rental income over the remaining terms of the respective leases. Below market leases are amortized as an increase to rental income over the remaining terms of the respective leases, including any bargain renewal periods. In considering whether or not we expect a tenant to execute a bargain renewal option, we evaluate economic factors and certain qualitative factors at the time of acquisition, such as the financial strength of the tenant, remaining lease term, the tenant mix of the leased property, our relationship with the tenant and the availability of competing tenant space. If a lease were to be terminated prior to its stated expiration, all unamortized amounts of above market or below market lease intangibles relating to that lease would be recorded as an adjustment to rental income. The fair values of in-place leases include estimates of direct costs associated with obtaining a new tenant, and opportunity costs associated with lost rental and other property income, which are avoided by acquiring a property with an in-place lease. Direct costs associated with obtaining a new tenant include commissions and other direct costs and are estimated, in part, by utilizing information obtained from independent appraisals and management';s consideration of current market costs to execute a similar lease. The intangible values of opportunity costs, which are calculated using the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the in-place leases over a market absorption period for a similar lease, are capitalized as intangible lease assets and are amortized to expense over the remaining term of the respective leases. If a lease were to be terminated prior to its stated expiration, all unamortized amounts of in-place lease assets relating to that lease would be expensed. We estimate the fair value of assumed mortgage notes payable based upon indications of current market pricing for similar types of debt financing with similar maturities. Assumed mortgage notes payable are initially recorded at their estimated fair value as of the assumption date, and the difference between such estimated fair value and the mortgage note';s outstanding principal balance is amortized to interest expense over the term of the respective mortgage note payable. The determination of the fair values of the real estate assets and liabilities acquired requires the use of significant assumptions with regard to the current market rental rates, rental growth rates, capitalization and discount rates, interest rates and other variables. The use of alternative estimates may result in a different allocation of our purchase price, which could impact our results of operations. 52 Table of Contents Discontinued Operations Upon the disposal of a real estate asset or the determination of a real estate asset as being held for sale, we determine if the asset disposed of is considered a component of our company. A component is comprised of operations and cash flows that can clearly be distinguished, operationally and for financial reporting purposes, from the rest of our company. If the asset is considered one of our components, the results of operations and gains or losses on the sale of the component are required to be presented in discontinued operations if both of the following criteria are met: (1) the operations and cash flows of the asset have been (or will be) eliminated from the ongoing operations as a result of the disposal transaction and (2) we will not have any significant continuing involvement in the operations of the asset after the disposal transaction. Also, the prior period results of operations for the asset are reclassified and presented in discontinued operations in the prior consolidated statements of operations. Determining whether or not a property qualifies for classification as held for sale under GAAP can involve significant judgment by management. Upon the disposal of a real estate asset or the determination of a real estate asset as being held for sale, we determine if the property is considered a component of our company. A component is comprised of operations and cash flows that can clearly be distinguished, operationally and for financial reporting purposes, from the rest of our company. If the asset is considered one of our components, the results of operations and gains or losses on the sale of the component are required to be presented as discontinued operations if both of the following criteria are met: (1) the operations and cash flows of the property have been (or will be) eliminated from our ongoing operations as a result of the disposal transaction and (2) we will not have any significant continuing involvement in the operations of the asset after the disposal transaction. Also, the prior period results of operations for the asset are reclassified and presented as discontinued operations in the prior consolidated statements of operations. Sale of Real Estate Assets Gains on the sale of real estate assets are generally recognized by the full accrual method when the following criteria are met: (1) the gain is determinable, that is, the collectability of the sales price is reasonably assured or the amount that will not be collectible can be estimated, and (2) the earnings process is virtually complete, that is, we are not obligated to perform significant activities after the sale to earn the gain. Determining whether a real estate transaction qualifies as a sale and for gain recognition under GAAP can involve significant judgment by management. Revenue Recognition Certain properties have leases where minimum rental payments increase during the term of the lease. We record rental income for the full term of each lease on a straight-line basis. When we acquire a property, the terms of existing leases are considered to commence as of the acquisition date for the purpose of determining this calculation. We defer the recognition of contingent rental income, such as percentage rents, until the specific target that triggers the contingent rental income is achieved. Expected reimbursements from tenants for recoverable real estate taxes and operating expenses are included in tenant reimbursement income in the period when such costs are incurred. Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures as of December 31, 2012 &#32;consists of our interest in the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures. We account for the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures using the equity method of accounting as we have the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over operating and financial policies of these investments. The equity method of accounting requires the investment to be initially recorded at cost and subsequently adjusted for our share of equity in the joint venture';s earnings and distributions. We are required to determine whether an event or change in circumstances has occurred that may have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of our investment in the joint venture. If an event or change in circumstance has occurred, we are required to evaluate the joint venture for potential impairment and determine if the carrying amount of our investment exceeds its fair value. An impairment charge is recorded when an impairment is deemed to be other-than-temporary. To determine whether impairment is other-than-temporary, we consider whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until the carrying amount is fully recovered. The evaluation of an investment in a joint venture for potential impairment requires us to exercise significant judgment and to make certain assumptions. The use of different judgments and assumptions could result in different conclusions. 53 Table of Contents Investment in Notes Receivable Notes receivable consist of loans acquired by us, which are secured by real estate properties. Notes receivable are recorded at stated principal amounts net of any discount or premium and deferred loan origination costs or fees. The related discounts or premiums are accreted or amortized over the life of the related note receivable. We defer certain loan origination and commitment fees and amortize them as an adjustment of yield over the term of the related note receivable. The related accretion of discounts and/or amortization of premiums and origination costs are recorded in interest income on notes receivable. We evaluate the collectability of both interest and principal on each note receivable to determine whether it is collectible, primarily through the evaluation of credit quality indicators such as underlying collateral and payment history. A note receivable is considered to be impaired, when based upon current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the existing contractual terms. If a note receivable is considered to be impaired, the amount of loss is calculated by comparing the recorded investment to the value determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at the note receivable';s effective interest rate or to the value of the underlying collateral if the note receivable is collateral dependent. Interest income on performing notes receivable is accrued as earned. Interest income on impaired notes receivable is recognized on a cash basis. Evaluating notes receivable for potential impairment can require our management to exercise significant judgments. Investment in Marketable Securities Investments in marketable securities consist of investments in CMBS, including those pledged as collateral. We classify our investments as available-for-sale as we intend to hold our investments until maturity, however we may sell them prior to their maturity. These investments are carried at estimated fair value, with unrealized gains and losses reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). We use estimated non-binding quoted market prices from the trading desks of financial institutions that are dealers in such securities, where available, for similar CMBS tranches that actively participate in the CMBS market and industry benchmarks, such as Trepp';s CMBS Analytics, where applicable. Market conditions, such as interest rates, liquidity, trading activity and credit spreads may cause significant variability to the received quotes. If we are unable to obtain quotes or believe the quotes received are inaccurate, we would estimate fair value using internal models that primarily consider the Trepp';s CMBS Analytics, expected cash flows, known and expected defaults and rating agency reports. Changes in market conditions could result in a significant increase or decrease in the recorded amount of the securities. Significant judgment is involved in valuations and different judgments and assumptions used in our valuation could result in alternative valuations. If there are significant disruptions to the financial markets, our estimates of fair value may have significant volatility. Upon the sale of a security, the realized net gain or loss is computed on a specific identification basis. We monitor our available-for-sale securities for impairments. A loss is recognized when we determine that a decline in the estimated fair value of a security below its amortized cost is other-than-temporary. We consider many factors in determining whether the impairment of a security is deemed to be other-than-temporary, including, but not limited to, the length of time the security has had a decline in estimated fair value below its amortized cost, the amount of the unrealized loss, the intent and ability of us to hold the security for a period of time sufficient for a recovery in value, recent events specific to the issuer or industry, external credit ratings and recent changes in such ratings. The analysis of determining whether the impairment of a security is deemed to be other-than-temporary requires significant judgments and assumptions. The use of alternative judgments and assumptions could result in a different conclusion. Accretion of discounts on the CMBS is recognized based on the effective yield method and is recorded in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations in interest income on marketable securities. The effective yield on these CMBS is based on the projected cash flows from each security, which are estimated based on our observation of current information and events and include assumptions related to interest rates, prepayment rates and the timing and amount of credit losses. We review and, if appropriate, make adjustments to our cash flow projections based on input and analysis received from external sources, internal models, and our judgment about interest rates, prepayment rates, the timing and amount of credit losses, and other factors. Changes in cash flows from those originally projected, or from those estimated at the last evaluation, may result in a prospective change in the yield/interest income recognized on such securities. Actual maturities of the securities are affected by the contractual lives of the associated mortgage collateral, periodic payments of principal, and prepayments of principal. Therefore actual maturities of the securities may be shorter than stated contractual maturities. 54 Table of Contents Income Taxes We qualified and elected to be taxed as a REIT for federal income tax purposes under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code. We generally are not subject to federal corporate income tax to the extent we distribute our taxable income to our stockholders, and so long as we, among other things, distribute at least 90% &#32;of our annual taxable income (computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains). REITs are subject to a number of other organizational and operational requirements. Even if we maintain our qualification for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income and property, and federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed income. Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities We account for our derivative instruments, including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts, at fair value. Accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on the intended use of the derivative instrument and the designation of the derivative instrument. The change in fair value of the effective portion of the derivative instrument that is designated as a hedge is recorded as other comprehensive income (loss). The changes in fair value for derivative instruments that are not designated as a hedge or that do not meet the hedge accounting criteria are recorded as a gain or loss to operations. Considerable judgment is necessary to develop estimated fair values of financial assets and liabilities, and the determination of hedge effectiveness can involve significant estimates. If we incorrectly estimate the fair value of derivatives and hedge effectiveness, our net income could be impacted. Results of Operations Our results of operations are influenced by the timing of acquisitions and the operating performance of our real estate investments. The following table shows the property statistics of our real estate assets, including the Consolidated Joint Ventures, as of December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 : Year Ended December 31, 2012 2011 2010 Number of commercial properties (1) 1,014 693 449 Approximate rentable square feet (2) 43.1 million 32.3 million 17.7 million Percentage of rentable square feet leased 99 % 99 % 99 % ________________ (1) Excludes properties owned through the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures. (2) Including square feet of the buildings on land that are subject to ground leases. The following table summarizes our real estate investment activity, including the Consolidated Joint Ventures, during the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 : Year Ended December 31, 2012 2011 2010 Commercial properties acquired (1) 349 244 316 Approximate purchase price of acquired properties $ 2.0 billion $ 2.2 billion $ 2.3 billion Approximate rentable square feet (2) 12.2 million 14.4 million 13.0 million ________________ (1) Excludes properties owned through the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures. (2) Including square feet of the buildings on land that are subject to ground leases. As shown in the tables above, we and our Consolidated Joint Ventures owned 1,014 &#32;commercial properties as of December 31, 2012 , compared to 693 &#32;commercial properties as of December 31, 2011 . Accordingly, our results of operations for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , as compared to the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , reflect significant increases in most categories. 55 Table of Contents Year Ended &#32; December 31, 2012 &#32;Compared to Year Ended &#32; December 31, 2011 &#32; Revenue. &#32;Revenue increased &#32; $218.9 million , or 68% , to $542.9 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , compared to $324.0 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . Our revenue consisted primarily of rental and other property income from net leased commercial properties, which accounted for 87% &#32;and 91% &#32;of total revenues during the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , respectively. Rental and other property income increased &#32; $176.8 million , or 60% , to $471.3 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , compared to $294.5 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . The increase &#32;was primarily due to the acquisition of 349 &#32;rental income-producing properties subsequent to December 31, 2011 . We also pay certain operating expenses subject to reimbursement by our tenants, which resulted in $44.5 million &#32;of tenant reimbursement income during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , compared to $21.6 million &#32;during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . Interest income on notes receivable increased &#32; $1.1 million , or 20% , to $6.6 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , compared to $5.5 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . The increase was due to the interest income earned on the $25.0 million note acquired during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , as discussed in Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, we recorded interest income on marketable securities of $20.5 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , compared to $2.4 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . The increase is due to the acquisition of 24 &#32;additional marketable securities subsequent to December 31, 2011 . General and Administrative Expenses. &#32;General and administrative expenses increased &#32; $4.7 million , or 46% , to $14.9 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , compared to $10.2 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . The increase &#32;was primarily due to increased trustee fees as a result of an increase in the number of stockholders of record and an increase in insurance and operating expense reimbursements as a result of the acquisition of 349 &#32;rental income-producing properties subsequent to December 31, 2011 . The primary general and administrative expense items are trustee fees, operating expense reimbursements to our advisor, state franchise and income taxes and accounting, legal and professional fees. Property Operating Expenses. &#32;Property operating expenses increased &#32; $25.3 million , or 105% , to $49.3 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , compared to $24.0 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . The increase &#32;was primarily due to increased property taxes, repairs and maintenance and property related insurance expenses relating to the acquisition of 349 &#32;rental income-producing properties subsequent to December 31, 2011 . In addition, the increase was due to the ownership of more properties during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 &#32;than in the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , for which we initially pay certain operating expenses and are reimbursed by the tenant in accordance with the respective lease agreements. The primary property operating expense items are property taxes, repairs and maintenance and property related insurance. Property and Asset Management Expenses. &#32;Pursuant to the advisory agreement with our advisor, we are required to pay to our advisor a monthly asset management fee equal to one-twelfth of 0.50% of the average invested assets. Additionally, we may be required to reimburse expenses incurred by our advisor in providing asset management services, subject to limitations as set forth in the advisory agreement. Pursuant to the property management agreement with our affiliated property manager, we are required to pay to our property manager a property management fee in an amount up to 2% of gross revenues from each of our single tenant properties and up to 4% of gross revenues from each of our multi-tenant properties. We may also be required to reimburse our property manager expenses it incurred relating to managing or leasing the properties, subject to limitations as set forth in the advisory agreement. Property and asset management expenses increased &#32; $19.2 million , or 71% , to $46.4 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , compared to $27.2 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . Property management fees increased &#32; $5.4 million , or 73% , to $12.8 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 &#32;from $7.4 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . The increase &#32;in property management fees was primarily due to an increase in cash receipts related to an increase in rental and other property income for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , from the 349 &#32;properties acquired subsequent to December 31, 2011 . Asset management fees increased &#32; $12.8 million , or 73% , to $30.4 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , from $17.6 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . The increase &#32;in asset management fees was primarily due to an increase in the average invested assets to $6.3 billion &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , from $4.2 billion &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . 56 Table of Contents In addition, during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , we recorded $3.2 million &#32;related to reimbursement of expenses incurred by our advisor in performing property and asset management services, compared to $2.2 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . The increase was primarily due to expenses incurred by our advisor related to management of 349 &#32;additional rental income-producing properties acquired subsequent to December 31, 2011 . Acquisition Related Expenses. &#32;Acquisition related expenses increased $4.5 million , or 8% , to $63.9 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , compared to $59.4 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . The increase was primarily due to expenses related to the Merger. We recorded $3.5 million &#32;of Merger related expenses for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , as discussed in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. No Merger related expenses were recorded during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . Pursuant to the advisory agreement with our advisor, we pay an acquisition fee to our advisor of 2% of the contract purchase price of each property or asset acquired. We also reimburse our advisor for acquisition expenses incurred in the process of acquiring property or in the origination or acquisition of a loan other than for personnel costs for which our advisor receives acquisition fees. Depreciation and Amortization Expenses. &#32;Depreciation and amortization expenses increased &#32; $65.3 million , or 69% , to $159.6 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , compared to $94.3 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . The increase was primarily due to an increase in the average invested assets to $6.3 billion &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , from $4.2 billion &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . Equity in Income of Unconsolidated Joint Ventures. &#32;Equity in income of Unconsolidated Joint Ventures increased &#32; $708,000 , or 48% , to $2.2 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , compared to $1.5 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . The increase &#32;is primarily due to the acquisition of five of the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures subsequent to December 31, 2011 . Other Income. &#32;Other income, which includes interest income on money market accounts, increased &#32; $4.1 million &#32;to $4.4 million &#32;during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , compared to $344,000 &#32;during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . The increase &#32;was primarily due to non-recurring net proceeds of $2.7 million received as a result of a seller terminating a purchase agreement. In addition, we received net proceeds of $664,000 as a result of the sale and condemnation of two land parcels during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 . Gain on Sale of Marketable Securities. &#32;&#32;During the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , we sold six CMBS and half of our investment in two CMBS for a for aggregate proceeds of $63.4 million &#32;and realized a gain on the sale of $12.5 million , of which $8.9 million &#32;had previously been recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). We did not sell any CMBS during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . Interest Expense. &#32;Interest expense increased &#32; $61.1 million , or 77% , to $140.1 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , compared to $79.0 million &#32;during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . The increase &#32;was due to an increase in the average aggregate amount of notes payable and other borrowings outstanding to $2.8 billion &#32;during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , from $1.7 billion &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . In addition, the increase was due to a $9.7 million loss, of which $9.3 million had been previously recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), on a terminated interest rate swap as it related to one of the properties sold during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 . See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on 10-K for further information. Income from Discontinued Operations. &#32;Income from discontinued operations was $7.1 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , compared to $14.1 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . The decrease was due to the sale of properties throughout 2012 , whereas a full year of operating results for these properties were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2011 . Gain on Sale of Real Estate Assets. During the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , we sold 28 &#32;properties for an aggregate gross sales price of $573.8 million &#32;and recorded a gain on the sale of $108.5 million . We did not sell any properties during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . Year Ended &#32; December 31, 2011 &#32;Compared to Year Ended &#32; December 31, 2010 &#32; Revenue. Revenue increased &#32; $205.8 million , or 174% , to $324.0 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , compared to $118.2 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2010 . Our revenue consisted primarily of rental and other property income from net leased commercial properties, which accounted for 91% &#32;and 92% &#32;of total revenues during the years ended &#32;&#32; December 31, 2011 &#32;and December 31, 2010 , respectively. 57 Table of Contents Rental and other property income increased &#32; $186.0 million , or 171% , to $294.5 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , compared to $108.5 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2010 . The increase &#32;was primarily due to the acquisition of 244 &#32;rental income-producing properties subsequent to December 31, 2010 . We also pay certain operating expenses subject to reimbursement by our tenants, which resulted in $21.6 million &#32;of tenant reimbursement income during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , compared to $6.1 million &#32;during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . Interest income on notes receivable increased &#32; $1.9 million , or 53% , to $5.5 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , compared to $3.6 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2010 , as we acquired two notes receivable on April 30, 2010. In addition, we recorded interest income on marketable securities of $2.4 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 &#32;due to the acquisition of 11 CMBS for $112.0 million. During the year ended December 31, 2010 &#32;we did not own any marketable securities. General and Administrative Expenses. &#32;&#32;General and administrative expenses increased &#32; $4.3 million , or 73% , to $10.2 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , compared to $5.9 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2010 . The increase &#32;was primarily due increased trustee fees as a result of an increase in the number of stockholders of record and an increase in operating expense reimbursements as a result of the acquisition of 244 &#32;rental income-producing properties subsequent to December 31, 2010 . The primary general and administrative expense items are operating expense reimbursements to our advisor, escrow and trustee fees, accounting, legal and professional fees, state franchise and income taxes and unused credit facility fees. Property Operating Expenses. Property operating expenses increased &#32; $17.1 million &#32;or 248% , to $24.0 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , compared to $6.9 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2010 . The increase &#32;was primarily due to increased property taxes, repairs and maintenance and insurance expenses relating to the acquisition of 244 &#32;rental income-producing properties subsequent to December 31, 2010 . The primary property operating expense items are property taxes, repairs and maintenance and property related insurance. Property and Asset Management Expenses. &#32;&#32;Pursuant to the advisory agreement with our advisor, we are required to pay to our advisor a monthly asset management fee equal to one-twelfth of 0.50% of the average invested assets. Additionally, we may be required to reimburse expenses incurred by our advisor in providing asset management services, subject to limitations as set forth in the advisory agreement. Pursuant to the property management agreement with our affiliated property manager, we are required to pay to our property manager a property management fee in an amount up to 2% of gross revenues from each of our single tenant properties and up to 4% of gross revenues from each of our multi-tenant properties. We may also be required to reimburse our property manager expenses it incurred relating to managing or leasing the properties, subject to limitations as set forth in the advisory agreement. &#32; Property and asset management expenses increased &#32; $16.8 million , or 162% , to $27.2 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , compared to $10.4 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2010 . Property management fees increased &#32; $4.9 million , or 196% , to $7.4 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 &#32;from $2.5 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2010 . The increase &#32;in property management fees was primarily due to an increase in cash receipts related to an increase in rental and other property income for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 &#32;from the 244 &#32;properties acquired subsequent to December 31, 2010 . Asset management fees increased &#32; $11.2 million , or 175% , to $17.6 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , from $6.4 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2010 . The increase &#32;in asset management fees was primarily due to an increase in the average invested assets to $4.2 billion &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , from $1.9 billion &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2010 . &#32;In addition, during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , we recorded $2.2 million &#32;related to reimbursement of expenses incurred by our advisor in performing property and asset management services, compared to $1.4 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2010 . The increase was primarily due to expenses incurred by our advisor related to management of 244 &#32;additional rental income-producing properties acquired subsequent to December 31, 2010 . Acquisition Related Expenses. &#32;&#32;Acquisition related expenses remained relatively constant, increasing $737,000, or 1%, to $59.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2011, compared to $58.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2010, as we acquired a comparable amount of real estate in each of the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. Of the total acquisition related expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2010, $8.6 million were incurred in the acquisition of certain properties sold during the year ended December 31, 2012 and are therefore presented in discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2010. Pursuant to the advisory agreement with our advisor, we pay an acquisition fee to our advisor of 2% of the contract purchase price of each property or asset acquired. We also reimburse our advisor for acquisition expenses incurred in the process of acquiring property or in the origination or acquisition of a loan, other than for personnel costs for which our advisor receives acquisition fees. 58 Table of Contents Depreciation and Amortization Expenses. &#32;Depreciation and amortization expenses increased &#32; $61.8 million , or 190% , to $94.3 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , compared to $32.5 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2010 . The increase &#32;was primarily due to an increase in the average invested assets to $4.2 billion &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , from $1.9 billion &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2010 . Equity in Income (Loss) of Unconsolidated Joint Ventures. &#32;&#32;We recorded income of $1.5 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , which represented our share of the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures'; net income. During the year ended &#32; December 31, 2010 , we recorded our share of one of the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures'; net loss of $206,000 . The net loss was primarily due to acquisition related expenses. Other Income. &#32;&#32;Other income, which includes interest income on money market accounts, decreased $933,000 , or 73% , to $344,000 &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , compared to $1.3 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2010 . The decrease was primarily due to lower average uninvested cash of $163.1 million &#32;during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , as compared to $194.3 million &#32;during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2010 , primarily as a result of acquiring 244 &#32;rental income-producing properties acquired subsequent to December 31, 2010 . Interest Expense. Interest expense increased &#32; $56.0 million , or 243% , to $79.0 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , compared to $23.0 million &#32;during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2010 . The increase &#32;was primarily due to an increase in the average aggregate amount of notes payable and other borrowings outstanding to $1.7 billion &#32;during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , from $595.3 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2010 . Income from Discontinued Operations. &#32;Income from discontinued operations was $14.1 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , compared to $2.8 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2010 . Five of the properties sold during the year ended December 31, 2012 were originally purchased during the year ended December 31, 2010 for an aggregate purchase price of $376.8 million. Therefore, the acquisition related expenses for these properties were recognized during the year ended December 31, 2010. Portfolio Information Real Estate Portfolio As of December 31, 2012 , we and our Consolidated Joint Ventures owned 1,014 &#32;properties located in 47 &#32;states, the gross rentable space of which was 99% &#32;leased with an average lease term remaining of 12.7 &#32;years. As of December 31, 2012 , our five highest tenant concentrations, including the Consolidated Joint Ventures and based on annualized gross rental revenue, were as follows: 2012 Gross Percentage of Total Annualized 2012 Gross Number Leased Rental Revenue Annualized Tenant of Leases (1) Square Feet (2) (in thousands) Rental Revenue Walgreens - drugstore 76 1,117,766 $ 28,421 5 % Albertson';s - grocery 34 1,973,485 24,075 4 % PetSmart - pet supplies 41 1,281,846 23,152 4 % CVS - drugstore 58 914,799 22,128 4 % BJ';s Wholesale Club - warehouse club 3 2,229,933 19,106 3 % 212 7,517,829 $ 116,882 20 % ________________ (1) Excludes properties owned through the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures. (2) Including square feet of the buildings on land that are subject to ground leases. 59 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2012 , our five highest tenant industry concentrations, including the Consolidated Joint Ventures and based on annualized gross rental revenue, were as follows: 2012 Gross Percentage of Total Annualized 2012 Gross Number Leased Rental Revenue Annualized Industry of Leases (1) Square Feet (2) (in thousands) Rental Revenue Restaurant 324 2,065,803 $ 58,077 10 % Grocery 72 3,904,080 50,750 9 % Drugstore 134 2,032,565 50,549 9 % Discount store 220 4,314,042 42,957 8 % Home and garden 66 3,874,610 30,553 5 % 816 16,191,100 $ 232,886 41 % ________________ (1) Excludes properties owned through the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures. (2) Including square feet of the buildings on land that are subject to ground leases. As of December 31, 2012 , our five highest geographic concentrations, including the Consolidated Joint Ventures and based on annualized gross rental revenue, were as follows: 2012 Gross Percentage of Total Annualized 2012 Gross Number of Leased Rental Revenue Annualized Location Properties (1) Square Feet (2) (in thousands) Rental Revenue Texas 190 6,090,708 $ 95,231 17 % Arizona 41 2,979,354 49,148 9 % California 21 2,865,634 40,209 7 % Florida 81 3,299,153 39,956 7 % Illinois 46 1,508,238 29,214 5 % 379 16,743,087 $ 253,758 45 % ________________ (1) Excludes properties owned through the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures. (2) Including square feet of the buildings on land that are subject to ground leases. For more information on diversification and statistics of our wholly-owned real estate assets, see ";Item 2--Properties"; above. Notes Receivable and CMBS Portfolio As of December 31, 2012 , we owned three &#32;notes receivable with an aggregate book value of $90.4 million . In addition, as of December 31, 2012 , we owned 29 &#32;CMBS, with an estimated aggregate fair value of $317.2 million . Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures As of December 31, 2012 , through seven &#32;unconsolidated joint venture arrangements, we had interests in 12 &#32;properties comprising 2.3 million &#32;gross rentable square feet of commercial space including square feet of buildings on land that are subject to ground leases. As of December 31, 2012 &#32;our aggregate investment in the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures was $96.8 million . For more information on our joint ventures see Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 60 Table of Contents Funds From Operations and Modified Funds From Operations Funds From Operations (";FFO";) is a non-GAAP financial performance measure defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (";NAREIT";) and widely recognized by investors and analysts as one measure of operating performance of a real estate company. The FFO calculation excludes items such as real estate depreciation and amortization, gains and losses on the sale of depreciable real estate and impairments of depreciable real estate. Depreciation and amortization as applied in accordance with GAAP implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. Since real estate values have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, it is management';s view, and we believe the view of many industry investors and analysts, that the presentation of operating results for real estate companies by using the historical cost accounting method alone is insufficient. In addition, FFO excludes gains and losses from the sale of depreciable real estate and impairment charges on depreciable real estate, which we believe provides management and investors with a helpful additional measure of the performance of our real estate portfolio, as it allows for comparisons, year to year, that reflect the impact on operations from trends in items such as occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and interest costs. We compute FFO in accordance with NAREIT';s definition. In addition to FFO, we use Modified Funds From Operations (";MFFO";) as a non-GAAP supplemental financial performance measure to evaluate the operating performance of our real estate portfolio. MFFO, as defined by our company, excludes from FFO acquisition related costs, which are required to be expensed in accordance with GAAP. In evaluating the performance of our portfolio over time, management employs business models and analyses that differentiate the costs to acquire investments from the investments'; revenues and expenses. Management believes that excluding acquisition related costs from MFFO provides investors with supplemental performance information that is consistent with the performance models and analysis used by management, and provides investors a view of the performance of our portfolio over time, including after the Company ceases to acquire properties on a frequent and regular basis. MFFO also allows for a comparison of the performance of our portfolio with other REITs that are not currently engaging in acquisitions and mergers, as well as a comparison of our performance with that of other non-traded REITs, as MFFO, or an equivalent measure, is routinely reported by non-traded REITs, and we believe often used by analysts and investors for comparison purposes. For all of these reasons, we believe FFO and MFFO, in addition to net income and cash flows from operating activities, as defined by GAAP, are helpful supplemental performance measures and useful in understanding the various ways in which our management evaluates the performance of our real estate portfolio over time. However, not all REITs calculate FFO and MFFO the same way, so comparisons with other REITs may not be meaningful. FFO and MFFO should not be considered as alternatives to net income or to cash flows from operating activities, and are not intended to be used as a liquidity measure indicative of cash flow available to fund our cash needs. MFFO may provide investors with a useful indication of our future performance, particularly after our acquisition stage, and of the sustainability of our current distribution policy. However, because MFFO excludes acquisition expenses, which are an important component in an analysis of the historical performance of a property, MFFO should not be construed as a historic performance measure. Neither the SEC, NAREIT, nor any other regulatory body has evaluated the acceptability of the exclusions contemplated to adjust FFO in order to calculate MFFO and its use as a non-GAAP financial performance measure. Our calculation of FFO and MFFO, and reconciliation to net income (loss), which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, is presented in the table below for the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 &#32;(in thousands). FFO and MFFO are influenced by the timing of acquisitions and the operating performance of our real estate investments. 61 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31, 2012 2011 2010 NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE COMPANY $ 203,338 $ 45,296 $ (6,293 ) Depreciation of real estate assets 103,719 61,198 20,460 Amortization of lease related costs 55,890 33,057 12,007 Depreciation and amortization of real estate assets from discontinued operations 8,489 12,066 6,861 Depreciation and amortization of real estate assets in unconsolidated joint ventures 4,809 1,803 967 Gain on sale and condemnation of real estate assets (109,121 ) -- (34 ) Funds from operations (FFO) 267,124 153,420 33,968 Acquisition related expenses 63,892 59,433 50,096 Acquisition related expenses in unconsolidated joint ventures and discontinued operations -- -- 9,356 Modified funds from operations (MFFO) $ 331,016 $ 212,853 $ 93,420 Set forth below is additional information that may be helpful in assessing our operating results: &#8226; In order to recognize revenues on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective leases, we recognized additional revenue by straight-lining rental revenue of $33.2 million , $24.7 million &#32;and $13.6 million &#32;during the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively. In addition, related to our interest in the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures, straight-line revenue of $2.9 million , $85,000 , and $55,000 &#32;for the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively is included in equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures on the consolidated statements of operations. &#8226; Amortization of deferred financing costs and amortization of fair value adjustments of mortgage notes assumed totaled $14.2 million , $8.5 million &#32;and $2.8 million &#32;during the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively. In addition, related to our interest in the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures, amortization of deferred financing costs of $244,000 , $52,000 &#32;and $30,000 &#32;for the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively, is included in equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures on the consolidated statements of operations. &#8226; During the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , a purchase agreement was terminated and the seller paid us a breakage fee and reimbursed us for certain underwriting expenses paid. We recorded these proceeds, net of underwriting expenses and advisor reimbursements, of $2.7 million &#32;as other income. &#8226; During the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , we recorded a $9.7 million loss, of which $9.3 million had previously been recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), on a terminated interest rate swap as it related to one of the properties sold. &#8226; During the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , we sold six &#32;CMBS and half of our investment in two &#32;CMBS for aggregate proceeds of $63.4 million &#32;and realized a gain on the sale of $12.5 million , of which $8.9 million &#32;had previously been recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). No sales of CMBS occurred during the years ended &#32; December 31, 2011 &#32;and 2010 . Distributions Our board of directors authorized a daily distribution, based on 366 days in the calendar year, of $0.001776144 per share (which equates to 6.50% on an annualized basis calculated at the current rate, assuming a $10.00 per share purchase price) for stockholders of record as of the close of business on each day of the period, commencing on January 1, 2012 and ending on December 31, 2012. In addition, our board of directors authorized a daily distribution, based on 365 days in the calendar year, of $0.001781016 per share (which equates to 6.50% on an annualized basis calculated at the current rate, assuming a $10.00 per share purchase price) for stockholders of record as of the close of business on each day of the period, commencing on January 1, 2013 and ending on March 31, 2013. Subsequent to December 31, 2012 , our board of directors authorized a daily distribution, based on 365 days in the calendar year (each a ";Daily Distribution";), to stockholders of record as of the close of business on each day of the period commencing on April 1, 2013 and ending on June 30, 2013 (each, a ";Record Date";), with each Daily Distribution payable (i) as of each Record Date prior to the closing date of the consummation of the Merger in the amount of $0.001781016 per share (which equates to 6.50% on an annualized basis calculated at the current rate, assuming a 62 Table of Contents $10.00 per share purchase price) and (ii) as of each Record Date on or after the closing date of the consummation of the Merger in the amount of $0.0019179 per share (which equates to 7.00% on an annualized basis calculated at the current rate, assuming a $10.00 per share purchase price). During the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , we paid distributions of $295.7 million &#32;and $194.9 million , respectively, including $169.1 million &#32;and $110.1 million , respectively, through the issuance of shares pursuant to our DRIP. Our 2012 &#32;distributions were funded by net cash provided by operating activities of $242.5 million , or 82% , distributions received in excess of income from the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures of $5.1 million , or 2% , and proceeds from the issuance of common stock of $48.1 million , or 16% . Our 2011 &#32;distributions were funded by net cash provided by operating activities of $145.7 million , or 75% , return of capital from the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures of $1.1 million , or 1% , and proceeds from the issuance of common stock of $48.1 million , or 24%. Net cash provided by operating activities for the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , reflects a reduction for real estate acquisition related costs incurred and expensed of $63.9 million &#32;and $59.4 million , respectively, in accordance with GAAP. We treat our real estate acquisition expenses as funded by proceeds from the offering of our shares, including proceeds from the DRIP Offering. Therefore, for consistency, proceeds from the issuance of common stock for the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 &#32;have been reported as a source of distributions to the extent that acquisition expenses have reduced net cash flows from operating activities. Share Redemptions Our share redemption program provides that we will not redeem in excess of 5% of the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the trailing twelve months prior to the end of the fiscal quarter for which the redemptions are being paid (the ";Trailing Twelve-month Cap";); provided, however, that while shares subject to a redemption requested upon the death of a stockholder will be included in calculating the maximum number of shares that may be redeemed, such shares will not be subject to the Trailing Twelve-month Cap. In addition, all redemptions, including those upon death or qualifying disability, are limited to those that can be funded with cumulative net proceeds from the sale of shares through our DRIP. The redemption price per share (other than shares pursuant to our DRIP) will depend on the price paid for the shares (until such time as our board of directors has determined a reasonable estimate of the value of our shares) and the length of time the stockholder has held such shares. The redemption price for shares purchased pursuant to our DRIP will be the amount paid for such shares or, after our board of directors has determined a reasonable estimate of the value of our shares, the most recent estimated value of each share. During the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , we received valid redemption requests relating to approximately 7.0 million &#32;shares, which we redeemed in full for $68.6 million &#32;(an average of $9.80 &#32;per share). A valid redemption request is one that complies with the applicable requirements and guidelines of our current share redemption program. We have funded and intend to continue funding share redemptions with proceeds of our DRIP Offering. Subsequent to December 31, 2012 , we redeemed approximately 2.8 million &#32;shares for a total of $27.8 million , or an average price per share of $9.80 . In addition to the caps discussed above, the redemptions are limited quarterly to 1.25% of the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the trailing twelve-month period ending on the last day of the fiscal quarter. In addition, the funding for redemptions each quarter generally will be limited to the net proceeds we receive from the sale of shares in the respective quarter under our DRIP. The share redemption program further provides that while shares subject to redemption requested upon the death of a stockholder will be included in calculating the maximum number of shares that may be redeemed, such shares will not be subject to the quarterly percentage caps. Our management may waive these quarterly caps in its sole discretion, subject to the Trailing Twelve-month Cap. See discussion in Item 5. ";Market for Registrant';s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities--Share Redemption Program."; Liquidity and Capital Resources General As of December 31, 2012 , we had cash and cash equivalents of $192.5 million &#32;and available borrowings of $89.8 million &#32;under our Credit Facility. Additionally, as of December 31, 2012 , we had unencumbered properties with a gross book value of $2.5 billion , including $1.4 billion &#32;of assets that are part of the Credit Facility';s unencumbered borrowing base (the ";Borrowing Base Assets";), which may be used as collateral to secure additional financing in future periods or as additional collateral to facilitate the refinancing of current mortgage debt as it becomes due, subject to certain covenants and leverage and borrowing base restrictions related to our Credit Facility; however, the use of any Borrowing Base Assets as collateral would reduce the available borrowings under our Credit Facility. 63 Table of Contents Short-term Liquidity and Capital Resources On a short-term basis, our principal demands for funds will be for operating expenses and expenses related to the Merger, distributions and redemptions to stockholders and interest and principal on current and any future debt financings. We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements through cash flows provided by operations and proceeds from the DRIP Offering. Operating cash flows are expected to increase as additional properties are added to our portfolio. As of December 31, 2012 , we and the Consolidated Joint Ventures had a total of $64.3 million &#32;of fixed rate debt and construction facilities maturing within the next 12 months. In addition, we have repurchase agreements of $100.1 million &#32;maturing within the next 12 months that we may elect to renew for periods of 90 days until the respective CMBS mature. The CMBS have a weighted average remaining term of 9.5 &#32;years. If we are unable to extend, finance or refinance the amounts maturing, we expect to pay down any remaining amounts through a combination of the use of available cash, cash provided by property operations, available borrowings on our Credit Facility, borrowings on our unencumbered properties and/or proceeds from our DRIP Offering. We believe that the resources stated above will be sufficient to satisfy our operating requirements for the foreseeable future, and we do not anticipate a need to raise funds from sources other than those described above within the next 12 months. Long-term Liquidity and Capital Resources On a long-term basis, our principal demands for funds will be for the acquisition of real estate and real estate-related investments and the payment of acquisition related expenses, operating expenses, distributions and redemptions to stockholders and interest and principal on any future debt financings. Generally, we expect to meet cash needs for items other than acquisitions and acquisition related expenses and debt maturities from our cash flow from operations, and we expect to meet cash needs for acquisitions and debt maturities from the net proceeds from the DRIP Offering and from secured or unsecured borrowings on our current unencumbered properties and future properties, refinancing of current debt, borrowings on our Credit Facility and the strategic sale of real estate and related assets. We expect that substantially all cash flows from operations will be used to pay distributions to our stockholders after certain capital expenditures, including tenant improvements and leasing commissions, are paid; however, we may use other sources to fund distributions as necessary, including the proceeds from the DRIP Offering, borrowing on the Credit Facility and/or future borrowings on our unencumbered assets. During the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , we funded distributions to our stockholders with cash flows from operations, distributions received in excess of income from the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures and proceeds from the issuance of common stock as discussed above in the section captioned ";Distributions."; The Credit Facility and certain notes payable contain customary affirmative, negative and financial covenants, including requirements for minimum net worth, debt service coverage ratios, and leverage ratios. These covenants may limit our ability to incur additional debt and make borrowings on the Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2012 , we had issued approximately 492.1 million &#32;shares of our common stock in the Offerings resulting in gross proceeds of $4.9 billion . As of December 31, 2012 , we had redeemed a total of approximately 12.6 million &#32;shares of common stock for a cost of $122.4 million , at an average price per share of $9.75 . As of December 31, 2012 , we and the Consolidated Joint Ventures had $3.3 billion &#32;of debt outstanding. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for certain terms of the debt outstanding. Additionally, the ratio of debt to gross real estate and related assets net of gross intangible lease liabilities, as of December 31, 2012 , was 45% &#32;and the weighted average years to maturity was 5.3 &#32;years. 64 Table of Contents Our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2012 , were as follows (in thousands): Payments due by period (1) (2) (3) Total Less Than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More Than 5 Years (9) Principal payments - fixed rate debt (4) $ 2,312,482 $ 36,516 $ 179,986 $ 316,198 $ 1,779,782 Interest payments - fixed rate debt 777,796 112,562 219,993 188,881 256,360 Principal payments - variable rate debt 84,942 -- 41,200 43,742 -- Interest payments - variable rate debt (5) 10,261 2,662 4,416 3,183 -- Principal payments - construction facilities (6) 27,757 27,757 -- -- -- Interest payments - construction facilities 509 509 -- -- -- Principal payments - credit facility 767,750 -- 767,750 -- -- Interest payments - credit facility (7) 43,753 26,779 16,974 -- -- Principal payments - repurchase agreements (8) 100,057 100,057 -- -- -- Interest payments - repurchase agreements 272 272 -- -- -- Total $ 4,125,579 $ 307,114 $ 1,230,319 $ 552,004 $ 2,036,142 _______________ (1) The table above does not include amounts due to our advisor or its affiliates pursuant to our advisory agreement because such amounts are not fixed and determinable. (2) As of December 31, 2012 , we had $465.5 million &#32;of variable rate debt fixed through the use of interest rate swaps. We used the rates fixed under our swap agreements to calculate the debt payment obligations in future periods. (3) The table above does not include loan amounts associated with certain unconsolidated joint venture arrangements of $195.8 million , of which $10.2 million &#32;is recourse to CCPT III OP. These loans mature on various dates ranging from October 2015 to July 2021. (4) Principal payment amounts reflect actual payments based on the face amount of notes payable secured by our wholly-owned properties and our Consolidated Joint Ventures. As of December 31, 2012 , the fair value adjustment, net of amortization, of mortgage notes assumed was $940,000 . (5) Rates ranging from 2.46% &#32;to 3.46% &#32;were used to calculate the variable debt payment obligations in future periods. These were the rates effective as of December 31, 2012 . (6) The construction facilities have an aggregate commitment, if fully funded, of $47.8 million &#32;related to our development project. (7) Payment obligations for the Term Loan outstanding under the Credit Facility are based on the respective interest rates of 3.45% and 3.15%, which are the rates fixed under the respective executed swap agreements that had the effect of fixing the variable interest rates per annum through the maturity date of June 2014. (8) We may elect to renew the terms under the Repurchase Agreements for periods of 90 days until the respective CMBS, which are held as collateral, mature. (9) Assumes we accept the interest rates that one lender may reset on September 1, 2013 and February 1, 2015, respectively, related to mortgage notes payable of $30.0 million and $32.0 million, respectively. Our charter prohibits us from incurring debt that would cause our borrowings to exceed the greater of 75% of our gross assets, valued at the greater of the aggregate cost (before depreciation and other non-cash reserves) or fair value of all assets owned by us, unless approved by a majority of our independent directors and disclosed to our stockholders in our next quarterly report. We own properties subject to earnout provisions obligating us to pay additional consideration to the seller contingent on the future leasing and occupancy of vacant space at the properties. Assuming all the conditions are satisfied, we estimate that we would be obligated to pay $5.3 million &#32;in accordance with the purchase agreements. As of December 31, 2012 , the Company also owned a &#32;land parcel, upon which an office building is being developed. Based on budgeted construction costs, the cost to complete the facility is estimated to be $45.8 million &#32;in aggregate. The construction will be funded by a construction loan facility totaling $33.8 million . As of December 31, 2012 , $19.9 million &#32;was outstanding under the construction facility. 65 Table of Contents Cash Flow Analysis Year Ended December 31, 2012 &#32;Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2011 &#32; Operating Activities. &#32;During the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , net cash provided by operating activities increased &#32; $96.8 million , or 66% , to $242.5 million , compared to $145.7 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . The change was primarily due to increases in net income of $157.7 million &#32;and depreciation and amortization expenses totaling $68.3 million , partially offset by the gain on sale and condemnation of real estate assets of $109.1 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 . See ";--Results of Operations"; for a more complete discussion of the factors impacting our operating performance. Investing Activities. &#32;Net cash used in investing activities decreased &#32; $642.0 million , or 27% , to $1.7 billion &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 &#32;compared to $2.4 billion &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . The decrease is primarily due cash proceeds from the sale and condemnation of real estate assets of $536.1 million &#32;and the proceeds from the sale of marketable securities of $63.4 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , combined with the acquisition of 349 &#32;commercial properties for an aggregate purchase price of $2.0 billion &#32;during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , compared to 244 &#32;commercial properties for an aggregate purchase price of $2.2 billion &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . Financing Activities. &#32;Net cash provided by financing activities decreased &#32; $869.0 million , or 38% , to $1.4 billion &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , compared to $2.3 billion &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 . The decrease was primarily due to an increase in the repayment of notes payable and other borrowings of $867.7 million &#32;combined with a decrease in proceeds from the issuance of common stock of $463.7 million . The decrease was partially offset by an increase in the proceeds from notes payable and other borrowings of $478.0 million &#32;for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 . Year Ended December 31, 2011 &#32;Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2010 &#32; Operating Activities. During the year ended December 31, 2011, net cash provided by operating activities increased $109.9 million, or 307%, to $145.7 million, compared to $35.8 for the year ended December 31, 2010. The change was primarily due to increases in net income of $52.4 million and depreciation and amortization expenses, including amortization of deferred financing costs, totaling $74.9 million, partially offset by an increase in the change in rents and tenant receivables of $14.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2011. See ";--Results of Operations"; for a more complete discussion of the factors impacting our operating performance. Investing Activities. Net cash used in investing activities remained relatively constant, increasing $9.9 million, or less than 1%, to $2.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to $2.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2010. During each of the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, we acquired real estate, marketable securities and related mortgage assets with an aggregate purchase price of $2.3 billion. Financing Activities. Net cash provided by financing activities increased $175.1 million, or 8%, to $2.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2011, compared to $2.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2010. The change was primarily due to an increase in proceeds from notes payable and other borrowings of $624.8 million, partially offset by a decrease in the issuance of common stock of $145.6 million and increases in repayment of notes payable and other borrowings of $238.3 million, redemptions of common stock of $30.2 million and distributions to investors of $37.3 million. Election as a REIT We are taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must continue to meet certain requirements relating to our organization, sources of income, nature of assets, distributions of income to our stockholders and recordkeeping. As a REIT, we generally are not subject to federal income tax on taxable income that we distribute to our stockholders so long as we distribute at least 90% of our annual taxable income (computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains). If we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT for any reason in a taxable year and applicable relief provisions do not apply, we will be subject to tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. We will not be able to deduct distributions paid to our stockholders in any year in which we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT. We also will be disqualified for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost unless we are entitled to relief under specific statutory provisions. Such an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to stockholders. However, we believe that we are organized and operate in such a manner as to maintain our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. No provision for federal income taxes has been made in our accompanying consolidated financial statements. We are subject to certain state and local taxes related to the operations of properties in certain locations, which have been provided for in our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 66 Table of Contents Inflation We are exposed to inflation risk as income from long-term leases will be the primary source of our cash flows from operations. There are provisions in many of our tenant leases that will protect us from, and mitigate the risk of, the impact of inflation. These provisions include rent steps and clauses enabling us to receive payment of additional rent calculated as a percentage of the tenants'; gross sales above pre-determined thresholds. In addition, most of our leases require the tenant to pay all or a majority of the property';s operating expenses, including real estate taxes, special assessments and sales and use taxes, utilities, insurance and building repairs. However, due to the long-term nature of the leases for real property, such leases may not reset frequently enough to adequately offset the effects of inflation. Commitments and Contingencies We may be subject to certain commitments and contingencies with regard to certain transactions. Refer to Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further explanations. Related-Party Transactions and Agreements We have entered into agreements with CR III Advisors and its affiliates, whereby we have paid and may continue to pay certain fees to, or reimburse certain expenses of, CR III Advisors or its affiliates such as acquisition and advisory fees and expenses, financing coordination fees, organization and offering costs, sales commissions, dealer manager fees, asset and property management fees and expenses, leasing fees and reimbursement of certain operating costs. See Note 2 and Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a further explanation of the Merger Agreement and various related-party transactions, agreements and fees. Conflicts of Interest Affiliates of CR III Advisors act as sponsor, general partner or advisor to various private real estate limited partnerships, and other real estate-related programs, including CCPT I, CCPT II, CCPT IV, CCIT and Cole Income NAV Strategy. As such, there are conflicts of interest where CR III Advisors or its affiliates, while serving in the capacity as sponsor, general partner, key personnel or advisor for other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments, may be in conflict with us in connection with providing services to other real estate related programs related to property acquisitions, property dispositions, and property management, among others. The compensation arrangements between affiliates of CR III Advisors and these other real estate programs sponsored by Cole Real Estate Investments could influence its advice to us. See Item 1. ";Business--Conflicts of Interest"; in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Subsequent Events Certain events occurred subsequent to December 31, 2012 &#32;through the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Refer to Note 21 to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further explanation. Such events are: &#8226; Issuance of shares of common stock in the DRIP Offering; &#8226; Redemption of shares of common stock; &#8226; Entry into the Merger Agreement; &#8226; Entry into employment agreements with key personnel; &#8226; Legal proceedings; &#8226; Unsolicited proposal; &#8226; Investment in real estate and related assets; &#8226; Property dispositions; and &#8226; Notes payable and other borrowings. 67 Table of Contents Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements Refer to Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further explanation. There have been no accounting pronouncements issued, but not yet applied by us, that will significantly impact our financial statements. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements that had or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or capital resources. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As of December 31, 2012 , we and three &#32;of the Consolidated Joint Ventures had $701.8 million &#32;of variable rate debt, including the Revolving Loans and the repurchase agreements, and therefore we are exposed to interest rate changes in LIBOR. As of December 31, 2012 , a change of 50 basis points in interest rates would result in a change in interest expense of $3.5 million &#32;per annum, assuming all of our derivatives remain effective hedges. In the future we may obtain additional variable rate debt financing to fund certain property acquisitions, and may be further exposed to interest rate changes. Our objectives in managing interest rate risks will be to limit the impact of interest rate changes on operations and cash flows, and to lower overall borrowing costs. To achieve these objectives, we will borrow primarily at interest rates with the lowest margins available and, in some cases, with the ability to convert variable interest rates to fixed rates. We have entered, and expect to continue to enter, into derivative financial instruments, such as interest rate swaps, in order to mitigate our interest rate risk on a given variable rate financial instrument. We have not entered, and do not intend to enter, into derivative or interest rate transactions for speculative purposes. We may also enter into rate lock arrangements to lock interest rates on future borrowings. We may be exposed to credit and market risks including, but not limited to, the failure of any counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract or the adverse effect on the value of the financial instrument resulting from a change in interest rates. As of December 31, 2012 , we had 63 &#32;interest rate swap agreements outstanding, which mature on various dates from June 2014 through April 2021, with an aggregate notional amount under the swap agreements of $744.3 million &#32;and an aggregate net fair value of $(23.0) million . The fair value of these interest rate swap agreements is dependent upon existing market interest rates and swap spreads. As of December 31, 2012 , an increase of 50 basis points in interest rates would result in a decrease to the fair value of the derivative liability of $10.6 million . We do not have any foreign operations and thus we are not exposed to foreign currency fluctuations. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The financial statements and supplementary data filed as part of this report are set forth beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE There were no changes in or disagreements with our independent registered public accountants during the year ended December 31, 2012 . ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, we, under the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as of December 31, 2012 , were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the rules and forms promulgated under the Exchange Act, and is accumulated and communicated to management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 68 Table of Contents Management';s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of internal control effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control--Integrated Framework issued &#32;by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2012 . Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting No change occurred in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the three months ended December 31, 2012 &#32;that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. 69 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2013 annual meeting of stockholders. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2013 annual meeting of stockholders. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2013 annual meeting of stockholders. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTORS INDEPENDENCE The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2013 annual meeting of stockholders. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2013 annual meeting of stockholders. 70 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) List of Documents Filed. 1. The list of the financial statements contained herein is set forth on page F-1 hereof. 2. Financial Statement Schedules-- Schedule III--Real Estate Assets and Accumulated Depreciation is set forth beginning on page S-1 hereof. Schedule IV--Mortgage Loans on Real Estate is set forth beginning on page S-15 hereof. All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are not applicable and therefore have been omitted. 3. The Exhibits filed in response to Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed on the Exhibit Index attached hereto. (b) See (a) 3 above. (c) See (a) 2 above. 71 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 F-1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc. Phoenix, Arizona We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc. and subsidiaries (the ";Company";) as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2012. Our audits also included the financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15. These financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company';s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company';s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2012, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein. /s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP Phoenix, Arizona March 28, 2013 F-2 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) December 31, 2012 December 31, 2011 ASSETS Investment in real estate assets: Land $ 1,490,843 $ 1,165,274 Buildings and improvements, less accumulated depreciation of $187,870 and $99,055, respectively 4,222,363 3,275,989 Acquired intangible lease assets, less accumulated amortization of $122,258 and $61,830, respectively 860,963 682,816 Total investment in real estate assets, net 6,574,169 5,124,079 Investment in notes receivable, net 90,358 64,683 Investment in marketable securities 51,103 41,750 Investment in marketable securities pledged as collateral 266,098 72,379 Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures 96,785 21,543 Total investment in real estate and related assets, net 7,078,513 5,324,434 Assets related to real estate held for sale, net 15,485 15,836 Cash and cash equivalents 192,504 216,353 Restricted cash 18,444 17,540 Rents and tenant receivables, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $337 and $202, respectively 79,760 60,712 Prepaid expenses and other assets 11,790 11,584 Deferred financing costs, less accumulated amortization of $23,105 and $11,305, respectively 57,229 51,109 Total assets $ 7,453,725 $ 5,697,568 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Notes payable and other borrowings $ 3,292,048 $ 2,373,984 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 42,756 33,815 Escrowed investor proceeds -- 1,930 Due to affiliates 4,525 4,847 Acquired below market lease intangibles, less accumulated amortization of $16,389 and $8,782, respectively 113,607 93,050 Distributions payable 26,399 20,858 Derivative liabilities, deferred rent and other liabilities 56,980 50,720 Total liabilities 3,536,315 2,579,204 Commitments and contingencies Redeemable common stock 234,578 134,101 EQUITY: Preferred stock, $0.01 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding -- -- Common stock, $0.01 par value; 990,000,000 shares authorized, 479,547,099 and 385,236,590 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 4,795 3,852 Capital in excess of par value 4,068,015 3,322,924 Accumulated distributions in excess of earnings (416,886 ) (319,031 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 23,101 (24,757 ) Total stockholders'; equity 3,679,025 2,982,988 Noncontrolling interests 3,807 1,275 Total equity 3,682,832 2,984,263 Total liabilities and equity $ 7,453,725 $ 5,697,568 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) Year Ended December 31, 2012 2011 2010 Revenues: Rental and other property income $ 471,333 $ 294,511 $ 108,509 Tenant reimbursement income 44,541 21,564 6,101 Interest income on notes receivable 6,573 5,473 3,628 Interest income on marketable securities 20,495 2,432 -- Total revenue 542,942 323,980 118,238 Expenses: General and administrative expenses 14,915 10,155 5,905 Property operating expenses 49,278 24,045 6,916 Property and asset management expenses 46,364 27,225 10,378 Acquisition related expenses 63,892 59,433 50,096 Depreciation 103,719 61,198 20,460 Amortization 55,890 33,057 12,007 Total operating expenses 334,058 215,113 105,762 Operating income 208,884 108,867 12,476 Other income (expense): Equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures 2,183 1,475 (206 ) Other income 4,446 344 1,277 Gain on sale of marketable securities 12,455 -- -- Interest expense (140,113 ) (78,968 ) (22,969 ) Total other expense (121,029 ) (77,149 ) (21,898 ) Income (loss) from continuing operations 87,855 31,718 (9,422 ) Discontinued operations Income from discontinued operations 7,126 14,053 2,819 Gain on sale of real estate assets 108,457 -- -- Total income from discontinued operations 115,583 14,053 2,819 Net income (loss) 203,438 45,771 (6,603 ) Net income (loss) allocated to noncontrolling interests 100 475 (310 ) Net income (loss) attributable to the Company $ 203,338 $ 45,296 $ (6,293 ) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic and diluted 463,216,187 309,363,838 174,764,966 Income (loss) from continuing operations per common share: Basic and diluted $ 0.19 $ 0.10 $ (0.05 ) Total income from discontinued operations per common share: Basic and diluted $ 0.25 $ 0.05 $ 0.02 Net income (loss) attributable to the Company per common share: Basic and diluted $ 0.44 $ 0.15 $ (0.04 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2012 2011 2010 Net income (loss) $ 203,438 $ 45,771 $ (6,603 ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gain on marketable securities 53,664 1,335 -- Reclassification of previous unrealized gain on marketable securities into net income (8,852 ) -- -- Unrealized loss on interest rate swaps (6,217 ) (18,904 ) (7,053 ) Reclassification of previous unrealized loss on interest rate swaps into net income 9,263 -- -- Total other comprehensive income (loss) 47,858 (17,569 ) (7,053 ) Total comprehensive income (loss) 251,296 28,202 (13,656 ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest 100 475 (310 ) Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to the Company $ 251,196 $ 27,727 $ (13,346 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (in thousands, except share amounts) Accumulated Accumulated Common Stock Capital in Distributions Other Total Non- Number of Par Excess in Excess of Comprehensive Stockholders'; controlling Total Shares Value of Par Value Earnings (Loss) Gain Equity Interests Equity Balance, January 1, 2010 98,002,392 $ 980 $ 865,617 $ (34,999 ) $ (135 ) $ 831,463 $ -- $ 831,463 Issuance of common stock 151,272,210 1,513 1,505,839 -- -- 1,507,352 -- 1,507,352 Contributions from noncontrolling interests -- -- -- -- -- -- 681 681 Distributions to investors -- -- -- (121,748 ) -- (121,748 ) -- (121,748 ) Commissions on stock sales and related dealer manager fees -- -- (127,753 ) -- -- (127,753 ) -- (127,753 ) Other offering costs -- -- (14,013 ) -- -- (14,013 ) -- (14,013 ) Redemptions of common stock (1,204,238 ) (12 ) (11,646 ) -- -- (11,658 ) -- (11,658 ) Changes in redeemable common stock -- -- (53,516 ) -- -- (53,516 ) -- (53,516 ) Comprehensive loss -- -- -- (6,293 ) (7,053 ) (13,346 ) (310 ) (13,656 ) Balance, December 31, 2010 248,070,364 2,481 2,164,528 (163,040 ) (7,188 ) 1,996,781 371 1,997,152 Issuance of common stock 141,490,293 1,414 1,405,275 -- -- 1,406,689 -- 1,406,689 Contributions from noncontrolling interests -- -- -- -- -- -- 481 481 Distributions to noncontrolling interests -- -- -- -- -- -- (52 ) (52 ) Distributions to investors -- -- -- (201,287 ) -- (201,287 ) -- (201,287 ) Commissions on stock sales and related dealer manager fees -- -- (114,550 ) -- -- (114,550 ) -- (114,550 ) Other offering costs -- -- (21,572 ) -- -- (21,572 ) -- (21,572 ) Redemptions of common stock (4,324,067 ) (43 ) (41,847 ) -- -- (41,890 ) -- (41,890 ) Changes in redeemable common stock -- -- (68,203 ) -- -- (68,203 ) -- (68,203 ) Purchase of investment from noncontrolling interest -- -- (707 ) -- -- (707 ) -- (707 ) Comprehensive income (loss) -- -- -- 45,296 (17,569 ) 27,727 475 28,202 Balance, December 31, 2011 385,236,590 3,852 3,322,924 (319,031 ) (24,757 ) 2,982,988 1,275 2,984,263 Issuance of common stock 101,309,317 1,013 1,000,935 -- -- 1,001,948 -- 1,001,948 Contributions from noncontrolling interests -- -- -- -- -- -- 2,938 2,938 Distributions to noncontrolling interests -- -- -- -- -- -- (506 ) (506 ) Distributions to investors -- -- -- (301,193 ) -- (301,193 ) -- (301,193 ) Commissions on stock sales and related dealer manager fees -- -- (72,926 ) -- -- (72,926 ) -- (72,926 ) Other offering costs -- -- (13,188 ) -- -- (13,188 ) -- (13,188 ) Redemptions of common stock (6,998,808 ) (70 ) (68,532 ) -- -- (68,602 ) -- (68,602 ) Changes in redeemable common stock -- -- (100,477 ) -- -- (100,477 ) -- (100,477 ) Purchase of investment from noncontrolling interest -- -- (721 ) -- -- (721 ) -- (721 ) Comprehensive income -- -- -- 203,338 47,858 251,196 100 251,296 Balance, December 31, 2012 479,547,099 $ 4,795 $ 4,068,015 $ (416,886 ) $ 23,101 $ 3,679,025 $ 3,807 $ 3,682,832 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2012 2011 2010 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) $ 203,438 $ 45,771 $ (6,603 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation 110,533 70,823 25,720 Amortization of lease intangibles and deferred financing costs, net 74,869 46,253 16,478 Accretion of marketable securities and notes receivable, net (4,280 ) (1,788 ) (642 ) Bad debt expense 309 213 97 Equity in (income) loss of unconsolidated joint ventures (2,183 ) (1,475 ) 206 Return on investment from unconsolidated joint ventures 2,183 1,475 946 Gain on sale and condemnation of real estate assets (109,121 ) -- (34 ) Gain on sale of marketable securities (12,455 ) -- -- Changes in assets and liabilities: Rents and tenant receivables (31,184 ) (36,421 ) (21,760 ) Prepaid expenses and other assets (4,537 ) (3,766 ) (1,717 ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses 3,832 10,769 11,228 Deferred rent and other liabilities 10,310 10,535 11,643 Due to affiliates 750 3,292 230 Net cash provided by operating activities 242,464 145,681 35,792 Cash flows from investing activities: Investment in real estate and related assets (2,335,620 ) (2,342,527 ) (2,329,385 ) Return of investment and repayment of advance from unconsolidated joint ventures 22,748 1,148 -- Principal repayments from notes receivable 864 276 -- Proceeds from sale and condemnation of real estate assets 536,113 18 44 Proceeds from sale of marketable securities 63,422 -- -- Payment of property escrow deposits (48,407 ) (43,050 ) (40,653 ) Refund of property escrow deposits 53,096 38,875 40,150 Change in restricted cash (904 ) (5,417 ) (10,932 ) Net cash used in investing activities (1,708,688 ) (2,350,677 ) (2,340,776 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock 832,869 1,296,596 1,442,178 Offering costs on issuance of common stock (87,195 ) (135,362 ) (141,935 ) Redemptions of common stock (68,602 ) (41,890 ) (11,658 ) Distributions to investors (126,573 ) (84,784 ) (47,439 ) Proceeds from notes payable and other borrowings 2,025,253 1,547,220 922,392 Repayment of notes payable and other borrowings (1,107,062 ) (239,401 ) (1,136 ) Payment of loan deposits (5,463 ) (6,704 ) (14,676 ) Refund of loan deposits 6,653 6,234 14,642 Payment on earnout liabilities (7,429 ) -- -- Change in escrowed investor proceeds liability (1,930 ) 1,482 (673 ) Deferred financing costs paid (20,578 ) (32,413 ) (26,167 ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests 2,938 481 681 Distributions to noncontrolling interests (506 ) (52 ) -- Net cash provided by financing activities 1,442,375 2,311,407 2,136,209 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (23,849 ) 106,411 (168,775 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 216,353 109,942 278,717 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year $ 192,504 $ 216,353 $ 109,942 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-7 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1 -- ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc. (the ";Company";) is a Maryland corporation that was formed on January 22, 2008, which has elected to be taxed, and currently qualifies, as a real estate investment trust (";REIT";) for federal income tax purposes. Substantially all of the Company';s business is conducted through Cole REIT III Operating Partnership, LP (";CCPT III OP";), a Delaware limited partnership. The Company is the sole general partner of, and owns a 99.99% &#32;partnership interest in, CCPT III OP. Cole REIT Advisors III, LLC (";CR III Advisors";), the advisor to the Company, is the sole limited partner and owner of an insignificant noncontrolling partnership interest of less than 0.01% &#32;of CCPT III OP. As of December 31, 2012 , the Company owned 1,014 &#32;properties, comprising 43.1 million rentable square feet of single and multi-tenant retail and commercial space located in 47 &#32;states, which include properties owned through consolidated joint venture arrangements. As of December 31, 2012 , the rentable space at these properties was 99% &#32;leased. As of December 31, 2012 , the Company also owned 29 &#32;commercial mortgage backed securities (";CMBS";) and three &#32;notes receivable. In addition, through unconsolidated joint venture arrangements, as of December 31, 2012 , the Company had interests in 12 &#32;properties comprising 2.3 million &#32;rentable square feet of commercial and retail space. The Company ceased offering shares of common stock in its initial primary offering (the ";Initial Offering";) on October 1, 2010. At the completion of the Initial Offering, a total of approximately 217.5 million &#32;shares of common stock had been issued, including approximately 211.6 million &#32;shares issued in the primary offering and approximately 5.9 million &#32;shares issued pursuant to a distribution reinvestment plan (the ";DRIP";). The remaining 32.5 million &#32;unsold shares in the Initial Offering were deregistered. The Company ceased offering shares of its common stock pursuant to a follow-on offering of up to 275.0 million &#32;shares (the ";Follow-on Offering";) on April 27, 2012. At the completion of the Follow-on Offering, a total of approximately 262.2 million &#32;shares of common stock had been issued, including approximately 242.9 million &#32;shares issued in the primary offering and approximately 19.3 million &#32;shares issued pursuant to the DRIP. The remaining 12.8 million &#32;unsold shares in the Follow-on Offering were deregistered. In addition, the Company registered 75.0 million &#32;shares of common stock under the DRIP pursuant to a registration statement filed on Form S-3 (the ";DRIP Offering"; and collectively with the Initial Offering and Follow-on Offering, the ";Offerings";), which was filed with the SEC on March 14, 2012 and automatically became effective with the SEC upon filing. The Company will continue to issue shares of common stock under the DRIP Offering until such time as the Company';s shares are listed on a national securities exchange or the DRIP Offering is otherwise terminated by the Company';s board of directors. As of December 31, 2012 , the Company had issued approximately 492.1 million &#32;shares of its common stock in the Offerings, including approximately 12.4 million &#32;shares issued in the DRIP Offering. The Company had aggregate gross proceeds from the Offerings of $4.9 billion &#32;(including shares sold pursuant to the Company';s DRIP) as of December 31, 2012 , before share redemptions of $122.4 million &#32;and offering costs, selling commissions and dealer management fees of $463.2 million . On March 5, 2013, the Company, Cole Holdings Corporation (";Holdings";), an Arizona corporation that is the parent company and indirect owner of the Company';s advisor and is wholly owned by Christopher H. Cole, the chairman of the board of directors, chief executive officer and president of the Company (the ";Holdings Stockholder";), CREInvestments, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (";Merger Sub";), and the Holdings Stockholder entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the ";Merger Agreement";). The Merger Agreement provides for the merger of Holdings with and into Merger Sub (the ";Merger";), with Merger Sub surviving and continuing its existence under the laws of the state of Maryland as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Upon consummation of the Merger, the Company intends to list its shares of common stock on the New York Stock Exchange. Refer to Note 2 for further discussion regarding the Merger. F-8 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) NOTE 2 -- MERGER AGREEMENT A special committee of independent directors of the Company unanimously recommended the Merger and the board of directors of the Company (the ";Board";) unanimously approved the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 &#32;per share, of Holdings (";Holdings Common Stock";) will be converted into the right to receive upfront consideration from the Company of $20.0 million &#32;in cash, subject to adjustment, and 10,711,225 &#32;newly-issued shares of common stock of the Company (the ";Upfront Stock Consideration";). The Merger Agreement also includes the following contingent amounts to be paid by the Company: (i) upon a listing of the Company';s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange (";NYSE";), 2,142,245 &#32;newly-issued shares of the Company';s common stock will be payable to the Holdings Stockholder (the ";Listing Consideration";), and (ii) additional shares of the Company';s common stock are potentially payable in 2017 as an ";earn-out"; contingent upon the acquired business'; demonstrated financial success based on two criteria: (a) the acquired business generating Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) above a minimum threshold and (b) the Company';s stock performance relative to its peer group (the ";Earnout Consideration";). The Upfront Stock Consideration and the Listing Consideration are subject to a three -year lockup with approximately one-third of the shares released each year. The stock consideration payable in 2017 is subject to a lockup until December 31, 2017. Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Company';s advisory agreement with its current advisor, Holdings may receive an additional amount of the Company';s common stock based on the average closing price over a period of 30 &#32;consecutive trading days beginning 180 &#32;days after the Company';s shares of common stock are listed; however, Holdings has agreed, as part of the transaction, to a 25% &#32;reduction from the amount payable under the advisory agreement as a result of a listing of the Company';s common stock, if any. Other executives of Holdings would receive a portion of the consideration to be paid in connection with the Merger pursuant to certain bonus arrangements. The Merger Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of Holdings, the Holdings Stockholder, the Company and Merger Sub. The consummation of the Merger is subject to various conditions for the benefit of the Company and Merger Sub, on the one hand, or Holdings and the Holdings Stockholder, on the other hand, or for all parties'; benefit, as applicable, including, among others, (i) the absence of any law or order prohibiting the consummation of the Merger, (ii) certain consents, approvals, permits and authorizations having been obtained, (iii) receipt of certain regulatory approvals, (iv) subject to the standards set forth in the Merger Agreement, the accuracy of the representations and warranties of each party thereto, (v) compliance by each party with its covenants and agreements under the Merger Agreement in all material respects, (vi) no event, change, effect, development, condition or occurrence that has had or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the Company or Holdings, (vii) the delivery of certain opinions of counsel related to the qualification of the Merger as a ";reorganization"; for tax purposes and the qualification of the Company as a real estate investment trust, and (viii) no pending litigation challenging the Merger which, if determined adversely to the Company, Holdings or the Holdings Stockholder, would be, or would be reasonably likely to be, material to (a) the combined business of the Company, Holdings and their subsidiaries and as a result of which the Company';s special committee of the Board has determined that the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement are no longer in the best interests of the Company';s stockholders or (b) the Holdings Stockholder and as a result of which the Holdings Stockholder has determined that the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement are no longer in the best interests of the Holdings Stockholder. The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for both the Company and Holdings, including the right to terminate the Merger Agreement if the Merger is not consummated on or before June 30, 2013 and if the requisite regulatory approvals are not obtained. The Holdings Stockholder has also agreed, subject to certain limitations, to indemnify the Company with respect to certain representations and warranties regarding Holdings and other matters. If the Merger is completed, the Company and the Holdings Stockholder will enter into a customary escrow agreement pursuant to which approximately one-third of the Upfront Stock Consideration will be escrowed, in part to satisfy the Holding Stockholder';s indemnity obligations. If listing occurs during the first year after closing, one-third of the Listing Consideration will be added to the escrowed shares, subject to the same escrow terms. At the closing of the Merger, the Company would enter into a registration rights agreement pursuant to which the Company will agree to customary demand and piggyback registration rights with respect to the shares of the Company';s common stock issued pursuant to the Merger Agreement. As of December 31, 2012 , the Company had incurred $3.5 million &#32;for legal, consulting and other expenses related to the Merger, which is included in acquisition related expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Subsequent to December 31, 2012 , the Company has incurred $11.1 million of such Merger expenses. F-9 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) NOTE 3 -- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES The summary of significant accounting policies presented below is designed to assist in understanding the Company';s consolidated financial statements. These accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (";GAAP";), in all material respects, and have been consistently applied in preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, its wholly-owned subsidiaries and consolidated joint venture arrangements in which the Company has controlling financial interests. The portions of the consolidated joint venture arrangements not owned by the Company were presented as noncontrolling interests as of and during the period consolidated. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain prior year balances have been reclassified in the consolidated balance sheets and statements of operations to conform with the current year presentation of real estate assets held for sale and discontinued operations. The Company evaluates its relationships and investments to determine if it has variable interests. A variable interest is an investment or other interest that will absorb portions of an entity';s expected losses or receive portions of the entity';s expected residual returns. If the Company determines that it has a variable interest in an entity, it evaluates whether such interest is in a variable interest entity (";VIE";). A VIE is broadly defined as an entity where either (1) the equity investors as a group, if any, lack the power through voting or similar rights to direct the activities of an entity that most significantly impact the entity';s economic performance or (2) the equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance that entity';s activities without additional subordinated financial support. The Company consolidates any VIEs when it is determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE';s operations. A variable interest holder is considered to be the primary beneficiary of a VIE if it has the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the entity';s economic performance and has the obligation to absorb losses of, or the right to receive benefits from, the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The Company qualitatively assesses whether it is (or is not) the primary beneficiary of a VIE. Consideration of various factors include, but are not limited to, the Company';s ability to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity';s economic performance, its form of ownership interest, its representation on the entity';s governing body, the size and seniority of its investment, its ability and the rights of other investors to participate in policy making decisions and to replace the manager of and/or liquidate the entity. The Company continually evaluates the need to consolidate joint ventures based on standards set forth in GAAP. In determining whether the Company has a controlling interest in a joint venture and the requirement to consolidate the accounts of that entity, management considers factors such as ownership interest, power to make decisions and contractual and substantive participating rights of the partners/members as well as whether the entity is a VIE for which the Company is the primary beneficiary. As of December 31, 2012 , the Company consolidated the accounts of three &#32;joint ventures (the ";Consolidated Joint Ventures";), which held real estate assets with an aggregate book value of $55.0 million . In addition, the Company evaluates its investments in marketable securities to determine if they represent variable interests in VIEs. As of December 31, 2012 , the Company determined that investments in marketable securities are variable interests in VIEs, of which the Company is not the primary beneficiary because it does not have the ability to direct the activities of the VIEs that most significantly impact each entity';s economic performance. The Company';s maximum exposure to loss from these investments does not exceed their aggregate amortized cost basis of $271.1 million . Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. F-10 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) Investment in and Valuation of Real Estate Assets Real estate assets are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Amounts capitalized to real estate assets consist of the cost of acquisition, excluding acquisition related expenses, construction and any tenant improvements, major improvements and betterments that extend the useful life of the real estate assets and leasing costs. All repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. The Company is required to make subjective assessments as to the useful lives of its depreciable assets. The Company considers the period of future benefit of each respective asset to determine the appropriate useful life of the assets. Real estate assets, other than land, are depreciated or amortized on a straight-line basis. The estimated useful lives of the Company';s real estate assets by class are generally as follows: Buildings 40 years Tenant improvements Lesser of useful life or lease term Intangible lease assets Lease term The Company continually monitors events and changes in circumstances that could indicate that the carrying amounts of its real estate assets may not be recoverable. Impairment indicators that the Company considers include, but are not limited to, bankruptcy or other credit concerns of a property';s major tenant, such as a history of late payments, rental concessions and other factors, a significant decrease in a property';s revenues due to lease terminations, vacancies, co-tenancy clauses, reduced lease rates or other circumstances. When indicators of potential impairment are present, the Company assesses the recoverability of the assets by determining whether the carrying amount of the assets will be recovered through the undiscounted future cash flows expected from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. In the event that such expected undiscounted future cash flows do not exceed the carrying amount, the Company will adjust the real estate assets to their respective fair values and recognize an impairment loss. Generally, fair value is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis and recent comparable sales transactions. No impairment indicators were identified and no impairment losses were recorded during the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , 2011 , and 2010 . When developing estimates of expected future cash flows, the Company makes certain assumptions regarding future market rental income amounts subsequent to the expiration of current lease agreements, property operating expenses, terminal capitalization and discount rates, the expected number of months it takes to re-lease the property, required tenant improvements and the number of years the property will be held for investment. The use of alternative assumptions in estimating expected future cash flows could result in a different determination of the property';s expected future cash flows and a different conclusion regarding the existence of an impairment, the extent of such loss, if any, as well as the fair value of the real estate assets. When a real estate asset is identified by the Company as held for sale, the Company ceases depreciation and amortization of the assets related to the property and estimates the fair value, net of selling costs. If, in management';s opinion, the fair value, net of selling costs, of the asset is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an adjustment to the carrying amount would be recorded to reflect the estimated fair value of the property, net of selling costs. Allocation of Purchase Price of Real Estate Assets Upon the acquisition of real properties, the Company allocates the purchase price to acquired tangible assets, consisting of land, buildings and improvements, and identified intangible assets and liabilities, consisting of the value of above market and below market leases and the value of in-place leases, based in each case on their respective fair values. Acquisition related expenses are expensed as incurred. The Company utilizes independent appraisals to assist in the determination of the fair values of the tangible assets of an acquired property (which includes land and building). The Company obtains an independent appraisal for each real property acquisition. The information in the appraisal, along with any additional information available to the Company';s management, is used in estimating the amount of the purchase price that is allocated to land. Other information in the appraisal, such as building value and market rents, may be used by the Company';s management in estimating the allocation of purchase price to the building and to intangible lease assets and liabilities. The appraisal firm has no involvement in management';s allocation decisions other than providing this market information. F-11 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) The fair values of above market and below market lease intangibles are recorded based on the present value (using a discount rate which reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) of the difference between (1) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the in-place leases and (2) an estimate of fair market lease rates for the corresponding in-place leases, which is generally obtained from independent appraisals, measured over a period equal to the remaining non-cancelable term of the lease including any bargain renewal periods, with respect to a below market lease. The above market and below market lease intangibles are capitalized as intangible lease assets or liabilities, respectively. Above market leases are amortized as a reduction to rental income over the remaining terms of the respective leases. Below market leases are amortized as an increase to rental income over the remaining terms of the respective leases, including any bargain renewal periods. In considering whether or not the Company expects a tenant to execute a bargain renewal option, the Company evaluates economic factors and certain qualitative factors at the time of acquisition, such as the financial strength of the tenant, remaining lease term, the tenant mix of the leased property, the Company';s relationship with the tenant and the availability of competing tenant space. If a lease were to be terminated prior to its stated expiration, all unamortized amounts of above market or below market lease intangibles relating to that lease would be recorded as an adjustment to rental income. The fair values of in-place leases include estimates of direct costs associated with obtaining a new tenant and opportunity costs associated with lost rental and other property income which are avoided by acquiring a property with an in-place lease. Direct costs associated with obtaining a new tenant include commissions and other direct costs and are estimated in part by utilizing information obtained from independent appraisals and management';s consideration of current market costs to execute a similar lease. The intangible values of opportunity costs, which are calculated using the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the in-place leases over a market absorption period for a similar lease, are capitalized as intangible lease assets and are amortized to expense over the remaining term of the respective leases. If a lease were to be terminated prior to its stated expiration, all unamortized amounts of in-place lease assets relating to that lease would be expensed. The Company estimates the fair value of assumed mortgage notes payable based upon indications of current market pricing for similar types of debt financing with similar maturities. Assumed mortgage notes payable are initially recorded at their estimated fair value as of the assumption date, and the difference between such estimated fair value and the mortgage note';s outstanding principal balance is amortized to interest expense over the term of the respective mortgage note payable. The determination of the fair values of the real estate assets and liabilities acquired requires the use of significant assumptions with regard to the current market rental rates, rental growth rates, capitalization and discount rates, interest rates and other variables. The use of alternative estimates may result in a different allocation of the Company';s purchase price, which could impact the Company';s results of operations. Discontinued Operations Upon the disposal of a real estate asset or the determination of a real estate asset as being held for sale, the Company determines if the asset disposed of is considered a component of the Company. A component is comprised of operations and cash flows that can clearly be distinguished, operationally and for financial reporting purposes, from the rest of the Company. If the asset is considered a component of the Company, the results of operations and gains or losses on the sale of the component are required to be presented in discontinued operations if both of the following criteria are met: (1) the operations and cash flows of the asset have been (or will be) eliminated from the ongoing operations of the Company as a result of the disposal transaction and (2) the Company will not have any significant continuing involvement in the operations of the asset after the disposal transaction. Also, the prior period results of operations for the asset are reclassified and presented in discontinued operations in the prior consolidated statements of operations. Sale of Real Estate Assets Gains on the sale of real estate assets are generally recognized by the full accrual method when the following criteria are met: (1) the gain is determinable, that is, the collectability of the sales price is reasonably assured or the amount that will not be collectible can be estimated, and (2) the earnings process is virtually complete, that is, the Company is not obligated to perform significant activities after the sale to earn the gain. F-12 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) Investment in Notes Receivable Notes receivable consist of loans acquired by the Company, which are secured by real estate properties. Notes receivable are recorded at stated principal amounts net of any discount or premium and deferred loan origination costs or fees. The related discounts or premiums are accreted or amortized over the life of the related note receivable. The Company defers certain loan origination and commitment fees and amortizes them as an adjustment of yield over the term of the related note receivable. The related accretion of discounts and/or amortization of premiums and origination costs are recorded in interest income on notes receivable. The Company evaluates the collectability of both interest and principal on each note receivable to determine whether it is collectible, primarily through the evaluation of credit quality indicators such as underlying collateral and payment history. A note receivable is considered to be impaired, when based upon current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the existing contractual terms. If a note receivable is considered to be impaired, the amount of loss is calculated by comparing the recorded investment to the value determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at the note receivable';s effective interest rate or to the value of the underlying collateral if the note receivable is collateral dependent. Interest income on performing notes receivable is accrued as earned. Interest income on impaired notes receivable is recognized on a cash basis. Evaluating notes receivable for potential impairment can require management to exercise significant judgments. No impairment losses or allowances were recorded related to notes receivable for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 . Investment in Marketable Securities Investments in marketable securities consist of investments in CMBS, including those pledged as collateral. The Company classifies its investments as available-for-sale because although the Company does not actively trade these securities, the Company may sell them prior to their maturity. These investments are carried at estimated fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The Company uses estimated non-binding quoted market prices from the trading desks of financial institutions that are dealers in such securities, where available, for similar CMBS tranches that actively participate in the CMBS market and industry benchmarks, such as Trepp';s CMBS Analytics, where applicable. Market conditions, such as interest rates, liquidity, trading activity and credit spreads may cause significant variability to the received quotes. If the Company is unable to obtain quotes or if the Company believes the quotes received are inaccurate, the Company would estimate fair value using internal models that primarily consider Trepp';s CMBS Analytics, expected cash flows, known and expected defaults and rating agency reports. Changes in market conditions could result in a significant increase or decrease in the recorded amount of the securities. Significant judgment is involved in valuations and different judgments and assumptions used in management';s valuation could result in alternative valuations. If there are significant disruptions to the financial markets, the Company';s estimates of fair value may have significant volatility. Upon the sale of a security, the realized net gain or loss is computed on a specific identification basis. The Company monitors its available-for-sale securities for impairments. A loss is recognized when the Company determines that a decline in the estimated fair value of a security below its amortized cost is other-than-temporary. The Company considers many factors in determining whether the impairment of a security is deemed to be other-than-temporary, including, but not limited to, the length of time the security has had a decline in estimated fair value below its amortized cost, the amount of the unrealized loss, the intent and ability of the Company to hold the security for a period of time sufficient for a recovery in value, recent events specific to the issuer or industry, external credit ratings and recent changes in such ratings. The analysis of determining whether the impairment of a security is deemed to be other-than-temporary requires significant judgments and assumptions. The use of alternative judgments and assumptions could result in a different conclusion. Accretion of discounts on the CMBS is recognized based on the effective yield method and is recorded in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations in interest income on marketable securities. The effective yield on these CMBS is based on the projected cash flows from each security, which are estimated based on the Company';s observation of current information and events and include assumptions related to interest rates, prepayment rates and the timing and amount of credit losses. The Company reviews and, if appropriate, makes adjustments to its cash flow projections based on input and analysis received from external sources, internal models, and its judgment about interest rates, prepayment rates, the timing and amount of credit losses, and other factors. Changes in cash flows from those originally projected, or from those estimated at the last evaluation, may result in a prospective change in the yield/interest income recognized on such securities. Actual maturities of the securities are affected by the contractual lives of the associated mortgage collateral, periodic payments of principal, and prepayments of principal. Therefore actual maturities of the securities may be shorter than stated contractual maturities. F-13 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with maturities when purchased of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company considers investments in highly liquid money market accounts to be cash equivalents. Restricted Cash and Escrows Included in restricted cash was $14.0 million &#32;and $15.2 million &#32;as of December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , respectively, held by lenders in escrow accounts for tenant and capital improvements, leasing commissions, repairs and maintenance and other lender reserves for certain properties, in accordance with the respective lender';s loan agreement. Also included in restricted cash was $4.4 million &#32;and $387,000 &#32;held by lenders in a lockbox account, as of December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , respectively. As part of certain debt agreements, rents from certain encumbered properties are deposited directly into a lockbox account, from which the monthly debt service payment is disbursed to the lender and the excess is disbursed to the Company. In addition, the Company had escrowed investor proceeds for which shares of common stock had not been issued of $1.9 million &#32;in restricted cash as of December 31, 2011 . There were no &#32;escrowed investor proceeds included in restricted cash as December 31, 2012 . Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures as of December 31, 2012 &#32;consisted of the Company';s interest in seven &#32;joint ventures that owned 12 &#32;multi-tenant properties (the ";Unconsolidated Joint Ventures";). The Company accounts for the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures using the equity method of accounting as the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over operating and financial policies of these investments. The equity method of accounting requires the investment to be initially recorded at cost and subsequently adjusted for the Company';s share of equity in the joint venture';s earnings and distributions. The Company is required to determine whether an event or change in circumstances has occurred that may have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of its investment in the joint venture. If an event or change in circumstance has occurred, the Company is required to evaluate the joint venture for potential impairment and determine if the carrying amount of its investment exceeds its fair value. An impairment charge is recorded when an impairment is deemed to be other-than-temporary. To determine whether an impairment is other-than-temporary, the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until the carrying amount is fully recovered. The evaluation of an investment in a joint venture for potential impairment requires the Company';s management to exercise significant judgment and to make certain assumptions. The use of different judgments and assumptions could result in different conclusions. No impairment indicators were identified and no impairment losses were recorded related to the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures for the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;or 2010 . Rents and Tenant Receivables Rents and tenant receivables primarily includes amounts to be collected in future periods related to the recognition of rental income on a straight-line basis over the lease term and cost recoveries due from tenants. The Company makes estimates of the uncollectability of its accounts receivable related to base rents, expense reimbursements and other revenues. The Company analyzes accounts receivable and historical bad debt levels, customer creditworthiness and current economic trends when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts. In addition, tenants in bankruptcy, if any, are analyzed and estimates are made in connection with the expected recovery of pre-petition and post-petition claims. The Company';s reported net income or loss is directly affected by management';s estimate of the collectability of accounts receivable. The Company records allowances for those balances that the Company deems to be uncollectible, including any amounts relating to straight-line rent receivables. Prepaid Expenses Prepaid expenses include expenses paid as of the balance sheet date that relate to future periods and will be expensed or reclassified to another account during the period to which the costs relate. Any amounts with no future economic benefit are charged to earnings when identified. F-14 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities The Company accounts for its derivative instruments, including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts, at fair value. Accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on the intended use of the derivative instrument and the designation of the derivative instrument. The change in fair value of the effective portion of the derivative instrument that is designated as a hedge is recorded as other comprehensive income (loss). The changes in fair value for derivative instruments that are not designated as a hedge or that do not meet the hedge accounting criteria are recorded as a gain or loss to operations. Deferred Financing Costs Deferred financing costs are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the related financing arrangement, which approximates the effective interest method. If a note payable is prepaid, any unamortized deferred financing costs related to the note payable would be expensed. Amortization of deferred financing costs, including any write-offs, was $14.1 million , $8.4 million &#32;and $2.7 million &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively, and was recorded in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Revenue Recognition Certain properties have leases where minimum rental payments increase during the term of the lease. The Company records rental income for the full term of each lease on a straight-line basis. When the Company acquires a property, the terms of existing leases are considered to commence as of the acquisition date for the purpose of determining this calculation. The Company defers the recognition of contingent rental income, such as percentage rents, until the specific target that triggers the contingent rental income is achieved. Expected reimbursements from tenants for recoverable real estate taxes and operating expenses are included in tenant reimbursement income in the period when such costs are incurred. Income Taxes The Company qualified and elected to be taxed as a REIT for federal income tax purposes under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Company generally is not subject to federal corporate income tax to the extent it distributes its taxable income to its stockholders, and so long as it, among other things, distributes at least 90% &#32;of its annual taxable income (computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains). REITs are subject to a number of other organizational and operational requirements. Even if the Company maintains its qualification for taxation as a REIT, it may be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income and property, and federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed income. Concentration of Credit Risk As of December 31, 2012 , the Company had cash on deposit, including restricted cash, in 12 &#32;financial institutions, eight &#32;of which had deposits in excess of federally insured levels, totaling $93.0 million ; however, the Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. The Company limits significant cash investments to accounts held by financial institutions with high credit standing; therefore, the Company believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on its cash deposits. No single tenant accounted for greater than 10% &#32;of the Company';s 2012 &#32;gross annualized rental revenues. Tenants in the restaurant industry comprised 10% &#32;of the Company';s 2012 &#32;gross annualized rental revenues. Additionally, the Company has certain geographic concentrations in its property holdings. In particular, as of December 31, 2012 , 190 &#32;of the Company';s properties were located in Texas accounting for 17% &#32;of its 2012 &#32;gross annualized rental revenues. Offering and Related Costs CR III Advisors funds all of the organization and offering costs on the Company';s behalf and is reimbursed for such costs up to 1.5% &#32;of gross proceeds from the Offerings, excluding selling commissions and the dealer-manager fee. During the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , the Company recorded $13.2 million , $21.6 million &#32;and $14.0 million , respectively, of organization and offering expense reimbursements for services provided by, and costs incurred by, CR III Advisors. The offering costs, which include items such as legal and accounting fees, marketing, personnel and promotional printing costs, are recorded as a reduction of capital in excess of par value along with sales commissions and dealer manager fees of 7% &#32;and 2% , respectively. Organization costs are expensed when incurred. F-15 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) Due to Affiliates Certain affiliates of the Company';s advisor received, and will continue to receive fees, reimbursements, and compensation in connection with services provided relating to the acquisition, management, financing, leasing and sale of the assets of the Company. Stockholders'; Equity As of December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , the Company was authorized to issue 990.0 million &#32;shares of common stock and 10.0 million &#32;shares of preferred stock. All shares of such stock have a par value of $0.01 per share. The Company';s board of directors may amend the charter to authorize the issuance of additional shares of capital stock without obtaining stockholder approval. Redeemable Common Stock The Company has adopted a share redemption program that permits its stockholders to sell their shares, which is limited to redemptions that can be funded with cumulative net proceeds from the Company';s DRIP and subject to other limitations discussed in Note 17 to these consolidated financial statements. The Company records amounts that are redeemable under the share redemption program as redeemable common stock outside of permanent equity in its consolidated balance sheets. Changes in the amount of redeemable stock from period to period are recorded as an adjustment to capital in excess of par value. Earnings (Loss) Per Share Earnings per share are calculated based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each period presented. Diluted income per share considers the effect of any potentially dilutive share equivalents, of which the Company had none for each of the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 . Reportable Segments The Company';s operating segment consists of commercial properties, which include activities related to investing in real estate including retail, office and distribution properties and other real estate related assets. The commercial properties are geographically diversified throughout the United States and have similar economic characteristics. The Company evaluates operating performance on an overall portfolio level; therefore, the Company';s properties are one reportable segment. Interest Interest is charged to interest expense as it accrues, unless the interest relates to loans on properties under development, in which case it is capitalized. During the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , the Company capitalized $299,000 , $48,000 , and $26,000 &#32;respectively, of interest costs relating to the development projects as discussed in Note 5 to these consolidated financial statements. Distributions Payable and Distribution Policy In order to maintain its status as a REIT, the Company is required to, among other things, make distributions each taxable year equal to at least 90% &#32;of its taxable income, computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains. To the extent funds are available, the Company intends to pay regular distributions to stockholders. Distributions are paid to stockholders of record as of the applicable record dates. The Company';s board of directors authorized a daily distribution, based on 366 &#32;days in the calendar year, of $0.001776144 &#32;per share (which equates to 6.50% &#32;on an annualized basis calculated at the current rate, assuming a $10.00 &#32;per share purchase price) for stockholders of record as of the close of business on each day of the periods commencing on January 1, 2012 &#32;and ending on December 31, 2012 . As of December 31, 2012 , the Company had distributions payable of $26.4 million . F-16 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) Repurchase Agreements In certain circumstances the Company may obtain financing through a repurchase agreement. The Company evaluates the initial transfer of a financial instrument and the related repurchase agreement for sale accounting treatment. In instances where the Company maintains effective control over the transferred securities, the Company accounts for the transaction as a secured borrowing, and accordingly, both the securities and related repurchase agreement payable are recorded separately in the consolidated balance sheets. In instances where the Company does not maintain effective control over the transferred securities, the Company accounts for the transaction as a sale of securities for proceeds consisting of cash and a forward purchase contract. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In May 2011, the U.S. Financial Accounting Standards Board (";FASB";) issued Accounting Standards Update 2011-04, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (Topic 820): Amendments to Achieve Common Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure Requirements in U.S. GAAP and IFRS , (";ASU 2011-04";), which converges guidance between GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards to provide a uniform framework of fair value measurements and requires additional disclosures including quantifiable information about measurements to changes in unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair value measurements. ASU 2011-04 became effective for the Company on January 1, 2012. The adoption of ASU 2011-04 did not have a material impact on the Company';s consolidated financial statements. In June 2011, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2011-05, Presentation of Comprehensive Income , which requires the presentation of comprehensive income in either (1) a continuous statement of comprehensive income or (2) two separate but consecutive statements. The Company elected to present two separate but consecutive statements herein. NOTE 4 -- FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS GAAP defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and requires disclosures about fair value measurements. GAAP emphasizes that fair value is intended to be a market-based measurement, as opposed to a transaction-specific measurement. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Depending on the nature of the asset or liability, various techniques and assumptions can be used to estimate the fair value. Assets and liabilities are measured using inputs from three levels of the fair value hierarchy, as follows: Level 1 &#8211; Inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date. An active market is defined as a market in which transactions for the assets or liabilities occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Level 2 &#8211; Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active (markets with few transactions), inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (i.e. interest rates, yield curves, etc.), and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs). Level 3 &#8211; Unobservable inputs, which are only used to the extent that observable inputs are not available, reflect the Company';s assumptions about the pricing of an asset or liability. The following describes the methods the Company uses to estimate the fair value of the Company';s financial assets and liabilities: Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash &#32;&#8211; The Company considers the carrying values of these financial assets to approximate fair value because of the short period of time between their origination and their expected realization. Notes receivable &#32;&#8211; The fair value is estimated by discounting the expected cash flows on the notes at rates at which management believes similar loans would be made as of December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 . The estimated fair value of these notes was $97.3 million &#32;and $69.0 million &#32;as of December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , respectively, as compared to the carrying value of $90.4 million &#32;and $64.7 million &#32;as of December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , respectively. The fair value of the Company';s notes receivable is estimated using Level 2 inputs. F-17 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) Notes payable and other borrowings &#32;&#8211; The fair value is estimated by discounting the expected cash flows based on estimated borrowing rates available to the Company as of December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 . The estimated fair value of the notes payable and other borrowings was $3.4 billion &#32;and $2.4 billion &#32;as of December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , respectively, as compared to the carrying value of $3.3 billion &#32;and $2.4 billion &#32;as of December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , respectively. The fair value of the Company';s notes payable and other borrowings is estimated using Level 2 inputs. Marketable securities &#32;&#8211; The Company';s marketable securities are carried at fair value and are valued using Level 3 inputs. The Company used estimated non-binding quoted market prices from the trading desks of financial institutions that are dealers in such securities for similar CMBS tranches that actively participate in the CMBS market and industry benchmarks, such as Trepp';s CMBS Analytics. As of December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , no marketable securities were valued using internal models. Derivative Instruments &#32;&#8211; The Company';s derivative instruments represent interest rate swaps. All derivative instruments are carried at fair value and are valued using Level 2 inputs. The fair value of these instruments is determined using interest rate market pricing models. The Company includes the impact of credit valuation adjustments on derivative instruments measured at fair value. Earnout Agreements &#8211; The Company has acquired certain properties subject to earnout provisions obligating the Company to pay additional consideration to the seller contingent on the future leasing and occupancy of vacant space at each property. Earnout payments are based on a predetermined formula and have set time periods regarding the obligation to make the payment as set forth in the respective purchase and sale agreement. If, at the end of the respective time period, certain space has not been leased and occupied, the Company will have no further obligation under the applicable earnout provision. The earnouts are carried at fair value and are valued using Level 3 inputs, including estimated timing and probability of leasing the vacant space, as there is no public market for this item and thus Level 1 and Level 2 inputs are unavailable for an item of this nature. Earnouts are recorded upon acquisition of the related property at their estimated fair value, and any changes to the estimated fair value are reflected in the statements of operations. The estimated fair value of these agreements totaled $5.3 million &#32;and $5.5 million &#32;as of December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , respectively, and is included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets in other liabilities. During the year ended December 31, 2012 , the Company recorded additional earnout liabilities with an aggregate estimated fair value of $6.5 million &#32;upon purchase of certain properties. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2012 , the Company increased the fair value of the outstanding earnout agreements by $789,000 , which is recorded in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations in acquisition related expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2012 , the obligations under certain earnout provisions were satisfied and the Company paid $7.4 million &#32;to the seller. Considerable judgment is necessary to develop estimated fair values of financial assets and liabilities. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company could realize, or be liable for, on disposition of the financial assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2012 , there have been no transfers of financial assets or liabilities between levels. In accordance with the fair value hierarchy described above, the following table shows the fair value of the Company';s financial assets and liabilities that are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 &#32;(in thousands): F-18 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) &#32; Balance as of December 31, 2012 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Assets: Marketable securities $ 317,201 $ -- $ -- $ 317,201 Liabilities: Interest rate swaps $ (23,046 ) $ -- $ (23,046 ) $ -- Earnout agreements (5,339 ) -- -- (5,339 ) Total liabilities $ (28,385 ) $ -- $ (23,046 ) $ (5,339 ) Balance as of December 31, 2011 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Assets: Marketable securities $ 114,129 $ -- $ -- $ 114,129 Liabilities: Interest rate swaps $ (26,092 ) $ -- $ (26,092 ) $ -- Earnout agreements (5,519 ) -- -- (5,519 ) Total liabilities $ (31,611 ) $ -- $ (26,092 ) $ (5,519 ) The following table shows a reconciliation of the change in fair value of the Company';s marketable securities with significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the years ended December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 &#32;(in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2012 2011 Balance at beginning of year $ 114,129 $ -- Total gains or losses Reclassification of previous unrealized gain on marketable securities into net income (8,852 ) -- Unrealized gain included in other comprehensive income (loss), net 53,664 1,335 Purchases, issuances, settlements, sales and accretion Purchases 205,986 112,032 Issuances -- -- Sales (50,967 ) -- Accretion included in earnings, net 3,241 762 Balance at end of year $ 317,201 $ 114,129 F-19 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) NOTE 5 -- REAL ESTATE ACQUISITIONS 2012 Property Acquisitions During the year ended December 31, 2012 , the Company acquired interests in 349 &#32;commercial properties for an aggregate purchase price of $2.0 billion &#32;(the ";2012 Acquisitions";). The Company purchased the 2012 &#32;Acquisitions with net proceeds from the Follow-on Offering, the DRIP Offering, borrowings and the sale of properties and other investments. The Company allocated the purchase price of these properties to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The following table summarizes the purchase price allocation (in thousands): December 31, 2012 Land $ 412,674 Building and improvements 1,330,874 Acquired in-place leases 252,186 Acquired above market leases 38,260 Acquired below market leases (39,054 ) Total purchase price $ 1,994,940 The Company recorded revenue for the year ended December 31, 2012 &#32;of $81.4 million , respectively, and a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2012 &#32;of $25.7 million , respectively, related to the 2012 &#32;Acquisitions. The Company expensed $60.4 million &#32;of property related acquisition costs for the year ended December 31, 2012 . The following information summarizes selected financial information of the Company, as if all of the 2012 &#32;Acquisitions were completed on January 1, 2011 &#32;for each period presented below. The table below presents the Company';s estimated revenue and net income, on a pro forma basis, for the years ended December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , respectively (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2012 2011 Pro forma basis (unaudited): Revenue $ 661,650 $ 531,356 Net income $ 296,683 $ 45,793 The unaudited pro forma information for the year ended December 31, 2012 &#32;was adjusted to exclude $60.4 million &#32;of property related acquisition costs recorded during the year ended December 31, 2012 . These costs were recognized in the unaudited pro forma information for the year ended December 31, 2011 . The unaudited pro forma information is presented for informational purposes only and may not be indicative of what actual results of operations would have been had the transactions occurred at the beginning of 2011 , nor does it purport to represent the results of future operations. 2012 Investments in Development Projects During the year ended December 31, 2012 , the Company acquired a completed development project for an aggregate purchase price of $7.7 million &#32;through the repayment of a construction loan facility and the purchase of the joint venture partner';s noncontrolling interest. The Company also completed the construction of a single tenant office building. Total costs for the construction of the building were $12.2 million . The development of these projects was initiated in 2011, and therefore, these properties are not included in the 2012 Acquisitions. 2012 Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures During the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , the Company acquired financial interests in two &#32;unconsolidated joint venture arrangements for an aggregate investment of $46.5 million . In addition, the Company acquired a $27.7 million &#32;financial interest in one &#32;of the Consolidated Joint Ventures during the year ended December 31, 2012 , whose only assets are interests in three &#32;of the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures. F-20 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) In connection with the acquired interests in the unconsolidated joint venture arrangements discussed above, one &#32;of the Unconsolidated Joint Ventures borrowed $17.6 million &#32;(the ";Advance Note";) from one of the Consolidated Joint Ventures and fully repaid the Advance Note during the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 . The Advance Note had a variable interest rate equal to the one-month LIBOR plus 225 basis points. During the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , the Company recorded $107,000 &#32;of interest income on the Advance Note. No financing coordination fees were incurred in connection with the Advance Note. 2011 Property Acquisitions During the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , the Company acquired interests in 244 &#32;commercial properties, including the properties held in two &#32;of the Consolidated Joint Ventures, for an aggregate purchase price of $2.2 billion &#32;(the "; 2011 &#32;Acquisitions";). The Company purchased the 2011 &#32;Acquisitions with net proceeds from the Offerings and through the issuance or assumption of mortgage notes and credit facility borrowings. The Company allocated the purchase price of the 2011 Acquisitions to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The following table summarizes the purchase price allocation (in thousands): December 31, 2011 Land $ 448,728 Building and improvements 1,491,347 Acquired in-place leases 244,776 Acquired above market leases 69,823 Acquired below market leases (32,402 ) Fair value adjustment of assumed notes payable 438 Total purchase price $ 2,222,710 The Company recorded revenue for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 &#32;of $84.6 million , respectively, and a net loss for the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 &#32;of $16.5 million , respectively, related to the 2011 &#32;Acquisitions. The Company expensed $59.4 million &#32;of acquisition costs for the year ended December 31, 2011 . The following information summarizes selected financial information of the Company, as if all of the 2011 &#32;Acquisitions were completed on January 1, 2010 &#32;for each period presented below. The table below presents the Company';s estimated revenue and net income, on a pro forma basis, for the years ended December 31, 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2011 2010 Pro forma basis (unaudited): Revenue $ 474,975 $ 336,716 Net income $ 159,743 $ 34,158 The unaudited pro forma information for the year ended December 31, 2011 was adjusted to exclude $59.4 million &#32;of acquisition costs recorded during the year ended December 31, 2011 . These costs were recognized in the unaudited pro forma information for the year ended December 31, 2010. The unaudited pro forma information is presented for informational purposes only and may not be indicative of what actual results of operations would have been had the transactions occurred at the beginning of 2010, nor does it purport to represent the results of future operations. 2011 Investments in Development Projects During the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , the Company acquired a completed development project for an aggregate purchase price of $5.9 million &#32;through the repayment of a construction loan facility and the purchase of the joint venture partner';s noncontrolling interest. The development of this project was initiated in 2010, and therefore, this property purchase is not included in the 2011 &#32;Acquisitions. F-21 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) In addition, the Company and one &#32;of the Consolidated Joint Ventures acquired three &#32;land parcels for development of two &#32;office facilities and a single tenant commercial property. As of December 31, 2011 , the aggregate construction costs incurred of $12.3 million &#32;are included in the accompanying December 31, 2011 &#32;consolidated balance sheet in building and improvements. The land acquired for an aggregate amount of $9.3 million &#32;is included in land, and the aggregate construction facility borrowings of $4.6 million &#32;are included in notes payable and other borrowings in the accompanying December 31, 2011 &#32;consolidated balance sheet. As discussed above, the Company completed two of the three projects during the year ended December 31, 2012 . 2011 Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures During the year ended &#32; December 31, 2011 , the Company acquired an interest in an unconsolidated joint venture arrangement for $7.7 million . NOTE 6 -- ACQUIRED INTANGIBLE LEASE ASSETS Acquired intangible lease assets consisted of the following (in thousands): As of December 31, 2012 2011 Acquired in-place leases, net of accumulated amortization of $101,392 and $50,715, respectively (with a weighted average life of 12.7 and 15.3 years, respectively) $ 710,469 $ 543,663 Acquired above market leases, net of accumulated amortization of $20,866 and $11,115, respectively (with a weighted average life of 13.2 and 15.9 years, respectively) 150,494 139,153 $ 860,963 $ 682,816 Amortization expense related to the acquired in-place lease assets for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 &#32;was $55.9 million , $33.1 million &#32;and $12.0 million , respectively. Amortization expense related to the acquired above market lease assets for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 &#32;was $11.6 million , $6.9 million &#32;and $2.1 million , respectively. Estimated amortization expense of the intangible lease assets, excluding the intangible lease assets related to the Held for Sale Properties (as defined below), as of December 31, 2012 &#32;for each of the five succeeding fiscal years is as follows: Amortization Year Ending December 31, Leases In-Place Above Market Leases 2013 $ 64,896 $ 13,723 2014 $ 62,474 $ 13,283 2015 $ 61,208 $ 13,063 2016 $ 58,201 $ 12,476 2017 $ 56,076 $ 12,028 NOTE 7 -- INVESTMENT IN NOTES RECEIVABLE During the year ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , the Company acquired a $25.0 million &#32;junior mezzanine loan (the ";Mezzanine Loan";), secured by equity interests in a joint venture which owns 15 &#32;shopping centers. The Mezzanine Loan has an interest rate of LIBOR plus 9.0% &#32;with a LIBOR floor of 0.50% &#32;and matures in July 2015 with two &#32;one-year extension options. As of December 31, 2012 , investment in notes receivable included $25.4 million &#32;related to the Mezzanine Loan, which consisted of the outstanding face amount of the loan of $25.0 million , $500,000 &#32;of acquisition costs and accumulated amortization of acquisition costs of $65,000 . The acquisition costs are amortized over the term of the loan using the effective interest rate method. Interest only payments are due each month. There were no amounts past due as of December 31, 2012 . In addition, as of December 31, 2012 , the Company owned two &#32;mortgage notes receivable, each of which is secured by an office building (collectively the ";Mortgage Notes";). As of December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , investment in notes receivable included $64.9 million &#32;and $64.7 million , respectively, related to the Mortgage Notes. As of December 31, 2012 , the Mortgage Notes balance consisted of the outstanding face amount of the notes of $72.9 million , a $12.0 million &#32;discount, $1.3 million &#32;of acquisition costs and net accumulated accretion of discounts and amortization of acquisition costs of $2.8 million . As of F-22 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) December 31, 2011 , the Mortgage Notes balance consisted of the outstanding face amount of the notes of $73.7 million , a $12.0 million &#32;discount, $1.3 million &#32;of acquisition costs and net accumulated accretion of discounts and amortization of acquisition costs of $1.7 million . The discount is accreted and acquisition costs are amortized over the terms of each respective Mortgage Note using the effective interest rate method. The Mortgage Notes have a fixed interest rate of 5.93% per annum and mature on October 1, 2018 . Interest and principal payments are due each month until October 1, 2018 . There were no amounts past due as of December 31, 2012 . The Company evaluates the collectability of both interest and principal on each note receivable to determine whether it is collectible, primarily through the evaluation of credit quality indicators, such as underlying collateral and payment history. No impairment losses were recorded related to notes receivable for the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;or 2010 . In addition, no allowances for uncollectability were recorded related to notes receivable as of December 31, 2012 &#32;or 2011 . NOTE 8 -- INVESTMENT IN MARKETABLE SECURITIES During the year ended December 31, 2012 , the Company sold six &#32;CMBS and half of the Company';s investment in two &#32;CMBS for aggregate proceeds of $63.4 million &#32;and realized a gain on the sale of $12.5 million , of which $8.9 million &#32;had previously been recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). As of December 31, 2012 , the Company owned 29 &#32;CMBS, with an estimated aggregate fair value of $317.2 million . As of December 31, 2011 , the Company owned 11 &#32;CMBS, with an estimated aggregate fair value of $114.1 million . As of December 31, 2012 , certain of these securities were pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements (the ";Repurchase Agreements";), as discussed in Note 11 to these consolidated financial statements. The following table provides the activity for the CMBS during the year ended December 31, 2012 &#32;(in thousands): Amortized Cost Basis Unrealized Gain Fair Value Marketable securities as of December 31, 2011 $ 112,794 $ 1,335 $ 114,129 Face value of marketable securities acquired 320,020 -- 320,020 Discounts on purchase of marketable securities, net of acquisition costs (114,034 ) -- (114,034 ) Net accretion on marketable securities 3,241 -- 3,241 Increase in fair value of marketable securities -- 53,664 53,664 Decrease due to sale of marketable securities (50,967 ) (8,852 ) (59,819 ) Marketable securities as of December 31, 2012 $ 271,054 $ 46,147 $ 317,201 The following table shows the fair value and gross unrealized gains and losses of the Company';s CMBS as of December 31, 2012 &#32;(in thousands) and the length of time the CMBS has been in the unrealized gain or continuous loss position: Less than 12 months 12 Months or More Total Description of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Gains Unrealized (Losses) Fair Value Unrealized Gains Unrealized (Losses) Fair Value Unrealized Gains Unrealized (Losses) CMBS $ 317,201 $ 48,192 $ (2,045 ) $ -- $ -- $ -- $ 317,201 $ 48,192 $ (2,045 ) As of December 31, 2012 , the unrealized losses of $2.0 million &#32;were deemed to be a temporary impairment based upon the following: (1) the Company having no intent to sell these securities, (2) it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell the securities before recovery and (3) the Company';s expectation to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these securities. The Company determined that the unrealized losses of $2.0 million &#32;resulted from volatility in interest rates and credit spreads and other qualitative factors relating to macro-credit conditions in the mortgage market. Additionally, as of December 31, 2012 , the Company had determined that the subordinate CMBS tranches below the Company';s CMBS investment adequately protected the Company';s ability to recover its investment and that the Company';s estimates of anticipated future cash flows from the CMBS investment had not been adversely impacted by any deterioration in the creditworthiness of the specific CMBS issuers. F-23 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) The scheduled maturity of the Company';s CMBS as of December 31, 2012 &#32;is as follows (in thousands): Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Due within one year $ -- $ -- Due after one year through five years -- -- Due after five years through ten years 260,412 307,396 Due after ten years 10,642 9,805 $ 271,054 $ 317,201 Actual maturities of marketable securities can differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to prepay their respective loan balances at any time. In addition, factors such as prepayments and interest rates may affect the yields on the marketable securities. NOTE 9 -- DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS During the year ended December 31, 2012 , the Company disposed of 26 &#32;single-tenant properties and two &#32;multi-tenant properties for an aggregate gross sales price of $573.8 million &#32;(the ";2012 Property Dispositions";). As of the respective closing dates of the 2012 Property Dispositions, the major class of assets and liabilities of these properties included net total investment in real estate assets of $450.2 million , straight-line rent receivables of $12.7 million , notes payable of $180.3 million , which includes $24.3 million &#32;assumed by the buyer, and net below market lease liabilities of $9.0 million . The Company has no continuing involvement with the 2012 Property Dispositions. The Company also classified two &#32;properties as held for sale as of December 31, 2012 &#32;(the ";Held for Sale Properties";). The results of operations for the 2012 Property Dispositions and the Held for Sale Properties (collectively, the ";Discontinued Operations Properties";) have been presented as discontinued operations on the Company';s consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented. The following table summarizes the operating income from discontinued operations of the Discontinued Operations Properties for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 &#32;(in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2012 2011 2010 Total revenue $ 34,308 $ 42,322 $ 25,318 Total expenses 27,182 28,269 22,499 Income from discontinued operations 7,126 14,053 2,819 Gain on sale of real estate assets 108,457 -- -- Total income from discontinued operations $ 115,583 $ 14,053 $ 2,819 The following table presents the major classes of assets and liabilities of the Held for Sale Properties as of December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 &#32;(in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2012 2011 Investment in real estate assets, net $ 15,376 $ 15,759 Straight-line rent receivables 109 77 Assets related to real estate held for sale, net $ 15,485 $ 15,836 Liabilities related to real estate assets held for sale (1) $ 322 $ 347 ________________ (1) Liabilities related to real estate assets held for sale includes net below market lease liabilities and prepaid rent and are included in derivative liabilities, deferred rent and other liabilities in the Company';s consolidated balance sheets for all periods presented. F-24 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) NOTE 10 -- DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES In the normal course of business, the Company uses certain types of derivative instruments for the purpose of managing or hedging its interest rate risks. The following table summarizes the terms of the Company';s executed swap agreements designated as hedging instruments (in thousands): Outstanding Notional Fair Value of Liabilities Balance Sheet Amount as of Interest Effective Maturity December 31, December 31, Location December 31, 2012 Rates (1) Dates Dates 2012 2011 Interest Rate Swaps Derivative liabilities, deferred rent and other liabilities $ 744,250 3.15% to 6.83% 12/18/2009 to 12/14/2012 6/27/2014 to 4/1/2021 $ (23,046 ) $ (26,092 ) _______________ (1) The interest rates consist of the underlying index swapped to a fixed rate and the applicable interest rate spread. Additional disclosures related to the fair value of the Company';s derivative instruments are included in Note 4 to these consolidated financial statements. The notional amount under the agreements is an indication of the extent of the Company';s involvement in each instrument, but does not represent exposure to credit, interest rate or market risks. Accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on the intended use and designation of the derivative instrument. The Company designated the interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges, to hedge the variability of the anticipated cash flows on its variable rate notes payable. The change in fair value of the effective portion of the derivative instruments that are designated as hedges is recorded in other comprehensive income or loss. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivative instruments is recorded in interest expense. The following table summarizes the gains and losses on the Company';s derivative instruments and hedging activities for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 &#32;(in thousands): Amount of Loss Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Amount of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) to Interest Expense (1) Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 2010 Interest Rate Swaps $ (6,217 ) $ (18,904 ) $ (7,053 ) $ 9,263 $ -- $ -- _______________ (1) During the year ended December 31, 2012 , an interest rate swap was designated as ineffective and the unrealized loss was reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into interest expense as it related to one of the 2012 Property Dispositions and the Company terminated the swap when the property was sold. The Company has agreements with each of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision whereby if the Company defaults on certain of its unsecured indebtedness, then the Company could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations resulting in an acceleration of payment. In addition, the Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of non-performance by its derivative counterparties. The Company believes it mitigates its credit risk by entering into agreements with credit-worthy counterparties. The Company records credit risk valuation adjustments on its interest rate swaps based on the respective credit quality of the Company and the counterparty. As of both December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , there were no events of default related to the interest rate swaps. As of December 31, 2011 , there were no termination events related to the interest rate swaps. F-25 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) NOTE 11 -- NOTES PAYABLE AND OTHER BORROWINGS As of December 31, 2012 , the Company and the Consolidated Joint Ventures had $3.3 billion &#32;of debt outstanding, with a weighted average years to maturity of 5.3 &#32;years and weighted average interest rate of 4.38% . The following table summarizes the debt activity during the year ended and balances as of December 31, 2012 &#32;(in thousands): During the Year Ended December 31, 2012 Balance as of December 31, 2011 Debt Issuance and Assumptions Repayments Other (1) Balance as of December 31, 2012 Fixed rate debt $ 1,560,068 $ 898,906 $ (226,556 ) $ 79,123 $ 2,311,541 Variable rate debt 132,143 31,799 -- (79,000 ) 84,942 Construction facilities 4,614 28,364 (5,220 ) -- 27,758 Credit facility 647,750 1,010,000 (890,000 ) -- 767,750 Repurchase agreements 29,409 80,184 (9,536 ) -- 100,057 Total (2) $ 2,373,984 $ 2,049,253 $ (1,131,312 ) $ 123 $ 3,292,048 ________________ (1) Represents fair value adjustment of assumed mortgage notes payable, net of amortization, of $123,000 . In addition, $79.0 &#32;million of variable rate debt outstanding as of December 31, 2012 &#32;was effectively fixed through the use of an interest rate swap with an effective date of June 29, 2012 . (2) The table above does not include loan amounts associated with certain unconsolidated joint venture arrangements of $195.8 million , of which $10.2 million &#32;is recourse to CCPT III OP. These loans mature on various dates ranging from October 2015 to July 2021. As of December 31, 2012 , the fixed rate debt includes $465.5 million &#32;of variable rate debt subject to interest rate swap agreements which had the effect of fixing the variable interest rates per annum through the maturity date of the loan. In addition, the fixed rate debt includes mortgage notes assumed with an aggregate face amount of $40.7 million &#32;and an aggregate fair value of $39.4 million &#32;at the date of assumption. The fixed rate debt has interest rates ranging from 2.75% &#32;to 6.83% per annum. The variable rate debt has variable interest rates ranging from LIBOR plus 225 &#32;basis points to 325 &#32;basis points per annum. In addition, the construction facilities have interest rates ranging from LIBOR plus 235 &#32;basis points to 250 &#32;basis points per annum, with certain debt containing LIBOR floors. The debt outstanding matures on various dates from February 2013 through January 2023. The aggregate balance of gross real estate and related assets, net of gross intangible lease liabilities, securing the fixed and variable rate debt outstanding was $4.8 billion &#32;as of December 31, 2012 . Each of the mortgage notes payable is secured by the respective properties on which the debt was placed. As of December 31, 2012 , the Company had $89.8 million &#32;av ailable for borrowing under a senior unsecured credit facility (the ";Credit Facility";) based on the underlying collateral pool of $1.4 billion . The Credit Facility provides borrowings up to $857.5 million , which includes a $278.75 million &#32;term loan (the ";Term Loan";) and up to $578.75 million &#32;in revolving loans (the ";Revolving Loans";). The Credit Facility may be increased to a maximum of $950.0 million . Depending upon the type of loan specified and overall leverage ratio, the Revolving Loans bear interest at either LIBOR plus an interest rate spread ranging from 2.25% &#32;to 3.00% &#32;or a base rate plus an interest rate spread ranging from 1.25% &#32;to 2.00% . The base rate is greater of (1) LIBOR plus 1.00% , (2) Bank of America N.A.';s Prime Rate or (3) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50% . During the year ended December 31, 2011 , the Company executed two swap agreements associated with the Term Loan, which had the effect of fixing the variable interest rates per annum through the maturity date of the respective loan at 3.45% &#32;and 3.15% , respectively. The Revolving Loans and Term Loan had a combined weighted average interest rate of 3.37% &#32;as of December 31, 2012 . The Repurchase Agreements have interest rates ranging from LIBOR plus 120 &#32;basis points to 175 &#32;basis points and mature on various dates from January 2013 &#32;through March 2013 . Upon maturity, the Company may elect to renew the Repurchase Agreements for a period of 90 &#32;days until the CMBS mature. The CMBS have a weighted average remaining term of 9.5 &#32;years. Under the Repurchase Agreements, the lender retains the right to mark the underlying collateral to fair value. A reduction in the value of the pledged assets would require the Company to provide additional collateral to fund margin calls. As of December 31, 2012 , the securities held as collateral had a fair value of $266.1 million &#32;and an amortized cost of $224.9 million . There was no cash collateral held by the counterparty as of December 31, 2012 . The Repurchase Agreements are being accounted for as secured borrowings because the Company maintains effective control of the financed assets. The Repurchase Agreements are non-recourse to the Company and CCPT III OP. F-26 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) The Credit Facility and certain notes payable contain customary affirmative, negative and financial covenants, representations, warranties and borrowing conditions. These agreements also include usual and customary events of default and remedies for facilities of this nature. Based on the Company';s analysis and review of its results of operations and financial condition, the Company believes it was in compliance with the covenants of the Credit Facility and such notes payable as of December 31, 2012 . The following table summarizes the scheduled aggregate principal repayments for the Company';s outstanding debt as of December 31, 2012 &#32;for each of the five succeeding fiscal years and the period thereafter: Year Ending December 31, Principal Repayments (1)(2) 2013 $ 164,330 2014 651,232 2015 337,704 2016 169,274 2017 190,666 Thereafter 1,779,782 Total $ 3,292,988 ________________ (1) Assumes the Company accepts the interest rates that one &#32;lender may reset on September 1, 2013 and February 1, 2015, respectively, related to mortgage notes payable of $30.0 million &#32;and $32.0 million , respectively. (2) Principal payment amounts reflect actual payments based on the face amount of notes payable secured by the Company';s wholly-owned properties and Consolidated Joint Ventures. As of December 31, 2012 , the fair value adjustment, net of amortization, of mortgage notes assumed was $940,000 . NOTE 12 -- ACQUIRED BELOW MARKET LEASE INTANGIBLES Acquired below market lease intangibles consisted of the following (in thousands): As of December 31, 2012 2011 Acquired below market leases, net of accumulated amortization of $16,389 and $8,782, respectively (with a weighted average life of 10.6 and 14.1 years, respectively) $ 113,607 $ 93,050 The increase in rental and other property income resulting from the amortization of the intangible lease liability for the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 &#32;was $9.0 million , $5.1 million &#32;and $2.1 million , respectively. Estimated amortization of the intangible lease liability, excluding the below market lease intangibles related to the Held for Sale Properties, as of December 31, 2012 &#32;for each of the five succeeding fiscal years is as follows (in thousands): Year Ending December 31, Amortization of Below Market Leases 2013 $ 10,363 2014 $ 10,106 2015 $ 9,859 2016 $ 9,537 2017 $ 8,894 F-27 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) NOTE 13 -- SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURES Supplemental cash flow disclosures for the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 &#32;are as follows (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2012 2011 2010 Supplemental Disclosures of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: Distributions declared and unpaid $ 26,399 $ 20,858 $ 14,448 Fair value of mortgage notes assumed in real estate acquisitions at date of assumption $ 24,000 $ 4,863 $ 10,577 Common stock issued through distribution reinvestment plan $ 169,079 $ 110,093 $ 65,174 Net unrealized loss on interest rate swaps $ (6,217 ) $ (18,904 ) $ (7,035 ) Unrealized gain on marketable securities $ 53,664 $ 1,335 $ -- Earnout liabilities recorded upon property acquisitions $ 6,460 $ 5,519 $ -- Accrued expenditures $ 10,667 $ 2,864 $ 1,743 Notes payable assumed by buyer in real estate disposition $ 24,250 $ -- $ -- Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures: Interest paid, net of capitalized interest of $299, $48 and $26, respectively $ 121,211 $ 75,945 $ 20,627 NOTE 14-- COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Litigation In the ordinary course of business, the Company may become subject to litigation or claims. As of December 31, 2012 , the Company was not aware of any pending legal proceedings of which the outcome is reasonably possible to have a material effect on its results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. Purchase Commitments As of December 31, 2012 , the Company owned one &#32;land parcel, upon which an office building is being developed. Based on budgeted construction costs, the cost to complete the facility is estimated to be $45.8 million . The construction is being funded by a &#32;construction loan facility totaling $33.8 million . As of December 31, 2012 , the Company had incurred $40.2 million &#32;in construction costs and $19.9 million &#32;was outstanding under the construction facility. Additionally, the Company had properties subject to earnout provisions obligating it to pay additional consideration to the seller contingent on the future leasing and occupancy of vacant space at the properties, as discussed in Note 4 to these consolidated financial statements. Environmental Matters In connection with the ownership and operation of real estate, the Company potentially may be liable for costs and damages related to environmental matters. The Company owns certain properties that are subject to environmental remediation. In each case, the seller of the property, the tenant of the property and/or another third party has been identified as the responsible party for environmental remediation costs related to the respective property. Additionally, in connection with the purchase of certain of the properties, the respective sellers and/or tenants have indemnified the Company against future remediation costs. In addition, the Company carries environmental liability insurance on its properties that provides limited coverage for remediation liability and pollution liability for third-party bodily injury and property damage claims. Accordingly, the Company does not believe that it is reasonably possible that the environmental matters identified at such properties will have a material effect on its results of operations, financial condition or liquidity, nor is it aware of any environmental matters at other properties which it believes are reasonably possible to have a material effect on its results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. F-28 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) NOTE 15 -- RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND ARRANGEMENTS The Company has incurred commissions, fees and expenses payable to CR III Advisors or its affiliates in connection with the Offerings, and has incurred and will continue to incur commissions, fees and expenses in connection with the acquisition, management and sale of the assets of the Company. Offerings In connection with the Initial Offering and Follow-on Offering, Cole Capital Corporation (";Cole Capital";), the Company';s dealer manager, which is affiliated with our advisor, received a selling commission of up to 7% &#32;of gross offering proceeds, before reallowance of commissions earned by participating broker-dealers. Cole Capital reallowed 100% &#32;of selling commissions earned to participating broker-dealers. In addition, Cole Capital received 2% &#32;of gross offering proceeds, before reallowance to participating broker-dealers, as a dealer manager fee in connection with the Initial Offering and Follow-on Offering. Cole Capital, in its sole discretion, reallowed a portion of its dealer manager fee to such participating broker-dealers as a marketing and due diligence expense reimbursement, based on factors such as the volume of shares sold by such participating broker-dealers and the amount of marketing support provided by such participating broker-dealers. No selling commissions or dealer manager fees were paid to Cole Capital or any other broker-dealers with respect to shares sold under the Company';s DRIP. All other organization and offering expenses associated with the sale of the Company';s common stock (excluding selling commissions and the dealer manager fee) were paid by CR III Advisors or its affiliates and were reimbursed by the Company up to 1.5% &#32;of aggregate gross offering proceeds. A portion of the other organization and offering expenses may be underwriting compensation. The Company recorded commissions, fees and expense reimbursements as shown in the table below for services provided by CR III Advisors and its affiliates related to the services described above during the years indicated (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2012 2011 2010 Offering: Selling commissions $ 56,264 $ 88,660 $ 98,980 Selling commissions reallowed by Cole Capital $ 56,264 $ 88,660 $ 98,980 Dealer manager fee $ 16,662 $ 25,890 $ 28,773 Dealer manager fee reallowed by Cole Capital $ 8,446 $ 13,089 $ 14,485 Other organization and offering expenses $ 13,188 $ 21,572 $ 14,013 Acquisitions and Operations CR III Advisors or its affiliates also receive acquisition and advisory fees of up to 2% &#32;of the contract purchase price of each asset for the acquisition, development or construction of properties and will be reimbursed for acquisition expenses incurred in the process of acquiring properties, so long as the total acquisition fees and expenses relating to the transaction does not exceed 6% &#32;of the contract purchase price. The Company paid, and expects to continue to pay, CR III Advisors a monthly asset management fee of 0.0417% , which is one-twelfth of 0.5% , of the Company';s average invested assets for that month (the ";Asset Management Fee";). The Company will reimburse costs and expenses incurred by CR III Advisors in providing asset management services. The Company paid, and expects to continue to pay, Cole Realty Advisors, Inc. (";Cole Realty Advisors";), its property manager, which is affiliated with our advisor, fees for the management and leasing of the Company';s properties. Property management fees are up to 2% &#32;of gross revenue for single-tenant properties and 4% &#32;of gross revenue for multi-tenant properties and leasing commissions will be at prevailing market rates; provided however, that the aggregate of all property management and leasing fees paid to affiliates of our advisor plus all payments to third parties will not exceed the amount that other nonaffiliated management and leasing companies generally charge for similar services in the same geographic location. Cole Realty Advisors may subcontract its duties for a fee that may be less than the fee provided for in the property management agreement. The Company reimburses Cole Realty Advisors'; costs of managing and leasing the properties. F-29 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) The Company reimburses CR III Advisors for all expenses it paid or incurred in connection with the services provided to the Company, subject to the limitation that the Company will not reimburse CR III Advisors for any amount by which its operating expenses (including the Asset Management Fee) at the end of the four &#32;preceding fiscal quarters exceeds the greater of (1) 2% &#32;of average invested assets, or (2) 25% &#32;of net income other than any additions to reserves for depreciation, bad debts or other similar non-cash reserves and excluding any gain from the sale of assets for that period, unless the Company';s independent directors find that a higher level of expense is justified for that year based on unusual and non-recurring factors. The Company will not reimburse CR III Advisors for personnel costs in connection with services for which CR III Advisors receives acquisition fees and real estate commissions. If CR III Advisors, or its affiliates, provides substantial services, as determined by the independent directors, in connection with the origination or refinancing of any debt financing obtained by the Company that is used to acquire properties or to make other permitted investments, or that is assumed, directly or indirectly, in connection with the acquisition of properties, the Company will pay CR III Advisors or its affiliates a financing coordination fee equal to 1% &#32;of the amount available and/or outstanding under such financing; provided however, that CR III Advisors or its affiliates shall not be entitled to a financing coordination fee in connection with the refinancing of any loan secured by any particular property that was previously subject to a refinancing in which CR III Advisors or its affiliates received such a fee. Financing coordination fees payable from loan proceeds from permanent financing will be paid to CR III Advisors or its affiliates as the Company acquires and/or assumes such permanent financing. With respect to any revolving line of credit, no financing coordination fees will be paid on loan proceeds from any line of credit unless all net offering proceeds received as of the date proceeds from the line of credit are drawn for the purpose of acquiring assets have been invested. In addition, with respect to any revolving line of credit, CR III Advisors or its affiliates will receive financing coordination fees only in connection with amounts being drawn for the first time and not upon any re-drawing of amounts that had been repaid by the Company. The Company recorded fees and expense reimbursements as shown in the table below for services provided by CR III Advisors and its affiliates related to the services described above during the years indicated (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2012 2011 2010 Acquisitions and Operations: Acquisition fees and expenses $ 50,615 $ 49,888 $ 48,802 Asset management fees and expenses $ 32,416 $ 20,317 $ 8,187 Property management and leasing fees and expenses $ 14,876 $ 9,437 $ 3,811 Operating expenses $ 3,193 $ 2,324 $ 1,642 Financing coordination fees $ 11,078 $ 14,920 $ 9,512 Liquidation/Listing If CR III Advisors, or its affiliates, provides a substantial amount of services, as determined by the Company';s independent directors, in connection with the sale of one or more properties, the Company will pay CR III Advisors or its affiliates up to one-half of the brokerage commission paid, but in no event to exceed an amount equal to 3% &#32;of the sales price of each property sold. In no event will the combined real estate commission paid to CR III Advisors, its affiliates and unaffiliated third parties exceed 6% &#32;of the contract sales price. In addition, after investors have received a return of their net capital contributions and an 8% &#32;cumulative, non-compounded annual return, then CR III Advisors is entitled to receive 15% &#32;of the remaining net sale proceeds. Upon listing of the Company';s common stock on a national securities exchange, a fee equal to 15% &#32;of the amount by which the market value of the Company';s outstanding stock plus all distributions paid by the Company prior to listing, exceeds the sum of the total amount of capital raised from investors and the amount of cash flow necessary to generate an 8% &#32;cumulative, non-compounded annual return to investors will be paid to CR III Advisors (the ";Subordinated Incentive Listing Fee";). However, Holdings has agreed, as part of the Merger, to a 25% reduction from the amount payable under the advisory agreement as a result of a listing of the Company';s common stock. F-30 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) Upon termination of the advisory agreement with CR III Advisors, other than termination by the Company because of a material breach of the advisory agreement by CR III Advisors, a performance fee of 15% &#32;of the amount, if any, by which the appraised asset value at the time of such termination plus total distributions paid to stockholders through the termination date exceeds the aggregate capital contribution contributed by investors less distributions from sale proceeds plus payment to investors of an 8% &#32;annual, cumulative, non-compounded return on capital. No subordinated performance fee will be paid to the extent that the Company has already paid or become obligated to pay CR III Advisors a subordinated participation in net sale proceeds or the Subordinated Incentive Listing Fee. During the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , no commissions or fees were incurred for services provided by CR III Advisors and its affiliates related to the services described above. Due to Affiliates As of December 31, 2012 , $4.5 million &#32;had been incurred primarily for services relating to the management of the Company';s properties by CR III Advisors and its affiliates, but had not yet been reimbursed by the Company and were included in due to affiliates on the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2011 , $4.8 million &#32;had been incurred primarily for other organization and offering, operating and acquisition expenses, by CR III Advisors and its affiliates, but had not yet been reimbursed by the Company and were included in due to affiliates on the consolidated balance sheets. Transactions &#32;On March 5, 2012, we entered in the Merger Agreement. See Note 2 for a further explanation of the Merger. NOTE 16 -- ECONOMIC DEPENDENCY Under various agreements, the Company has engaged or will engage CR III Advisors and its affiliates to provide certain services that are essential to the Company, including asset management services, supervision of the management and leasing of properties owned by the Company, asset acquisition and disposition decisions, the sale of shares of the Company';s common stock available for issuance, as well as other administrative responsibilities for the Company including accounting services and investor relations. As a result of these relationships, the Company is dependent upon CR III Advisors and its affiliates. In the event that these companies are unable to provide the Company with these services, the Company would be required to find alternative providers of these services. NOTE 17 -- STOCKHOLDERS'; EQUITY Distribution Reinvestment Plan Pursuant to the DRIP, the Company allows stockholders of its common stock to elect to have the distributions the stockholders receive reinvested in additional shares of the Company';s common stock. The purchase price per share under the amended and restated DRIP will be $9.50 &#32;per share until the Company';s board of directors determines a reasonable estimate of the value of the Company';s shares. Thereafter, the purchase price per share under the Company';s DRIP will be the most recently disclosed per share value as determined in accordance with the Company';s valuation policy. No sales commissions or dealer manager fees will be paid on shares sold under the DRIP. The Company';s board of directors may terminate or amend the DRIP at the Company';s discretion at any time upon 10 &#32;days prior written notice to the stockholders. During the years ended &#32; December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , approximately 17.8 million &#32;shares and approximately 11.6 million &#32;shares were purchased under the DRIP for $169.1 million &#32;and $110.1 million , respectively, which were recorded as redeemable common stock on the consolidated balance sheets, net of redemptions paid of $68.6 million &#32;and $41.9 million , respectively. The Company will continue to issue shares of common stock under the DRIP Offering until such time as the Company';s shares are listed on a national securities exchange or the DRIP Offering is otherwise terminated by the Company';s board of directors. F-31 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) Share Redemption Program The Company';s share redemption program permits its stockholders to sell their shares back to the Company after they have held them for at least one &#32;year, subject to the significant conditions and limitations described below. There are several restrictions on a stockholder';s ability to sell their shares to the Company under the program. The stockholders generally have to hold their shares for one &#32;year in order to participate in the program; however, the Company may waive the one &#32;year holding period in the event of the death or bankruptcy of a stockholder. In addition, the Company will limit the number of shares redeemed pursuant to the Company';s share redemption program as follows: (1) the redemptions are limited to 5% &#32;of the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the trailing twelve &#32;months prior to the end of the fiscal quarter for which redemptions are being paid (the ";Trailing Twelve-month Cap";) (provided, however, that while shares subject to a redemption requested upon death of a stockholder will be included in calculating the maximum number of shares that may be redeemed, such shares will not be subject to the Trailing Twelve-month Cap); and (2) funding for the redemption of shares will be limited to the net proceeds the Company receives from the sale of shares under the DRIP. In an effort to accommodate redemption requests throughout the calendar year, the Company limits quarterly redemptions to approximately 1.25% &#32;of the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the trailing twelve-month period ending on the last day of the fiscal quarter, and funding for redemptions for each quarter generally will be limited to the net proceeds the Company receives from the sale of shares in the respective quarter under the DRIP (provided, however, that while shares subject to a redemption requested upon the death of a stockholder will be included in calculating the maximum number of shares that may be redeemed, such shares will not be subject to the quarterly percentage caps); however, the Company';s board of directors may waive these quarterly limitations in its sole discretion, subject to the Trailing Twelve-month Cap. During the term of the Offering and until such time as the Company';s board of directors determines a reasonable estimate of the value of the Company';s shares, the redemption price per share (other than for shares purchased pursuant to the DRIP) will depend on the length of time the stockholder has held such shares as follows: after one year from the purchase date-- 95% &#32;of the amount the stockholder paid for each share; after two years from the purchase date-- 97.5% &#32;of the amount the stockholder paid for each share; after three years from the purchase date-- 100% &#32;of the amount the stockholder paid for each share. During this time period, the redemption price for shares purchased pursuant to the DRIP will be the amount paid for such shares. Upon receipt of a request for redemption, the Company may conduct a Uniform Commercial Code search to ensure that no liens are held against the shares. The Company';s share redemption program provides that repurchases will be made no later than the end of the month following the end of each fiscal quarter. If the Company cannot purchase all shares presented for redemption in any fiscal quarter, it will give priority to the redemption of deceased stockholders'; shares. The Company next will give priority to requests for full redemption of accounts with a balance of 250 &#32;shares or less at the time the Company receives the request, in order to reduce the expense of maintaining small accounts. Thereafter, the Company will honor the remaining redemption requests on a pro rata basis. The Company';s board of directors may amend, suspend or terminate the share redemption program at any time upon 30 days prior written notice to the stockholders. During the years ended December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , the Company redeemed approximately 7.0 million &#32;and approximately 4.3 million &#32;shares under the share redemption program for $68.6 million &#32;and $41.9 million , respectively. NOTE 18 -- INCOME TAXES For federal income tax purposes, distributions to stockholders are characterized as ordinary dividends, capital gain distributions, or nontaxable distributions. Nontaxable distributions will reduce U.S. stockholders'; basis (but not below zero) in their shares. The following table shows the character of distributions the Company paid on a percentage basis during the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 . Year Ended December 31, Character of Distributions (unaudited): 2012 2011 2010 Ordinary dividends 52 % 61 % 55 % Capital gain distributions 15 % -- % -- % Nontaxable distributions 33 % 39 % 45 % Total 100 % 100 % 100 % As of December 31, 2012 , the tax basis carrying value of the Company';s land and depreciable real estate assets was $6.7 billion . During the years ended December 31, 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , the Company incurred state and local income and franchise taxes of $1.8 million , $1.3 million &#32;and $780,000 , respectively, which were recorded in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. F-32 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) NOTE 19 -- OPERATING LEASES The Company';s properties are leased to tenants under operating leases for which the terms and expirations vary. The leases frequently have provisions to extend the lease agreement and other terms and conditions as negotiated. The Company retains substantially all of the risks and benefits of ownership of the real estate assets leased to tenants. As of December 31, 2012 , the weighted average remaining lease term, including the Consolidated Joint Ventures'; leases, was 12.7 &#32;years. The future minimum rental income from the Company';s investment in real estate assets under non-cancelable operating leases, excluding the operating leases related to the Held for Sale Properties, as of December 31, 2012 &#32;is as follows (in thousands): Year Ending December 31, Amount 2013 $ 560,733 2014 554,263 2015 549,491 2016 535,888 2017 523,321 Thereafter 4,411,626 Total $ 7,135,322 NOTE 20 -- QUARTERLY RESULTS (UNAUDITED) Presented below is a summary of the unaudited quarterly financial information for the years ended December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 &#32;(in thousands, except for per share amounts). In the opinion of management, the information for the interim periods presented includes all adjustments which are of a normal and recurring nature, necessary to present a fair presentation of the results for each period. In addition, the Company has adjusted the information for discontinued operations. 2012 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter Revenues $ 114,175 $ 132,591 $ 143,529 $ 152,647 Operating income $ 41,205 $ 49,216 $ 59,768 $ 58,695 Net income $ 35,950 $ 23,090 $ 18,570 $ 125,828 (2) Net income attributable to the Company $ 35,937 $ 23,223 $ 18,567 $ 125,611 (2) Basic and diluted net income per common share (1) $ 0.08 $ 0.05 $ 0.04 $ 0.27 Basic and diluted net income attributable to the Company per common share (1) $ 0.08 $ 0.05 $ 0.04 $ 0.27 Distributions declared per common share $ 0.16 $ 0.16 $ 0.16 $ 0.16 ________________ &#32;(1) Based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding as of December 31, 2012 . &#32;(2) Net income for the fourth quarter of 2012 &#32;includes a gain on sale of marketable securities of $12.5 million &#32;and a gain on sale of real estate of $108.5 million . F-33 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) 2011 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter Revenues $ 61,312 $ 70,944 $ 86,912 $ 104,812 Operating income $ 23,750 $ 23,724 $ 19,560 $ 41,833 Net income $ 14,548 $ 10,491 $ 1,282 $ 19,450 Net income attributable to the Company $ 14,260 $ 10,480 $ 1,271 $ 19,285 Basic and diluted net income per common share (1) $ 0.05 $ 0.03 $ 0.00 $ 0.07 Basic and diluted net income attributable to the Company per common share (1) $ 0.05 $ 0.03 $ 0.00 $ 0.07 Distributions declared per common share $ 0.16 $ 0.16 $ 0.16 $ 0.17 ________________ &#32;(1) Based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding as of December 31, 2011 . NOTE 21 -- SUBSEQUENT EVENTS Issuance of Shares of Common Stock in the DRIP Offering The Company continues to issue shares of common stock under the DRIP Offering. As of March 26, 2013 , the Company had issued, approximately 17.0 million shares pursuant to the DRIP Offering, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $161.8 million . Redemption of Shares of Common Stock Subsequent to December 31, 2012 , the Company redeemed approximately 2.8 million &#32;shares for $27.8 million &#32;at an average price per share of $9.80 . Entry into the Merger Agreement Subsequent to December 31, 2012 , the Company entered into the Merger Agreement, as discussed in Note 2 to these consolidated financial statements. Entry into Employment Agreements with Key Personnel Subsequent to December 31, 2012 , we, along with CCPT III OP, entered into employment agreements with each of Christopher H. Cole and Marc T. Nemer, to become effective as of the date of consummation of the Merger. The amounts to be paid pursuant to the employment agreements are for future services to be rendered to the Company and are not part of the Merger consideration. Under Mr. Cole';s employment agreement, upon the consummation of the Merger, Mr. Cole, the current chairman of the Board and chief executive officer and president of the Company, will serve as executive chairman of the Board, reporting to the Board, and will no longer serve as the chief executive officer and president of the Company. Under Mr. Nemer';s employment agreement, upon the consummation of the Merger, Mr. Nemer, a current director of the Company, will continue to be a director and will assume the positions of chief executive officer and president of the Company. The employment agreements provide the executives with compensation for their services rendered after the consummation of the Merger and provide incentives to reward outstanding future performance. The term of each employment agreement ends on December 31, 2016 and will be automatically renewed for annual terms thereafter unless earlier terminated by the Company or the executive. F-34 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) Legal Proceedings In connection with the Merger, on March 20, 2013, a putative class action and derivative lawsuit was filed in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland against and purportedly on behalf of the Company captioned Strub, et al. v. Cole Holdings Corporation, et al. (";Strub";) . The complaint names as defendants Holdings; CR III Advisors; Merger Sub; Cole Capital Advisors, Inc., Equity Fund Advisors, Inc. (an affiliate of Holdings), Cole Capital, and Cole Realty Advisors, Inc. (together, ";Cole Holding Entities";); each of the directors of the Company; and the Company. Strub &#32;alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties and duties of loyalty, candor and due care by causing the Company to enter into the Merger Agreement, failing to implement appropriate measures to ensure that the Company';s relationship with CR III Advisors did not become a vehicle for wrongful self-dealing, failing to consider and explore strategic alternatives to the Merger, failing to seek stockholder approval for the Merger, and by engaging in self-interested and otherwise conflicted actions. It also alleges that the Merger Sub and Cole Holdings Entities aided and abetted those breaches of fiduciary duty, and that Messrs. Cole and Nemer will be unjustly enriched by and following the Merger. Strub &#32;seeks a declaration that the conduct of the defendants is a breach of fiduciary duty or aiding and abetting such breaches and that the Merger Agreement is null and void; an order requiring stockholder approval of any acquisition of CR III Advisors or any Cole Holdings Entities; awarding damages and restitution, and disgorgement by each director; an award of plaintiffs'; reasonable attorneys'; fees, expert fees, interest, and cost of suit, and other relief. On March 28, 2013, Strub sought an injunction against the Merger closing until stockholder approval is obtained. The defendants intend to oppose that application. &#32;In addition, on March 25, 2013, a putative class action lawsuit was filed in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland captioned Rodgers v. Cole Credit Property Trust III, et al. (";Rodgers";). &#32;This complaint names as defendants the Company; Cole REIT III Operating Partnership, LP (";CCPT III OP";); CR III Advisors; Merger Sub; and each of the Company';s directors. Rodgers &#32;alleges that the Company';s directors breached their fiduciary duties by entering into the Merger Agreement, failing to provide transparency and a stockholder vote, structuring the transaction to prevent other potential buyers from buying the Company, and failing to disclose to stockholders a third party';s interest in acquiring the Company. It also alleges that CR III Advisors breached its fiduciary duty by ignoring and failing to disclose a third party offer; and that the Company, CCPT III OP, Merger Sub, and the directors aided and abetted the alleged breach of fiduciary duty by CR III Advisors. Rodgers &#32;seeks a declaration that the defendants have committed a gross abuse of trust and have breached and/or aided and abetted breach of fiduciary duties; that the Merger is therefore unlawful and unenforceable, and that the Merger and any related agreements should be rescinded and invalidated; declaring that the Merger and Merger Agreement should be rescinded and parties restored to their original position; imposing a constructive trust in favor of the plaintiff and class on any benefits, property or value improperly received by, traceable to, or in possession of defendants as a result of wrongful conduct; enjoining defendants from consummating the Merger until the Company has a process to obtain a merger agreement providing best possible terms to stockholders; rescinding the Merger to the extent implemented or granting rescissory damages; directing the directors to account to plaintiff and class for damages as a result of their wrongdoing; awarding compensatory damages and interest; awarding costs, including reasonable attorneys'; and experts'; fees; and granting further equitable relief that is deemed just and proper. The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted at this time and no provisions for losses, if any, have been recorded in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Unsolicited Proposal On March 19, 2013, the Company';s board of directors received an unsolicited proposal from American Realty Capital Properties, Inc. (";ARCP";) to acquire the Company for a combination of cash and shares of ARCP common stock. The special committee of the Company';s board of directors, which consists of all of the independent directors of the Company (the ";Special Committee";), reviewed the unsolicited proposal from ARCP and determined that the proposed sale to ARCP would not be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Further, the Special Committee affirmed its commitment to the Merger. On March 27, 2013, the Company';s board of directors received a revised unsolicited proposal from ARCP to acquire the Company after the Merger, for a combination of cash and shares of ARCP common stock. The Special Committee is currently reviewing the revised proposal from ARCP. F-35 Table of Contents COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS &#8211; (Continued) Investment in Real Estate and Related Assets Subsequent to December 31, 2012 , the Company acquired a 100% &#32;interest in nine &#32;commercial real estate properties for an aggregate purchase price of $25.3 million . The acquisitions were funded with net proceeds from the DRIP Offering and the sale of properties and other investments. The Company has not completed its initial purchase price allocations with respect to these properties and therefore cannot provide similar disclosures to those included in Note 5 to these consolidated financial statements for these properties. Property Dispositions Subsequent to December 31, 2012 , the Company sold the Held for Sale Properties discussed in Note 9 to these consolidated financial statements for an aggregate sales price of $21.3 million , exclusive of closing costs. In addition, the Company sold eight &#32;additional properties for an aggregate sales price of $34.0 million , exclusive of closing costs. The purchase price of each property sold subsequent to December 31, 2012 &#32;was greater than the respective book value of each property. As of December 31, 2012 &#32;the potential buyers of these eight &#32;properties either had not been identified or there had not been a binding purchase and sale agreement entered into for the sale of these properties. Therefore, the Company believes that the sale of these properties was not considered to be probable, as such, the requirements under GAAP to treat the properties as held for sale were not met as of December 31, 2012 . Notes Payable and Other Borrowings Subsequent to December 31, 2012 , the Company entered into a loan agreement for $74.3 million &#32;secured by a commercial property with a purchase price of $135.0 million . In addition, the Company repaid $13.2 million &#32;of debt outstanding and $160.0 million &#32;under the Credit Facility. As of March 26, 2013 , the Company had $23.1 million &#32;outstanding under the construction facilities and $607.8 million &#32;outstanding under the Credit Facility. F-36 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Real Estate Held for Investment the Company has Invested in Under Operating Leases Aaron Rents Auburndale, FL $ 2,647 $ 1,224 $ 3,478 $ 1,273 $ 5,975 $ 307 3/31/2010 2009 Battle Creek, MI 407 228 485 -- 713 49 6/18/2009 1956 Benton Harbor, MI 401 261 385 -- 646 39 6/30/2009 1973 Bloomsburg, PA 400 152 770 -- 922 66 3/31/2010 2009 Bowling Green, OH 564 154 805 -- 959 66 3/31/2010 2009 Charlotte, NC 579 279 714 -- 993 54 3/31/2010 1994 Chattanooga, TN 490 587 384 -- 971 37 6/18/2009 1989 Columbia, SC 556 549 473 -- 1,022 46 6/18/2009 1977 Copperas Cove, TX 668 304 964 -- 1,268 90 6/30/2009 2007 El Dorado, AR 356 208 456 -- 664 43 6/30/2009 2000 Haltom City, TX 752 258 1,185 -- 1,443 107 6/30/2009 2008 Humble, TX 663 430 734 -- 1,164 69 5/29/2009 2008 Indianapolis, IN 436 170 654 -- 824 64 5/29/2009 1998 Kennett, MO 319 165 406 -- 571 31 3/31/2010 1999 Kent, OH 614 356 1,138 -- 1,494 116 3/31/2010 1999 Killeen , TX 1,558 608 2,241 -- 2,849 213 6/18/2009 1981 Kingsville, TX 599 369 770 -- 1,139 56 3/31/2010 2009 Lafayette, IN 550 249 735 -- 984 54 3/31/2010 1990 Livingston, TX 645 131 1,052 -- 1,183 96 6/18/2009 2008 Magnolia, MS 1,473 209 2,393 -- 2,602 208 3/31/2010 2000 Mansura, LA 254 54 417 (10 ) 461 39 6/18/2009 2000 Marion, SC 319 82 484 -- 566 35 3/31/2010 1998 Meadville, PA 512 168 841 -- 1,009 91 5/29/2009 1994 Mexia, TX 490 114 813 -- 927 76 5/29/2009 2007 Minden, LA 645 252 831 -- 1,083 78 5/29/2009 2008 Mission, TX 549 347 694 -- 1,041 51 3/31/2010 2009 North Olmsted, OH 449 151 535 -- 686 46 3/31/2010 1960 Odessa, TX 356 67 567 -- 634 53 5/29/2009 2006 Oneonta, AL 614 218 792 -- 1,010 66 3/31/2010 2008 Oxford , AL 356 263 389 -- 652 37 5/29/2009 1989 Pasadena, TX 659 377 787 -- 1,164 72 6/18/2009 2009 Pensacola, FL 347 263 423 -- 686 43 6/30/2009 1979 Port Lavaca, TX 534 128 894 -- 1,022 81 6/30/2009 2007 Redford, MI 434 215 477 -- 692 42 3/31/2010 1972 Richmond, VA 774 419 1,032 -- 1,451 94 6/30/2009 1988 Shawnee, OK 588 428 634 -- 1,062 60 5/29/2009 2008 Springdale, AR 624 500 655 -- 1,155 50 3/31/2010 2009 Statesboro, GA 579 311 734 -- 1,045 67 6/18/2009 2008 Texas City, TX 895 294 1,311 -- 1,605 115 8/31/2009 1991 Valley, AL 409 139 569 -- 708 48 3/31/2010 2009 Academy Sports Austin, TX 5,044 3,699 4,930 -- 8,629 305 8/26/2010 1988 Bossier City, LA 3,806 1,920 5,410 -- 7,330 495 6/19/2009 2008 Fort Worth, TX 3,414 1,871 4,117 -- 5,988 377 6/19/2009 2009 Killeen, TX 3,320 1,227 4,716 -- 5,943 340 4/29/2010 2009 Laredo, TX 3,961 2,133 4,839 -- 6,972 440 6/19/2009 2008 Montgomery, AL (f) 1,290 5,644 -- 6,934 526 6/19/2009 2009 Advanced Auto Appleton, WI (f) 393 904 -- 1,297 55 9/30/2010 2007 Bedford, IN 760 71 1,056 -- 1,127 55 1/4/2011 2007 Bethel, OH 730 276 889 -- 1,165 58 12/22/2010 2008 S-1 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Advanced Auto (continued) Bonita Springs, FL $ 1,561 $ 1,094 $ 1,134 $ -- $ 2,228 $ 69 9/22/2010 2007 Brownstown, MI (f) 771 924 -- 1,695 33 9/23/2011 2008 Candler, NC -- 343 1,007 -- 1,350 8 9/28/2012 2012 Canton, OH 660 343 870 -- 1,213 65 3/31/2010 2007 Charlotte, NC (f) 395 749 -- 1,144 32 5/12/2011 2001 Crestwood, KY 1,030 374 1,015 -- 1,389 55 12/22/2010 2009 Dayton, OH -- 605 918 -- 1,523 15 6/21/2012 2007 Deer Park, TX 739 219 1,131 -- 1,350 87 12/16/2009 2008 Delaware, OH 730 467 906 -- 1,373 72 3/31/2010 2008 Florence, KY -- 599 966 -- 1,565 16 6/21/2012 2008 Frankfort, KY (f) 660 786 -- 1,446 13 5/15/2012 2007 Franklin, IN 738 384 918 -- 1,302 57 8/12/2010 2010 Georgetown, KY -- 511 892 -- 1,403 15 5/15/2012 2007 Grand Rapids, MI 657 344 656 -- 1,000 42 8/12/2010 2008 Hillview, KY 740 302 889 -- 1,191 48 12/22/2010 2009 Holland, OH 668 126 1,050 -- 1,176 77 3/31/2010 2008 Houston (Aldine), TX 690 190 1,072 -- 1,262 83 12/16/2009 2006 Houston (Imperial), TX 623 139 995 -- 1,134 77 12/16/2009 2008 Houston (Wallisville), TX 757 140 1,245 -- 1,385 96 12/16/2009 2008 Howell, MI 830 639 833 -- 1,472 47 12/20/2010 2008 Humble, TX 757 292 1,086 -- 1,378 84 12/16/2009 2007 Huntsville, TX 619 134 1,046 -- 1,180 81 12/16/2009 2008 Janesville, WI 939 277 1,209 -- 1,486 73 9/30/2010 2007 Kingwood, TX 743 183 1,183 -- 1,366 91 12/16/2009 2009 Lehigh Acres, FL 1,425 582 1,441 -- 2,023 77 12/21/2010 2008 Lubbock, TX 579 88 1,012 -- 1,100 78 12/16/2009 2008 Massillon, OH (f) 270 1,210 -- 1,480 50 6/21/2011 2007 Milwaukee, WI (f) 507 1,107 -- 1,614 45 6/10/2011 2008 Mishawaka, IN -- 510 1,009 -- 1,519 14 6/21/2012 2007 Monroe, MI (f) 599 846 -- 1,445 36 6/21/2011 2007 Richmond, IN -- 365 1,379 -- 1,744 21 6/21/2012 2006 Rock Hill, SC (f) 345 589 -- 934 24 5/12/2011 1995 Romulus, MI (f) 537 1,021 -- 1,558 37 9/23/2011 2007 Salem, OH 660 254 869 -- 1,123 47 12/20/2010 2009 Sapulpa, OK 704 360 893 -- 1,253 54 8/3/2010 2007 South Lyon, MI (f) 569 898 -- 1,467 38 6/21/2011 2008 Spring, TX -- 409 1,143 -- 1,552 17 6/21/2012 2007 Sylvania, OH 639 115 983 -- 1,098 70 4/28/2010 2009 Twinsburg, OH 639 355 770 -- 1,125 57 3/31/2010 2008 Vermillion, OH (f) 270 722 -- 992 30 6/21/2011 2006 Washington Township, MI (f) 779 1,012 -- 1,791 36 9/23/2011 2008 Webster, TX 757 293 1,089 -- 1,382 84 12/16/2009 2008 AGCO Corporation Duluth, GA 8,600 2,785 12,570 9 15,364 427 12/21/2011 1998 Albertson';s Abilene, TX 3,981 1,085 4,871 -- 5,956 276 10/26/2010 2010 Albuquerque (Academy), NM 4,500 2,257 5,204 -- 7,461 353 10/26/2010 1997 Albuquerque (Lomas), NM 4,410 2,960 4,409 -- 7,369 314 10/26/2010 2003 Alexandria, LA 4,110 1,428 5,066 -- 6,494 287 10/26/2010 2000 Arlington, TX 4,206 984 5,732 -- 6,716 325 10/26/2010 2002 S-2 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Albertson';s (continued) Baton Rouge (Airline), LA $ 5,425 $ 2,200 $ 6,003 $ -- $ 8,203 $ 340 10/26/2010 2004 Baton Rouge (College), LA 3,931 1,733 4,615 -- 6,348 262 10/26/2010 2002 Baton Rouge (George), LA 4,731 2,023 5,273 -- 7,296 300 10/26/2010 2003 Bossier City, LA 3,599 2,006 4,000 -- 6,006 228 10/26/2010 2000 Clovis, NM 3,927 757 3,625 -- 4,382 252 10/26/2010 2010 Denver, CO 3,840 1,858 5,253 -- 7,111 296 10/26/2010 2002 Durango, CO 3,770 4,549 2,276 -- 6,825 131 10/26/2010 1993 El Paso, TX 4,438 1,341 4,206 -- 5,547 238 10/26/2010 2009 Farmington, NM 2,566 1,237 3,136 -- 4,373 233 10/26/2010 2002 Fort Collins, CO 4,328 1,362 6,186 -- 7,548 348 10/26/2010 2009 Fort Worth (Beach), TX 4,740 2,097 5,299 -- 7,396 299 10/26/2010 2009 Fort Worth (Clifford), TX 3,149 1,187 4,089 -- 5,276 232 10/26/2010 2002 Fort Worth (Oakmont), TX 3,553 1,859 4,200 -- 6,059 239 10/26/2010 2000 Fort Worth (Sycamore), TX 3,840 962 5,174 -- 6,136 293 10/26/2010 2010 Lafayette, LA 5,380 1,676 6,442 -- 8,118 365 10/26/2010 2002 Lake Havasu City, AZ 3,552 1,037 5,361 -- 6,398 311 10/26/2010 2003 Las Cruces, NM (f) 1,567 5,581 -- 7,148 323 1/28/2011 1997 Los Lunas, NM 4,083 1,236 4,976 -- 6,212 333 10/26/2010 2003 Mesa, AZ 3,034 1,739 3,748 -- 5,487 228 9/29/2010 1997 Midland, TX 5,640 1,470 5,129 -- 6,599 293 10/26/2010 2000 Odessa, TX 5,080 1,201 4,425 -- 5,626 253 10/26/2010 2008 Phoenix, AZ 3,500 2,241 4,086 -- 6,327 249 9/29/2010 1998 Scottsdale, AZ 5,672 2,932 7,046 -- 9,978 407 10/26/2010 2002 Silver City, NM 3,560 647 3,987 -- 4,634 267 10/26/2010 1995 Tucson (Grant), AZ 2,721 1,464 3,456 -- 4,920 203 10/26/2010 1994 Tucson (Silverbell), AZ 5,430 2,649 7,001 -- 9,650 419 9/29/2010 2000 Weatherford, TX 3,934 1,686 4,836 -- 6,522 274 10/26/2010 2001 Yuma, AZ 4,395 1,320 6,597 -- 7,917 379 10/26/2010 2004 Amazon Charleston, TN 38,500 2,265 44,536 -- 46,801 846 4/30/2012 2011 Chattanooga, TN 40,800 1,768 46,969 -- 48,737 893 4/30/2012 2011 West Columbia, SC 41,900 3,062 47,338 -- 50,400 900 4/30/2012 2012 Applebee';s Adrian, MI (f) 312 1,537 -- 1,849 87 10/13/2010 1995 Bartlett, TN (f) 674 874 -- 1,548 50 10/13/2010 1990 Chambersburg, PA (f) 709 983 -- 1,692 56 10/13/2010 1995 Elizabeth City, NC (f) 392 1,282 -- 1,674 91 3/31/2010 1997 Farmington, MO (f) 360 1,483 -- 1,843 105 3/31/2010 1999 Horn Lake, MS (f) 646 813 -- 1,459 46 10/13/2010 1994 Joplin, MO (f) 578 1,290 -- 1,868 92 3/31/2010 1994 Kalamazoo, MI (f) 562 1,288 -- 1,850 73 10/13/2010 1994 Lufkin, TX (f) 617 1,106 -- 1,723 63 10/13/2010 1998 Madisonville, KY (f) 521 1,166 -- 1,687 83 3/31/2010 1997 Marion, IL (f) 429 1,165 -- 1,594 83 3/31/2010 1998 Memphis, TN (f) 779 1,112 -- 1,891 79 3/31/2010 1999 Norton, VA (f) 530 928 -- 1,458 52 10/13/2010 2006 Owatonna, MN (f) 590 1,439 -- 2,029 82 10/13/2010 1996 Rolla, MO (f) 569 1,370 -- 1,939 97 3/31/2010 1997 Swansea, IL (f) 559 1,036 -- 1,595 59 10/13/2010 1998 S-3 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Applebee';s (continued) Tyler, TX $ (f) $ 852 $ 1,418 $ -- $ 2,270 $ 81 10/13/2010 1993 Vincennes, IN (f) 383 1,248 -- 1,631 89 3/31/2010 1995 West Memphis, AR (f) 518 829 -- 1,347 47 10/13/2010 2006 Wytheville, VA (f) 419 959 -- 1,378 55 10/13/2010 1997 Apollo Group Phoenix, AZ 79,000 13,270 123,533 -- 136,803 5,779 3/24/2011 2008 AT&T Dallas, TX 17,350 887 24,073 -- 24,960 2,234 5/28/2010 2001 Atascocita Commons Humble, TX 28,250 13,051 39,287 (7 ) 52,331 2,663 6/29/2010 2008 Autozone Blanchester, OH 535 160 755 -- 915 57 6/9/2010 2008 Hamilton, OH 814 610 760 -- 1,370 58 6/9/2010 2008 Hartville, OH 614 111 951 -- 1,062 68 7/14/2010 2007 Hernando, MS -- 111 712 -- 823 10 6/11/2012 2003 Mount Orab, OH 679 306 833 -- 1,139 62 6/9/2010 2009 Nashville, TN 861 441 979 -- 1,420 66 6/9/2010 2009 Pearl River, LA 719 193 1,046 -- 1,239 68 6/30/2010 2007 Rapid City, SD 571 365 839 -- 1,204 58 6/30/2010 2008 Trenton, OH 504 288 598 -- 886 45 6/9/2010 2008 Banner Life Urbana, MD 19,600 3,730 29,863 -- 33,593 1,364 6/2/2011 2011 Belleview Plaza Pensacola, FL 4,145 1,033 6,039 237 7,309 183 12/13/2011 2009 Benihana Alpharetta, GA -- 625 1,033 -- 1,658 10 8/21/2012 2003 Anchorage, AK -- 1,399 1,921 -- 3,320 19 8/21/2012 1998 Dallas, TX -- 3,049 661 -- 3,710 7 8/21/2012 1975 Farmington Hills, MI -- 1,413 2,699 -- 4,112 27 8/21/2012 2012 Maple Grove, MN -- 1,279 2,419 -- 3,698 23 8/21/2012 2006 North Bay Village, FL -- 2,763 1,015 -- 3,778 10 8/21/2012 1972 Schaumburg, IL -- 1,876 1,275 -- 3,151 15 8/21/2012 1992 Stuart, FL -- 2,059 1,227 -- 3,286 12 8/21/2012 1976 Wheeling, IL -- 776 805 -- 1,581 9 8/21/2012 2001 Best Buy Bourbannais, IL (f) 1,181 3,809 -- 4,990 380 8/31/2009 1991 Coral Springs, FL 3,400 2,654 2,959 -- 5,613 278 8/31/2009 1993 Indianapolis, IN (f) 808 3,468 -- 4,276 139 7/20/2011 2009 Kenosha, WI (f) 1,470 4,518 -- 5,988 176 7/12/2011 2008 Lakewood , CO -- 2,318 4,603 -- 6,921 422 8/31/2009 1990 Marquette, MI (f) 561 3,732 (2 ) 4,291 210 2/16/2011 2010 Montgomery, AL 3,148 986 4,116 -- 5,102 285 7/6/2010 2003 Norton Shores, MI (f) 1,323 3,489 -- 4,812 166 3/30/2011 2001 Pineville, NC 5,296 1,611 6,003 -- 7,614 339 12/28/2010 2003 Richmond, IN (f) 359 3,644 -- 4,003 138 7/27/2011 2011 Southaven, MS (f) 1,258 2,901 -- 4,159 108 9/26/2011 2007 Big O Tires Phoenix, AZ 782 554 731 -- 1,285 42 10/20/2010 2010 Bi-Lo Grocery Greenwood, SC (f) 189 3,288 -- 3,477 144 5/3/2011 1999 Mt. Pleasant, SC (f) 2,374 5,441 -- 7,815 234 5/3/2011 2003 S-4 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed BJ';s Wholesale Club Auburn, ME (f) $ 4,419 $ 8,603 $ -- $ 13,022 $ 397 9/30/2011 1995 Boynton Beach, FL (f) 6,320 9,164 -- 15,484 320 9/30/2011 2001 California (Lexington Park), MD (f) 5,347 10,404 -- 15,751 352 9/30/2011 2003 Deptford, NJ 11,004 1,764 13,244 -- 15,008 476 9/30/2011 1995 Greenfield, MA 8,416 2,796 9,060 -- 11,856 390 9/30/2011 1997 Jacksonville, FL (f) 4,840 13,342 -- 18,182 468 9/30/2011 2003 Lancaster, PA 13,621 3,586 14,934 -- 18,520 536 9/30/2011 1986 Leominster, MA (f) 5,227 13,147 -- 18,374 572 9/30/2011 1993 Pembroke Pines, FL 8,446 5,162 7,122 -- 12,284 251 9/30/2011 1997 Portsmouth, NH (f) 6,980 13,264 -- 20,244 613 9/30/2011 1993 Westminster, MD 13,978 5,712 13,238 -- 18,950 484 9/30/2011 2001 Uxbridge (DC), MA 12,645 2,778 24,514 -- 27,292 937 9/30/2011 2006 Bonefish Gainesville, VA (f) 1,234 1,491 -- 2,725 30 3/14/2012 2004 Independence, OH (f) 932 1,865 -- 2,797 38 3/14/2012 2006 Lakeland, FL (f) 767 1,484 -- 2,251 30 3/14/2012 2003 Breakfast Pointe Panama Beach City, FL 8,050 2,938 11,444 104 14,486 669 11/18/2010 2009 California Pizza Kitchen Alpharetta, GA (f) 1,322 2,224 -- 3,546 85 7/7/2011 1994 Atlanta, GA (f) 1,691 1,658 -- 3,349 63 7/7/2011 1993 Grapevine, TX (f) 1,271 1,742 -- 3,013 66 7/7/2011 1994 Schaumburg, IL (f) 1,283 2,175 -- 3,458 82 7/7/2011 1995 Scottsdale, AZ (f) 1,555 1,529 -- 3,084 58 7/7/2011 1994 Camp Creek Marketplace East Point, GA 42,000 5,907 63,695 463 70,065 3,005 5/13/2011 2003 Caremark Towers Glenview, IL 25,155 3,357 32,822 170 36,349 1,324 11/3/2011 1980 Cargill Blair, NE 2,515 263 4,160 -- 4,423 321 3/17/2010 2009 Carmax Austin, TX 9,900 3,268 15,016 -- 18,284 899 8/25/2010 2004 Henderson, NV (f) 3,092 12,994 -- 16,086 473 9/21/2011 2002 Carraba';s Bowie, MD (f) 1,664 1,673 -- 3,337 34 3/14/2012 2003 Brooklyn, OH (f) 1,002 1,686 -- 2,688 34 3/14/2012 2002 Columbia, SC (f) 1,257 1,482 -- 2,739 30 3/14/2012 2000 Duluth, GA (f) 1,290 1,884 -- 3,174 38 3/14/2012 2004 Johnson City, TN (f) 1,292 1,782 -- 3,074 36 3/14/2012 2003 Louisville, CO (f) 797 1,218 -- 2,015 25 3/14/2012 2000 Scottsdale, AZ (f) 953 1,002 -- 1,955 20 3/14/2012 2000 Tampa, FL (f) 1,795 1,366 -- 3,161 28 3/14/2012 1994 Washington Township, OH (f) 881 1,529 -- 2,410 31 3/14/2012 2001 Century Town Center Vero Beach, FL 8,130 4,142 8,549 309 13,000 399 6/9/2011 2008 Children';s Courtyard Grand Prairie, TX (f) 225 727 -- 952 38 12/15/2010 1999 Childtime Childcare Bedford, OH (f) 77 549 -- 626 30 12/15/2010 1979 Modesto (Floyd), CA (f) 265 685 -- 950 41 12/15/2010 1988 Oklahoma City (Rockwell), OK (f) 56 562 -- 618 30 12/15/2010 1986 &#32; S-5 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Childtime Childcare (continued) Oklahoma City (Western), OK $ (f) $ 77 $ 561 $ -- $ 638 $ 30 12/15/2010 1985 Chili';s Flanders, NJ 1,508 624 1,472 -- 2,096 95 6/30/2010 2003 Cigna Phoenix, AZ -- 5,359 15,568 -- 20,927 20 12/19/2012 2012 Plano, TX 31,400 7,782 38,237 -- 46,019 3,402 2/24/2010 2009 Cleveland Town Center Cleveland, TN -- 1,623 14,831 -- 16,454 455 12/20/2011 2008 CompUSA Arlington, TX 1,770 1,215 1,426 65 2,706 116 10/18/2010 1992 ConAgra Foods Milton, PA 16,245 3,404 22,867 209 26,480 947 6/14/2011 1991 Cost Plus La Quinta, CA -- 1,073 3,590 -- 4,663 4 12/31/2012 2007 Cracker Barrel Abilene, TX -- 1,110 1,666 -- 2,776 185 6/30/2009 2005 Bristol, VA -- 578 1,643 -- 2,221 182 6/30/2009 2006 Columbus, GA -- 1,002 1,535 -- 2,537 168 7/15/2009 2003 Fort Mill, SC -- 969 1,615 -- 2,584 178 6/30/2009 2006 Greensboro, NC -- 1,127 1,473 -- 2,600 164 6/30/2009 2005 Piedmont, SC -- 1,218 1,672 -- 2,890 185 6/30/2009 2005 Rocky Mount, SC -- 920 1,433 -- 2,353 161 6/30/2009 2006 San Antonio, TX -- 1,129 1,687 -- 2,816 186 6/30/2009 2005 Sherman, TX -- 1,217 1,579 -- 2,796 172 6/30/2009 2007 Waynesboro, VA -- 1,072 1,608 -- 2,680 177 6/30/2009 2004 Crossroads Marketplace Warner Robbins, GA (f) 2,128 8,517 20 10,665 264 12/20/2011 2008 CSAA Oklahoma City, OK (f) 2,861 23,059 -- 25,920 1,631 11/15/2010 2009 CVS Anderson, SC 1,166 618 1,231 -- 1,849 23 4/26/2012 1998 Athens, GA (f) 1,907 3,234 -- 5,141 170 12/14/2010 2009 Auburndale, FL 1,565 1,152 1,641 -- 2,793 89 11/1/2010 1999 Bellevue, OH 1,011 175 1,777 -- 1,952 51 11/4/2011 1998 Boca Raton, FL 2,625 -- 2,862 -- 2,862 150 12/14/2010 2009 Brownsville, TX (f) 1,156 3,114 -- 4,270 165 12/14/2010 2009 Cayce, SC (f) 1,639 2,548 -- 4,187 134 12/14/2010 2009 Charlotte, NC (f) 1,147 1,660 -- 2,807 74 4/26/2011 2008 Cherry Hill, NJ (f) 6,236 -- -- 6,236 -- 10/13/2011 (g) Chicago (W. 103rd St), IL (f) 980 5,670 -- 6,650 185 9/16/2011 2009 City of Industry, CA 2,500 -- 3,270 -- 3,270 171 12/14/2010 2009 Dolton, IL (f) 528 4,484 -- 5,012 175 7/8/2011 2008 Dover, DE 2,046 3,678 -- -- 3,678 -- 1/7/2011 (g) Eden, NC -- 830 1,277 -- 2,107 24 4/26/2012 1998 Edinburg, TX 2,003 1,133 2,327 -- 3,460 202 8/13/2009 2008 Edison, NJ (f) 3,159 -- -- 3,159 -- 4/13/2011 (g) Evansville, IN 1,850 355 2,255 -- 2,610 85 7/11/2011 2000 Fredericksburg, VA -- 1,936 3,737 -- 5,673 371 1/6/2009 2008 Ft. Myers, FL 3,025 2,412 2,586 -- 4,998 168 6/18/2010 2009 Gainesville, TX 2,215 432 2,350 -- 2,782 135 12/23/2010 2003 Greenville, SC 1,840 1,206 1,531 -- 2,737 28 4/26/2012 1998 S-6 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed CVS (continued) Gulf Breeze, FL $ 1,079 $ 1,843 $ -- $ -- $ 1,843 $ -- 10/12/2010 (g) Jacksonville, FL 3,715 2,552 3,441 -- 5,993 180 12/14/2010 2009 Kernersville, NC -- 905 1,209 -- 2,114 22 4/26/2012 1998 Lake Havasu City, AZ (f) 1,438 3,780 -- 5,218 126 9/16/2011 2008 Lake Wales, FL 1,625 1,173 1,715 -- 2,888 92 11/1/2010 1999 Lawrence, KS 2,908 1,080 3,491 -- 4,571 186 12/14/2010 2009 Lawrenceville, GA 2,940 2,387 2,117 -- 4,504 91 7/8/2011 2008 Lawrenceville, NJ 5,170 3,531 4,387 -- 7,918 230 12/14/2010 2009 Liberty, MO -- 1,506 2,508 -- 4,014 219 8/13/2009 2009 Lynchburg, VA 1,748 723 2,122 -- 2,845 134 10/12/2010 1999 Madison, NC 1,587 269 1,654 -- 1,923 31 4/26/2012 1998 Madison Heights, VA 1,592 863 1,726 -- 2,589 110 10/22/2010 1997 Meridianville, AL 1,990 1,021 2,454 -- 3,475 189 12/30/2009 2008 Mineola, NY 2,280 -- 3,166 -- 3,166 166 12/14/2010 2008 Minneapolis, MN (f) 260 4,447 -- 4,707 250 12/14/2010 2009 Mishawaka, IN 2,258 422 3,469 (8 ) 3,883 201 9/8/2010 2006 Moonville, SC 1,163 757 1,024 -- 1,781 19 4/26/2012 1998 Naples, FL 2,675 -- 2,943 -- 2,943 154 12/14/2010 2009 New Port Richey, FL 1,670 1,032 2,271 -- 3,303 161 3/26/2010 2004 Noblesville, IN -- 1,084 2,684 -- 3,768 233 8/13/2009 2009 Oak Forest, IL -- 1,235 2,731 -- 3,966 236 8/13/2009 2009 Oklahoma City, OK -- 752 1,228 -- 1,980 17 6/4/2012 1996 Phoenix, AZ (f) 2,051 4,087 -- 6,138 136 9/16/2011 2008 Ringgold, GA 1,948 961 2,418 -- 3,379 159 8/31/2010 2007 Sherman, TX (f) 935 2,646 -- 3,581 105 6/10/2011 1999 Southaven (Goodman), MS 4,270 1,489 3,503 -- 4,992 184 12/14/2010 2009 Southaven, MS 2,700 1,885 2,836 -- 4,721 248 7/31/2009 2009 Sparks, NV 2,711 2,100 2,829 -- 4,929 242 8/13/2009 2009 St. Augustine, FL (f) 1,283 3,364 -- 4,647 147 4/26/2011 2008 The Village, OK 3,425 1,039 2,472 -- 3,511 127 12/14/2010 2009 Titusville, PA (f) 849 1,499 -- 2,348 43 11/4/2011 1998 Warren, OH (f) 329 1,191 -- 1,520 36 11/4/2011 1998 Weaverville, NC 3,098 1,559 3,365 -- 4,924 199 9/30/2010 2009 CVS/Huntington Bank Northville, MI (f) 3,695 -- -- 3,695 -- 8/17/2011 (g) Dahl';s Supermarket Des Moines (Beaver), IA (f) 373 2,825 -- 3,198 128 6/15/2011 1985 Des Moines (Ingersoll), IA (f) 1,968 7,786 -- 9,754 318 6/15/2011 2011 Des Moines (Fleur), IA (f) 453 1,685 -- 2,138 77 6/15/2011 2002 Johnston, IA (f) 1,948 5,548 -- 7,496 231 6/15/2011 2000 Davita Dialysis Augusta, GA (f) 99 1,433 1 1,533 61 7/22/2011 2000 Casselberry, FL (f) 313 1,556 1 1,870 50 12/9/2011 2007 Douglasville, GA (f) 97 1,467 (1 ) 1,563 62 7/22/2011 2001 Ft. Wayne, IN (f) 252 2,305 -- 2,557 52 2/16/2012 2008 Grand Rapids, MI (f) 123 1,372 -- 1,495 79 4/19/2011 1997 Lawrenceville, NJ (f) 518 2,217 -- 2,735 48 3/23/2012 2009 Sanford, FL (f) 426 2,015 -- 2,441 66 12/19/2011 2005 Willow Grove, PA (f) 273 2,575 -- 2,848 92 10/28/2011 2010 Dell Perot Lincoln, NE (f) 1,607 17,059 -- 18,666 1,173 11/15/2010 2009 S-7 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Del Monte Plaza Reno, NV $ 9,953 $ 3,429 $ 12,252 $ 49 $ 15,730 $ 365 11/2/2011 2011 Denver West Plaza Lakewood , CO (f) 2,369 9,847 -- 12,216 410 7/22/2011 2002 Dick';s Sporting Goods Charleston, SC (f) 3,060 3,809 -- 6,869 190 8/31/2011 2005 Fort Gratiot, MI 3,411 699 4,826 -- 5,525 86 6/29/2012 2010 Jackson, TN (f) 1,433 3,988 -- 5,421 302 2/25/2011 2007 Diamond Crossing Anchorage, AK 7,980 5,753 8,769 -- 14,522 312 9/27/2011 2007 Dollar General Cade, LA -- 178 945 -- 1,123 1 12/18/2012 2012 Grambling, LA -- 509 718 -- 1,227 2 11/30/2012 2012 Lake Charles, LA -- 351 716 -- 1,067 2 11/30/2012 2012 Lakeland, FL -- 342 1,621 -- 1,963 2 12/18/2012 2012 Lowell, OH -- 142 970 -- 1,112 3 11/30/2012 2012 Lyerly, GA -- 230 781 -- 1,011 3 11/30/2012 2012 Orange, TX -- 300 886 -- 1,186 3 11/30/2012 2012 Phenix City, AL -- 255 721 -- 976 3 11/30/2012 2012 Ponca City, OK -- 177 971 -- 1,148 1 12/20/2012 2012 Tahlequah, OK -- 121 946 -- 1,067 1 12/20/2012 2012 Vidor, TX -- 197 804 -- 1,001 3 11/30/2012 2012 Wagoner, OK -- 23 954 -- 977 1 12/20/2012 2012 Eastland Center West Covina, CA 90,000 41,559 102,941 242 144,742 1,879 5/14/2012 1998 Encana Oil & Gas Plano, TX 66,000 2,623 101,829 -- 104,452 355 11/27/2012 2012 Emdeon Nashville, TN 4,700 556 8,015 -- 8,571 283 9/29/2011 2010 Evans Exchange Evans, GA 6,730 2,761 7,996 -- 10,757 517 6/10/2010 (g) Experian Schaumburg, IL 18,900 4,359 20,834 -- 25,193 1,911 4/30/2010 1999 Fairlane Green Allen Park, MI 24,000 14,975 27,109 165 42,249 855 2/22/2012 2005 Falcon Valley Lenexa, KS 6,375 1,946 8,992 -- 10,938 506 12/23/2010 2008 Family Dollar Abbeville, LA 740 128 898 -- 1,026 18 4/30/2012 2005 Alamogordo, NM 524 154 732 -- 886 14 4/30/2012 2001 Alexandria, LA 458 136 548 -- 684 11 4/30/2012 2005 Altha, FL (f) 132 699 -- 831 14 4/30/2012 2011 Apopka, FL 1,127 626 954 -- 1,580 18 4/30/2012 2011 Avondale, AZ 974 566 1,014 -- 1,580 19 4/30/2012 2002 Baton Rouge, LA (f) 399 637 -- 1,036 13 4/30/2012 2003 Battle Mountain, NV (f) 162 1,230 -- 1,392 24 4/30/2012 2009 Beaumont (College), TX (f) 226 733 -- 959 14 4/30/2012 2003 Beaumont (Highway 105), TX 654 229 700 -- 929 14 4/30/2012 2003 Beaumont (Washington), TX (f) 331 959 -- 1,290 19 4/30/2012 2003 Beaver, UT 646 108 663 -- 771 13 4/30/2012 2007 Berkeley, MO 969 263 1,045 -- 1,308 20 4/30/2012 2003 Bethel, OH 852 275 974 -- 1,249 13 7/11/2012 2005 S-8 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Family Dollar (continued) Brazoria, TX $ (f) $ 251 $ 800 $ -- $ 1,051 $ 16 4/30/2012 2002 Bristol, FL 631 227 684 -- 911 13 4/30/2012 2011 Bristol, VA 608 174 676 -- 850 13 4/30/2012 1978 Brooklyn, MI (f) 113 590 -- 703 11 4/30/2012 2002 Burton, MI 866 132 842 -- 974 16 4/30/2012 2003 Canton, OH 460 91 581 -- 672 13 4/30/2012 2004 Casa Grande, AZ (f) 92 716 -- 808 14 4/30/2012 2003 Cleveland , OH 1,079 53 1,380 -- 1,433 19 7/11/2012 2003 Cleveland (Pearl), OH 1,370 278 1,437 -- 1,715 32 4/30/2012 1994 Clovis, NM 657 95 889 -- 984 17 4/30/2012 2004 Cockrell Hill, TX 970 579 807 -- 1,386 16 4/30/2012 2002 Converse, TX 409 144 501 -- 645 12 4/30/2012 2003 Coolidge, AZ 603 106 832 -- 938 16 4/30/2012 2000 Dacano, CO 757 180 878 -- 1,058 17 4/30/2012 2003 Dallas, TX 627 270 676 -- 946 13 4/30/2012 2004 Deland, FL 1,057 548 1,014 -- 1,562 19 4/30/2012 2011 Deltona (1401), FL 686 196 879 -- 1,075 17 4/30/2012 2004 Deltona (2901), FL 1,042 277 1,048 -- 1,325 20 4/30/2012 2011 Des Moines, IA 822 363 840 -- 1,203 15 4/30/2012 2003 Dickinson, TX 681 163 811 -- 974 16 4/30/2012 2010 El Dorado, AR 663 78 861 -- 939 18 4/30/2012 2002 Farmerville, LA 722 146 704 -- 850 14 4/30/2012 2003 Fort Dodge, IA 408 107 499 -- 606 9 4/30/2012 2002 Fort Lupton, CO 916 197 1,061 -- 1,258 21 4/30/2012 2003 Fort Meade, FL 417 214 555 -- 769 11 4/30/2012 2000 Fort Mohave, AZ (f) 266 627 -- 893 13 4/30/2012 2001 Fort Myers, FL 973 254 995 -- 1,249 20 4/30/2012 2002 Gainesville, FL 1,002 505 903 -- 1,408 17 4/30/2012 2011 Gallup, NM (f) 207 1,252 -- 1,459 24 4/30/2012 2007 Green Bay, WI (f) 312 916 -- 1,228 18 4/30/2012 2011 Greenville, MS (f) 138 782 -- 920 15 4/30/2012 2011 Guadalupe, AZ (f) 339 657 -- 996 13 4/30/2012 2004 Gulfport, MS (f) 375 1,045 -- 1,420 20 4/30/2012 2007 Hernandez, NM 1,152 124 1,174 -- 1,298 22 4/30/2012 2008 Homedale, ID 973 64 804 -- 868 16 4/30/2012 2006 Hot Springs, AR (f) 266 772 -- 1,038 15 4/30/2012 2011 Houston (Freeway), TX 920 969 416 -- 1,385 8 4/30/2012 1981 Houston (Jester), TX (f) 106 631 -- 737 12 4/30/2012 2002 Houston (Kuykendahl), TX (f) 593 1,016 -- 1,609 20 4/30/2012 2009 Houston (Mount), TX (f) 150 893 -- 1,043 17 4/30/2012 2002 Houston (Veterans), TX 911 358 883 -- 1,241 17 4/30/2012 2002 Houston, TX 886 244 962 -- 1,206 19 4/30/2012 2002 Hudson, MI 833 86 858 -- 944 16 4/30/2012 2005 Indianapolis, IN 613 275 620 -- 895 12 4/30/2012 2003 Jacksonville (Lem Turner), FL 1,028 605 866 -- 1,471 17 4/30/2012 2008 Jacksonville (Moncrief), FL 789 333 812 -- 1,145 16 4/30/2012 2011 Jacksonville, AR 571 135 701 -- 836 15 4/30/2012 2002 Jemison, AL 757 145 923 -- 1,068 18 4/30/2012 2011 Kansas City (Blue Ridge), MO 683 280 749 -- 1,029 14 4/30/2012 2003 S-9 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Family Dollar (continued) Kansas City (Meyer), MO $ 970 $ 218 $ 1,155 $ -- $ 1,373 $ 22 4/30/2012 2004 Kansas City (Prospect), MO 1,211 200 1,497 -- 1,697 29 4/30/2012 2004 Kansas City (State), KS 982 247 1,127 -- 1,374 22 4/30/2012 2002 Kentwood, LA 683 144 693 -- 837 14 4/30/2012 2003 Kentwood, MI 739 307 699 -- 1,006 13 4/30/2012 2001 Kingston, OK (f) 25 571 -- 596 11 4/30/2012 2000 Kissimmee, FL 970 679 804 -- 1,483 15 4/30/2012 2011 Lake City, FL 622 174 785 -- 959 15 4/30/2012 2011 Lakeland, FL 732 370 697 -- 1,067 14 4/30/2012 2003 Las Vegas, NV 876 321 954 -- 1,275 18 4/30/2012 2005 Leander, TX 557 314 503 -- 817 13 4/30/2012 2004 Little Rock, AR 467 99 600 -- 699 12 4/30/2012 2002 Loveland, OH 798 250 905 -- 1,155 8 9/24/2012 2002 Lufkin, TX 1,153 231 1,323 -- 1,554 26 4/30/2012 2004 Lynn, MA 1,222 824 980 -- 1,804 19 4/30/2012 2003 Macon, GA 673 226 781 -- 1,007 15 4/30/2012 2011 Marshall, TX (f) 91 610 -- 701 12 4/30/2012 2001 McAllen, TX 857 247 774 -- 1,021 15 4/30/2012 2004 Memphis (Austin), TN (f) 295 859 -- 1,154 17 4/30/2012 2004 Memphis (Lamar), TN 638 199 722 -- 921 14 4/30/2012 2003 Memphis (Millbranch), TN 1,251 438 1,294 -- 1,732 25 4/30/2012 2005 Memphis (Neely), TN 973 391 967 -- 1,358 19 4/30/2012 2003 Mexia, TX (f) 64 515 -- 579 10 4/30/2012 2000 Middletown, OH 660 200 790 -- 990 16 4/30/2012 2001 Milton, FL 644 229 695 -- 924 14 4/30/2012 2010 Milwaukee, WI 970 253 1,067 -- 1,320 21 4/30/2012 2003 Mohave Valley, AZ (f) 256 364 -- 620 8 4/30/2012 2003 Montgomery, AL 959 506 864 -- 1,370 17 4/30/2012 2010 New Orleans, LA 1,146 683 915 -- 1,598 18 4/30/2012 2005 Newaygo, MI 689 244 616 -- 860 11 4/30/2012 2002 Noonday, TX 625 120 810 -- 930 16 4/30/2012 2004 Ocala (28th St.), FL (f) 236 942 -- 1,178 18 4/30/2012 2006 Ocala (Maricamp), FL 968 348 1,017 -- 1,365 19 4/30/2012 2011 Okeechobee, FL 894 395 956 -- 1,351 18 4/30/2012 2011 Ormond Beach, FL (f) 733 872 -- 1,605 17 4/30/2012 2011 Palestine, TX 671 160 757 -- 917 15 4/30/2012 2000 Pembroke Park, FL 1,141 668 930 -- 1,598 18 4/30/2012 2006 Penn Yan, NY 525 286 501 -- 787 10 4/30/2012 2003 Pensacola, FL 559 131 652 -- 783 13 4/30/2012 2003 Petersburg, VA 948 250 924 -- 1,174 18 4/30/2012 2003 Pharr, TX 969 287 628 -- 915 13 4/30/2012 2002 Phoenix (McDowell), AZ 1,040 525 1,039 -- 1,564 20 4/30/2012 2003 Phoenix (Southern), AZ (f) 1,063 899 -- 1,962 17 4/30/2012 2003 Plant City (Baker), FL 1,173 650 1,007 -- 1,657 19 4/30/2012 2005 Plant City (Gordon), FL (f) 356 935 -- 1,291 18 4/30/2012 2004 Pontiac, MI 962 250 829 -- 1,079 16 4/30/2012 2003 Port Arthur, TX 1,044 271 1,090 -- 1,361 21 4/30/2012 2005 Princeton, IN 526 346 446 -- 792 9 4/30/2012 2000 Raymondville, TX 542 120 609 -- 729 12 4/30/2012 2002 S-10 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Family Dollar (continued) Rio Grande, TX $ (f) $ 201 $ 852 $ -- $ 1,053 $ 17 4/30/2012 2003 Robstown, TX 550 59 759 -- 818 19 4/30/2012 2003 Roswell, NM 766 128 928 -- 1,056 18 4/30/2012 2004 Royse City, TX 972 530 802 -- 1,332 16 4/30/2012 2002 Saginaw, MI (f) 161 936 -- 1,097 18 4/30/2012 2003 San Angelo, TX 891 283 952 -- 1,235 22 4/30/2012 2011 San Antonio (Culebra), TX 864 396 851 -- 1,247 20 4/30/2012 2004 San Antonio (Cupples), TX 1,143 226 1,373 -- 1,599 34 4/30/2012 2004 San Antonio (Foster), TX 506 190 572 -- 762 14 4/30/2012 2004 San Antonio (Marbach), TX 598 260 632 -- 892 15 4/30/2012 2004 San Antonio (Valley Hi), TX 800 295 826 -- 1,121 20 4/30/2012 2002 San Antonio (Zarzamora), TX 728 286 812 -- 1,098 20 4/30/2012 2004 San Benito, TX 598 147 610 -- 757 12 4/30/2012 2004 San Diego, TX 602 62 651 -- 713 13 4/30/2012 2004 Seymour, IN (f) 222 736 -- 958 14 4/30/2012 2000 Shreveport, LA 892 228 784 -- 1,012 15 4/30/2012 2005 St. Louis (Ferry), MO (f) 343 989 -- 1,332 19 4/30/2012 2003 St. Louis, MO 972 258 1,053 -- 1,311 20 4/30/2012 2003 St. Peter, MN 409 105 559 -- 664 13 4/30/2012 1960 St. Petersburg (34th), FL 1,093 802 833 -- 1,635 16 4/30/2012 2011 Tallahassee, FL (f) 674 748 -- 1,422 15 4/30/2012 2011 Tampa (22nd St.), FL 1,005 584 912 -- 1,496 18 4/30/2012 2008 Tampa (MLK), FL 1,168 886 869 -- 1,755 17 4/30/2012 2011 Terre Haute, IN 394 90 542 -- 632 10 4/30/2012 2011 Topeka, KS (f) 265 1,243 -- 1,508 24 4/30/2012 2004 Tyler, TX 416 107 509 -- 616 10 4/30/2012 2003 Victoria, TX (f) 399 164 -- 563 3 4/30/2012 2003 Waco, TX 440 128 504 -- 632 12 4/30/2012 2001 Family Fare Supermarket Battle Creek, MI (f) 1,400 5,754 -- 7,154 292 1/31/2011 2010 FedEx Beekmantown, NY 2,614 299 3,403 -- 3,702 238 4/23/2010 2008 Bossier City, LA (f) 197 4,139 -- 4,336 267 11/1/2010 2009 Dublin, VA (f) 159 2,765 -- 2,924 163 10/21/2010 2008 Effingham, IL 7,040 1,321 11,137 -- 12,458 859 12/29/2009 2008 Lafayette, IN 2,230 513 3,356 -- 3,869 230 4/27/2010 2008 McComb, MS (f) 569 2,396 -- 2,965 109 5/5/2011 2008 Northwood, OH 2,410 457 3,944 -- 4,401 250 8/17/2010 1998 Fire Mountain Restaurant Bossier City, LA -- 1,045 1,537 -- 2,582 70 4/29/2011 2004 Cullman, AL -- 865 1,185 -- 2,050 56 4/29/2011 1996 Horn Lake, MS -- 846 1,270 -- 2,116 60 4/29/2011 1995 Fleming';s Steakhouse Englewood, CO (f) 1,278 2,256 -- 3,534 46 3/14/2012 2004 Folsum Gateway II Folsum, CA 21,600 7,293 23,038 1,407 31,738 1,288 12/15/2010 2008 Food Lion Moyock, NC (f) 937 2,389 -- 3,326 116 7/21/2011 1999 S-11 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Garden Ridge Stockbridge, GA $ -- $ 1,647 $ 5,651 $ -- $ 7,298 $ 7 12/17/2012 1998 Giant Eagle Lancaster, OH 7,800 2,283 11,700 -- 13,983 657 10/29/2010 2008 Lewis Center, OH 10,843 2,345 15,440 -- 17,785 510 10/5/2011 2000 Gahanna, OH -- 4,530 15,261 -- 19,791 16 12/20/2012 2002 Glen';s Market Manistee, MI (f) 387 4,230 -- 4,617 192 5/19/2011 2009 Glynn Isles Market Brunswick, GA (f) 2,578 31,677 -- 34,255 1,155 9/29/2011 2007 Golden Corral Akron, OH 1,166 531 1,384 -- 1,915 27 5/16/2012 2003 Bakersfield, CA -- 2,011 1,990 -- 4,001 44 3/21/2012 2011 Canton, OH 1,280 538 1,560 -- 2,098 30 5/16/2012 2002 Cincinnati, OH 1,242 632 1,377 -- 2,009 24 5/16/2012 1999 Clarksville, IN 1,589 734 1,815 -- 2,549 31 5/16/2012 2002 Cleveland, OH 1,437 828 1,460 -- 2,288 28 5/16/2012 2004 Dayton (Kingsridge), OH (f) 416 1,028 -- 1,444 18 5/16/2012 2000 Dayton (Miller), OH 1,638 712 1,859 -- 2,571 32 5/16/2012 2002 Dayton, OH (f) 580 1,097 -- 1,677 20 5/16/2012 2000 Elyria, OH 1,160 1,057 879 -- 1,936 19 5/16/2012 2004 Fairfield, OH 889 612 770 -- 1,382 14 5/16/2012 1999 Grove City, OH 1,171 1,331 625 -- 1,956 15 5/16/2012 2007 Independence, MO (f) 1,046 2,074 -- 3,120 73 9/28/2011 2010 Louisville, KY -- 816 951 -- 1,767 17 5/16/2012 2001 Monroeville, PA (f) 1,330 489 -- 1,819 12 5/16/2012 1982 Northfield, OH (f) 906 340 -- 1,246 11 5/16/2012 2004 Ontario, OH 1,339 477 1,784 -- 2,261 33 5/16/2012 2004 Richmond, IN -- 505 715 -- 1,220 13 5/16/2012 2002 San Angelo, TX -- 503 1,427 -- 1,930 30 3/21/2012 2012 Spring, TX -- 2,567 1,385 -- 3,952 28 4/5/2012 2011 Springfield, OH 689 501 606 -- 1,107 12 5/16/2012 2000 Toledo, OH -- 744 2,056 -- 2,800 38 5/16/2012 2004 Gold';s Gym Broken Arrow, OK -- 753 5,481 -- 6,234 69 8/15/2012 2009 Goodyear Columbia, SC -- 524 1,768 8 2,300 29 5/23/2012 2010 Corpus Christi, TX (f) 666 1,214 -- 1,880 23 4/27/2012 2008 Cumming (Old Atlanta), GA 1,664 1,006 1,240 -- 2,246 20 5/23/2012 2010 Cumming, GA 1,614 387 2,068 -- 2,455 33 5/23/2012 2010 Greenway Commons Houston, TX 33,000 35,421 28,002 5 63,428 638 3/23/2012 2008 Hanes Distribution Rural Hall, NC 18,100 1,487 26,580 -- 28,067 1,488 1/10/2011 1992 Harris Teeter Durham, NC 1,700 2,852 -- -- 2,852 -- 7/31/2009 (g) HealthNow Buffalo, NY 42,500 1,699 69,587 150 71,436 4,047 12/16/2010 2007 HH Gregg Appliances Chesterfield, MO -- 1,188 3,445 -- 4,633 35 9/18/2012 2012 Joliet, IL (f) 1,221 1,173 -- 2,394 39 2/17/2012 2011 Merrillville, IN (f) 319 3,617 112 4,048 100 2/17/2012 2011 S-12 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed HH Gregg Appliances (continued) North Charleston, SC $ 2,700 $ 1,665 $ 3,369 $ -- $ 5,034 $ 338 7/2/2009 2000 North Fayette, PA (f) 1,561 1,941 -- 3,502 69 10/14/2011 1999 Highlands Ranch Highland Ranch, CO 3,475 2,017 3,713 -- 5,730 153 8/16/2011 2007 Hillside Town Centre Chicago, IL -- 7,677 16,199 -- 23,876 168 9/28/2012 2009 Hobby Lobby Concord , NC (f) 1,425 3,703 -- 5,128 135 12/12/2011 2004 Avon, IL (f) 1,810 3,355 -- 5,165 143 6/17/2011 2007 Logan, UT (f) 1,379 2,804 -- 4,183 106 10/20/2011 2008 Hobby Lobby Center Greenville, SC (f) 2,173 3,858 -- 6,031 165 7/22/2011 2003 Home Depot Evans, GA 5,551 5,561 -- -- 5,561 -- 6/11/2010 (g) Kennesaw, GA 7,884 1,640 1,321 8,179 11,140 191 11/4/2011 Las Vegas , NV (f) 7,167 -- -- 7,167 -- 4/15/2009 (g) Odessa, TX (f) 4,704 -- -- 4,704 -- 4/15/2009 (g) San Diego, CA 6,350 10,288 -- -- 10,288 -- 4/15/2009 (g) Slidell, LA 1,996 3,631 -- -- 3,631 -- 7/28/2010 (g) Tolleson, AZ 17,050 3,461 22,327 -- 25,788 1,390 7/30/2010 2009 Tucson, AZ 6,025 6,125 -- -- 6,125 -- 10/21/2009 (g) Winchester, VA 14,900 1,724 20,703 196 22,623 1,720 10/21/2009 2008 Igloo Katy, TX 20,300 4,117 32,552 -- 36,669 2,172 5/21/2010 2004 Indian Lakes Crossing Virginia Beach, VA 7,178 7,010 6,172 -- 13,182 158 1/31/2012 2008 Irving Oil Belfast, ME (f) 267 606 -- 873 17 12/29/2011 1997 Bethel, ME (f) 104 354 -- 458 10 12/29/2011 1990 Boothbay Harbor, ME (f) 399 403 -- 802 11 12/29/2011 1993 Caribou, ME (f) 130 375 -- 505 11 12/29/2011 1990 Conway, NH (f) 198 371 -- 569 10 12/29/2011 2004 Dover, NH (f) 416 477 -- 893 13 12/29/2011 1988 Fort Kent, ME (f) 220 405 -- 625 11 12/29/2011 1988 Kennebunk, ME (f) 313 659 -- 972 19 12/29/2011 2002 Lincoln, ME (f) 240 379 -- 619 11 12/29/2011 1985 Orono, ME (f) 195 240 -- 435 7 12/29/2011 1984 Rochester, NH (f) 344 476 -- 820 14 12/29/2011 1970 Rutland, VT (f) 178 214 -- 392 6 12/29/2011 1984 Saco, ME (f) 286 527 -- 813 15 12/29/2011 1995 Skowhegan, ME (f) 368 510 -- 878 14 12/29/2011 1988 West Dummerston, VT (f) 99 344 -- 443 10 12/29/2011 1993 Westminster, VT (f) 64 402 -- 466 12 12/29/2011 1990 Jo-Ann';s Shakopee, MN -- 787 1,527 -- 2,314 13 9/1/2012 2012 Kingman Gateway Kingman, AZ -- 1,418 3,085 -- 4,503 129 8/16/2011 2009 Kirkland';s Wilimington, NC -- 911 795 -- 1,706 1 12/21/2012 2012 Kohl';s Brownsville, TX (f) 6,247 -- -- 6,247 -- 8/16/2011 (g) Burnsville, MN -- 3,830 5,854 -- 9,684 594 1/9/2009 1991 S-13 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Kohl';s (continued) Columbia, SC $ 6,275 $ 1,484 $ 9,462 $ -- $ 10,946 $ 734 12/7/2009 2007 Fort Dodge, IA (f) 1,246 2,922 -- 4,168 82 12/14/2011 2011 McAllen, TX 3,591 1,094 5,565 -- 6,659 402 3/26/2010 2005 Monroe, MI 5,146 880 4,044 -- 4,924 163 6/30/2011 2006 Monrovia, CA 6,500 5,441 5,505 -- 10,946 519 7/30/2009 1982 Onalaska, WI 3,550 1,541 5,148 -- 6,689 298 12/13/2010 1992 Palm Coast, FL (f) 10,900 -- -- 10,900 -- 3/10/2011 (g) Rancho Cordova, CA (f) 2,848 4,100 -- 6,948 426 7/30/2009 1982 Rice Lake, WI (f) 1,249 3,927 -- 5,176 160 5/5/2011 2011 Saginaw, MI (f) 1,062 5,941 -- 7,003 272 3/10/2011 2011 Salina, KS (f) 636 4,653 -- 5,289 261 10/29/2010 2008 Spartanburg , SC -- 3,046 5,713 -- 8,759 8 12/6/2012 2006 Tavares, FL 4,400 7,926 -- -- 7,926 -- 6/30/2009 (g) Kohl';s Academy Hixson, TN -- 1,297 8,935 -- 10,232 30 11/13/2012 2011 Kohl';s Plaza Napa, CA (f) 1,573 15,630 (42 ) 17,161 569 8/23/2011 1983 Kum & Go Sloan, IA (f) 336 1,839 -- 2,175 133 4/23/2010 2008 Story City, IA (f) 216 1,395 -- 1,611 113 2/25/2010 2006 Tipton, IA (f) 289 1,848 -- 2,137 126 5/28/2010 2008 West Branch, IA (f) 132 808 -- 940 66 2/25/2010 1997 Kyle Marketplace Kyle, TX 24,750 5,954 36,810 71 42,835 1,036 12/30/2011 2007 L.A. Fitness Avondale, AZ (f) 1,730 5,750 -- 7,480 214 8/31/2011 2006 Broadview, IL (f) 2,202 6,671 -- 8,873 286 5/18/2011 2010 Carmel, IN 3,645 1,392 5,435 -- 6,827 537 6/30/2009 2008 Dallas, TX 4,712 1,824 6,656 -- 8,480 437 8/17/2010 2008 Denton, TX 3,960 1,635 5,082 -- 6,717 396 3/31/2010 2009 Duncanville, TX (f) 429 5,843 -- 6,272 204 9/26/2011 2007 Easton, PA (f) 765 6,622 -- 7,387 133 4/27/2012 1979 Glendale, AZ 3,193 1,920 3,214 -- 5,134 303 10/30/2009 2005 Highland, CA 4,700 1,255 6,777 -- 8,032 533 2/4/2010 2009 Indianapolis, IN (f) 2,029 4,184 -- 6,213 200 3/31/2011 2009 Marana, CA -- 1,098 5,410 -- 6,508 39 9/13/2012 2011 Oakdale, MN 4,749 1,667 5,674 -- 7,341 343 9/30/2010 2009 Oswego, IL (f) 1,958 6,280 -- 8,238 132 3/23/2012 2008 Spring, TX -- 1,372 5,011 -- 6,383 403 11/20/2009 2006 Lakeshore Crossing Gainesville, GA 4,400 2,314 5,802 191 8,307 362 9/15/2010 1994 Lowe';s Burlington, IA (f) 1,134 5,677 -- 6,811 107 4/27/2012 1996 Columbia, SC (f) 9,565 -- -- 9,565 -- 2/10/2011 (g) Denver, CO -- 12,634 -- -- 12,634 -- 2/2/2011 (g) Kansas City, MO 4,250 4,323 -- -- 4,323 -- 11/20/2009 (g) Las Vegas , NV 5,765 9,096 -- -- 9,096 -- 3/31/2009 (g) Miamisburg, OH 6,375 2,155 6,320 -- 8,475 262 9/9/2011 1994 Sanford, ME 4,672 8,482 -- -- 8,482 -- 6/28/2010 (g) Ticonderoga, NY 4,345 7,344 -- -- 7,344 -- 8/31/2010 (g) Macaroni Grill Flanders, NJ 915 477 1,125 -- 1,602 72 6/30/2010 2003 S-14 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Macaroni Grill (continued) Mt. Laurel, NJ $ 713 $ 791 $ 1,612 $ -- $ 2,403 $ 104 6/30/2010 2004 West Windsor, NJ 1,043 515 932 -- 1,447 60 6/30/2010 1998 Mattress Firm Fairview Heights, IL -- 140 703 -- 843 9 7/23/2012 1977 Melbourne, FL -- 361 768 -- 1,129 5 10/5/2012 2011 MedAssets Plano, TX 19,873 6,589 6,052 27,511 40,152 -- 11/22/2011 (g) Merrill Lynch Hopewell Township, NJ -- 15,073 88,852 -- 103,925 137 12/12/2012 2001 Michael';s Lafayette, LA (f) 1,345 2,570 -- 3,915 70 3/9/2012 2011 Midtowne Park Anderson, SC 16,645 5,765 18,119 -- 23,884 506 12/20/2011 2008 MotoMart Saint Charles, MO (f) 990 1,609 -- 2,599 34 3/30/2012 2009 Mueller Regional Retail District Austin, TX 34,300 9,918 45,299 354 55,571 3,813 12/18/2009 2008 National Tire & Battery Nashville, TN 799 372 1,138 -- 1,510 82 4/21/2010 2010 Nature Coast Commons Spring Hill, FL 21,850 6,114 19,094 536 25,744 956 6/21/2011 2009 Northern Tool & Equipment Ocala, FL 1,650 1,167 1,796 -- 2,963 143 5/20/2010 2009 North Point Shopping Center Cape Coral, FL (f) 1,244 8,152 (69 ) 9,327 389 4/13/2011 2008 Office Depot Alvin, TX (f) 567 1,916 -- 2,483 105 11/4/2011 2009 Corsicana, TX (f) 613 1,566 -- 2,179 72 4/29/2011 2007 Houston, TX (f) 1,667 1,856 -- 3,523 82 4/29/2011 2009 Mobile, AL (f) 553 1,708 -- 2,261 91 4/29/2011 2008 Old Country Buffet Coon Rapids, MN -- 1,291 1,229 -- 2,520 56 4/29/2011 2003 On the Border Alpharetta, GA 1,329 1,240 1,406 -- 2,646 91 6/30/2010 1997 Auburn Hills, MI 1,283 859 1,976 -- 2,835 128 6/30/2010 1999 Buford, GA 1,236 1,140 1,277 -- 2,417 82 6/30/2010 2001 Burleson, TX 1,439 980 1,791 -- 2,771 116 6/30/2010 2000 College Station, TX 1,376 1,242 1,402 -- 2,644 91 6/30/2010 1997 Columbus, OH 1,925 1,245 1,410 -- 2,655 91 6/30/2010 1997 Concord Mills, NC 1,363 1,296 1,350 -- 2,646 87 6/30/2010 2000 Denton, TX 1,317 1,028 1,480 -- 2,508 96 6/30/2010 2002 DeSoto, TX 1,482 838 1,915 -- 2,753 125 6/30/2010 1983 Fort Worth, TX 1,575 1,188 1,857 -- 3,045 120 6/30/2010 1999 Garland, TX 1,020 690 1,311 -- 2,001 84 6/30/2010 2007 Kansas City, MO 1,454 904 1,403 -- 2,307 90 6/30/2010 1997 Lee';s Summit, MO 1,200 845 1,331 -- 2,176 86 6/30/2010 2002 Lubbock, TX 1,376 743 1,996 -- 2,739 129 6/30/2010 1994 Mesa, AZ 1,804 1,121 1,468 -- 2,589 95 6/30/2010 2002 Mt. Laurel, NJ 1,447 559 1,139 -- 1,698 73 6/30/2010 2004 Naperville, IL 1,494 1,260 1,786 (66 ) 2,980 115 6/30/2010 1997 Novi, MI 1,177 653 1,837 -- 2,490 119 6/30/2010 1997 Oklahoma City, OK 1,266 880 1,659 -- 2,539 107 6/30/2010 1996 S-15 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed On the Border (continued) Peoria, AZ $ 1,562 $ 1,071 $ 1,245 $ -- $ 2,316 $ 81 6/30/2010 2002 Rockwall, TX 1,355 761 1,836 -- 2,597 119 6/30/2010 1999 Rogers, AR 950 551 1,176 -- 1,727 76 6/30/2010 2002 Tulsa, OK 1,427 952 1,907 -- 2,859 124 6/30/2010 1995 West Springfield, MA 2,000 1,015 2,361 -- 3,376 153 6/30/2010 1995 West Windsor, NJ 2,433 1,114 2,013 -- 3,127 130 6/30/2010 1998 Woodbridge, VA 1,685 1,587 1,540 -- 3,127 100 6/30/2010 1998 O';Reilly';s Auto Parts Breaux Bridge, LA 401 91 608 -- 699 43 3/15/2010 2009 Central, LA (f) 75 737 -- 812 29 6/10/2011 2010 Christiansburg, VA 646 205 763 -- 968 40 12/23/2010 2010 Highlands, TX 485 217 605 -- 822 33 12/23/2010 2010 Houston, TX 560 254 680 -- 934 36 1/13/2011 2010 LaPlace, LA 507 221 682 -- 903 48 3/12/2010 2008 Louisville, KY -- 494 844 -- 1,338 10 7/10/2012 2011 New Roads, LA 410 111 616 -- 727 44 3/12/2010 2008 Ravenna, OH (f) 102 866 -- 968 45 1/25/2011 2010 San Antonio, TX 703 356 853 -- 1,209 45 12/23/2010 2010 Willard, OH -- 121 843 -- 964 12 6/8/2012 2011 Outback Steakhouse Baton Rouge, LA 1,080 567 1,178 -- 1,745 24 3/14/2012 2001 Boardman Township, OH 1,700 690 2,052 -- 2,742 41 3/14/2012 1995 Centennial, CO 1,560 1,150 1,274 -- 2,424 26 3/14/2012 1996 Colonial Heights, VA 2,160 1,656 1,715 -- 3,371 35 3/14/2012 2000 Conroe, TX 1,530 944 1,394 -- 2,338 28 3/14/2012 2001 Fort Smith, AR 1,620 1,017 1,558 -- 2,575 32 3/14/2012 1999 Fort Wayne, IN 1,570 701 1,806 -- 2,507 37 3/14/2012 2000 Garner, NC 1,580 1,005 1,508 -- 2,513 30 3/14/2012 2004 Houston, TX 1,620 1,076 1,449 -- 2,525 29 3/14/2012 1998 Independence, OH (f) 695 1,398 -- 2,093 28 3/14/2012 2006 Jacksonville, FL 1,620 836 1,601 -- 2,437 32 3/14/2012 2001 Las Cruces, NM 1,120 491 1,299 -- 1,790 26 3/14/2012 2000 Lees Summit, MO 920 522 921 -- 1,443 19 3/14/2012 1999 Lexington, KY 1,820 1,153 1,587 -- 2,740 32 3/14/2012 2002 McAllen, TX 770 426 665 -- 1,091 13 3/14/2012 1999 Newport News, VA 2,060 1,577 1,430 -- 3,007 29 3/14/2012 1993 Pittsburg, PA 1,630 999 1,627 -- 2,626 33 3/14/2012 1995 Sebring , FL 1,470 810 1,617 -- 2,427 33 3/14/2012 2001 Southgate, MI 1,680 809 2,010 -- 2,819 41 3/14/2012 1994 Winchester, VA 2,190 1,508 1,848 -- 3,356 37 3/14/2012 2006 Oxford Exchange Oxford, GA (f) 3,946 37,509 494 41,949 1,870 4/18/2011 2006 Owens Corning Newark, OH (f) 499 9,537 -- 10,036 366 7/8/2011 2007 Petco Dardenne Prairie, MO (f) 781 1,525 -- 2,306 81 2/22/2011 2009 Lake Charles, LA 2,145 412 2,852 -- 3,264 168 10/25/2010 2008 Petsmart Bellingham, WA 2,526 1,019 2,286 -- 3,305 45 4/30/2012 1993 Boca Raton, FL (f) 3,379 3,748 -- 7,127 148 7/21/2011 2001 Braintree, MA (f) 3,539 4,775 -- 8,314 196 7/21/2011 1996 Dallas, TX (f) 901 3,858 -- 4,759 146 7/21/2011 1998 S-16 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Petsmart (continued) Evanston, IL $ (f) $ 792 $ 5,522 $ -- $ 6,314 $ 208 7/21/2011 2001 Flint, MI (f) 565 2,986 -- 3,551 153 7/21/2011 1996 Lake Mary, FL (f) 2,035 2,323 -- 4,358 99 7/21/2011 1997 Oxon Hill, MD (f) 2,426 2,993 -- 5,419 125 7/21/2011 1998 Parma, OH (f) 866 2,848 -- 3,714 103 8/4/2011 1996 Phoenix, AZ 51,250 3,750 80,003 304 84,057 3,166 8/23/2011 2008 Plantation, FL (f) 1,077 3,868 -- 4,945 153 7/21/2011 2001 Southlake, TX (f) 2,653 3,748 -- 6,401 143 7/21/2011 1998 Tallahassee, FL (f) 1,221 1,341 -- 2,562 65 7/21/2011 1998 Westlake Village, CA (f) 1,892 4,908 -- 6,800 208 7/21/2011 1998 Petsmart/Hallmark Cincinnati, OH -- 942 3,417 -- 4,359 99 2/14/2012 1998 Petsmart/Bevmo Redding, CA 3,206 1,185 3,484 -- 4,669 76 3/21/2012 1989 Petsmart/Travos Credit Union Mercad, CA 2,974 1,389 3,135 -- 4,524 69 3/21/2012 1993 Pick N Save Center Wauwatosa, WI -- 2,787 12,081 -- 14,868 14 12/21/2012 2012 Pier 1 Imports Victoria, TX -- 390 1,500 -- 1,890 19 7/2/2012 2011 Pinehurst Square West Bismark, ND (f) 3,690 5,564 -- 9,254 420 1/28/2011 2006 PLS Financial Services Calumet Park, IL (f) 165 959 -- 1,124 35 8/18/2011 2005 Chicago (Diversey), IL (f) 301 566 -- 867 20 8/18/2011 2001 Compton, CA (f) 1,054 221 -- 1,275 7 10/26/2011 2005 Dallas (Camp Wisdom), TX (f) 283 351 -- 634 13 8/18/2011 1983 Dallas (Davis), TX (f) 156 619 -- 775 23 8/18/2011 2003 Fort Worth, TX (f) 181 688 -- 869 25 8/18/2011 2003 Grand Prairie, TX (f) 479 123 -- 602 6 8/18/2011 1971 Houston, TX (f) 175 262 -- 437 11 8/18/2011 2005 Kenosha, WI (f) 120 521 -- 641 19 8/18/2011 2005 Mesa (Broadway), AZ (f) 225 394 -- 619 15 8/18/2011 2006 Mesquite, TX (f) 197 712 -- 909 26 8/18/2011 2006 Phoenix, AZ (f) 183 670 -- 853 19 11/4/2011 2006 Tucson, AZ (f) 278 467 -- 745 18 8/18/2011 2005 Prairie Market Oswego, IL 12,500 12,997 10,840 106 23,943 646 12/3/2010 (g) Publix Mountain Brook, AL 3,275 2,492 2,830 -- 5,322 231 12/1/2009 2004 RaceTrac Atlanta, GA (f) 989 1,074 -- 2,063 31 12/21/2011 2004 Belleview, FL (f) 882 2,712 -- 3,594 79 12/21/2011 2007 Bessemer, AL (f) 982 1,703 -- 2,685 50 12/21/2011 2003 Denton, TX (f) 960 1,690 -- 2,650 48 12/21/2011 2003 Houston (Hwy 6N), TX (f) 888 950 -- 1,838 27 12/21/2011 1995 Houston (Kuykendahl), TX (f) 1,043 1,036 -- 2,079 30 12/21/2011 1997 Jacksonville, FL (f) 1,178 2,462 -- 3,640 73 12/21/2011 2011 Leesburg, FL (f) 1,185 2,375 -- 3,560 70 12/21/2011 2007 Mobile, AL (f) 650 908 -- 1,558 26 12/21/2011 1998 S-17 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Red Oak Village San Marcos, TX $ 12,480 $ 4,222 $ 16,434 $ -- $ 20,656 $ 1,004 12/23/2010 2008 Riverside Centre St. Augustine, FL (f) 1,368 3,148 267 4,783 150 6/8/2011 2007 Road Ranger Winnebago, IL -- 638 3,129 -- 3,767 30 8/30/2012 1998 RSA Security Bedford, MA 51,400 13,692 67,747 -- 81,439 1,024 7/25/2012 2001 Ryan';s Asheville, NC -- 1,177 1,233 -- 2,410 58 4/29/2011 1996 Beckley, WV -- 1,102 1,307 -- 2,409 61 4/29/2011 1995 Columbus, GA -- 1,394 1,325 -- 2,719 61 4/29/2011 2002 Commerce, GA -- 817 946 -- 1,763 44 4/29/2011 1996 Jasper, AL -- 663 1,439 -- 2,102 66 4/29/2011 2000 Owensboro, KY -- 1,239 893 -- 2,132 41 4/29/2011 1997 Paducah, KY -- 1,013 858 -- 1,871 40 4/29/2011 1995 Pearl, MS -- 913 1,135 -- 2,048 53 4/29/2011 2000 Prattville, AL -- 876 1,125 -- 2,001 52 4/29/2011 1997 Rome, GA -- 919 682 -- 1,601 35 4/29/2011 1983 Sevierville, TN -- 725 673 -- 1,398 31 4/29/2011 2003 Texas City, TX -- 677 1,593 -- 2,270 73 4/29/2011 2002 Sam';s Club Colorado Springs, CO 9,581 2,626 10,817 -- 13,443 358 1/20/2012 1998 Douglasville, GA (f) 2,016 9,290 -- 11,306 416 7/28/2011 1999 Hoover, AL (f) 2,083 9,223 -- 11,306 1,013 1/15/2009 2000 Santa Rosa Commons Pace, FL 13,000 2,887 19,811 112 22,810 892 6/30/2011 2008 San Tan Marketplace Gilbert, AZ 27,400 10,800 40,312 -- 51,112 885 3/30/2012 2005 Shelby Corners Utica, MI (f) 957 2,753 -- 3,710 128 7/8/2011 2008 Sherwin Williams Muskegon, MI (f) 158 880 -- 1,038 49 12/10/2010 2008 Sherwood Retail Center Sherwood, AR -- 2,143 3,198 -- 5,341 63 6/4/2012 2005 Shoppes at Port Arthur Port Arthur, TX 8,077 2,618 11,463 -- 14,081 741 10/12/2010 2008 Shoppes at Sherbrooke Lake Worth, FL -- 3,161 5,609 55 8,825 115 4/27/2012 2004 Shoppes at Sugarmill Woods Homosassa, FL -- 882 5,381 112 6,375 166 12/13/2011 2008 Silverado Plaza Tucson, AZ 4,701 1,893 6,914 -- 8,807 204 12/22/2011 1998 Sprouts Centennial, CO -- 1,692 6,070 -- 7,762 22 11/14/2012 2009 Staples Houston, TX 1,815 1,020 2,232 -- 3,252 151 6/17/2010 2008 Iowa City, IA -- 1,223 2,201 -- 3,424 190 11/13/2009 2009 Pensacola, FL (f) 1,503 2,011 -- 3,514 125 1/6/2011 2010 Stearns Crossing Bartlett, IL 7,060 3,733 7,649 76 11,458 484 12/9/2010 1999 S-18 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed St. Luke';s Urgent Care Creve Coeur, MO $ (f) $ 1,067 $ 3,867 $ -- $ 4,934 $ 185 5/20/2011 2010 Stop & Shop Cranston, RI (f) 13,301 -- -- 13,301 -- 8/5/2011 (g) Stamford, CT 14,900 12,881 14,592 -- 27,473 926 7/30/2010 2006 Stripes Andrews, TX (f) 110 1,777 -- 1,887 137 12/30/2009 2008 Brady, TX -- 205 2,628 -- 2,833 30 8/30/2012 2007 Brownsville, TX -- 561 2,715 -- 3,276 31 8/30/2012 2007 Carrizo Springs, TX (f) 400 2,221 -- 2,621 125 11/22/2010 2010 Corpus Christi (Everh), TX -- 882 2,645 -- 3,527 30 8/30/2012 2007 Corpus Christi (Padre), TX -- 700 2,689 -- 3,389 31 8/30/2012 2007 Corpus Christi, TX -- 684 1,606 -- 2,290 20 8/30/2012 2007 Eagle Pass, TX (f) 656 1,897 -- 2,553 122 6/29/2010 2009 Edinburg (Hwy 107), TX -- 405 2,419 -- 2,824 28 8/30/2012 2007 Edinburg (Raul), TX -- 408 1,997 -- 2,405 23 8/30/2012 2007 Edinburg, TX (f) 906 1,259 -- 2,165 81 6/29/2010 1999 Fort Stockton, TX (f) 1,035 3,319 -- 4,354 284 12/30/2010 2010 Haskell, TX (f) 93 2,130 -- 2,223 121 11/22/2010 2010 Houston, TX -- 878 1,676 -- 2,554 22 8/30/2012 2007 LaFeria, TX (f) 321 1,271 -- 1,592 99 12/30/2009 2008 Laredo (La Pita Mangana), TX (f) 419 1,741 -- 2,160 99 11/22/2010 2010 Laredo (Willow), TX (f) 438 1,785 -- 2,223 74 8/3/2011 2010 Midland, TX -- 1,152 3,945 -- 5,097 44 8/30/2012 2006 Mission, TX -- 1,009 2,238 -- 3,247 26 8/30/2012 2003 Odessa (Kermit), TX -- 733 5,594 -- 6,327 58 8/30/2012 1998 Odessa, TX (f) 139 2,175 -- 2,314 186 6/30/2011 2011 Palmhurst, TX (f) 467 448 -- 915 29 6/29/2010 1986 Pharr, TX (f) 384 1,712 -- 2,096 133 12/30/2009 1997 Portales, NM (f) 313 1,913 -- 2,226 184 12/30/2010 2010 Rio Hondo, TX (f) 273 1,840 -- 2,113 141 12/30/2009 2007 San Angelo (Sherwood), TX -- 958 2,704 -- 3,662 32 8/30/2012 2007 San Angelo, TX -- 601 3,609 -- 4,210 38 8/30/2012 1997 San Benito (Ranchito), TX (f) 401 1,967 -- 2,368 126 6/29/2010 2010 Sunset Valley Shopping Center Austin, TX 17,441 10,249 19,345 131 29,725 1,460 3/26/2010 2007 Sysmex Lincolnshire, IL 22,500 3,778 41,462 736 45,976 58 8/31/2012 2010 Telegraph Plaza Monroe, MI -- 1,076 5,059 -- 6,135 253 6/30/2011 2006 The Crossing Killeen, TX (f) 1,280 6,767 (35 ) 8,012 284 7/20/2011 2011 The Forum Fort Myers, FL (f) 8,091 20,504 -- 28,595 949 7/22/2011 2008 The Medicines Company Parsippany, NJ 27,700 4,195 39,488 23 43,706 1,066 2/27/2012 2009 The Plaza Queen Creek, AZ 7,290 2,659 9,523 -- 12,182 418 8/12/2011 2007 Thornton';s Bloomington, IL 953 777 1,031 -- 1,808 58 12/17/2010 1992 S-19 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Thorton';s (continued) Clarksville, IN $ 1,007 $ 894 $ 948 $ -- $ 1,842 $ 53 12/17/2010 2005 Edinburgh, IN 1,047 780 1,138 -- 1,918 67 12/17/2010 1997 Evansville (Rosenberger), IN 1,032 727 1,039 -- 1,766 63 12/17/2010 2007 Evansville, IN 1,082 674 1,040 -- 1,714 65 12/17/2010 1998 Franklin Park, IL 1,628 1,427 1,373 -- 2,800 79 12/17/2010 1999 Galloway, OH 953 578 1,134 -- 1,712 66 12/17/2010 1998 Henderson (Green), KY 1,007 702 1,031 -- 1,733 62 12/17/2010 2009 Henderson, KY 1,975 1,212 2,089 -- 3,301 119 12/17/2010 2007 Jeffersonville, IN 1,439 1,475 1,057 -- 2,532 64 12/17/2010 1995 Joliet, IL 1,761 1,209 1,789 -- 2,998 101 12/17/2010 2000 Louisville, KY 1,037 684 1,154 -- 1,838 66 12/17/2010 1994 Oaklawn, IL 1,111 1,233 667 -- 1,900 42 12/17/2010 1994 Ottawa, IL 1,300 599 1,751 -- 2,350 98 12/17/2010 2006 Plainfield, IL 1,102 829 1,166 -- 1,995 67 12/17/2010 2005 Roselle, IL 1,399 926 1,425 -- 2,351 83 12/17/2010 1996 Shelbyville, KY 1,116 533 1,356 -- 1,889 81 12/17/2010 2007 South Elgin, IL 1,628 1,452 1,278 -- 2,730 74 12/17/2010 2007 Springfield, IL 1,915 1,221 2,053 -- 3,274 116 12/17/2010 2008 Summit, IL 1,116 1,316 662 -- 1,978 37 12/17/2010 2000 Terre Haute, IN 1,350 908 1,409 (37 ) 2,280 83 12/17/2010 1999 Waukegan, IL 1,161 797 1,199 -- 1,996 68 12/17/2010 1999 Westmont, IL 1,881 1,150 1,926 -- 3,076 110 12/17/2010 1997 Tire Kingdom Auburndale, FL 1,205 625 1,487 -- 2,112 94 7/20/2010 2010 Toys R Us/Mr. Hero Parma, OH -- 1,192 2,151 -- 3,343 60 4/11/2012 1986 Toys R Us/Babies R Us Coral Springs, FL -- 2,507 4,675 -- 7,182 43 9/27/2012 2010 Tractor Supply Alamogordo, NM 1,943 529 2,188 -- 2,717 41 4/20/2012 2011 Alton, IL 1,404 419 2,009 -- 2,428 129 8/13/2010 2008 Augusta, ME 1,423 362 2,121 -- 2,483 133 10/12/2010 2009 Bainbridge, GA (f) 456 1,812 -- 2,268 60 11/16/2011 2008 Ballinger, TX 1,248 369 1,841 -- 2,210 130 5/21/2010 2010 Belchertown, MA 1,823 1,001 2,149 -- 3,150 160 6/29/2010 2008 Columbia, SC (f) 773 1,794 -- 2,567 41 3/30/2012 2011 Del Rio, TX 1,113 657 1,387 -- 2,044 131 7/27/2009 2009 Dixon, CA 2,962 848 3,528 -- 4,376 223 9/24/2010 2007 Edinburg, TX 1,451 571 2,051 -- 2,622 190 7/27/2009 2009 Franklin, NC 1,480 422 1,914 -- 2,336 118 11/30/2010 2009 Gibsonia, PA 1,648 726 2,074 -- 2,800 155 5/5/2010 2010 Glenpool, OK 1,180 174 1,941 -- 2,115 137 5/4/2010 2009 Gloucester, NJ 2,600 1,590 2,962 -- 4,552 253 12/17/2009 2009 Grayson, KY (f) 406 1,967 -- 2,373 76 6/30/2011 2011 Hamilton, OH 932 418 1,045 -- 1,463 70 9/17/2010 1975 Irmo, SC 1,125 697 1,501 -- 2,198 165 10/15/2009 2009 Jackson, CA -- 1,062 3,620 -- 4,682 4 12/18/2012 2012 Jefferson City, MO 1,125 398 1,269 -- 1,667 76 11/9/2010 2009 Kenedy, TX 1,220 215 1,985 -- 2,200 144 4/29/2010 2009 Lawrence, KS 1,377 427 2,016 -- 2,443 119 9/24/2010 2010 Little Rock, AR 1,500 834 1,223 -- 2,057 74 11/9/2010 2009 S-20 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Tractor Supply (continued) Middletown, DE $ -- $ 1,306 $ 2,703 $ -- $ 4,009 $ 42 6/29/2012 2007 Mishawaka, IN (f) 450 1,856 -- 2,306 60 11/18/2011 2011 Murphy, NC 1,402 789 1,580 -- 2,369 120 5/21/2010 2010 Nixa, MO 1,346 430 1,697 -- 2,127 101 9/24/2010 2009 Pearsall, TX 1,199 120 2,117 -- 2,237 154 4/9/2010 2009 Rincon, GA (f) 678 1,509 -- 2,187 65 8/23/2011 2007 Roswell, TX 1,180 728 1,469 -- 2,197 138 7/27/2009 2009 Sedalia, MO 1,090 414 1,567 -- 1,981 87 12/10/2010 2010 Sellersburg, IN 1,433 815 1,426 -- 2,241 89 9/13/2010 2010 Southwick, MA 2,428 1,521 2,261 -- 3,782 169 6/29/2010 2008 St. John, IN 2,247 360 3,445 -- 3,805 235 7/28/2010 2007 Stillwater, OK 1,205 163 1,999 -- 2,162 141 5/4/2010 2008 Summerdale, AL 1,210 238 1,783 -- 2,021 139 4/14/2010 2010 Troy, MO 1,286 623 1,529 -- 2,152 100 8/13/2010 2009 Tuscaloosa, AL -- 641 1,951 -- 2,592 7 11/21/2012 2012 Union, MO 1,404 512 1,784 -- 2,296 115 8/13/2010 2008 Wauseon, OH 1,374 596 1,563 -- 2,159 110 9/13/2010 2007 Trader Joe';s Lexington, KY 3,519 2,431 3,233 -- 5,664 48 7/17/2012 2012 Sarasota, FL -- 1,748 4,959 -- 6,707 43 9/25/2012 2008 Tutor Time Austin, TX (f) 216 1,445 -- 1,661 88 12/15/2010 2000 Downingtown, PA (f) 143 1,473 -- 1,616 84 12/15/2010 1998 Ulta Salon Jackson, TN 1,454 557 1,832 -- 2,389 127 11/5/2010 2010 Fort Gratiot, MI 1,104 289 1,382 -- 1,671 19 6/29/2012 2012 United Technologies Bradenton, FL 10,050 2,094 16,618 -- 18,712 541 12/8/2011 2004 University Plaza Flagstaff, AZ 8,350 3,008 11,545 845 15,398 1,130 11/17/2009 1982 USAA Fayetteville, NC -- 636 1,512 -- 2,148 16 8/29/2012 2012 VA Clinic Oceanside, CA 27,750 4,373 36,082 -- 40,455 1,027 12/22/2011 2010 Valley Blend Huntsville, AL -- 9,051 55,664 -- 64,715 63 12/19/2012 2001 Volusia Square Daytona Beach, FL 16,557 7,004 22,427 (25 ) 29,406 1,495 11/12/2010 2010 Walgreens Albuquerque, NM (f) 1,066 1,870 76 3,012 54 11/17/2011 1996 Anthony, TX (f) 1,125 2,831 -- 3,956 112 8/29/2011 2008 Appleton (Meade), WI 1,880 885 2,505 -- 3,390 183 2/3/2010 2008 Appleton(Northland), WI 2,736 1,385 3,249 -- 4,634 237 2/18/2010 2008 Augusta, ME 3,157 2,271 3,172 -- 5,443 231 3/5/2010 2007 Bartlett, TN (f) 1,716 1,516 -- 3,232 58 8/1/2011 2001 Baytown, TX 2,480 1,151 2,786 -- 3,937 208 2/23/2010 2009 Beloit, WI 2,184 763 3,064 -- 3,827 205 5/20/2010 2008 Birmingham, AL 1,560 660 2,015 -- 2,675 152 3/30/2010 1999 Brooklyn Park, MD 2,226 1,323 3,301 -- 4,624 254 12/23/2009 2008 Brownwood, TX (f) 1,511 3,527 -- 5,038 165 3/30/2011 2008 Cape Carteret, NC 2,400 971 2,461 -- 3,432 99 8/15/2011 2008 Chicago (79th St.), IL (f) 976 2,116 -- 3,092 87 5/5/2011 2003 S-21 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Walgreens (continued) Chicago (N. Canfield), IL $ (f) $ 818 $ 3,317 $ -- $ 4,135 $ 143 4/28/2011 2000 Chickasha, TX 1,869 746 2,900 -- 3,646 245 10/14/2009 2007 Clarkston, MI (f) 1,506 2,885 -- 4,391 111 6/24/2011 2001 Cleveland (Clark), OH 2,692 451 4,312 -- 4,763 313 2/10/2010 2008 Country Club Hills, MO (f) 717 3,697 -- 4,414 168 3/9/2011 2009 Decatur, GA (f) 1,490 2,167 -- 3,657 96 5/5/2011 2001 Denton, TX -- 887 3,535 -- 4,422 310 7/24/2009 2009 Dubuque, IA (f) 825 3,259 -- 4,084 122 8/12/2011 2008 Durham (Guess), NC 2,871 1,315 3,225 -- 4,540 203 7/20/2010 2010 Durham (Highway 54), NC 2,849 2,067 2,827 -- 4,894 197 4/28/2010 2008 Edmond, OK 2,250 901 2,656 -- 3,557 263 7/7/2009 2000 Elgin, IL 2,260 1,561 2,469 -- 4,030 192 12/30/2009 2002 Fayetteville, NC (f) 916 4,118 -- 5,034 216 12/30/2010 2009 Fort Mill, SC 2,272 1,137 2,532 -- 3,669 166 6/24/2010 2010 Framingham, MA 3,046 2,234 2,852 -- 5,086 220 1/19/2010 2007 Fredericksburg, VA 3,773 2,729 4,072 -- 6,801 405 1/9/2009 2008 Goose Creek, SC 2,700 1,277 3,240 -- 4,517 267 10/29/2009 2009 Grand Junction , CO -- 1,041 3,215 -- 4,256 271 9/30/2009 2009 Grayson, GA 2,720 1,129 2,965 -- 4,094 157 12/7/2010 2004 Greenville, NC 3,030 645 3,532 -- 4,177 261 2/19/2010 2009 Independence, MO (f) 1,240 2,436 -- 3,676 105 5/5/2011 2001 Indianapolis, IN -- 842 4,798 -- 5,640 476 1/6/2009 2008 Janesville (W Court), WI 2,235 689 3,099 -- 3,788 213 4/13/2010 2010 Janesville, WI 2,640 1,423 3,776 -- 5,199 291 12/18/2009 2008 Kingman, AZ 2,997 839 4,369 -- 5,208 318 2/25/2010 2009 La Crosse, WI (f) 1,638 3,107 -- 4,745 128 5/6/2011 2009 Lafayette, IN 2,350 635 2,425 -- 3,060 111 3/31/2011 2008 Lancaster (Palmdale), CA 2,719 1,349 3,219 -- 4,568 216 5/17/2010 2009 Lancaster, SC 2,980 2,021 2,970 -- 4,991 219 2/19/2010 2009 Leland, NC 2,472 1,252 2,835 -- 4,087 179 7/15/2010 2008 Liberty Township, OH (f) 1,353 3,285 -- 4,638 153 3/31/2011 2011 Loves Park, IL 1,767 892 2,644 -- 3,536 199 1/19/2010 2008 Machesney Park, IL 1,869 875 2,918 -- 3,793 225 12/16/2009 2008 Madisonville, KY (f) 1,083 2,517 -- 3,600 101 6/28/2011 2007 Matteson, IL 2,450 430 3,246 -- 3,676 174 11/30/2010 2008 Medina, OH (f) 829 2,966 -- 3,795 126 5/5/2011 2001 Muscatine, IA (f) 532 2,450 -- 2,982 105 5/5/2011 2001 New Albany, OR (f) 1,095 2,533 -- 3,628 136 12/2/2010 2006 North Mankato, MN 2,530 1,841 2,572 -- 4,413 182 3/18/2010 2008 North Platte, NE 2,328 1,123 3,367 -- 4,490 246 2/23/2010 2009 Omaha, NE 2,580 1,183 3,734 -- 4,917 273 2/25/2010 2009 Papillion, NE 1,967 1,039 2,731 -- 3,770 222 10/6/2009 2009 Pueblo, CO (f) 510 2,651 -- 3,161 138 12/7/2010 2003 Roanoke, VA (f) 1,042 3,923 -- 4,965 176 4/26/2011 2009 Rocky Mount, NC 2,995 1,419 3,516 -- 4,935 236 5/26/2010 2009 South Bend (Ironwood), IN 3,120 1,538 3,657 -- 5,195 283 12/21/2009 2006 South Bend, IN -- 1,234 3,245 -- 4,479 255 11/18/2009 2007 Spearfish, SD 2,426 1,028 3,355 -- 4,383 274 10/6/2009 2008 Springdale, AR 3,025 1,099 3,535 -- 4,634 143 6/29/2011 2009 St. Charles, IL 2,030 1,457 2,243 -- 3,700 175 12/30/2009 2002 S-22 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Walgreens (continued) Stillwater, OK $ (f) $ 562 $ 2,903 $ 8 $ 3,473 $ 289 7/21/2009 2000 Tucson (Harrison), AZ 2,910 1,415 3,075 -- 4,490 160 12/7/2010 2004 Tucson (River), AZ (f) 1,353 3,390 -- 4,743 186 11/12/2010 2003 Tulsa, OK 2,016 1,130 2,414 -- 3,544 249 1/6/2009 2001 Twin Falls, ID 2,432 1,088 3,153 -- 4,241 240 1/14/2010 2009 Union City, GA (f) 916 3,120 -- 4,036 112 9/9/2011 2005 Warner Robins, GA -- 1,171 2,585 -- 3,756 219 10/20/2009 2007 Watertown, NY (f) 2,696 2,545 -- 5,241 117 7/26/2011 2006 Wichita, KS (f) 667 2,727 -- 3,394 101 8/1/2011 2000 Wilmington, NC (f) 1,126 3,704 -- 4,830 163 4/21/2011 2010 Xenia, OH (f) 840 3,575 -- 4,415 112 10/4/2011 2009 Wal-Mart Albuquerque, NM 9,698 14,432 -- -- 14,432 -- 3/31/2009 (g) Cary, NC -- 2,749 5,062 -- 7,811 7 12/21/2012 2005 Douglasville, GA (f) 4,781 13,166 -- 17,947 628 7/28/2011 1999 Lancaster, SC -- 2,664 10,223 -- 12,887 359 12/21/2011 1999 Las Vegas , NV 7,925 13,237 -- -- 13,237 -- 3/31/2009 (g) Pueblo, CO 8,250 1,877 10,162 -- 12,039 679 11/12/2010 1998 Riverside, CA 55,000 12,078 72,714 -- 84,792 2,676 7/25/2011 2011 Waterside Marketplace Chesterfield, MI 19,350 8,078 15,727 911 24,716 1,463 12/20/2010 2007 WaWa Gap, PA -- 912 4,550 -- 5,462 45 8/29/2012 2005 Portsmouth, VA 1,241 2,080 -- -- 2,080 -- 9/30/2010 (g) Wells Fargo Hillsboro, NH 13,500 8,088 15,955 -- 24,043 1,247 12/8/2010 1979 Wendy';s Avon (10565 US36), IN -- 820 636 -- 1,456 1 12/27/2012 1999 Avon (5201 US36), IN -- 686 596 -- 1,282 1 12/27/2012 1990 Bellingham, WA -- 395 574 -- 969 1 12/27/2012 1994 Bothell, WA -- 317 407 -- 724 -- 12/27/2012 2004 Carmel (116th St), IN -- 881 73 -- 954 -- 12/27/2012 1980 Carmel (Michigan Rd), IN -- 826 556 -- 1,382 1 12/27/2012 2001 Fishers (116th St), IN -- 722 561 -- 1,283 1 12/27/2012 1999 Fishers (Olivia), IN -- 559 652 -- 1,211 1 12/27/2012 2012 Greenfield, IN -- 343 390 -- 733 -- 12/27/2012 1980 Henderson (Eastern), NV -- 589 643 -- 1,232 1 12/27/2012 2000 Henderson (Green), NV -- 748 926 -- 1,674 1 12/27/2012 1997 Henderson (Lake), NV -- 670 507 -- 1,177 1 12/27/2012 1999 Indianapolis, IN -- 641 533 -- 1,174 1 12/27/2012 1993 Las Vegas (Lake Mead), NV -- 460 609 -- 1,069 1 12/27/2012 1995 Las Vegas (Nellis), NV -- 647 514 -- 1,161 1 12/27/2012 1984 Las Vegas (Rancho), NV -- 755 809 -- 1,564 1 12/27/2012 1991 Las Vegas (W Flamingo), NV -- 556 552 -- 1,108 1 12/27/2012 1986 Las Vegas (Charleston), NV -- 761 625 -- 1,386 1 12/27/2012 1976 Las Vegas (E. Flamingo), NV -- 319 539 -- 858 1 12/27/2012 1976 Lebanon, IN -- 1,445 767 -- 2,212 1 12/27/2012 2012 Noblesville, IN -- 546 69 -- 615 -- 12/27/2012 2012 S-23 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Gross Amount at Which Carried Initial Costs to Company Total At December 31, Accumulated Buildings & Adjustment 2012 Depreciation Date Date Description (a) Encumbrances Land Improvements to Basis (b) (c) (d) (e) Acquired Constructed Wendy';s (continued) Port Angeles, WA -- 437 1,237 -- 1,674 1 12/27/2012 1980 Redmond, WA $ -- $ 730 $ 246 $ -- $ 976 $ -- 12/27/2012 1977 San Antonio (De Zavala), TX -- 927 520 -- 1,447 1 12/27/2012 1995 San Antonio (Loop 410), TX -- 627 461 -- 1,088 -- 12/27/2012 1990 San Antonio (Southcross), TX -- 572 927 -- 1,499 1 12/27/2012 1992 San Antonio (Stone Oak), TX -- 863 248 -- 1,111 -- 12/27/2012 2000 San Antonio, TX -- 1,108 244 -- 1,352 -- 12/27/2012 2003 San Marcos, TX -- 575 778 -- 1,353 1 12/27/2012 2002 Schertz, TX -- 984 213 -- 1,197 -- 12/27/2012 1994 Selma, TX -- 1,368 252 -- 1,620 -- 12/27/2012 2003 Silverdale, WA -- 1,144 1,777 -- 2,921 2 12/27/2012 1995 West Marine Fort Lauderdale, FL (f) 3,772 6,685 -- 10,457 148 3/15/2012 2011 Harrison Township, MI (f) 666 2,623 -- 3,289 50 4/30/2012 2009 West/East Valley Shopping Center Saginaw, MI -- 299 3,111 -- 3,410 5 12/31/2012 2009 Saginaw (East), MI -- 729 19,679 -- 20,408 33 12/31/2012 1996 Whittwood Town Center Whittier, CA 43,000 35,268 64,486 408 100,162 5,081 8/27/2010 2006 White Oak Village Richmond, VA 34,250 12,243 44,405 -- 56,648 481 8/30/2012 2008 Whole Foods Hinsdale, IL 5,710 4,227 6,749 -- 10,976 491 5/28/2010 1999 Widewater Village Uniontown, PA -- 1,785 4,208 -- 5,993 103 4/30/2012 2008 Winchester Station Winchester, VA 17,000 4,743 24,724 -- 29,467 834 9/29/2011 2005 $ 2,415,190 $ 1,495,935 $ 4,372,195 $ 46,399 $ 5,914,529 (a) As of December 31, 2012 , the Company owned 807 &#32;single-tenant retail properties, 120 &#32;single-tenant freestanding commercial properties, 70 &#32;multi-tenant retail properties, 16 &#32;office and industrial properties and one &#32;land parcel. (b) The aggregate cost for federal income tax purposes is approximately $6.9 billion . S-24 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) (c) The following is a reconciliation of total real estate carrying value for the years ended December 31: 2012 2011 2010 Balance, beginning of period $ 4,498,384 $ 2,572,898 $ 596,425 Additions Acquisitions 1,743,548 1,922,180 1,975,533 Improvements 98,337 3,376 1,003 Adjustment to basis -- -- -- Total additions 1,841,885 1,925,556 1,976,536 Deductions Cost of real estate sold (425,577 ) -- -- Other (including provisions for impairment of real estate assets) (163 ) (70 ) (63 ) Total deductions (425,740 ) (70 ) (63 ) Balance, end of period $ 5,914,529 $ 4,498,384 $ 2,572,898 (d) The following is a reconciliation of accumulated depreciation for the years ended December 31: 2012 2011 2010 Balance, beginning of period $ 98,707 $ 28,868 $ 3,178 Additions Acquisitions - Depreciation Expense for Building, Acquisitions Costs & Tenant Improvements Acquired 109,614 69,756 25,672 Improvements - Depreciation Expense for Tenant Improvements and Building Equipment 919 83 18 Total additions 110,533 69,839 25,690 Deductions Cost of real estate sold (20,541 ) -- -- Other (including provisions for impairment of real estate assets) -- -- -- Total deductions (20,541 ) -- -- Balance, end of period $ 188,699 $ 98,707 $ 28,868 (e) The Company';s assets are depreciated or amortized using the straight-lined method over the useful lives of the assets by class. Generally, tenant improvements and lease intangibles are amortized over the respective lease term and buildings are depreciated over 40 &#32;years. (f) Property is included in the Credit Facility';s underlying collateral pool of 309 &#32;commercial properties. As of December 31, 2012 , the Company had $ 767.8 million &#32;outstanding under the Credit Facility. (g) Subject to a ground lease and therefore date constructed is not applicable. S-25 COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST III, INC. SCHEDULE IV - MORTGAGE LOANS ON REAL ESTATE (in thousands) Mortgage Loans Receivable Description Location Interest Rate as of December 31, 2012 (a) Final Maturity Date Periodic Payment Terms (b) Prior Liens Outstanding Face Amount of Mortgages (in thousands) Carrying Amount of Mortgages (in thousands) (c) Consol Energy Notes Office (d) 5.93% 10/1/2018 P & I None $ 72,860 $ 64,923 Junior Mezzanine Note Retail (e) 9.50% 7/1/2015 I None 25,000 25,435 $ 97,860 $ 90,358 (a) Represents the interest rate in effect under the loan as of December 31, 2012. (b) P & I = Principal and interest payments; I = Interest only. (c) The aggregate cost for Federal Income Tax purposes is $87.7 million &#32; (d) The Consol Energy Notes are secured by two &#32;office buildings located in Pennsylvania. (e) The Junior Mezzanine Note is secured by 15 &#32;commercial retail centers located in various states. The following shows changes in the carrying amounts of mortgage loans receivable during the period (in thousands): 2012 2011 2010 Balance, beginning of period $ 64,683 $ 63,933 $ -- Additions: New mortgage loans 25,000 -- 74,000 Discount on new mortgage loans and capitalized loan costs -- -- (12,000 ) Acquisition costs related to investment in mortgage notes receivable 500 -- 1,291 Deductions: Collections of principal (864 ) (276 ) -- Accretion of discount and amortization of premium and capitalized loan costs 1,039 1,026 642 Balance, end of period $ 90,358 $ 64,683 $ 63,933 S-26 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, this 29th day of March 2013. Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc. By: /s/ D. KIRK MCALLASTER, JR. D. Kirk McAllaster, Jr. Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ CHRISTOPHER H. COLE Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President March 29, 2013 Christopher H. Cole (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ D. KIRK MCALLASTER, JR. Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and March 29, 2013 D. Kirk McAllaster, Jr. Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ SIMON J. MISSELBROOK Senior Vice President of Accounting March 29, 2013 Simon J. Misselbrook (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ MARC T. NEMER Director March 29, 2013 Marc T. Nemer /s/ THOMAS A. ANDRUSKEVICH Director March 29, 2013 Thomas A. Andruskevich /s/ SCOTT P. SEALY, SR. Director March 29, 2013 Scott P. Sealy, Sr. /s/ LEONARD W. WOOD Director March 29, 2013 Leonard W. Wood Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX The following exhibits are included, or incorporated by reference, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 &#32;(and are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 5, 2013, by and among Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc., CREInvestments, LLC, Cole Holdings Corporation and the Holdings Stockholder (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company';s Form 8-K (File No. 000-53960), filed on March 8, 2013). 3.1 Third Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company';s pre-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on September 29, 2008). 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company';s pre-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on May 7, 2008). 3.3 Articles of Amendment (Incorporated by reference to the Company';s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-149290) filed on April 9, 2010). 3.4 Second Articles of Amendment of Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company';s post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-164884), filed on July 22, 2011). 3.5* Certificate of Correction to Fifth Articles of Amendment and Restatement, filed January 25, 2013. 4.1 Form of Subscription Agreement and Subscription Agreement Signature Page (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company';s post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-164884), filed January 18, 2012). 4.2 Form of Additional Investment Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company';s post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-164884), filed January 18, 2012). 4.3 Form of Alternative Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company';s post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-164884), filed January 18, 2012). 4.4 Form of Alternative Additional Investment Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company';s post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-164884), filed January 18, 2012). 4.5 Form of Alternative Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company';s post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-164884), filed April 22, 2011). 4.6 Form of Alternative Additional Investment Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company';s post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-164884), filed April 22, 2011). 10.1 Property Management and Leasing Agreement by and among Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc., Cole REIT III Operating Partnership, LP and Cole Realty Advisors, Inc. dated October 8, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on October 9, 2008). 10.2 [Reserved.] 10.3 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Cole REIT III Operating Partnership, LP, by and between Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc. and the limited partners thereto dated May 6, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on October 9, 2008). 10.4 Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Company';s registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-180077), filed March 14, 2012). 10.5 Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement by and between Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc. and Cole REIT Advisors III, LLC, dated October 1, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company';s Form 8-K (File No. 333-164884), filed on October 7, 2010). 10.6 First Mortgage, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of June 22, 2009, by and between Cole WM Albuquerque NM, LLC and Aviva Life and Annuity Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company';s Form 8-K (File No. 333-149290), filed on June 26, 2009). Table of Contents Exhibit No. Description 10.7 Junior Mortgage, Security and Fixture Filing Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2009, by and between Cole WM Albuquerque NM, LLC and Aviva Life and Annuity Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 8-K (File No. 333-149290), filed on June 26, 2009). 10.8 Promissory Note, dated June 22, 2009, by and between Cole WM Albuquerque NM, LLC and Aviva Life and Annuity Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company';s Form 8-K (File No. 333-149290), filed on June 26, 2009). 10.9 First Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of June 22, 2009, by and between Cole MT Las Vegas NV, LLC and Aviva Life and Annuity Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form 8-K (File No. 333-149290), filed on June 26, 2009). 10.10 Promissory Note, dated June 22, 2009, by and between Cole MT Las Vegas NV, LLC and Aviva Life and Annuity Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Form 8-K (File No. 333-149290), filed on June 26, 2009). 10.11 First Mortgage, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of June 22, 2009, by and between Cole WG South Yale Avenue (Tulsa) OK, LLC and Aviva Life and Annuity Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Form 8-K (File No. 333-149290), filed on June 26, 2009). 10.12 Promissory Note, dated June 22, 2009, by and between Cole WG South Yale Avenue (Tulsa) OK, LLC and Aviva Life and Annuity Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Form 8-K (File No. 333-149290), filed on June 26, 2009). 10.13 First Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated June 22, 2009, by and between Cole WG Fredericksburg VA, LLC and Aviva Life and Annuity Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company';s Form 8-K (File No. 333-149290), filed on June 26, 2009). 10.14 Promissory Note, dated June 22, 2009, by and between Cole WG Fredericksburg VA, LLC and Aviva Life and Annuity Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's Form 8-K (File No. 333-149290), filed on June 26, 2009). 10.15 Loan Agreement dated August 31, 2009, by and between Jackson National Life Insurance Company, as Lender and Cole HD San Diego CA, LP; Cole HT Durham NC, LLC; Cole KO Monrovia CA, LP; COLE HH North Charleston SC, LLC; Cole WG Edmond OK, LLC; Cole CV Southaven MS, LLC; Cole KO Tavares FL, LLC; Cole BB Coral Springs FL, LLC, collectively as Borrowers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.16 Fixed Rate Promissory Note dated August 31, 2009 by and between Jackson National Life Insurance Company, as Noteholder and Cole HD San Diego CA, LP; Cole HT Durham NC, LLC; Cole KO Monrovia CA, LP; COLE HH North Charleston SC, LLC; Cole WG Edmond OK, LLC; Cole CV Southaven MS, LLC; Cole KO Tavares FL, LLC; Cole BB Coral Springs FL, LLC collectively as Maker (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333- 149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.17 Affiliated Party Subordination and Cross-Default Agreement dated August 31, 2009 by and between Cole REIT III Operating Partnership and Jackson National Life Insurance Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.18 Deed of Trust and Absolute Assignment of Rents and Leases and Security Agreement and Fixture Filing dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Abilene TX, LLC and J. Edward Blakey as Trustee for the benefit of Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.19 Promissory Note dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Abilene TX, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.20 Deed to Secure Debt and Absolute Assignment of Rents and Leases and Security Agreement dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Braselton GA, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the Company';s post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.21 Promissory Note dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Braselton GA, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Company';s post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). Table of Contents Exhibit No. Description 10.22 Deed to Secure Debt and Absolute Assignment of Rents and Leases and Security Agreement dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Bremen GA, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the Company';s post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.23 Promissory Note dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Bremen GA, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Company';s post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.24 Deed of Trust, Absolute Assignment of Rents and Leases and Security Agreement (and Fixture Filing) dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Bristol VA, LLC and Alexander Title Agency Incorporated as Trustee for the benefit of Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to the Company';s post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.25 Promissory Note dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Bristol VA, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Company';s post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.26 Deed to Secure Debt and Absolute Assignment of Rents and Leases and Security Agreement dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Columbus GA, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Company';s post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.28 Deed of Trust, Absolute Assignment of Rents and Leases and Security Agreement (and Fixture Filing) dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Emporia VA, LLC and Alexander Title Agency Incorporated as Trustee for the benefit of Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.29 Promissory Note dated as August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Emporia VA, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.30 Mortgage and Absolute Assignment of Rents and Leases and Security Agreement (and Fixture Filing) dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Fort Mill SC, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.31 Promissory Note dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Fort Mill SC, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.32 Deed of Trust, Absolute Assignment of Rents and Leases and Security Agreement (and Fixture Filing) dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Greensboro NC, LLC and J. Edward Blakey as Trustee for the benefit of Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.33 Promissory Note dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Greensboro NC, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.34 Deed of Trust, Absolute Assignment of Rents and Leases and Security Agreement (and Fixture Filing) dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Mebane NC, LLC and J. Edward Blakey as Trustee for the benefit of Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.35 Promissory Note dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Mebane NC, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.36 Mortgage and Absolute Assignment of Rents and Leases and Security Agreement (and Fixture Filing) dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Piedmont SC, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.38 Deed of Trust, Absolute Assignment of Rents and Leases and Security Agreement (and Fixture Filing) dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Rocky Mount NC, LLC and J. Edward Blakey as Trustee for the benefit of Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). Table of Contents Exhibit No. Description 10.39 Promissory Note dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Rocky Mount NC, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to the Company';s post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.40 Deed of Trust and Absolute Assignment of Rents and Leases and Security Agreement (and Fixture Filing) dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB San Antonio TX, LLC and J. Edward Blakey as Trustee for the benefit of Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to the Company';s post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.41 Promissory Note dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB San Antonio TX, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.42 Deed of Trust and Absolute Assignment of Rents and Leases and Security Agreement (and Fixture Filing) dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Sherman TX, LLC and J. Edward Blakey as Trustee for the benefit of Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.70 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.43 Promissory Note dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Sherman TX, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.71 to the Company';s post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.44 Deed of Trust and Absolute Assignment of Rents and Leases and Security Agreement (and Fixture Filing) dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Waynesboro VA, LLC and Alexander Title Agency as Trustee Incorporated for the benefit of Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.72 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.45 Promissory Note dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Waynesboro VA, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.73 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.46 Deed of Trust and Absolute Assignment of Rents and Leases and Security Agreement (and Fixture Filing) dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Woodstock VA, LLC and Alexander Title Agency Incorporated as Trustee for the benefit of Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.74 to the Company';s post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.47 Promissory Note dated as of August 31, 2009 by and between Cole CB Woodstock VA, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, NA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.75 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on November 2, 2009). 10.48 Borrowing Base Revolving Line of Credit Agreement dated as of December 16, 2009 by and between Cole REIT III Operating Partnership, LP and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, collectively as Borrower, and TCF National Bank, a national banking association. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.76 to the Company's post-effective amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on January 29, 2010). 10.49 Deed of Trust and Security Agreement dated as of December 18, 2009 by and between Cole HD Winchester VA, LLC and Manus E. Holmes Incorporated as Trustee for the benefit of Peoples United Bank, a federally chartered banking corporation. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.77 to the Company's post-effective amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on January 29, 2010). 10.50 Mortgage and Security Agreement dated as of December 18, 2009 by and between Cole TS Gloucester NJ, LLC and Peoples United Bank, a federally chartered banking corporation. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.78 to the Company's post-effective amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on January 29, 2010). 10.51 Promissory Note dated December 18, 2009 by and between Peoples United Bank, a federally chartered banking corporation, as Lender and Cole TS Gloucester NJ, LLC and Cole HD Winchester VA, LLC, collectively as Borrowers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.79 to the Company's post-effective amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on January 29, 2010). 10.52 Loan Agreement dated December 22, 2009 by and between Jackson National Life Insurance Company, as Lender and Cole HD Tucson AZ, LLC, Cole MT Flagstaff AZ, LLC, Cole WG Goose Creek SC, LLC, Cole PX Mountain Brook AL, LLC, Cole TS Irmo SC, LLC, Cole LO Kansas City MS, LLC and Cole KO Columbia SC, LLC, collectively as Borrowers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.80 to the Company's post-effective amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on January 29, 2010). Table of Contents Exhibit No. Description 10.53 Fixed Rate Promissory Note dated December 22, 2009 by and between Jackson National Life Insurance Company, as Noteholder and Cole HD Tucson AZ, LLC, Cole MT Flagstaff AZ, LLC, Cole WG Goose Creek SC, LLC, Cole PX Mountain Brook AL, LLC, Cole TS Irmo SC, LLC, Cole LO Kansas City MS, LLC and Cole KO Columbia SC, LLC, collectively as Maker. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.81 to the Company's post-effective amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on January 29, 2010). 10.54 Borrowing Base Revolving Line of Credit Agreement dated as of January 6, 2010 by and between Cole REIT III Operating Partnership, LP and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, collectively as Borrower and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, US Bank National Association, as Sole Syndication Agent, RBS Citizens, N.A., D/B/A Charter One, as Co-Documentation Agent, Comerica Bank, as Co-Documentation Agent and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., as Sole Bookrunner and Sole Lead Arranger. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.82 to the Company's post-effective amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on January 29, 2010). 10.55 First Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing dated as of January 27, 2010 by and between Cole MT Austin TX, LLC and Bryan E. Loocke as Trustee for the benefit of Aviva Life and Annuity Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.83 to the Company's post-effective amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on January 29, 2010). 10.56 Promissory Note, dated January 27, 2010, by and between Cole MTAustin TX, LLC and Aviva Life and Annuity Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.84 to the Company's post-effective amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on January 29, 2010). 10.57 Loan Agreement, dated April 1, 2010, by and between Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc., and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, collectively as Borrower, and The Royal Bank of Scotland PLC as lender. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.85 to the Company's post-effective amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on April 16, 2010). 10.58 Loan Agreement, dated April 1, 2010, by and between Cole Mezzco CCPT III, LLC as Borrower, and RCG LV Debt IV REIT, LP as lender. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.86 to the Company's post-effective amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on April 16, 2010). 10.59 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of April 30, 2010 by and between City Center Bellevue Development LLC and Cole MT Bellevue WA, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.76 to the Company's pre-effective amendment on Form S-11 (File No. 333-164884) filed on May 13, 2010). 10.60 Loan Agreement dated May 19, 2010 by and between Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc., as Borrower and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.88 to the Company's post-effective amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed August 2, 2010). 10.61 Loan Agreement dated June 4, 2010 by and between Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc. as Borrower and Goldman Sachs Commercial Mortgage Capital, L.P., as Lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.89 to the Company's post-effective amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed August 2, 2010). 10.62 Loan Agreement dated as of July 30, 2010 by and between Cole MT Bellevue WA, LLC as Borrower and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as Lender, administrative agent, sole book runner and lead arranger (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.90 to the Company's post-effective amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed August 3, 2010). 10.63 Loan Agreement dated August 25, 2010 by and between Cole AT Dallas TX, LLC, Cole IG Katy TX, LLC, Cole CI Plano TX, LLC, Cole XP Schaumburg IL, LLC and Cole HD Tolleson AZ, LLC, collectively as Borrower and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as Lender, Administrative Agent, Syndication Agent, Documentation Agent and Sole Book Runner and Lead Arranger (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.91 to the Company's pre-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-164884), filed on September 17, 2010). 10.64 Agreement for Purchase and Sale of Real Estate dated September 12, 2010 by Cole REIT III Operating Partnership, LP as Purchaser and Albertson's LLC and certain of its wholly-owned entities, collectively as Seller (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.92 to the Company's pre-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-164884), filed on September 17, 2010). 10.65 Loan Agreement dated December 15, 2010 by and between Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc., as Borrower and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association as Lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000 53960), filed on March 31, 2011). Table of Contents Exhibit No. Description 10.66 Credit Agreement dated June 27, 2011 by and between Cole REIT III Operating Partnership, LP as Borrower and Bank of America, National Association as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and LIC Issuer, JP Morgan Chase Bank, National Association as Syndication Agent, U.S. Bank National Association, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Regions Bank as Co-Documentation Agents and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Managers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-164884), filed on July 22, 2011). 10.67 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated December 6, 2011 by and between Cole REIT III Operating Partnership, LP as Borrower and Bank of America, National Association as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-164884), filed on January 18, 2012). 10.68 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement by and between Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc. and Cole REIT Advisors III, LLC, dated November 9, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to the Company's post-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-164884), filed on January 18, 2012). 10.69* Employment Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2013, by and among Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc., Cole REIT III Operating Partnership, LP and Christopher H. Cole. 10.70* Employment Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2013, by and among Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc., Cole REIT III Operating Partnership, LP and Marc T. Nemer. 14.1 Cole Credit Property Trust III, Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (Incorporated by reference to the Company's pre-effective amendment on Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed September 29, 2008). 21.1* List of Subsidiaries (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company's pre-effective amendment to Form S-11 (File No. 333-149290), filed on September 29, 2008). 23.1* Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 31.1* Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14 (a) or 15d-14 (a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 31.2* Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14 (a) or 15d-14 (a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 32.1** Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 101.INS*** XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH*** XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL*** XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF*** XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB*** XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE*** XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. ________________ Table of Contents * Filed herewith. ** In accordance with Item 601(b) (32) of Regulation S-K, this Exhibit is not deemed ";filed"; for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Such certifications will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. *** XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

