 
 8-K
 1
 t1500507_8k.htm
 FORM 8-K

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 8-K 

 CURRENT REPORT 

 Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 5, 2015 

 NII HOLDINGS, INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

 Delaware 
 000-32421 
 91-1671412 
 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction 
 (Commission File Number) 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 
 of
 incorporation) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

 1875 Explorer Street, Suite 800 
 20190 
 
 Reston, Virginia 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

 Registrant's telephone number, including area
code: (703) 390-5100 

 Not Applicable 

 (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report) 

 Check the appropriate box below if the Form
8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

 Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

 Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

 Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

 o Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

 Item 1.01 Entry into a Definitive Material
Agreement. 

 NII Holdings, Inc. ("NII"), together
with certain of its U.S. and Luxembourg-domiciled direct and indirect subsidiaries (collectively, the "NII Debtors")
that are debtors and debtors-in-possession in chapter 11 cases (the "Chapter 11 Cases") pending in the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court for the Southern District of New York (the "Bankruptcy Court"), holders of approximately $1.93 billion,
or 70%, of the senior notes issued by NII Capital Corp. ("NII Capital") and approximately $1.15 billion, or
72%, of the senior notes issued by NII International Telecom S.C.A. ("NIIT") (collectively, the "Consenting
Noteholders"), and the official committee of unsecured creditors appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases (the "Committee")
have reached agreement regarding the terms of a revised plan of reorganization (the "Plan"). 

 The NII Debtors will file and propose the
Plan in the Chapter 11 Cases jointly with the Committee (together with the NII Debtors, the "Plan Proponents").
The Plan will implement a consensual reorganization of the NII Debtors following the completion of the proposed sale of NII's
operations in Mexico pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement dated January 26, 2015 among NII and certain of its subsidiaries
and New Cingular Wireless Services, Inc., an indirect subsidiary of AT&T, Inc. The terms of the proposed Plan are memorialized
in a term sheet agreed among the Plan Proponents and the Consenting Noteholders (the "Plan Term Sheet"). 

 On March 5, 2015, the NII Debtors,
the Consenting Noteholders and the Committee entered into a Plan Support Agreement (the "PSA") that will govern the
respective parties' obligations in connection with the formulation and filing of the Plan and the solicitation of votes
with respect to the Plan. The PSA will become effective as to the NII Debtors upon the entry of an order of the Bankruptcy Court
approving the PSA and authorizing their entry into it. A copy of the Plan Term Sheet is attached to the PSA, which is included
as an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K. 

 Among other things, the PSA requires (i) the
Plan Proponents to file and solicit votes on the Plan, (ii) the Consenting Noteholders to vote in favor of and otherwise support
the Plan, and (iii) the parties thereto to use commercially reasonable efforts in furtherance of obtaining confirmation of the
Plan and consummating the transactions contemplated under the Plan Term Sheet. The PSA contains certain milestone events that
must be achieved by specified dates, which include the Bankruptcy Court's approval and completion of the sale of NII's
operations in Mexico, confirmation of the Plan and the occurrence of the effective date of the Plan. The PSA may be terminated
under various circumstances, including the failure of any of these milestone events to occur by the applicable date specified
in the PSA. 

 In accordance with the PSA, the Plan will
be consistent with the Plan Term Sheet and provide for, among other things, the conversion of the senior notes issued by NII Capital
and NIIT (the "Senior Notes") into a combination of cash representing a portion of the net proceeds received
from the sale of NII's operations in Mexico and equity interests in the reorganized NII. The Plan will also implement a
proposed settlement of certain estate claims and claims related to the purported release of certain guarantees of the Senior Notes
issued by NII Capital due 2016 and due 2019. The Plan Term Sheet also contemplates that the Consenting Noteholders will provide
postpetition financing to the NII Debtors to provide liquidity to the NII Debtors pending the completion of the sale of the operations
in Mexico. 

 The foregoing descriptions of the PSA and
the Plan Term Sheet are qualified in their entirety by reference to the PSA attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and the Plan Term
Sheet, a copy of which is attached to the PSA. 

 Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure. 

 On March 6, 2015, NII issued a news
release announcing the agreement reflected in the Plan Term 

 2 

 Sheet. A copy of the news release is attached
hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 From time to time, NII has disclosed certain
information provided to certain holders of the Senior Notes on the "Bondholder Information" page under the Investor
Relations page of its website at www.nii.com. 

 The information in Exhibit 99.1 is being
furnished, not filed. Accordingly, such information will not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement filed
by NII or any related entity under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, unless specifically identified therein as being incorporated
by reference therein. By filing this Current Report on Form 8-K and furnishing this information, NII makes no admission as to
the materiality of this information. 

 Item 9.01. Financial Statements
and Exhibits. 

 (d) Exhibits. 

 Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 10.1 
 
 Plan Support Agreement, dated March 5, 2015, by and among NII Holdings, Inc., NII
 Capital Corp., NII Funding Corp., NII Aviation, Inc., Nextel International (Services), Ltd., NII Global Holdings, Inc., NII
 International Holdings S. r.l., NII International Services S. r.l, NII International Telecom S.C.A., NII Mercosur,
 LLC, McCaw International (Brazil), LLC, Airfone Holdings, LLC, and NIU Holdings LLC, entities managed by Aurelius Capital
 Management, LP, entities managed by Capital Research and Management Company, members of the Ad Hoc Committee of Luxco Holders,
 and the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors of NII Holdings, Inc., et al. 

 99.1 
 
 Press Release dated March 6, 2015 

 3 

 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized. 

 NII HOLDINGS, INC. 

 (Registrant) 

 Dated: March 6, 2015 
 By: 
 /s/
 SHANA C. SMITH 

 Shana C. Smith 
Vice President and Secretary 

 4 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 

 Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

 10.1 
 
 Plan Support Agreement, dated March
 5, 2015, by and among NII Holdings, Inc., NII Capital Corp., NII Funding Corp., NII Aviation, Inc., Nextel International
 (Services), Ltd., NII Global Holdings, Inc., NII International Holdings S. r.l., NII International Services S. 
 r.l, NII International Telecom S.C.A., NII Mercosur, LLC, McCaw International (Brazil), LLC, Airfone Holdings, LLC, and NIU
 Holdings LLC, entities managed by Aurelius Capital Management, LP, entities managed by Capital Research and Management Company,
 members of the Ad Hoc Committee of Luxco Holders, and the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors of NII Holdings, Inc.,
 et al. 

 99.1 
 
 Press Release dated March 6,
 2015 

 5 

