 
 EX-99.1
 2
 a10-4165_1ex99d1.htm
 EX-99.1

 Exhibit
99.1 

 LOTTERY GAMING FACILITY MANAGEMENT CONTRACT 

 (Pursuant
to the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act) 

 This LOTTERY GAMING FACILITY
MANAGEMENT CONTRACT is for the development, construction, and management of a
Lottery Gaming Facility, the business of which will be owned and operated by
the Kansas Lottery, to be located in the Northeast Gaming Zone. 

 This Agreement is between
the Kansas Lottery, which is acting on behalf of the State of Kansas in
accordance with the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act, K.S.A. 2008 Supp. 74-8733
through 74-8773, and Kansas Entertainment, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (&#147;Manager&#148;). 

 NOW THEREFORE, in
consideration for the mutual promises and covenants between the parties, it is
agreed that: 

 1. Certain
Defined Terms . The capitalized terms listed below will have the
following meanings. Any other capitalized terms not specifically defined in
this Agreement will have the meanings attributed to them in the Kansas Lottery
Act, the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act, or the rules and regulations
implementing those Acts, as the case may be, and as amended from time to time. 

 a) &#147;Ancillary Lottery Gaming
Facility Operations&#148; means additional non-lottery facility game products and
services not owned and operated by the state which may be included in the
overall development associated with the Lottery Gaming Facility. Such
operations may include, but are not limited to, restaurants, hotels, motels,
museums or entertainment facilities. 

 b) &#147;Application for Lottery
Gaming Facility Manager&#148; means the competitive proposal and all attachments
submitted to the Kansas Lottery by Manager under the Kansas Expanded Lottery
Act for the privilege of being designated the Lottery Gaming Facility Manager
in the Northeast Gaming Zone. 

 c) &#147;Business Plan&#148; means the
document prepared by Manager and approved by the Executive Director, at least
annually, setting out the management activities anticipated for the Lottery
Gaming Facility as provided below in Paragraph 11 for an upcoming Fiscal Year
or portion of Fiscal Year as the case may be. 

 d) &#147;Commencement Date&#148; means
the date specified in writing when the Executive Director first determines
Manager has satisfied all conditions required by this Agreement so that Lottery
Facility Games may be offered for play at the Lottery Gaming Facility. 

 e) &#147;Commission&#148; means the
Kansas Lottery Commission. 

 f) &#147;Effective Date&#148; means the
date this Agreement is signed by all the parties and all required approvals for
the Agreement are obtained in accordance with the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act
and rules and regulations promulgated pursuant thereto. 

 1 

 g) &#147;Electronic Gaming Machine&#148;
means any electronic, electromechanical, video or computerized device,
contrivance or machine authorized by the Kansas Lottery which, upon insertion
of cash, tokens, electronic cards or any consideration, is available to play,
operate or simulate the play of a game authorized by the Kansas Lottery
pursuant to the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act, including, but not limited to,
bingo, poker, roulette, blackjack, keno and slot machines, and which may
deliver or entitle the Player operating the machine to receive cash, tokens,
merchandise or credits that may be redeemed for cash, tokens, service or
merchandise. Electronic Gaming Machines may use bill validators and may be
single-position reel-type, single or multi-game video and single-position
multi-game video electronic game, including, but not limited to, poker,
blackjack and slot machines. Electronic Gaming Machines are one type of Lottery
Facility Games. 

 h) &#147;Executive Director&#148; means
the executive director of the Kansas Lottery. 

 i) &#147;Fiscal Year&#148; means the
accounting year established for the Lottery Gaming Facility, which is specified
here to be the twelve month period commencing December 1 and ending on November 30,
and includes any partial (short) year. 

 j) &#147;Gray Machine&#148; means any
mechanical, electro-mechanical or electronic device, available to the public
for play that is capable of being used for gambling, that is: (1) not
authorized by the Kansas Lottery; (2) not linked to the lottery central
computer system as required by the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act; or (3) capable
of simulating a game played on an Electronic Gaming Machine or any similar
gambling game authorized pursuant to the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act. 

 k) &#147;Immediately&#148; means as soon
a practicable given the circumstances of the incident but in no case more than
24 hours. 

 l) &#147;Kansas Expanded Lottery Act&#148;
means the provisions contained in K.S.A. 2008 Supp. 74-8733 et seq. , and amendments thereto which may become effective
during this Agreement&#146;s term. 

 m) &#147;Kansas Lottery&#148; means the
state agency created by the Kansas Lottery Act, K.S.A. 74-8701, et seq ., as amended, to operate a lottery
or lotteries pursuant to the Kansas Lottery Act or the Kansas Expanded Lottery
Act. 

 n) &#147;Lottery Facility Games&#148;
means any Electronic Gaming Machines and any other games authorized, as of January 1,
2007, to be conducted or operated at a tribal gaming facility, as defined in
K.S.A. 74-9802, and amendments thereto, located within the State of Kansas&#146;
boundaries and are owned and operated by the Kansas Lottery. 

 o) &#147;Lottery Gaming Enterprise&#148;
means the entertainment enterprise and all facilities and operations associated
therewith, including a Lottery Gaming Facility and Ancillary 

 2 

 Lottery Gaming Facility
Operations, as more fully set forth in the Manager&#146;s Application for Lottery
Gaming Facility Manager. 

 p) &#147;Lottery Gaming Facility&#148;
means (i) that portion of the Lottery Gaming Enterprise used for the
purposes of operating, managing and maintaining Lottery Facility Games, as more
fully described in the Application for Lottery Gaming Facility Manager filed by
Manager with the Kansas Lottery or (ii) a temporary facility for the
purposes of operating, managing and maintaining Lottery Facility Games as
approved by the Executive Director. 

 q) &#147;Lottery Gaming Facility
Revenues&#148; means the total revenues from the play of Lottery Facility Games
operated at the Lottery Gaming Facility after all related Prizes are paid. This
term does not include (i) money generated from Ancillary Lottery Gaming
Facility Operations (to which the Kansas Lottery has no financial interest)
even if the revenue is generated within the Lottery Gaming Facility or (ii) Promotional
Credit(s). 

 r) &#147;Player&#148; means a person who:
(1) takes part in a Lottery Facility Game by paying consideration or using
Promotional Credit for the chance of winning a Prize; and (2) is lawfully
eligible to play a Lottery Facility Game under the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act
or applicable rules and regulations. 

 s) &#147;Progressive Electronic Game&#148;
means a game played on one or more Electronic Gaming Machines for which at
least one payoff increases uniformly as the game is played and the Prize is
determined by application of a formula to the income of independent, local, or
interlinked Electronic Gaming Machines. 

 t) &#147;Promotional Credit&#148; means
any non-cashable credit, coupon or voucher redeemable by a Player at a Lottery
Gaming Facility for use in playing Lottery Facility Games that is provided to a
Player by Manager on a discretionary basis for purposes of promoting the
Lottery Gaming Facility in accordance with a promotional program approved by
the Executive Director. 

 u) &#147;Promotional Item&#148; means any
non-cash, complimentary service or discount provided to a Player by Manager on
a discretionary basis for purposes of promoting the Lottery Gaming Facility in
accordance with a promotional program approved by the Executive Director. 

 v) &#147;Prize&#148; means any money,
cash, tokens, merchandise, or credits redeemable for cash or play in a Lottery
Facility Game that a Player may be entitled to as an award for playing a
Lottery Facility Game under the rules of that game. For any Electronic
Gaming Machines offering progressive winnings to a Player based on the use of
Electronic Gaming Machines in a Progressive Electronic Game, &#147;Prize&#148; also
includes a percentage of every wager played on a Progressive Electronic Game
that is contributed to a growing jackpot amount to a successful Player as an
award for playing an Electronic Gaming Machine under the rules of that
Progressive Electronic Game, but does not include the reset amount. &#147;Prize&#148;
does not include any 

 3 

 administrative fees or other
expenses associated with an Electronic Gaming Machine&#146;s acquisition, operation,
maintenance or replacement that are not payable to a winning Player. 

 w) &#147;Unified Government&#148; means the
Unified Government of Wyandotte County/Kansas City, Kansas. 

 2. Date
Agreement Becomes Binding . This Agreement will become effective and
binding on the Effective Date; except that the parties agree that Paragraphs 2,
8, 20, 28, 30, 31, 54, 57, 58, 60, 66, 70, 71 and 72 will become effective and
binding on the parties immediately upon this Agreement&#146;s approval by the
Commission. 

 3. Term of
Agreement . This Agreement will terminate fifteen (15) years
after the Commencement Date or by operation of law, unless this Agreement is
terminated earlier, renegotiated, or renewed, in accordance with the terms set
out below. 

 4. Commencement
Date Deadline . The Commencement Date will occur no later than
thirty six (36) months after the Effective Date. This deadline will be extended
by the number of days determined by the Executive Director that Manager is
unable to perform its responsibilities under this Agreement due to: 

 a) Court order restricting the
authority of the Commission or the Kansas Lottery to own and operate Lottery
Facility Games at the Lottery Gaming Facility under the Kansas Expanded Lottery
Act or under this Agreement, or enjoining Manager from performing under this
Agreement; 

 b) Any force majeure cause as
provided in Paragraph 63; 

 c) Any other reason determined
by the Executive Director in his sole discretion that adversely impacted
Manager&#146;s ability to perform; or 

 d) Any delay, not caused or
enhanced by Manager, in Manager securing any and all licenses, credentials,
permits and approvals necessary to construct and operate the lottery Gaming
Enterprise, or any aspect thereof, provided that Manager shall have made timely
application for such permits and approvals, and shall have diligently
prosecuted the same. 

 5. Renewal of
Agreement . Prior to the expiration of this Agreement the
Commission may negotiate a new Lottery Gaming Facility management contract with
Manager if the new contract is substantially the same as this agreement. This
new agreement will be in writing and will set out the terms under which the
renewal is to be effective. 

 6. Manager&#146;s
Representations and Warranties . Manager represents and
warrants to the Kansas Lottery as follows: 

 4 

 a) Manager is a limited
liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the State of Delaware, and is duly qualified to do business as such
in Kansas. 

 b) Manager has full power,
authority, and legal right to perform and observe the provisions in this
Agreement, the requirements imposed by the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act, the rules and
regulations imposed by the Commission, and the rules and regulations
imposed by the Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission. 

 c) Subject to the condition
that all approvals required by the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act are obtained,
this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation on Manager that is
fully enforceable in accordance with its terms, and does not constitute a
breach of, or default under, any other agreement to which Manager is a party or
any of its assets are bound or affected. 

 d) During this Agreement&#146;s
term, Manager will, at its own expense, keep in full force and affect its legal
existence, rights and franchises required in order for it to observe all of
this Agreement&#146;s terms and conditions. Upon receiving any information or notice
contrary to the representations contained in this subsection during this
Agreement&#146;s term, Manager must immediately notify the Executive Director in
writing with full details regarding the same. 

 e) Manager has acquired full
title or the ability to acquire full
title to the premises on which the Lottery Gaming Facility will be
located, free and clear of any liens, encumbrances, covenants, charges, burdens
or claims, except (i) those which do not materially and adversely affect
the use by Manager of the premises as a Lottery Gaming Enterprise, and (ii) any
secured liens directly related to the Lottery Gaming Enterprise, which will be
disclosed to the Executive Director concurrently with Manager&#146;s acquisition of
the property or for which the Executive Director&#146;s prior approval has been
obtained. 

 f) The Lottery Gaming
Enterprise and the operations thereof at all times will conform in all material
respects with all applicable material zoning, planning, building, licensing,
and environmental laws and regulations of governmental authorities (federal,
state, or local) having jurisdiction over the Lottery Gaming Enterprise,
including any amendments to such laws or regulations occurring after this
Agreement&#146;s execution. Such laws include, but are not limited to, the federal
Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, and the USA
Patriot Act of 2001, and amendments thereto. The Manager shall defend,
indemnify and hold the Kansas Lottery and the State of Kansas and all employees
of the Kansas Lottery and the State of Kansas harmless from any liability or
expenses resulting from any failure by the Manager to comply with the
provisions of this subsection (f). 

 g) There is no action, suit,
proceeding, inquiry or investigation, at law or in equity, before or by any
court, public board or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Manager,
threatened against or affecting the Manager or its principals, and in which an
adverse result would in any way diminish or adversely impact the Manager&#146;s 

 5 

 ability to fulfill its
obligations under this Lottery Gaming Facility Management Contract. No revenue
bonds, state tax abatement, local tax abatement, tax increment financing or
similar financing will be used to finance or will be applied to any part of
Manager&#146;s Lottery Gaming Enterprise. 

 h) The Lottery Gaming
Enterprise will comply in all material respects with all environmental laws and
regulations, and, except in material compliance with environmental laws and
regulations agrees that to the best of its knowledge (1) that no
pollutants, contaminants, solid wastes, or toxic or hazardous substances will
be stored, treated, generated, disposed of, or allowed to exist at the Lottery
Gaming Facility or the location of any related Ancillary Lottery Gaming
Facility Operations, except in compliance with all applicable laws; (2) Manager
will take all reasonable and prudent steps to prevent an unlawful release of hazardous
substances onto the Lottery Gaming Facility or the location of any related
Ancillary Lottery Gaming Facility Operations or onto any other property; (3) that
no asbestos will be incorporated into or disposed of on the Lottery Gaming
Facility or the location of any related Ancillary Lottery Gaming Facility
Operations; (4) that no underground storage tanks will be located on the
Lottery Gaming Facility or the location of any related Ancillary Lottery Gaming
Facility Operations, except as approved by the Executive Director; and (5) that
no investigation, order, agreement, notice, demand or settlement with respect
to any of the above is threatened, anticipated, or in existence with respect to
the Lottery Gaming Facility or the location of any related Ancillary Lottery
Gaming Facility Operations. Upon receiving any information or notice contrary
to the representations contained in this subsection, Manager must promptly
notify the Executive Director in writing with full details regarding the same.
Manager and its principals have executed the Environmental Compliance Agreement
attached as Exhibit A. Manager shall defend, indemnify and hold the Kansas
Lottery and the State of Kansas harmless from any liability or expenses
resulting from any failure by Manager to comply with the provisions of this
subsection (h). 

 i) Manager will provide to the
Executive Director a certificate or certificates of insurance containing all of
the insurance provision requirements provided in this Agreement as follows: as
respects the builder&#146;s risk and liability including worker&#146;s compensation
covering construction activities, prior to the commencement of construction
activities, and as respects all other insurance, prior to the commencement of
any operations presenting an insurable risk. Each insurance policy obtained by
Manager to comply with the insurance provision requirements must provide that
if the insurance is canceled for any reason whatsoever, or the same is allowed
to lapse or expire, or there be any reduction in amount, or any material change
is made in the coverage, such cancellation, lapse, expiration, reduction or
change shall not be effective as to the Kansas Lottery or the State of Kansas
until at least thirty (30) days after receipt by the Executive Director of
written notice by the insurer of such cancellation, lapse, expiration,
reduction or change. 

 j) Manager will comply with all
requirements imposed by the Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission now or in the
future for the oversight of all operations at the Lottery Gaming Facility
including, but not limited to: oversight of internal controls; 

 6 

 adherence to technical
standards adopted by the Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission; oversight of
security; performance of background investigations; determinations of
qualifications and any required certifications, credentialing or licensing of
Manager&#146;s officers, directors, board members, employees, contractors and
agents; auditing of Lottery Gaming Facility Revenues; maintenance and integrity
of all Lottery Facility Games approved by the Executive Director for play at
the Lottery Gaming Facility; maintenance of facility exclusion lists; player
tracking, rewards, clubs, coupons or other incentive programs; oversight of
progressive payout systems and programs; oversight of unclaimed winnings;
oversight of lost patron monies; or responsible gaming. Manager understands and
agrees that failure to adhere to the Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission&#146;s
rules, regulations, or technical standards may result in the imposition of
fines, or other sanctions or penalties against Manager. Upon receiving any
information or notice claiming a violation of any requirement of the Kansas
Racing and Gaming Commission or any other governmental entity with jurisdiction
over gaming-related activities after the Effective Date, Manager must
immediately notify the Executive Director in writing with full details
regarding the same. 

 k) Manager, at a minimum, meets
and will continue to meet the following criteria: (1) has sufficient
access to financial resources to support the activities required of it by this
Agreement and the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act; (2) is current in filing
all applicable tax returns and in payment of all taxes, interest and penalties
owed to the state of Kansas and any taxing subdivisions where the Manager is
located in the state of Kansas, excluding items under formal appeal pursuant to
applicable statutes; and (3) Manager or its direct or indirect principals,
affiliates or officers and/or members have at least three consecutive years&#146;
experience in the management of gaming which would be class III gaming, as
defined in K.S.A. 46-2301, and amendments thereto, operated pursuant to state
or federal law. 

 l) Manager will comply with all
applicable rules and regulations imposed now, or in the future, by the
Kansas Lottery. 

 m) Except as may be authorized
by applicable law and confirmed in writing by the Executive Director, Manager
will not own, lease, license, or control the rights to: (1) any software,
hardware, computer chip, EPROMS (erasable, programmable, read-only memory),
flash drives, CD-ROM or other computerized device required to operate the games
available for play on the Lottery Facility Games, (2) any software,
hardware, computer chip, EPROMS (erasable, programmable, read-only memory),
flash drives, CD-ROM or other computerized device containing information
regarding or affecting an Lottery Facility Game&#146;s chance of winning, awarding
of Prizes, or setting the consideration paid by a Player, such as the random
number generator or payout tables; (3) any CPUs or other electronic
components involved in the operation and calculation or display of game play
(e.g., game controller electronics and components housing the game or system
firmware program storage media or EPROMS); or (4) any communication
controller electronics, and components housing the communication control
program that is used for communicating financial data, program information and
security events to the central 

 7 

 computer authorized by the
Executive Director for purposes of security, real-time monitoring and auditing,
as well as ticket validation and any other system used that affects the
integrity of the Lottery Facility Games made available at the Lottery Gaming
Facility. 

 n) Manager acknowledges and
agrees the State of Kansas, acting through the Commission and the Kansas
Lottery, pursuant to their statutory authority, has the sole right to own,
lease and operate the Lottery Facility Games placed at the Lottery Gaming
Facility and has the full, complete and ultimate ownership and operational
control of the gaming operation of the Lottery Gaming Facility. Manager further
acknowledges and agrees the Lottery explicitly retains the power to overrule any
action of Manager affecting the gaming operation without prior notice and the
Lottery retains full control over all decisions concerning Lottery Facility
Games. No Gray Machines will be permitted at the Lottery Gaming Facility. 

 o) Manager, on behalf of the
Kansas Lottery, will be responsible at all times for processing payment of all
Prizes and matters relating thereto, including the withholding of income taxes
and reporting of Prizes in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. 

 p) Manager has a resolution of
endorsement from the Unified Government where the Lottery Gaming Facility will
be located, which is attached as Exhibit B. 

 q) The undersigned is duly
authorized to execute and deliver this Lottery Gaming Facility Management
Contract on behalf of Manager. 

 7. The Kansas
Lottery&#146;s Representations and Warranties . The Kansas Lottery
represents and warrants to Manager as follows: 

 a) The Kansas Lottery is duly
established under the Kansas Lottery Act and the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act,
and has the power to enter into the transactions contemplated by this Lottery
Gaming Facility Management Contract and to carry out its obligations. Based
upon the representations of Manager as to the utilization of the Lottery Gaming
Facility, the Kansas Lottery has the authority to take the actions contemplated
by applicable statute. 

 b) The Executive Director is
duly authorized to execute and deliver this Lottery Gaming Facility Management
Contract. 

 c) Neither the execution and
delivery of this Lottery Gaming Facility Management Contract, the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor the fulfillment of or compliance
with the provisions of this Agreement will conflict with or result in a breach
of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any other contract to which
the Commission or Kansas Lottery is a party or by which either is bound, or
will constitute default under any of the foregoing. 

 8 

 8. Kansas
Expanded Lottery Act Litigation . Manager acknowledges it
enters into this Agreement with the understanding that the Kansas Expanded
Lottery Act and/or the implementation of that Act by the Kansas Lottery or the
Commission, may come under review by courts of competent jurisdiction from time
to time during this Agreement&#146;s term. Manager agrees it will proceed with its
responsibilities under this Agreement at its own risk as to the Kansas Expanded
Lottery Act&#146;s validity, or the validity of the implementation of that Act by
any state agency, except that nothing in this section will be interpreted to
restrict, waive or delete any rights Manager may have to seek repayment of
Managers&#146; privilege fee if the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act were to be amended
or repealed by a legislative body or declared unconstitutional in a future
proceeding. At the time of the execution of this agreement, anything contained
in this agreement notwithstanding, Kansas Lottery hereby represents and
warrants, to the knowledge of Kansas Lottery, that there is no action, suit,
proceeding, at law or in equity, before or by any court, public board or body,
naming the Kansas Lottery as a party, arising out of or in connection with the
Kansas Expanded Lottery Act (including constitutionality and the applicant
contracting process.) In the event litigation is commenced , against
Manager or the Kansas Lottery, arising out of or in connection with the Kansas
Expanded Lottery Act (including constitutionality, implementation, and the applicant contracting process)
related to this agreement and requesting relief in the form of an injunction or
termination of this agreement or the invalidation of the Kansas Expanded
Lottery Act, and the Plaintiff&#146;s 
constitutional claims are successful through trial court rulings on
motions for summary judgment, Manager may suspend construction, if not yet
complete, until receipt of an order, at the trial level or on appeal, upholding
the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act or its implementation as applied to this
agreement. 

 9. Required
Approvals Prior to this Agreement Becoming Effective. Subject to the
terms of Paragraph 2, this Agreement will not become effective until it is
approved, as required by the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act, by all three of the
following public entities: (a) the Commission; (b) the Lottery Gaming
Facility Review Board; and (c) the Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission. 

 10. Conditions
Precedent to Lottery Gaming Facility Opening . Prior to permitting
initial public access to the Lottery Gaming Facility, Manager must (as and when
applicable): 

 a) Be in compliance with all
statutory requirements imposed by the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act, as amended,
for placing Lottery Facility Games at the Lottery Gaming Facility. 

 b) Be in compliance with all rules and
regulations, written policies, or written standards imposed by the Kansas
Lottery Commission for placing Lottery Facility Games at the Lottery Gaming
Facility. 

 c) Be in compliance with all rules and
regulations, licensing requirements, written policies, or written standards
imposed by the Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission for placing Lottery Facility
Games at the Lottery Gaming Facility. 

 d) Have in an operational
condition Manager&#146;s portion of the central communication system specified by
the Executive Director for the purposes of security, monitoring and auditing of
Electronic Gaming Machines placed at the Lottery Gaming Facility. 

 e) Have current written
approvals from the Executive Director for all Lottery Gaming Facility
activities as required by this Agreement. 

 9 

 f) Be in compliance with all
material local zoning requirements applicable to the Lottery Gaming Facility. 

 g) Have delivered to the
Secretary of State, with a copy to Executive Director, Manager&#146;s irrevocable
consent to the jurisdiction and courts of the State of Kansas in accordance
with K.S.A. 2008 Supp. 74-8755. 

 h) Obtain and maintain all
necessary governmental permits and licenses/certifications when and as may be
required by law in connection with the operation of the Lottery Gaming
Enterprise. 

 i) Be in compliance with all
other requirements in this Agreement as and when applicable. 

 11. Manager&#146;s
Business Plan . The Executive Director and Manager will jointly
develop a Business Plan, which will be based upon and not inconsistent with
Manager&#146;s Application for Lottery Gaming Facility Manager, promptly after the
Effective Date. This Business Plan will provide for the Lottery Gaming Facility&#146;s
pre-opening activities in preparation for operation after the Commencement
Date, hours of operation with 24 hour operations seven days a week being
permitted by the Executive Director, advertising, marketing, public relations,
number and type of Lottery Facility Games to be available to the public,
process for selection of such games, Prizes, theoretical hold percentages,
budget, Promotional Credits and procedures for controlling and accounting for
the use of Promotional Credits, Promotional Items and procedures for
controlling and accounting for the use of Promotional Items, special events or
activities planned or anticipated by Manager during the period of time covered
by the Business Plan, and other management activities to be performed by
Manager consistent with the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act and applicable law that
either the Manager or the Executive Director wants to address in the Business
Plan. Once approved by the Executive Director, Manager will implement the
approved Business Plan. The Executive Director, in consultation with Manager,
may amend the Business Plan from time to time to promote the Lottery Gaming
Facility&#146;s competitive position in the market in order to enhance, to the
extent profitable to Manager, Lottery Gaming Facility Revenues. At any time,
Manager may propose to the Executive Director for his approval any amendments
to the Business Plan. The initial Business Plan will include Manager&#146;s proposed
name for the Lottery Gaming Facility, which must be approved by the Executive
Director. Any subsequent change to the facility&#146;s name must be approved by the
Executive Director. 

 12. Ancillary
Lottery Gaming Facility Operations. At the same time that
Manager and the Executive Director develop a proposed Business Plan for the
Lottery Gaming Facility, Manager separately will provide the Executive Director
with Manager&#146;s anticipated business plan and budget for all Ancillary Lottery
Gaming Facilities Operations that Manager anticipates developing in conjunction
with the Lottery Gaming Facility, such as restaurants, hotels, motels or
entertainment facilities. Manager agrees not to conduct any Ancillary Lottery
Gaming Facility Operations that the Executive Director determines in his sole
discretion would: (a) result in an appearance that reflects adversely on
the Kansas Lottery or the Kansas Lottery Commission as the owner and operator
of the Lottery Facility Games; or (b) violate any regulatory standards or
local zoning laws. 

 10 

 13. Lottery
Gaming Facility Construction . Manager will diligently
construct at its own expense the Lottery Gaming Facility substantially in
accordance with Manager&#146;s Application for Lottery Gaming Facility Manager and
the plans and specifications. Prior to beginning construction, the Executive
Director must approve the final plans and specifications for the Lottery Gaming
Facility (or in lieu thereof such other construction-related documents
acceptable to the Executive Director that are suitable for this purpose) to
ensure construction will conform with the Manager&#146;s Application for Lottery
Gaming Facility Manager and Manager&#146;s representation to the Kansas Lottery
Commission, Lottery Gaming Facility Review Board, the Kansas Racing and Gaming
Commission, or the Unified Government where the Lottery Gaming Facility is to
be located. With the approval of the Executive Director, Manager retains the
option, but is not obligated, to construct a temporary Lottery Gaming Facility
under the terms of this agreement and the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act. All construction of the Lottery Gaming
Facility must be completed and the Lottery Facility Games ready for play by the
public within that facility no later than thirty six (36) months after the
Effective Date, unless a time extension is approved by the Executive Director.
The schedule setting out Manager&#146;s anticipated benchmarks for construction
completion is attached as Exhibit C. For each month between the Effective
Date and the Commencement Date, Manager will report no less than monthly as
directed by the Executive Director on Manager&#146;s progress toward completing
construction, implementing the Business Plan, and opening the Lottery Gaming
Facility to the public. No material alterations to the scope and design of the
plan for the Lottery Gaming Facility increasing or decreasing the total costs
by more than one percent (1%) of the total cost provided for in Manager&#146;s
Application for Lottery Gaming Facility Manager may be made without the
Executive Director&#146;s written approval unless such change materially affects the
floor plan, surveillance, or security for the Lottery Gaming Facility in which
case the Executive Director&#146;s approval is required for any material change
regardless of the dollar amount. The Executive Director will promptly notify
Manager of his approval or rejection of any proposed change. Manager will not
need to obtain the Executive Director&#146;s approval for expenditures covered by
the Manager&#146;s contingency budget. 

 14. Construction
Related to Ancillary Lottery Gaming Facilities Operations . Manager must
diligently construct at no expense to the Kansas Lottery the buildings and
related improvements for its Ancillary Lottery Gaming Facility Operations
substantially in accordance with Manager&#146;s Application for Lottery Gaming
Facility Manager and Exhibit C. In addition to any other remedy available
to the Executive Director under this Agreement, solely with respect to this
Paragraph 14, Manager&#146;s failure to substantially perform its Ancillary Lottery
Gaming Facility Operations obligations according to objectively verifiable
standards (for example, if the plans provide for the building of a restaurant
and the restaurant is not built) and, provided such failure cannot be disputed
in good faith, will authorize the Executive Director to withhold payment of
Manager&#146;s compensation for which it would otherwise be entitled under Paragraph
26, less such amounts necessary for Manager to meet all cash operating
payments, obligations and liabilities payable pursuant to the Budget and debt
service payments payable to third-party lenders, after the date that is
forty-five (45) days following the Executive Director&#146;s written notice to
Manager of such failure, until the breach is cured. If the Executive Director
determines to withhold Manager&#146;s compensation as provided in this paragraph, he
will deposit the applicable funds in an interest bearing account, which account
(to the extent of Manager&#146;s interest therein) can be pledged to Lender subject
to Executive Director&#146;s rights therein, until the Executive Director determines
the breach is cured, at which time the compensation and interest held by the
Executive Director will be promptly returned to Manager. Provided, however, if within 180 days of the
date each amount is withheld as provided herein, Manager has not cured such
default or has commenced a cure for such 

 11 

 default but is not
prosecuting the same to completion, the Kansas Lottery shall be entitled to
retain each amount and interest so withheld. 

 15. Manager&#146;s
Construction-Related Responsibilities. Manager will be responsible
for the management and construction of all aspects of construction-related
activities concerning the Lottery Gaming Facility and the buildings and related
improvements for its Ancillary Lottery Gaming Facility Operations. These
responsibilities include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following: 

 a) The direction of all
construction activities; 

 b) The direction and
coordination of the performance of the architect, the other consultants and
contractors; 

 c) Causing all construction
activities to be carried out in a good and workmanlike manner, all in
substantial compliance with the Manager&#146;s Application for Lottery Gaming
Facility Manager; 

 d) Preparing the Lottery Gaming
Facility to accommodate the central communication system as required by the
Executive Director in accordance with the vendor contract for that central
communication system, including installation of all specified power and communication
services; 

 e) Correcting or remedying or
causing to be corrected or remedied, any violations of applicable law; 

 f) Arranging for the
preparation of all working drawings and specifications; 

 g) Preparing or arranging for
the preparation of all construction contracts and arranging for the preparation
and execution of all other related documentation required in accordance with
the development obligations undertaken by Manager; 

 h) Securing financing, if
necessary, including mortgage liens on the real property and improvements and
liens on personal property, for the construction of the Lottery Gaming Facility
or the building and improvements related to the Ancillary Gaming Facility
Operations, including completing the necessary documentation therefor; 

 i) Maintaining appropriate
cost-accounting records in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

 j) Obtaining all necessary
government approvals, consents, permits, and licenses/certifications; 

 k) Providing legal support
related to the development and construction responsibilities undertaken by
Manager; and 

 l) Ensuring all required
insurance is maintained in force. 

 12 

 m) Provide information to any
representative of the Kansas Lottery on any and all construction issues and
allow periodic inspection of the construction progress, to ensure the statutory
minimum required investment is met, that the manager&#146;s application proposal is
being met, and that budgets are adhered to. This independent representative
will be hired by the Kansas Lottery at Manager&#146;s cost or may be a third party
construction monitor already engaged at the Lottery Gaming Facility by or on
behalf of a lender, as approved by the Executive Director. 

 16. Exclusive
Use of Lottery Gaming Facility . The Lottery Gaming
Facility will be used exclusively for the playing of Lottery Facility Games
owned and operated by the Kansas Lottery, and the ancillary management
activities approved by the Executive Director, which may include, but are not
limited to, beverage service, food service, entertainment, retail, promotional,
and ATM facilities. Manager may not permit any other business activities within
the Lottery Gaming Facility unless approved in writing by the Executive
Director. 

 17. Approval of
Manager&#146;s Floor Plan. Prior to opening the Lottery Gaming Facility,
Manager must submit its proposed floor plan to the Executive Director for
approval. This floor plan must show the location of all Lottery Facility Games,
count rooms, cages and other equipment and facilities to be contained within
the Lottery Gaming Facility. No material change affecting surveillance or
security, or any other material aspect of operations may be made to the
approved floor plan without the Executive Director&#146;s prior written approval.
Manager must perform its duties in accordance with the floor plan approved by
the Executive Director, except to the extent necessary for Manager to implement
pre-approved changes to the plan. The Executive Director, after consultation
with Manager, will determine the location within the floor plan for each game,
or type of game, to be offered to the public at the Lottery Gaming Facility. 

 18. Approval of
Manager&#146;s Surveillance Plan. Prior to opening the Lottery
Gaming Facility, Manager must submit its proposed surveillance plan to the
Executive Director for approval. This surveillance plan at a minimum must
contain all items required by applicable rule and regulation. No material
change to the approved surveillance plan may be made without the Executive
Director&#146;s prior written approval. Manager must perform its duties in
accordance with the surveillance plan approved by the Executive Director,
except to the extent necessary for Manager to implement pre-approved changes to
the plan. 

 19. Approval of
Manager&#146;s Security Plan. Prior to opening the Lottery Gaming Facility,
Manager must submit its proposed policies and procedures relating to security
to the Executive Director for approval. This security plan at a minimum must
contain all items required by applicable rule and regulation. No material
change to the approved security plan may be made without the Executive Director&#146;s
prior written approval. Manager must perform its duties in accordance with the
security plan approved by the Executive Director, except to the extent
necessary for Manager to implement pre-approved changes to the plan. 

 20. Privilege
Fee Payment . No later than thirty (30) days after the
Commission approves this Agreement, Manager must pay to the state treasurer of
the State of Kansas a privilege fee of $25 million. This payment to the state
treasurer will be deposited into the state treasury and credited to the Lottery
Gaming Facility Manager Fund, which is a temporary fund created pursuant to the

 13 

 Kansas Expanded Lottery Act.
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, if Manager fails to pay
this privilege fee within 30 days after the Commission&#146;s approval, this
Agreement will be void and Manager will forfeit any rights it may have to be a
Lottery Gaming Facility Manager under the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act. Once all
required approvals for this Agreement are obtained in accordance with the
Kansas Expanded Lottery Act, the Manager&#146;s privilege fee will be transferred on
the Effective Date from the Lottery Gaming Facility Manager Fund to the
Expanded Lottery Act Revenues Fund as provided by law. If (a) the required
approvals for this Agreement are not obtained in accordance with the Kansas
Expanded Lottery Act or (b) if Manager withdraws its application to be
Lottery Gaming Facility Manager in the Northeast Gaming Zone prior to approval
of the Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission, the Executive Director will
promptly direct the state treasurer to refund, without interest, Manager&#146;s
privilege fee payment. 

 21. Lottery
Facility Game Ownership . The Manager must purchase or lease, on
behalf of the State of Kansas, for the Kansas Lottery all Lottery Facility
Games, including all necessary equipment such as approved tables, felt, dice,
cards, chips, layouts, or intellectual property rights as determined by the
Executive Director. Manager has no authority under this Agreement to own,
purchase or lease any Lottery Facility Games, except on behalf of the State of
Kansas and through the Kansas Lottery. The Executive Director, in consultation
with Manager, will select the Lottery Facility Games to be offered for play at
the Lottery Gaming Facility and determine the Prizes to be awarded for the play
of such games. The Executive Director will determine and approve all rules of
play and gaming policies that are applicable to the play of all Lottery
Facility Games offered at the Lottery Gaming Facility. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Manager may grant a security interest in all Lottery Facility Games
arising in connection with the financing and/or lease of same. So long as
Manager complies with its duties to the Kansas Lottery under this Agreement and
the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act, the Kansas Lottery agrees that the Manager may
manage the Lottery Gaming Facility and its investment in the Lottery Gaming
Facility in a manner that maximizes its profitability. 

 22. Control
Software Licensing and Ownership . The Kansas Lottery will be
the licensee, owner and possessor of the right to use all control software and
logic chips required to operate the games available on the Lottery Facility
Games at the Lottery Gaming Facility. This includes: (a) any software,
hardware, computer chip, EPROMS (erasable, programmable, read-only memory),
flash drives, CD-ROM or other computerized device required to operate the games
available for play on the Lottery Facility Games, (b) any software,
hardware, computer chip, EPROMS (erasable, programmable, read-only memory),
flash drives, CD-ROM or other computerized device containing information
regarding or affecting a Lottery Facility Game&#146;s chance of winning, awarding of
prizes, or setting the consideration paid by a Player, such as the random
number generator or payout tables; (c) CPUs and other electronic
components involved in the operation and calculation or display of game play
(e.g., game controller electronics and components housing the game or system
firmware program storage media or EPROMS); or (d) communication controller
electronics, and components housing the communication control program that is
used for communicating financial data, program information and security events
to the central computer authorized by the Executive Director for purposes of
security, real-time monitoring and auditing, as well as ticket validation and
any other system used that affects the integrity of the Lottery Facility Games
made available to Players at the Lottery Gaming Facility. Manager will transfer
to the Kansas Lottery any rights obtained by Manager to use all control software
and logic chips required to operate the games available on the Lottery Facility
Games available to Players at the Lottery Gaming 

 14 

 Facility. The Executive
Director must approve all agreements concerning software licensing and
ownership affecting the Lottery Facility Games made available to Players at the
Lottery Gaming Facility. 

 23. Daily
Electronic Payment of Lottery Gaming Facility Revenues . Manager must
pay all Lottery Gaming Facility Revenues daily to the Executive Director as
provided by applicable regulation. Manager will make this payment
electronically in accordance with the Executive Director&#146;s written
instructions, which will conform to necessary banking practices. These
instructions may be changed from time to time in the Executive Director&#146;s sole
discretion with reasonable notice to Manager. The Executive Director, in
consultation with Manager, will develop a process so that Manager may audit and
reconcile Lottery Gaming Facility Revenues after the daily payments are made.
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, Manager&#146;s failure to
make a daily electronic payment of Lottery Gaming Facility Revenues as required
by this Agreement will be deemed an event of default unless the payment cannot
be achieved due to the unavailability of bank services, force majeure events,
or malfunctions in the central communications system not within Manager&#146;s
control in which case the payment must be made on the first succeeding day that
such services are available or such events or malfunctions cease. Manager&#146;s
failure to comply with this paragraph will authorize the Executive Director in
his sole discretion to immediately terminate this Agreement if Manager does not
cure its failure within 24 hours of receiving written notice of Manager&#146;s
failure to comply, provided that Manager&#146;s failure to make the required daily
payment is not intentional. 

 24. Payment
Obligation is Unconditional . Manager&#146;s obligation to
make the daily payments of all Lottery Gaming Facility Revenues required above
is a general obligation of Manager and is absolute and unconditional
irrespective of any defense or any rights of setoff, recoupment, or
counterclaim Manager may otherwise have against the Commission, the Kansas
Lottery, or any agency of the State of Kansas. Manager agrees it will not
suspend, discontinue or abate any daily payment required above for any cause
whatsoever including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, failure
of consideration, destruction of or damage to the Lottery Gaming Facility,
commercial frustration of purpose, any change in the tax or other laws, any
administrative rulings of or administrative actions by the State of Kansas or
any political subdivision thereof, or any failure by any agency or entity
acting on behalf of the State of Kansas to perform and observe any agreement,
whether expressed or implied, or any duty, liability or obligation arising out
of or in connection with this Lottery Gaming Facility Management Contract, or
otherwise. Subject to the foregoing provisions, nothing contained in this
paragraph shall be construed to release the Kansas Lottery from the performance
of any of the agreements on its part contained in this Lottery Gaming Facility
Management Contract or to affect Manager&#146;s right to seek reimbursement or
damages from the Kansas Lottery as provided in this Agreement. Manager must not
grant, authorize or permit any interest in the Lottery Gaming Facility Revenues
that are to be remitted daily to the State to be given to anyone. 

 25. Setoff
Right Against Manager . Any amounts owed to Manager under this
Agreement are subject to set off by the state, municipalities, or certain
others in accordance with K.S.A. 75-6201, et
seq ., and amendments thereto. 

 26. Total
Compensation Paid to Lottery Gaming Facility Manager . As its sole
compensation for the management services for the Lottery Gaming Facility as set
out in this 

 15 

 Agreement, Manager will be
paid the following percentages of the Lottery Gaming Facility Revenues
generated at the Lottery Gaming Facility calculated with respect to the then
current Fiscal Year, as follows: (a) 73% on all Lottery Gaming Facility
Revenues up to $350 million; (b) 70% on all Lottery Gaming Facility
Revenues above $350 million up to $400 million; and (c) 67% on all Lottery
Gaming Facility Revenues above $400 million. 

 The Executive Director will
direct this payment to Manager on a monthly basis, in arrears, based on the
previous month&#146;s Lottery Gaming Facility Revenues after first deducting Manager&#146;s
share of Kansas Lottery expenses and share of Kansas Racing and Gaming
Commission expenses incurred for oversight and regulation as provided in
Paragraph 28 below. Manager may pledge, encumber or grant any interest in the
compensation to be paid Manager, subject to the deductions and setoffs provided
for in this Agreement and subject further to the Executive Director&#146;s authority
under Paragraph 14. 

 27. Payments to
Problem Gaming and Addictions Grant Fund and Local Governments. Manager
acknowledges and agrees the Executive Director will cause two percent (2%) of
Lottery Gaming Facility Revenues to be paid to the problem gaming and
addictions grant fund established by K.S.A. 2008 Supp. 79-4805, and amendments
thereto. Manager further acknowledges and agrees the Executive Director will
cause three percent (3%) to be paid to the Unified Government in which the
Lottery Gaming Facility is located to
comply with K.S.A. 2008
Supp.74-8734(h)(15), and amendments thereto. It is hereby acknowledged and agreed that
such payments shall not be paid from the compensation payable to Manager
pursuant to paragraph 26. 

 28. Manager&#146;s
Payments for Kansas Lottery&#146;s Expenses and Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission&#146;s
Costs for Oversight and Regulation . Manager must pay the
expenses of the Kansas Lottery and the Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission, as
follows: 

 a) Manager&#146;s share of the
Kansas Lottery&#146;s expenses directly attributable to Manager and the Kansas
Lottery&#146;s proportionate share of other expenses incurred for the implementation
and operation of the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act and this Agreement will be
paid in accordance with this sub-paragraph (a). Expenses incurred by the Kansas
Lottery will be billed directly to Manager by the Kansas Lottery within thirty
(30) days of the Commission&#146;s approval of this Agreement and must be paid by
Manager within thirty (30) days of billing. Thereafter, and prior to the
Commencement Date, the Executive Director will bill Manager periodically for
the Kansas Lottery&#146;s expenses and Manager will pay such expenses within thirty
(30) days of billing. After the Commencement Date, the Executive Director will
deduct Manager&#146;s share of Kansas Lottery expenses before making Manager&#146;s
monthly compensation payment as provided above in Paragraph 26. Manager&#146;s share
of Kansas Lottery expenses will be calculated by taking the costs incurred by
the Kansas Lottery that are directly attributed to Manager and Manager&#146;s
Lottery Gaming Facility, and adding to that amount the Kansas Lottery&#146;s common
expenses attributable to all racetrack and lottery gaming facility managers as
a result of the Kansas Lottery&#146;s activities pursuant to the Kansas Expanded
Lottery Act, which common expenses will be divided equally among all managers. 

 16 

 b) All costs incurred by the
Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission for its oversight and regulation of Manager
and the Lottery Gaming Facility in accordance with the requirements for calculating
and paying such costs as determined by the executive director of the Kansas
Racing and Gaming Commission. Manager acknowledges and agrees this obligation
includes the requirement that Manager pay its pro
rata share of the anticipated expenses of the Lottery Gaming
Facility Review Board, which will be billed to Manager after the Kansas Lottery
Commission&#146;s approval of this Agreement. If Manager fails to pay these expenses
when due, this Agreement may be void, and Manager may forfeit any rights it may
have to be a Lottery Gaming Facility Manager under the Kansas Expanded Lottery
Act ten (10) days after receiving written notice from the Kansas Racing
and Gaming Commission of Manager&#146;s failure to timely pay. Manager further
acknowledges that the executive director of the Kansas Racing and Gaming
Commission will assess each manager, whose agreement is approved by the Lottery
Gaming Facility Review Board, a proportionate share of all costs incurred by
the Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission since 2007 Senate Bill 66 became
effective on April 19, 2007, that are attributable to that agency&#146;s
responsibilities under the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act. 

 c) Manager&#146;s share of the
expenses incurred for the central computer system, which share will be based
proportionately on Lottery Gaming Facility Revenues generated by the Electronic
Gaming Machines placed at Manager&#146;s Lottery Gaming Facility in comparison to
the revenues generated by the Kansas Lottery at Racetrack Gaming Facilities and
Lottery Gaming Facilities that are part of the central computer system. 

 29. Manager&#146;s
Maintenance Responsibilities . Manager must: 

 a) Keep the Lottery Gaming
Facility and all property and improvements associated with its Ancillary
Lottery Gaming Facility Operations in good repair and in a reasonably safe
condition; 

 b) Make all necessary repairs
and replacements to the Lottery Gaming Facility, including maintaining in an
operational condition Manager&#146;s portion of the central communication system as
required by the Executive Director in accordance with the vendor contract for
that central communication system, and all property and improvements associated
with its Ancillary Lottery Gaming Facility Operations (whether ordinary or
extraordinary, structural or nonstructural, foreseen or unforeseen); 

 c) Maintain the Lottery Gaming
Facility and all property and improvements associated with its Ancillary
Lottery Gaming Facility Operations in first class condition, ordinary wear and
tear excepted, including, without limitation, interior and exterior cleaning,
painting and decorating, replacement of lighting fixtures, wall coverings,
floors and floor coverings, furnishings, plumbing, electrical, HVAC and any
structural or mechanical repairs and any other maintenance or replacement
requirements that may be commercially reasonable. 

 17 

 30. Prohibitions
Applicable to the State . The Kansas Lottery, acting on behalf of the
State of Kansas, agrees by entering into this Agreement that: 

 a) Neither the Kansas Lottery
nor the State of Kansas will enter into a management contract for, or otherwise
authorize, more than four (4) lottery gaming facilities or similar
facilities in the four gaming zones outlined in the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act
with one lottery gaming facility in each gaming zone; 

 b) Neither the Kansas Lottery
nor the State of Kansas will designate additional areas of the state where
operation of Lottery Gaming Facilities or similar gaming facilities will be
authorized, other than those set out in the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act; or 

 c) Neither the Kansas Lottery
nor the State of Kansas will operate an aggregate of more than 2,800 Electronic
Gaming Machines at all parimutuel licensee locations. 

 31. State
Payment for Breach . Manager will be entitled, as its sole monetary
remedy, to payment in an amount equal to the actual privilege fee paid by
Manager, plus interest on such amount, compounded annually at the rate of ten
percent (10%), if the State of Kansas violates any provision in Paragraph 30 above
during the term of this Agreement. The parties acknowledge and agree that
nothing in this paragraph will be interpreted to prevent or limit any rights
Manager may have to seek specific performance or other equitable relief against
the Kansas Lottery or the State of Kansas to enforce the prohibitions contained
in Paragraph 30. Nothing in this paragraph will be deemed a waiver of the
immunities and protections reserved to the State of Kansas under the Eleventh
Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. 

 32. Executive
Director&#146;s On-Site Personnel . The Executive Director may
appoint one or more persons to oversee on-site the Lottery Facility Games at
the Lottery Gaming Facility and Manager&#146;s performance under this Agreement.
Such person(s) will report to the Executive Director, and have such
authority as the Executive Director in writing may determine. Such person(s) will
oversee operations, observe gaming activities, enforce gaming rules and
policies, resolve disputes between Manager and Players, and perform such other
tasks as directed by the Executive Director. All determinations made by such
persons will be subject to review by the Executive Director, provided that
Manager may act and rely upon written and verbal determinations made by the
Executive Director&#146;s on-site personnel until Manager receives written notice
from the Executive Director amending or reversing any such determination. 

 33. Deactivation
and Possession of Lottery Facility Games. Upon order of the Executive
Director, any or all Lottery Facility Games located at the Lottery Gaming
Facility will be subject to immediate deactivation and/or cessation of
operation. At any time, the Executive Director will be entitled to physically
secure or take possession of any or all Lottery Facility Games and any related
equipment necessary to play such games. 

 34. Insurance
Required . At the time provided in Paragraph 6(i) above,
and at all times thereafter, including without limitation during any period of
construction of the Lottery Gaming Facility, Manager must maintain or cause to
be maintained insurance against such risks and for such amounts as are
customarily insured against by businesses of like size and type paying, as the
same become due and payable, all premiums in respect thereto, including, but
not necessarily limited to: 

 18 

 a) Insurance against loss or
damage by fire, lightning, and other casualties, with a uniform standard
extended coverage endorsement, such insurance to be in an amount not less than
the full replacement value of the Lottery Gaming Facility, exclusive of
excavations and foundations, as determined by a recognized appraiser or insurer
selected by Manager or an amount not less than the maximum foreseeable loss, as
determined by a property insurance carrier provided the policy provides a
replacement cost endorsement up to the limit of the policy with customary and
reasonable deductibles approved by the Executive Director; or as an alternative
to the foregoing, Manager may insure the Lottery Gaming Facility under a
blanket insurance policy or policies covering not only the Lottery Gaming
Facility but other properties as well, provided a periodic appraisal is
performed at intervals determined by the Executive Director and provided to the
Executive Director. 

 b) Workers&#146; compensation
insurance, disability benefits insurance, and each other form of insurance
which Manager is required by law to provide, covering loss resulting from
injury, sickness, disability or death of Manager&#146;s employees who are located at
or assigned to the Lottery Gaming Facility. 

 c) Commercial General Liability
Insurance against loss or losses from liabilities imposed by law or assumed in
any written contract and arising from personal injury and death or damage to
the property of others caused by any accident or occurrence, with limits of not
less than $10,000,000 per accident or occurrence on account of personal injury,
including death resulting there from, and $10,000,000 per accident or
occurrence on account of damage to the property of others , excluding liability
imposed upon Manager by any applicable worker&#146;s compensation law. These
liability limits may be satisfied by any combination of primary and excess
liability policies. The primary general liability insurance may have a
self-insured retention and the excess liability policy may have a
commercially-reasonable deductible, as determined by the Executive Director.
These liability insurance requirements may be satisfied by blanket policies in
the aggregate amount of not less than $10,000,000. 

 d) Business interruption
insurance against the perils enumerated in subparagraph (a) and in amounts
determined by the Executive Director to be appropriate and commercially
reasonable to protect both the Kansas Lottery&#146;s and Manager&#146;s financial
interests in the revenue produced by the Lottery Gaming Facility. 

 e) Employer&#146;s practices
liability coverage providing customary coverage for alleged violations of
local, state or federal civil rights laws or ordinances, or employment
discrimination laws. 

 f) Employee Dishonesty
Combination Crime coverage in amount sufficient to cover all employees employed
by Manager who are, or may be, responsible for handling any Lottery Gaming
Facility Revenues or other monies belonging to the Kansas Lottery that come
under the Manager&#146;s custody or control. 

 19 

 35. Additional Provisions Regarding Insurance . In addition to the above,
Manager must ensure that: 

 a) All insurance
required in Paragraph 34 above names the Commission, the Kansas Lottery, and
the State of Kansas as named insureds, or additional named insureds. All
insurance will be procured and maintained in financially sound and generally
recognized responsible insurance companies selected by the Manager, but
authorized to write such insurance in Kansas. Such insurance may be written
with deductible or self-insured retentions approved by the Executive Director
in amounts comparable to those on similar policies carried by other companies
engaged in the gaming industry for facilities similar in size, character and
other respects to the Lottery Gaming Facility. All policies evidencing such
insurance must provide for (1) payment of the losses of the Commission,
the Kansas Lottery, the State of Kansas, and the Manager as their respective
interest may appear, and (2) at least thirty (30) days written notice of the
cancellation thereof to the Executive Director and the Manager. Policies
referred to in this subparagraph (a) must include both the Kansas Lottery
and the Manager as loss payees as their interest may appear. 

 b) All
certificates of insurance from the insurers that such insurance is in force and
effect, must be deposited with the Executive Director on or before the
Effective Date, except as provided in paragraph 6(i) above. Prior to
expiration of the policy evidenced by said certificates, Manager must furnish
the Executive Director with evidence that the policy has been renewed or
replaced or is no longer required by this Agreement. Copies of the actual
insurance policies will be provided to the Executive Director promptly at his
request. 

 c) Within one hundred
twenty (120) days after the end of each Fiscal Year, the Manager must file with
the Executive Director a certificate executed by the Manager to the effect that
the insurance it maintains with respect to the Lottery Gaming Facility complies
with this Agreement and that duplicate copies of all policies or certificates
were filed with the Executive Director and are in full force and effect. 

 36. Kansas
Lottery&#146;s Right to Pay Insurance, Taxes, or Other Charges . If Manager
fails (a) to pay any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required
to be paid and not being formally contested by Manager in an appropriate forum
with jurisdiction to hear such contests, or (b) to maintain any insurance
required to be maintained, the Executive Director, in his discretion, and
following written notice to Manager, may authorize the Kansas Lottery to make
payment of such tax, assessment, or other governmental charge or the premium
for such insurance. Manager will reimburse the Kansas Lottery for any amount so
paid together with interest thereon from the date of payment at twelve percent
(12%) per annum. The Kansas Lottery may set off such payments from any money
otherwise due Manager. 

 37. Lottery
Gaming Facility Damage, Destruction or Condemnation . If the
Lottery Gaming Facility is damaged, destroyed or condemned (in whole or in
part) at any time during the term of this Agreement, Manager must promptly
replace, repair, rebuild, or restore the Lottery Gaming Facility to
substantially the same condition and value as an operating entity as existed
prior to such damage or destruction, to the extent insurance proceeds are
available to cover such costs, 

 20 

 with such changes, alterations and modifications as may be desired by
Manager and approved by the Executive Director, and may use insurance or
condemnation proceeds for all such purposes. If the Lottery Gaming Facility is
damaged to an extent that it must be closed for business and Manager elects to
rebuild the Lottery Gaming Facility at any point during the term of this
agreement, the term of this agreement will be tolled until such time repairs
and reconstruction of the Lottery Gaming Facility are sufficiently completed so
as to allow Lottery Facility Games to be offered for play as determined by the
Executive Director. The Kansas Lottery agrees to remit any insurance proceeds
it receives as a result of the damage or destruction of the Lottery Gaming
Facility or Lottery Facility Games (unless those proceeds are to cover the
Kansas Lottery&#146;s losses under Sections 23 or 26 of this agreement) to the
Manager for the specific replacement, repair, rebuilding or restoration loss
for which the Kansas Lottery received any insurance proceeds. Manager will have
no obligation to rebuild the Lottery Gaming Facility if such damage,
destruction, or condemnation impacts at least 33% of the Lottery Gaming
Facility and occurs within five years prior to the end of this Agreement&#146;s
term. Manager shall have one hundred-twenty (120) days from the damage or
destruction to elect to rebuild. If Manager so elects not to rebuild the
Lottery Gaming Facility within the last five years remaining on the term of
this Agreement, the term of this agreement as defined under Section 3 of
this Agreement will immediately end and the Kansas Lottery shall have the
ability to exercise any rights available to it under the terms of the Kansas
Expanded Lottery Act. 

 38. Advertising,
Marketing, and Promotion . Manager must use its commercially
reasonable efforts to advertise, market, and promote the Lottery Gaming
Facility in order to attract the public to the facility and reasonably enhance
to the extent profitable to Manager Lottery Gaming Facility Revenues. Manager
must comply with all applicable regulatory requirements imposed for such
materials and activities. All advertising, marketing and promotion materials
employed by Manager must be approved by the Executive Director prior to their
first use. Manager agrees that such materials may be disapproved if the Executive
Director determines in his sole discretion that such materials would reasonably
be expected to offend a substantial number of people, or violate any regulatory
standards applicable to such materials. In addition, Manager must make
available to the public the odds of winning any prize or prizes for games
played on all Lottery Facility Games offered at the Lottery Gaming Facility to
the extent possible given the nature of such games and subject to the Executive
Director&#146;s approval. Advertising, marketing and promotion materials shall
include information regarding problem gambling as directed by the Executive
Director. Subject to the approval of the Executive Director, Manager may also
include the Lottery Gaming Facility in marketing programs which benefit other
properties of Manager and its affiliates. 

 39. Players&#146;
Club. The Executive Director may institute a Player&#146;s club or similar
incentive or promotional program applicable to some or all Racetrack Gaming
Facilities or Lottery Gaming Facilities owned and operated by the Kansas
Lottery. If the Executive Director institutes a Player&#146;s club, the Executive
Director agrees that: (a) Manager will have no direct or indirect
responsibility to fund such a program; (b) Manager will not be required to
provide the Executive Director with any customer data under Manager&#146;s control
for purposes of a Player&#146;s club instituted by the Executive Director; and (c) the
Executive Director will not institute an incentive or awards programs in such
Player&#146;s club that is applicable to another Racetrack Gaming Facility or
Lottery Gaming Facility without also making it available to Manager for use at
the Lottery Gaming Facility. As to subparagraph (b), Manager acknowledges that
nothing in subparagraph (b) will be read to restrict the Executive
Director&#146;s access to any customer data for regulatory, security, responsible
gaming oversight, or auditing purposes; and the Executive Director agrees
customer data provided by 

 21 

 Manager will not be used for any Player&#146;s club or similar incentive or
promotion program instituted by the Executive Director. Nothing in this
paragraph will be read to prevent Manager from instituting its own Player&#146;s
club or similar incentive or promotional program at the Lottery Gaming Facility
provided that such club or program is authorized by the Executive Director. The
Executive Director agrees Manager has the right to establish a Player&#146;s club
that awards to Players credits based on their play at the Lottery Gaming
Facility, provided that such awards programs are approved by the Executive
Director. 

 40. Players&#146;
Tracking System . The Executive Director may institute a Players&#146;
tracking system applicable to some or all Racetrack Gaming Facilities or
Lottery Gaming Facilities owned and operated by the Kansas Lottery. Manager
will administer such program at the Lottery Gaming Facility as the Executive
Director may provide. Nothing in this paragraph will be read to prevent Manager
from instituting its own Player&#146;s tracking system at the Lottery Gaming
Facility provided that such system is authorized by the Executive Director. 

 41. Use of
Trademarks, Service Marks, Trade Names and Proprietary Information . Manager is
authorized to employ any of the Kansas Lottery&#146;s trademarks, trade names, and
service marks in any advertising, marketing or promotion for the Lottery Gaming
Facility or the Lottery Facility Games placed therein, subject to the Executive
Director&#146;s right to approve such advertising, marketing or promotion. Manager
acknowledges it has no other right regarding the Kansas Lottery&#146;s trademarks,
service marks, and trade names. Manager will not be required to pay any royalty
or other fee for this usage. In addition, the Executive Director may require
Manager to place Kansas Lottery&#146;s trademarks, trade names, or service marks at
locations within the Lottery Gaming Facility as designated by the Executive
Director in order to identify the games and gaming equipment as being owned and
operated by the Kansas Lottery on behalf of the State of Kansas. 

 The Kansas Lottery is
authorized to employ any of Manager&#146;s trademarks, trade names, and service
marks in any advertising, marketing or promotion for the Lottery Gaming
Facility or the Lottery Facility Games placed therein, subject to the Manager&#146;s
right to approve such advertising, marketing or promotion. The Kansas Lottery
acknowledges it has no other right regarding the Manager&#146;s trademarks, service
marks, and trade names. The Kansas Lottery will not be required to pay any
royalty or other fee for this usage. 

 To the extent the Kansas
Lottery obtains or has access to any Proprietary Information or Trade Secrets
as defined in K.S.A. 60-3320 (4)(i)(ii) (&#147;Information&#148;) of Manager or its
affiliates, the Kansas Lottery agrees: (a) to maintain the confidentiality
of such Information; (b) not to use such Information for any purpose other
than as permitted under this Agreement; and (c) upon the termination of
this Agreement, to return same to Manager (including all copies thereof),
including, but not limited to, documents, notes, memoranda, lists, computer
programs and any summaries of such Information in the Kansas Lottery&#146;s
possession or control, but excluding any Information which the Kansas Lottery
may retain pursuant to the express terms of this Agreement and that immediately
upon termination of this Agreement the Kansas Lottery shall cease using all
Information. 

 To the extent the Manager
obtains or has access to any Proprietary Information or Trade Secrets as
defined in K.S.A. 60-3320 (4)(i)(ii) (&#147;Information&#148;) of the Kansas
Lottery, the Manager or its affiliates agree: (a) to maintain the
confidentiality of such Information; (b) not to use such Information for
any purpose other than as permitted under this Agreement; and (c) upon the
termination of this Agreement, to return same to the Kansas Lottery (including
all copies thereof), including but not limited to documents, 

 22 

 notes, memoranda, lists, computer programs and any summaries of such
Information in the Manager&#146;s possession or control, but excluding any
Information which the Manager may retain pursuant to the express terms of this
Agreement and that immediately upon termination of this Agreement the Manager
shall cease using all Information. 

 Subject to the requirements
of the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act and with Executive Director approval,
Manager may purchase, lease, license, or otherwise obtain and have installed
and maintained, either through Manager and its affiliates or Manager&#146;s
designated suppliers, any computer and other systems that Manager determines to
be necessary for management of the Lottery Gaming Facility in accordance with
the approved Budget and Business Plans; provided that such systems may not
adversely affect the Kansas Lottery&#146;s central computer system or affect a
Lottery Facility Game&#146;s elements of chance, consideration or prize. 

 42. Personnel . Manager will
provide, supervise, direct the work of, discharge, and determine the
compensation and other benefits of all personnel necessary to provide for the
play of Lottery Facility Games at the Lottery Gaming Facility, except as
otherwise noted in this Agreement, based upon a staffing plan approved by the
Executive Director. Such personnel will not be considered employees of the
Kansas Lottery or any other agency or department of the State of Kansas.
Manager may determine the compensation to be paid to all of its personnel
working at the Lottery Gaming Facility provided that such compensation is
within the budget for personnel compensation approved by the Executive
Director. Manager must ensure its personnel meet all applicable regulatory
requirements imposed by the Commission or the Kansas Racing and Gaming
Commission. Manager will not discriminate against any employee or applicant for
employment because of race, creed, color, sex, age, or national origin nor
violate any applicable law, regulation or local ordinance governing employer
obligations. 

 43. Personnel
Training . Manager will provide and direct employee recruitment,
instructional programs, incentives, and on-the-job training necessary to ensure
a first class facility for the playing of Lottery Facility Games by the public.
Such trainings and other programs for personnel are subject to the Executive
Director&#146;s approval, but may be conducted on or off site, on the job, or by
instructors at or from educational training facilities. 

 44. Key
Employees . Manager agrees the personnel, or positions, as
well as any independent contractors designated in Exhibit D, are considered
Key Employees, whose ability to participate in the operation or management of
the Lottery Gaming Facility are subject to the Executive Director&#146;s approval
within his sole discretion; provided, however, that nothing in this paragraph
will restrict the right of either the Kansas Lottery or the Kansas Racing and
Gaming Commission to take action regarding the license/certification held by
any of Manager&#146;s employees in accordance with applicable statutes or rules and
regulations promulgated pursuant to law. The Executive Director may amend the
Key Employees list at any time for any reason. 

 45. Books and
Records; Financial Statements . Manager must maintain an
accurate accounting system in connection with its management of the Lottery
Gaming Facility. The books and records will be kept in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles maintained in accordance with current
industry standards for similar gaming businesses. The books and records shall
be maintained at all times either at the Lottery Gaming Facility or at such
other locations as may be specified by regulation. The Executive Director, or
his designees, shall have the right and privilege of examining these books and
records at any time. In addition, the Executive Director may 

 23 

 at any time obtain and pay for an audit performed by an independent
certified public accountant. If this audit reveals a discrepancy greater than
$10,000 in Lottery Gaming Facility Revenues or a cumulative discrepancy greater
than $100,000 on any other line items previously reported to the Executive
Director from the books and records provided by Manager, the audit&#146;s cost will
be reimbursed by Manager as a set off from the compensation to be paid Manager
pursuant to Paragraph 25 above. On or before the 20 th day following
the close of each month, Manager must furnish the Executive Director with a
reasonably detailed operating statement for the Lottery Gaming Facility for
that period, including year-to-date results. 

 46. Records
Retention and Access . Manager must maintain all books and records
regarding the Lottery Gaming Facility for a minimum period of five (5) years,
or such other longer period as may be imposed by regulation or statute. Manager
must permit access to such books and records as is legally required by law,
regulation, or this Agreement, including giving access to the Post Auditor for
the Kansas Legislature, the Executive Director or his designee, authorized
representatives for the Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission, or any authorized
representative of the United States government. 

 47. Budget and
Business Plans for Each Fiscal Year . No later than forty-five
(45) days prior to the commencement of each Fiscal Year, Manager must submit to
the Executive Director a budget (the &#147;Budget&#148;) and a proposed Business Plan for
the Lottery Gaming Facility for such Fiscal Year, containing reasonably
detailed revenue and expense projections and providing projections for all
expenditures that Manager anticipates to be made, as well as all capital
expenditures and expenditures for replacements. The Budget will accompany and
be compatible with Manager&#146;s proposed Business Plan for the upcoming Fiscal
Year. The Budget is intended as, and will represent only, an estimate of the
projected revenues and expenditures for the Fiscal Year based upon assumptions
believed by Manager to be reasonable at the time of preparation. The Budget and
proposed Business Plan for each upcoming Fiscal Year will be subject to the
Executive Director&#146;s approval and/or amendment. Thereafter, Manager will use
reasonable efforts to achieve the budgetary goals reflected in the Budget, but
the parties both recognize the Budget cannot be relied upon as an assurance of
actual results for such Fiscal Year. Manager must promptly notify the Executive
Director of any need to depart in any material way from the Budget if, in
Manager&#146;s judgment, adherence to the Budget is impractical or if such departure
is necessary or desirable for the Lottery Gaming Facility&#146;s efficient or
profitable operation. Any such deviations from the Budget are subject to the
Executive Director&#146;s approval. Until such time as a Budget or Business Plan is
approved for any fiscal year, Manager may operate in accordance with the
previous fiscal year&#146;s Budget or Business Plan as approved by the Executive
Director. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Executive Director objects to
any portion of a proposed Budget, Executive Director shall advise Manager of
such objection (and deliver to Manager a reasonably detailed description of
such objections, the &#147;Disapproved Items&#148;) and Manager shall promptly revise the
Budget to address the Disapproved Items and shall resubmit the same to
Executive Director until Executive Director approves such Disapproved Items. In
addition, if any Disapproved Item is required to be paid pursuant to applicable
federal, state or local law, rule, regulation, order or statute or by any
governmental authority with jurisdiction with respect thereto, the cost and
expense of which were approved pursuant to previous Budgets, then Manager shall
be permitted to pay the same. Until such time that Executive Director approves
such Disapproved Items, the most recently approved Budget shall apply other
than with respect to the Disapproved Items with respect to which the previously
approved Budget shall apply. 

 24 

 48. Bank
Accounts . Manager will establish a special bank account (the
&#147;Collection Account&#148;) in its name at a Kansas bank approved by the Executive
Director in order to make the payments to the Executive Director required
pursuant to Paragraph 23. Manager will establish an additional bank account in
its name at a bank of its choice (subject to the Executive Director&#146;s approval)
into which the Executive Director will deposit all amounts due and payable to
Manager in accordance with Paragraph 26 (the &#147;Operations Account&#148;). Manager
will give the Executive Director written notice of the account information
necessary for the Executive Director to make deposits into the Operations
Account. The Executive Director will cause Manager&#146;s portion of the Lottery
Gaming Facility Revenues to be deposited electronically on a monthly basis into
the Operations Account. Manager may establish additional accounts and
subaccounts at its election, provided that all payments required to be made to
the Executive Director must continue to be deposited into the Collection
Account. Manager may grant a security interest in the Operations Account and
any other accounts established by Manager (other than the Collection Account)
to any Lender. 

 49. Events of
Default . Each of the following will constitute an event of default by Manager: 

 a) Manager&#146;s
failure to pay any amount owed the Kansas Lottery in the manner provided for in
this Agreement, subject to Manager&#146;s right to cure as provided in Paragraph 23,
if the Kansas Lottery decides in its sole discretion to give notice of such
default to Manager and, other than with respect to Paragraph 23, if Manager
fails to cure such nonpayment within seven (7) days after the date on
which such notice was received, 

 b) The filing of a
voluntary assignment in bankruptcy or insolvency or a petition for
reorganization under any bankruptcy law by Manager; 

 c) The consent to
an involuntary petition in bankruptcy by Manager; 

 d) Entry of an
order, judgment or decree by any court of competent jurisdiction, on
application of a creditor, adjudicating Manager a bankrupt or insolvent or
approving a petition seeking reorganization or appointing a receiver, trustee
or liquidator of all or a substantial part of Manager&#146;s assets, if such order,
judgment or decree continues unstayed and in effect for a period of 120
consecutive days; or 

 e) Manager&#146;s
failure to perform, keep or fulfill any other covenant, undertakings,
obligations or conditions set out in this Agreement for a period of thirty (30)
days after written notice of said failure from the Executive Director (unless a
shorter period of time is specified in this Agreement); provided, however, that
if the default is not susceptible of being cured within this thirty (30) day
period and the defaulting party with due diligence takes and continues action
to cure, then no event of default will be deemed to have occurred until the
failure to take or to continue to take such action; or 

 f) Withdrawal of
any approval granted, loss or suspension of any license/certification issued to
Manager by the Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission or any other 

 25 

 regulatory
entity with jurisdiction over Manager&#146;s activities unless such withdrawal,
suspension or loss is being contested by Manager in the appropriate forum with
jurisdiction over the agency action at issue. 

 50. Remedies on
Default . If an event of default occurs as provided above, the Executive
Director may, without prejudice to any other legal or equitable remedy which he
may have, give Manager notice of the Kansas Lottery&#146;s intention to terminate
this Agreement after the expiration of thirty (30) days from the date of such
notice and upon the expiration of such period, unless another cure period is
expressly provided for, this Agreement will be deemed terminated; provided,
however, that nothing in this paragraph, or in this Agreement, will be
construed to restrict the Executive Director&#146;s authority to: (a) immediately
cease operation of any or all Lottery Facility Games at the Lottery Gaming
Facility for any reason; or (b) physically secure or take possession of
any or all Lottery Facility Games and any related equipment necessary to play
such games. Manager acknowledges and agrees that once this Agreement is
terminated, the Kansas Lottery thereafter will be free to enter into a
management contract with a new manager for another Lottery Gaming Facility in the
Kansas gaming zone without penalty to the Kansas Lottery or further recourse by
Manager. During the thirty (30) day period between Manager&#146;s receipt of notice
of termination from the Executive Director and such termination becoming
effective, the Executive Director shall cooperate in good faith with Manager in
any effort undertaken by Manager to locate a third party to acquire the Lottery
Gaming Enterprise and assume the obligations of Manager hereunder; provided,
however, the Manager expressly acknowledges and agrees that any third party
must comply with all statutory and licensure requirements and be able to
perform all such obligations hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Manager
further acknowledges that its failure to make any daily electronic payment of
Lottery Gaming Facility Revenues as required by Paragraph 23 will authorize the
Executive Director in his sole discretion to immediately terminate this
Agreement. 

 51. Remedies
Cumulative . No remedy conferred upon or reserved to the Kansas
Lottery in this Agreement is intended to be exclusive of any other available
remedy, but each and every such remedy will be cumulative and in addition to
every other remedy given under this Agreement or now or hereafter existing at
law or in equity. No delay or omission to exercise any right or power accruing
upon any default will impair any such right or power or will be construed to be
a waiver, but any such right and power may be exercised from time to time and
as often as may be deemed expedient in favor of the Kansas Lottery. 

 52. Surrender
Upon Termination . At the Executive Director&#146;s request, Manager
agrees that at the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Manager
will deliver to the Executive Director, or his designee, all books, records,
accounting documents, computerized files, contracts, leases,
licenses/certifications, permits or other governmental authorizations, files,
supplies, keys, locks safe combinations, insurance policies not maintained as
part of Manager&#146;s blanket policies, warranty contracts and cards, operating
instructions and other information, warranties and guaranties concerning all
equipment relating to the Lottery Facility Games, as well as any maintenance or
preventive maintenance programs, schedules and logs, records, inventories of
personal property and equipment purchased on behalf of the Kansas Lottery or
the State of Kansas, and all other information regarding the Lottery Facility
Games, and all accounts and sums held or maintained by Manager on behalf of the
Kansas Lottery. Manager will have a reasonable period of time, not to exceed
forty-five (45) days from the termination date, to complete all accounting
functions with respect to the Lottery Gaming Facility. Manager must cooperate
with the Executive Director in 

 26 

 changing any bank accounts maintained for the Kansas Lottery&#146;s benefit.
Manager must take all actions reasonably necessary to facilitate the orderly
transition or termination of the management of the Lottery Gaming Facility and
must perform all reporting and accounting functions required by this Agreement
for the period from the date of the last report or accounting to the
termination date. If, at the termination of this Agreement, there are any
Lottery Facility Games that were purchased by Manager on behalf of the Kansas
Lottery with ownership transferred to the Kansas Lottery, then the Executive
Director will transfer ownership of such games to Manager or Manager&#146;s
designee, if such transfer is lawful; but if such transfer is not lawful, then
the Executive Director will refund to Manager the residual value received by
the Executive Director in a sale of such game to an eligible buyer. 

 53. Agreement
to Pay Attorneys&#146; Fees and Expenses . If Manager defaults under
any provision of this Agreement and the Kansas Lottery should employ attorneys
or incur other expenses for the collection of amounts payable or to enforce
performance or observance of Manager&#146;s obligations under this Agreement,
Manager must pay, on demand, the reasonable fees of such attorneys and such
other expenses incurred by the Kansas Lottery, if the Kansas Lottery is the
prevailing party. 

 54. Manager&#146;s
Indemnification Responsibilities . In addition to any other
indemnification obligations provided in this Agreement or by law, to the
fullest extent allowed by law, Manager agrees as follows: 

 a) To hold and
save harmless the State of Kansas, Commission, Commission members, the
Executive Director, the Kansas Lottery, Kansas Lottery staff, Kansas Racing and
Gaming Commission, Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission members, the Kansas
Racing and Gaming Commission&#146;s executive director, and Kansas Racing and Gaming
Commission staff (each an &#147;Indemnified Party&#148;) from liability for injury to
persons or damages to property by reason of any cause whatsoever, either in and
about the Lottery Gaming Facility or elsewhere, when Manager is carrying out
the provisions of, or any way connected with, this Agreement. 

 b) To hold and
save harmless any Indemnified Party upon demand for any money or other property
which they are required to pay out for any reasons whatsoever, whether the
payment is for a budgeted expense or any other charges or debts incurred or
assumed by Manager, or any other party, or judgments, settlement or expenses in
defense of any claim, civil action, proceeding, charge, or prosecution made,
instituted or maintained against Manager or an Indemnified Party jointly or
severally, affecting or because of the condition or use of the Lottery Gaming
Facility, or acts or failure to act by Manager or Manager&#146;s agents, or arising
out of or based upon any law, regulation, requirement, contract or award
related to the hours of employment, working conditions, wages and/or
compensation of employees or former employees at the Lottery Gaming Facility,
or any other cause in connection with the Lottery Gaming Facility&#146;s management
or Manager&#146;s activities related to any Ancillary Lottery Gaming Facility
Operations. This entire Paragraph 54 does not include any action against the
Kansas Lottery or its staff regarding the constitutionality of the Kansas
Expanded Lottery Act or misconduct by an Indemnified Party that is found to be
negligent or criminal. 

 27 

 c) To hold and
save harmless any Indemnified Party from liability for any claim arising as a
result of the selection of Manager under the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act to
manage the Lottery Gaming Facility, the denial of some other potential manager
in making that selection, the process used in making the selection, or the
process used in applying to become a Lottery Gaming Facility Manager under the
Kansas Expanded Lottery Act. 

 d) To hold and
save harmless any Indemnified Party from liability for any violation or breach
of this Agreement by Manager, its employees, or agents. 

 e) To hold and
save harmless any Indemnified Party from liability for any claims alleging
negligent acts or omissions by Manager, its officers, employees, agents, board
members, contractors, subcontractors or agents in the performance of this
Agreement. 

 f) To hold and
save harmless any Indemnified Party from liability for any claims alleging
violations of any intellectual property right for any intellectual property
supplied by Manager under this Agreement, including but not limited to,
infringement of patents, trademarks, trade dress, trade secrets, or copyrights
arising from Manager&#146;s performance under this Agreement. 

 Manager&#146;s duties under this
paragraph will survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. To the
extent Manager is responsible to defend any Indemnified Party as required under
this Agreement, Manager agrees to defend (with counsel approved by the
Executive Director), at Manager&#146;s sole expense, any Indemnified Party, and to
pay on demand all costs and expenses related to such defense regarding any
indemnification right provided for in this paragraph. The Kansas Lottery shall
cooperate in any such defense and will promptly provide notice to Manager of
any potential liability arising under this Paragraph 54. Manager&#146;s obligations under this paragraph
may be satisfied in whole, or in part, by insurance purchased at Manager&#146;s
expense, provided that Manager will be responsible for any indemnified
liabilities in excess of insurance limits. Notwithstanding any provision to the
contrary in this Agreement, Manager shall in no event be liable under any
indemnification obligation provided in this Agreement to the extent such
liability arises out of or is related to the negligence of or willful or
malicious misconduct of any Indemnified Party or resulting from actions taken
by Manager at the specific direction of the Executive Director. The provisions
of this paragraph in no way eliminate or cancel the insurance protection and
rights granted to the Kansas Lottery, the Commission, the State of Kansas and
their agents and employees as set forth in Paragraphs 34 and 35 of this
Agreement. 

 55. Compliance
with Orders, Ordinances, Etc . Throughout this Agreement&#146;s
term, Manager will promptly comply in all material respects with all statutes,
codes, laws, acts, ordinances, orders, judgments, decrees, injunctions, rules,
regulations, permits, licenses/certifications, authorizations, directions and
requirements of all federal, state, county, municipal and other governments,
departments, commissions, boards, companies or associations insuring the
premises, courts, authorities, officials and officers, foreseen or unforeseen,
ordinary or extraordinary, which now or at any time hereafter may be applicable
to the Lottery Gaming Facility or any part thereof, or to any use, manner of
use or condition of the Lottery Gaming Facility or any part thereof. 

 28 

 Notwithstanding these requirements, Manager may in good faith contest
the validity of the applicability of any requirement of the nature referred to
in this paragraph. In such event, Manager may fail to comply with the
requirement or requirements so contested during the period of such contest and
any appeal therefrom, so long as such non-compliance is permitted by law.
Manager will give notice to the Executive Director of any such non-compliance. 

 56. Discharge
of Liens and Encumbrances . Manager shall not permit or create or
suffer to be permitted or created any lien upon the Lottery Gaming Facility
Revenues or the Lottery Gaming Facility, or any part thereof, by reason of any
labor, services or materials rendered or supplied or claimed to be rendered or
supplied with respect to the Lottery Gaming Facility or any part thereof,
except any liens expressly approved by the Executive Director. Notwithstanding
these requirements, Manager may in good faith contest any such lien. In such
event, Manager, upon prior written notice to the Executive Director, may permit
the items so contested to remain undischarged and unsatisfied during the period
of such contest and any appeal, unless the Executive Director requires Manager
to promptly secure payment of all such unpaid items by filing the requisite
bond, in form and substance satisfactory to the Executive Director, thereby
causing a lien to be removed. Manager agrees this Agreement is not to be
considered property, and will not permit this Agreement to be attached,
garnished, or executed upon by any creditor for any reason, but such attachment,
garnishment or execution shall not be grounds for default if Manager promptly
contests and obtains vacation of such writs or secures a bond that causes the
lien thereof to be removed. This Agreement is not transferable in bankruptcy
without the Executive Director&#146;s approval, provided that the Manager&#146;s trustee,
if Manager is insolvent or bankrupt, may continue to operate the Lottery Gaming
Facility pursuant to this Agreement under order of the appropriate court for no
longer than one year after the bankruptcy or insolvency of Manager. 

 57. Assignment . This
Agreement may not be assigned in whole or in part without the Executive
Director&#146;s express written consent, which may be granted or withheld in his
sole and absolute discretion, except that this agreement may be assigned in
whole or in part to any Lender as provided in paragraph 78 hereto subject to
Lender&#146;s compliance with all statutory requirements, regulatory procedures,
(including those related to suitability), and Executive Director approval.
Notwithstanding the above, up to a 50% interest in Manager may be transferred
by an existing member, or members, of Manager to another person or entity that
is not then a member of Manager, provided such transferee obtains all approvals
required by applicable statute, regulation or this Agreement. 

 58. Notices . All notices
and other communications provided for under this Agreement, or any applicable
statute or regulation, must be in writing and sent via (a) U.S. Mail,
certified mail, return receipt requested, (b) recognized national
overnight courier (e.g. FedEx, UPS, DHL, etc.), (c) hand delivery or (d) fax,
if followed by notice under (a) or (b) at the addresses set forth
below, or at such other address as such party may specify by written notice to
the other parties hereto: 

 If to the Executive Director: 

 Ed Van Petten 

 Kansas Lottery 

 128 N. Kansas Avenue 

 Topeka, KS 66603-3638 

 Telephone: 785-296-5703 

 Facsimile: 785-296-5722 

 29 

 If
 to Manager: 

 Kansas Entertainment, LLC 

 c/o The Cordish Company 

 601 East Pratt Street 

 6 th Floor 

 Baltimore, Maryland 21202 

 Telephone: 410-752-5444 

 Facsimile: 410-659-9491 

 With
 a copy to: 

 Joe Weinberg 

 The Cordish Company 

 601 East Pratt Street 

 6 th Floor 

 Baltimore, Maryland 21202 

 Telephone: 410-752-5444 

 Facsimile: 410-659-9491 

 And
 to: 

 Jeff Boerger 

 Kansas Speedway
 Development Corp. 

 400 Speedway Boulevard 

 Kansas City, Kansas 66111 

 Telephone: 913-328-3303 

 Facsimile: 913-328-3372 

 And
 to: 

 James I. Hisiger 

 Latham & Watkins
 LLP 

 885 Third Avenue 

 New York, New York 10022 

 Telephone: 212-906-1371 

 Facsimile: 212-751-4864 

 Notice will be deemed given
three days after mailing, if by certified mail, return receipt requested, the
next business day after delivery to an overnight delivery service for next
business day delivery, or on the date sent by fax if confirmation of receipt is
obtained and retained and provided that notice under (a) or (b) above
is sent the same day. 

 59. Amendments . Except as otherwise provided in this
paragraph, no amendment, waiver, or consent as to any provision in this
Agreement will be effective unless it is in writing and agreed to by the
Executive Director and Manager, and each such waiver or consent will be
effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which
given. In addition, and notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement,
Manager acknowledges and agrees the Executive Director may overrule any
action by Manager affecting operations within the Lottery Gaming Facility
without prior notice to Manager, and that the Kansas Lottery maintains at all
times full control over all decisions concerning the Lottery Facility Games
placed at the Lottery Gaming Facility. This Agreement will also be modified, in
whole or in part, in order to comply with future statutory enactments or
judicial interpretations of applicable law by a court of competent
jurisdiction. This Agreement is subject to modification, in whole or in part,
or cancellation, as deemed necessary 

 30 

 by the Executive Director to
comply with any future statutory enactments, subsequent regulatory changes, or
judicial interpretations of applicable law by a court of competent jurisdiction
occurring after this Agreement&#146;s execution, without additional consideration
being exchanged between the parties. The parties agree nothing in this
paragraph will be read to limit the remedies provided to Manager in Paragraphs
31 or 65. 

 60. No Recourse; Special
Obligation . 

 (a) The Kansas Lottery&#146;s obligations and agreements contained herein and
any other instrument or document executed in connection with this Agreement,
and any other instrument or document supplemental thereto or hereto, are deemed
the obligations and agreements of the Kansas Lottery, and not of any member,
officer, contractor (other than Manager), or employee of the Commission or
Kansas Lottery in his or her individual capacity, and such individuals will not
be liable personally hereon or thereon or be subject to any personal liability
based upon or in respect hereof or thereof or of any transaction contemplated
hereby or thereby. 

 (b) The Manager&#146;s obligations and agreements contained herein and any other
instrument or document executed in connection with this Agreement and any other
instrument or document supplemental thereto or hereto, are deemed the
obligations and agreements of Manager, and not of any direct or indirect equity
owner, member, partner, officer, director, contractor, or employee of Manager
in his or its individual capacity, and such entities and individuals will not
be liable personally hereon or thereon or be subject to any personal liability
based upon or in respect hereof or thereof or of any transaction contemplated
herby or thereby, with the exception of agreements, documents or instruments
that are signed by any person or entity in his or its individual capacity, such
as an individual disclosure form. 

 61. Severability . If any provision in this Agreement is
determined to be invalid or unenforceable by any court with competent
jurisdiction, such holding will not invalidate or render unenforceable any
other provision, and the parties may renegotiate this Agreement to conform to
any such court holding. 

 62. Binding Effect . This Agreement will inure to the benefit
of, and will be binding upon, the State of Kansas, the Kansas Lottery, Manager,
and their respective successors and assigns. 

 63. Force Majeure . With respect to any obligation to be
performed by a party during this Agreement&#146;s term, no party will be liable for
failure to perform when prevented by any force majeure cause beyond the
reasonable control of such party such as an act of God, strike, lockout, breakdown,
accident, order or regulation of or by any governmental authority, delay in
obtaining any approval required by any governmental authority (and such delay
is not caused by Manager), failure of supply or inability, by the exercise of
reasonable diligence, to obtain supplies, parts or employees necessary to
perform such obligation, or war or other emergency. The time within which such
obligation must be performed will be extended for a period of time equivalent
to the delay from such cause. But failure to perform by Manager&#146;s
subcontractors or agents will not be considered a force majeure unless such
subcontractor or supplier is prevented from timely performance by a force
majeure as described above. This paragraph will not apply to any financial difficulties
of Manager, or any parent, subsidiary, or affiliated or associated company of
Manager, but will apply to orders of the 

 31 

 Kansas Racing and Gaming
Commission or court orders preventing Manager&#146;s ability to perform. The
provisions of this paragraph 63 notwithstanding, the parties agree the
litigation components of the force majeure definition do not apply to Manager&#146;s
obligations to pay the privilege fee as required by Paragraph 20 above or to
Manager&#146;s obligations to pay the expenses of the Kansas Lottery or the Kansas
Racing and Gaming Commission as required by Paragraph 28, except, in each case,
if such litigation components restrict, prohibit or disallow Manager from
making such payments (or any portion thereof), in which case Manager shall be
permitted to comply with such litigation components and such compliance shall
not be, nor shall it be deemed to be, an event of default hereunder. 

 64. Emergency Closings . If at any time during this Agreement&#146;s term
it becomes necessary in the Executive Director&#146;s or Manager&#146;s reasonable
opinion to cease operations at the Lottery Gaming Facility in order to protect
the facility or the health, safety and welfare of guests or employees for
reasons of force majeure such as, but not limited to, acts of war,
insurrection, civil strife and commotion, labor unrest, environmental risks or
other casualty, then the Lottery Gaming Facility may be closed and cease
operation of all or part of the facility. If this occurs based on Manager&#146;s
determination, Manager must immediately notify the Executive Director, who will
then determine when the Lottery Gaming Facility is reopened without jeopardy to
the facility, its guests or employees. 

 65. Manager&#146;s Right to Cease
Management Activities .
Manager may cease management of the Lottery Gaming Facility and terminate this
Agreement with no less than six months advance written notice if: 

 a) K.S.A. 2008 Supp. 74-8734(h)(1) or other
applicable statute or regulation is amended to reduce the term of this
Agreement; 

 b) Either K.S.A. 2008 Supp. 74-8734(h)(12) or
(13) or other applicable statute or regulation are amended to increase the
minimum percentages stated in K.S.A. 2008 Supp. 74-8734(h)(12) or (13) above
the amounts provided for in this Agreement; 

 c) K.S.A. 2008 Supp. 74-8734 (h)(16) or other
applicable statute or regulation is amended to increase above the aggregate the
minimum percentages stated in K.S.A. 2008 Supp. 74-8734(h)(16) above the
amounts provided for in this Agreement; 

 d) The Kansas Lottery fails to effect payment of
Manager&#146;s compensation as due under this Agreement and not otherwise in
dispute, provided such failure of payment is not cured within ten (10) business
days of notice by Manager to the Executive Director; 

 e) K.S.A. 2008 Supp. 74-8739 is amended to no
longer permit the sale or service of alcoholic beverages at the Lottery Gaming
Facility or Ancillary Lottery Gaming Facility Operations; 

 f) The Kansas Expanded Lottery Act is amended to
preclude the Kansas Lottery from owning and operating table games at the
Lottery Gaming Facility; 

 32 

 g) A court of competent jurisdiction, after all
appropriate appeals are exhausted, invalidates paragraph 30 above or the corresponding
provisions of the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act; 

 h) The Lottery Gaming Facility operates at a
financial loss to Manager at the net income level (as defined by GAAP and
verified by an independent audit by an auditor approved by the Executive
Director) during a full Fiscal Year and Manager gives the Executive Director at
least 180-days&#146; advance written notice of Manager&#146;s intent to cease management
activities within forty-five (45) days after the end of the Fiscal Year in
which the financial loss occurs; or 

 i) The Executive Director exercises his right
under Paragraph 33 or the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act to physically secure,
deactivate or cease operation of such a substantial number of Lottery Facility
Games that the Lottery Gaming Facility is no longer commercially viable. 

 The parties agree that in
addition to, or in lieu of, Manager&#146;s right to cease management activities
under this paragraph, Manager will have available to it any legal or equitable
remedy against the State of Kansas, including any impairment of the obligations
of this contract prohibited by Article I, Section 10, Clause 1 of the
Constitution of the United States of America, if any of the circumstances
stated above in sub-paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) occur.
Nothing in this paragraph will be deemed a waiver of the immunities and
protections reserved to the State of Kansas under the Eleventh Amendment to the
Constitution of the United States. 

 66. Manager&#146;s Ability to
Withdraw Application .
Manager may withdraw its application to be a Lottery Gaming Facility Manager at
any time prior to its approval by the Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission.
Notice of Manager&#146;s withdrawal must be given in writing to the Executive
Director. If at the time of Manager&#146;s withdrawal, Manager has paid a privilege
fee to the state treasurer and credited to the Lottery Gaming Facility Manager
Fund, the Executive Director will promptly notify the state treasurer of
Manager&#146;s withdrawal and direct the state treasurer to refund Manager&#146;s
privilege payment without interest. Manager acknowledges and agrees that if it
withdraws its application pursuant to this paragraph, this agreement will be
void (with the exceptions of Sections 8, 28,(except that with respect to Section 28,
Manager shall only be liable for any obligations which accrued prior to the
date of its withdrawal), 54, 58, 60, 70, 71 and 72) and it will not be
permitted to re-apply as a Lottery Gaming Facility Manager in the Northeast
Gaming Zone unless the application process is reopened. Manager will not be
permitted any refund for payments made by Manager to reimburse the Kansas
Lottery or the Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission&#146;s expenses as required by
this Agreement. 

 67. Financing Commitment for
Construction and Commitment for Expansion of Speedway and Racing Events . 

 a) In accordance with K.S.A. 2008 Supp.
74-8734(h)(9), Manager attaches as Exhibit E its financing commitment for
construction of the Lottery Gaming Facility and ancillary facilities. 

 b) If Manager is designated the Lottery Gaming
Facility Manager no later than April 30, 2010, then following the
Effective Date, International Speedway Corporation (&#147;ISC&#148;) 

 33 

 shall request the approval
of the National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing, Inc. (&#147;NASCAR&#148;) to
add a second NASCAR Sprint Cup Series event to be held at Kansas Speedway
(the &#147;Event&#148;) no later than the 2011 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series season. ISC has authorized the realignment of the
Event from its current portfolio of events, subject to NASCAR&#146;s approval. If
the Event is not held at Kansas Speedway no later than the 2011 NASCAR Sprint
Cup Series season, Manager shall pay Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000) to
be allocated as follows: Five Million
Dollars ($5,000,000) to the Kansas Lottery and Five Million Dollars
($5,000,000) to the Unified Government of Wyandotte County. Such payment shall be made no later than
ninety (90) days following written notice from Kansas Lottery to Manager that
the Event was not held in accordance with this Section 67. The Kansas
Lottery hereby acknowledges and agrees that payments made pursuant to this Section 67
shall not be due if the Event is held in accordance with the terms of this Section 67.
ISC&#146;s commitment to the above is memorialized in the attached Commitment Letter
from ISC, which is included as Exhibit G to this Agreement. 

 c) If Manager is designated the Lottery Gaming
Facility Manager no later than April 30, 2010, then following the
Effective Date, the Manager shall dedicate such funds as necessary to construct
a road racing course at Kansas Speedway, which shall be suitable for the
holding of major road racing motorsports events. As part of same, Kansas
Speedway agrees to promote a race sanctioned by the Grand American Road Racing
Association following the completion of such road racing course and no later
than the 2011 racing season. Kansas Speedway shall also provide to the Kansas
Lottery with two (2) trackside billboards during each year of the term
hereof. The two (2) trackside billboards shall be 20&#146; x 60&#146; in size, shall
be used solely by the State of Kansas for purposes of promoting tourism for the
State of Kansas and, accordingly, the rights to use such billboards may not be
transferred or assigned by the State of Kansas. Kansas Speedway&#146;s commitments
to the above are memorialized in the attached Commitment Letter from Kansas
Speedway, which is included as Exhibit H to this Agreement. 

 68. Executive Director&#146;s
Approval . When it is
provided in this Agreement that the Manager will submit a budget, plan or other
issue for the Executive Director&#146;s approval, the Executive Director will
respond within 30 days, provided that any request from Manager in which the
Executive Director fails to respond in that time will be deemed denied. The Executive
Director will not exercise his discretionary authority provided to him in this
Agreement in an unreasonable, arbitrary or capricious manner. 

 69. Central Computer System . Manager acknowledges and agrees that all
Electronic Gaming Machines at the Lottery Gaming Facility will be directly
linked to a central computer at a location determined by the Executive Director
for purposes of security, monitoring, auditing, and providing other available
program information to the Kansas Lottery. The Executive Director will have
sole authority to determine the functions and operational capacities to be
performed through this central computer system by Manager, as well as the
services provided by the vendor engaged by the Executive Director to provide
the central computer system. In addition to all other functions to be performed
by the central computer system, the Executive Director expressly reserves the
authority to determine if this central computer system will be used to validate
or redeem tickets issued by an Electronic Gaming Machine commonly referred to
as &#147;Ticket-in Ticket Out.&#148; 

 34 

 70. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in
counterparts, each of which will be an original and all of which will constitute
one and the same instrument. 

 71. Applicable Law . This Agreement will be governed, construed,
and enforced in accordance with Kansas law for contracts to be wholly performed
within the state. 

 72. Jurisdiction and Venue . Any action by or between the parties
challenging the constitutionality of, or arising out of, any provision of the
Kansas Expanded Lottery Act, this Agreement, or any rule or regulation
promulgated pursuant to the Kansas Expanded Lottery Act must be brought in the
district court of Shawnee County, Kansas, unless a dispute is first subject to
proceedings under the Kansas Administrative Procedure Act. 

 73. Headings Not Controlling;
Construction; Survival . Each
paragraph heading is prepared for convenience only and is not to control, affect
the meaning, or be taken as an interpretation for any provision in this
Agreement. Use of the word &#147;including&#148; in this Agreement does not mean
including in a restrictive sense, but rather means in the sense of providing a
non-exclusive illustration, as if the words &#147;including without limitation&#148; were
included in the text. The terms and provisions of Paragraphs 31, 48, 52, 54,
58, 65, 71, 72, 74 and 78 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

 74. No Joint Venture Created . Manager and the Kansas Lottery agree and
acknowledge that by entering into this Agreement they are not entering into a
joint venture. 

 75. Covenant for Continued
Disclosure . Within 30 days
after the close of the Fiscal Year, Manager must update all exhibits to this
Agreement as designated by the Executive Director. Upon the Executive Director&#146;s
written request, Manager will provide such other information regarding the
financial or legal undertakings of Manager, the Lottery Gaming Facility, or the
Ancillary Lottery Gaming Facility Operations. 

 76. No Endorsement Made. By executing this Agreement the Kansas
Lottery, the Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission, and the State of Kansas have
not considered or endorsed the marketability of Manager&#146;s securities or
marketability of any securities of Manager&#146;s affiliates. 

 77. Contractual Attachment . It is further agreed that the provisions
found in the Contractual Provisions Attachment (Form DA-146a), and is
attached as Exhibit F, are incorporated in this Agreement as though set
out in full. 

 78. Lender Protections. The
Kansas Lottery expressly recognizes the need for Manager to obtain favorable
financing terms and the need for any third party lender (&#147;Lender&#148;) associated
with the development of the Lottery Gaming Enterprise to protect its investment.
Therefore, in connection with any financing from a Lender during the term of
this Agreement or in connection with the construction of the Lottery Gaming
Enterprise, the following provisions will apply: 

 a) The
Kansas Lottery acknowledges that Manager may grant a security interest in,
and/or grant a mortgage encumbering, the Lottery Gaming Enterprise, Lottery
Facility Games, and any bank accounts of Manager referenced in Paragraph 48 but
excluding any Collection Accounts; 

 35 

 b) If
any default occurs for which the Kansas Lottery intends to terminate this
agreement, the Kansas Lottery shall promptly give Lender a notice of such
default. Any notice from the Kansas
Lottery to Manager shall have no effect as and against Lender only unless
Lender receives a copy of same; 

 c) Notwithstanding
anything in the Agreement to the contrary, upon a default by Manager under the
financing agreements, without Kansas Lottery&#146;s or Executive Director&#146;s consent,
at any time, any Lender may initiate and complete any foreclosure, deed in lieu
or similar proceeding to acquire the Lottery Gaming Enterprise and exercise any
other rights and remedies against Manager or its affiliates and the Lottery
Gaming Enterprise. If any such actions by Lender cause Manager to be in default
under this Agreement, the Kansas Lottery and/or Executive Director may enforce
all of their rights against Manager, including termination of this Agreement. 

 d) Upon
a bankruptcy of Manager, or if the Kansas Lottery elects to terminate this
Agreement for any other reason, it shall notify Lender, and Lender may request
, within thirty (30) days of receiving such notice, that the Kansas Lottery
promptly enter into a new management agreement on substantially the same terms
as this Agreement (New Management Agreement) with a new, Third Party
Manager. Kansas Lottery need not
consider such a request, however, unless a Lender has first: (i) cured all reasonably curable
defaults to the extent required hereunder; 
(ii) reimbursed Kansas Lottery&#146;s costs and expenses (including
reasonable attorneys&#146; fees and expenses) to terminate this Agreement, recover
the Lottery Gaming Facility, and enter into the New Management Agreement; and (iii) ensured
that any new Third Party Manager and/or the New Management Agreement are in
compliance with any and all statutory requirements, approvals or consents , and
any regulatory procedures, including those related to suitability . The Kansas
Lottery agrees to co-operate with a Lender in good faith to find a new
acceptable Third Party Manager upon any such termination of Manager. 

 e) The
Kansas Lottery agrees to notify Lender of any material amendments made under Section 59
of this Agreement. No such amendment shall be effective as and against Lender
without the prior written consent of Lender, such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld. 

 f) Manager
agrees to notify the Lottery of any Lender&#146;s contact information and keep it
current with the Lottery at all times. Manager&#146;s failure to keep a Lender&#146;s
contact information current will nullify the Kansas Lottery&#146;s duty of notice
under (a), (b) (c) or (d) of this Section. 

 g) The
rights of Lender hereunder shall inure to the benefit of a Lender&#146;s affiliate,
assignee, designee, nominee, subsidiary, or others designated by Lender. To the
extent any of Lender&#146;s rights under this Agreement apply after this Agreement
terminates, they shall survive such termination. 

 The Kansas
Lottery agrees to provide any standard business consents, estoppels or similar
instruments reasonably requested by Manager or Lender in connection with any
such financing of the Lottery Gaming Enterprise or Lottery Facility Games. 

 36 

 79. No Third
Party Beneficiaries. In no
event shall any person or entity that is not a party to this Agreement be an
express, implied, or intended third party beneficiary. 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Executive Director, on behalf of the Kansas Lottery, and Manager have caused
this Agreement to be executed in their respective names, all as of the date
first above written. 

 THE KANSAS LOTTERY 

 By: 

 /s/ Ed Van Petten 

 Dated: 

 8-25-09 

 Ed Van Petten, Executive
 Director 

 KANSAS ENTERTAINMENT, LLC,
 a Delaware limited liability company 

 By: 

 /s/ Joseph Weinberg 

 Dated: 

 8-14-09 

 Authorized Representative 

 37 

 EXHIBIT SCHEDULE 

 EXHIBIT A &#151; Environmental
Compliance and Indemnification Agreement 

 EXHIBIT B &#151; County
Endorsement 

 EXHIBIT C &#151;Expected
Construction Sequence 

 EXHIBIT D &#151;Key Employees 

 EXHIBIT E&#151; Financing
Commitment Description 

 EXHIBIT
F &#151; DA-146a 

 EXHIBIT
G&#151;Commitment letter from ISC 

 EXHIBIT
H&#151;Commitment letter from Kansas Speedway 

 38 

