 
 8-K
 1
 eh1800540_8k.htm
 FORM 8-K

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 8-K 

 CURRENT REPORT 

 Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 9, 2018 

 THE BON-TON STORES, INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 Pennsylvania 

 0-19517 

 23-2835229 

 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

 (Commission File Number) 

 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

 2801 E. Market Street, York, Pennsylvania 17402 

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

 717-757-7660 

 (Registrant';s Telephone Number, including Area Code) 

 Not Applicable 

 (Former Name or Former Address, If Changed Since Last Report) 

 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

 &#9744; Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

 &#9744; Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

 &#9744; Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

 &#9744; Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (&#167;230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&#167;240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

 Emerging growth company &#9744; 

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. &#9744; 

 Item 8.01 

 Other Events. 

 On April 9, 2018, the Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. (the "; Company ";) announced that it has received a signed letter of intent from an investor group composed of DW Partners, Namdar Realty Group (including its partner Mason Asset Management) and Washington Prime Group (the "; investor group ";), pursuant to which the investor group proposes to acquire the Company as a going concern in a Bankruptcy Court-supervised sale process. The Company and the investor group are in the process of finalizing an asset purchase agreement in advance of an auction, which is now scheduled to be held on April 16, 2018. 

 The Company sought and received approval from its lenders to extend the date of the auction to April 16, 2018. The auction is designed to achieve the highest or otherwise best offer, and is subject to, among other things, Bankruptcy Court approval and other customary conditions. A hearing to approve a sale is expected to take place later in April. 

 A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. 

 Cautionary Information Regarding Trading in the Company';s Securities. 

 The Company cautions that trading in the Company '; s securities during the pendency of the Company';s chapter 11 cases (the ";Chapter 11 Cases";) is highly speculative and poses substantial risks. Trading prices for the Company '; s securities may bear little or no relationship to the actual value realized, if any, by holders of the Company '; s securities in the Chapter 11 Cases. Accordingly, the Company urges extreme caution with respect to existing and future investments in its securities. 

 Forward-Looking Statements. 

 Certain information included in this Current Report and in other communications made by the Company contain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements, which may be identified by words such as ";may,"; ";could,"; ";will,"; ";plan,"; ";expect,"; ";anticipate,"; ";believe,"; ";estimate,"; ";project,"; ";intend,"; or other similar expressions, involve important risks and uncertainties that could significantly cause future results to differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause such differences include, but are not limited to: risks related to retail businesses generally; deterioration of general economic conditions; potential increases in pension obligations; consumer spending patterns, debt levels, and the availability and cost of consumer credit; additional competition from existing and new competitors or changes in the competitive environment; changes in energy and transportation costs; weather conditions that could negatively impact sales; the ability to attract and retain qualified management; the dependence upon relationships with vendors and their factors; a data security breach or system failure; the ability to reduce or control SG&A expenses; operational disruptions; unsuccessful marketing initiatives; the ability to improve efficiency through the Company';s eCommerce fulfillment center; changes in, or the failure to successfully implement, our key strategies, including the store rationalization program and initiatives to improve our merchandising, marketing and operations; adverse outcomes in litigation; the ability to obtain financing for working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes; the impact of regulatory requirements; the financial condition of mall operators; and the uncertainties relating to the bankruptcy filing by the Company, including, but not limited to, (i) the Company';s ability to obtain Bankruptcy Court approval with respect to motions or other requests made to the Bankruptcy Court in the Chapter 11 Cases, including maintaining strategic control as debtor-in-possession; (ii) the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to negotiate, develop, confirm and consummate a plan of reorganization; (iii) the effects of the Company';s bankruptcy filing on the Company and on the interests of various constituents; (iv) Bankruptcy Court rulings in the Chapter 11 Cases and the outcome of the Chapter 11 Cases in general; (v) the length of time that the Company will operate under Chapter 11 protection and the continued availability of 

 operating capital during the pendency of the proceedings; (vi) risks associated with third party motions in the Chapter 11 Cases, which may interfere with the Company';s ability to confirm and consummate a plan of reorganization; (vii) the potential adverse effects of the Chapter 11 proceedings on the Company';s liquidity or results of operations; (viii) increased advisory costs to execute the Company';s reorganization; and (ix) other risks and uncertainties. Additional factors that could cause the Company';s actual results to differ from those contained in these forward-looking statements are discussed in greater detail in the Company';s Annual Report on Form 10-K, subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements made by the Company in this Current Report, or elsewhere, speak only as of the date on which the statements were made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law. 

 Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

 (d) Exhibits 

 Exhibit 
 Number 

 Description of Exhibit 

 99.1 

 Press release, dated April 9, 2018 . 

 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

 The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. 

 By: 
 
 /s/ Michael G. Culhane 

 Michael G. Culhane 

 Executive Vice President &#8211; Chief Financial Officer 

 Dated: April 10, 2018 

