 
 8-K
 1
 d626233d8k.htm
 8-K

 8-K 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 8-K 
 CURRENT
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): September 18, 2018 
 
 ENBRIDGE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 

 DELAWARE 
 
 1-10934 
 
 39-1715850 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction 
 of Incorporation) 
 
 (Commission 
 File Number) 
 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 5400 Westheimer Court, Houston, Texas 77056 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 (713) 627-5400 
 (Registrant&#146;s telephone number, including area code) 
 Not Applicable (Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) 
 Check the
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

 &#9746; 
 Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

 &#9744; 
 Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14a-12) 

 &#9744; 
 Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

 &#9744; 
 Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR &#167;230.405) or
Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR &#167;240.12b-2). 
 Emerging Growth Company &#9744; If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act. &#9744; 

 ITEM 8.01 Other Events. 
 On September 18, 2018, Enbridge Inc. (&#147;Enbridge&#148;) issued a joint press release, along with Enbridge Energy Partners,
L.P. (&#147;EEP&#148;) and Enbridge Energy Management, L.L.C. (&#147;EEQ&#148;), announcing that Enbridge, EEP and EEQ have entered into separate definitive agreements under which Enbridge will acquire all of the outstanding public Class A
common units of EEP and all of the outstanding public Listed Shares of EEQ. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 
 (d) Exhibits 

 99.1 
 
 Joint Press Release of Enbridge Inc., Enbridge Energy Management, L.L.C. and Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P., dated as of September 18, 2018. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This communication includes &#147;forward-looking statements&#148; within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of Enbridge, EEP, EEQ, Spectra Energy Partners, LP (&#147;SEP&#148;), and Enbridge Income Fund Holdings
Inc. (&#147;ENF&#148; and, together with EEP, EEQ and SEP, the &#147;Sponsored Vehicles&#148;). These forward-looking statements are identified by terms and phrases such as: anticipate, believe, intend, estimate, expect, continue, should, could,
may, plan, project, predict, will, potential, forecast and similar expressions and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the expected closing, consummation, completion, timing and benefits of the proposed acquisitions of the
Sponsored Vehicles (collectively, the &#147;Proposed Transactions&#148;), the expected synergies and equityholder value to result from the combined companies, the expected levels of cash distributions or dividends by the Sponsored Vehicles to their
respective shareholders or unitholders, the expected levels of dividends by Enbridge to its shareholders, the expected financial results of Enbridge and its Sponsored Vehicles and their respective affiliates, and the future credit ratings, financial
condition and business strategy of Enbridge, its Sponsored Vehicles and their respective affiliates. Although Enbridge and its Sponsored Vehicles believe
these forward-looking statements are reasonable based on the information available on the date such statements are made and processes used to prepare the information, such statements are not guarantees of future performance and readers are cautioned
against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements. By their nature, these statements involve a variety of assumptions, known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results, levels of activity and
achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Material assumptions include assumptions about the following: the expected supply of and demand for crude oil, natural gas, natural gas liquids (&#147;NGL&#148;)
and renewable energy; prices of crude oil, natural gas, NGL and renewable energy; exchange rates; inflation; interest rates; availability and price of labor and construction materials; operational reliability; customer and regulatory approvals;
maintenance of support and regulatory approvals for projects; anticipated in-service dates; weather; the timing and closing of dispositions; the realization of anticipated benefits and synergies of the
Proposed Transactions; governmental legislation; acquisitions and the timing thereof; the success of integration plans; impact of capital project execution on future cash flows; credit ratings; capital project funding; expected earnings; expected
future cash flows; and estimated future dividends. Assumptions regarding the expected supply of and demand for crude oil, natural gas, NGL and renewable energy, and the prices of these commodities, are material to and underlie all forward-looking
statements, as they may impact current and future levels of demand for Enbridge&#146;s and its Sponsored Vehicles&#146; services. Similarly, exchange rates, inflation and interest rates impact the economies and business environments and may impact
levels of demand for Enbridge&#146;s and its Sponsored Vehicles&#146; services and cost of inputs, and are therefore inherent in all forward-looking statements. Due to the interdependencies and correlation of
these macroeconomic factors, the impact of any one assumption on a forward-looking statement cannot be determined with certainty, particularly with respect to the impact of the Proposed Transactions, expected earnings and cash flow or estimated
future dividends. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to be
materially different from the results predicted. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement including,
but not limited to: the risk that the Proposed Transactions do not occur; negative effects from the pendency of the Proposed Transactions; the ability to realize expected cost savings and benefits from the Proposed Transactions; the

timing to consummate the Proposed Transactions; whether the Sponsored Vehicles or Enbridge will produce sufficient cash flows to provide the level of cash distributions they expect with respect
to their respective units or shares; outcomes of litigation and regulatory investigations, proceedings or inquiries; operating performance of Enbridge and its Sponsored Vehicles; regulatory parameters regarding Enbridge and its Sponsored Vehicles;
other Enbridge dispositions; project approval and support; renewals of rights of way; weather, economic and competitive conditions; public opinion; changes in tax laws and tax rates; changes in trade agreements, exchange rates, interest rates,
commodity prices, political decisions and supply of and demand for commodities; and any other risks and uncertainties discussed herein or in Enbridge&#146;s or its Sponsored Vehicles&#146; other filings with Canadian and United States securities
regulators. All forward-looking statements in this communication are made as of the date hereof and, except to the extent required by applicable law, neither Enbridge nor any of the Sponsored Vehicles assume any obligation to publicly update or
revise any forward-looking statements made in this communication or otherwise, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All subsequent
 forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, attributable to Enbridge, its Sponsored Vehicles or persons acting on their behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary
statements. The factors described above, as well as additional factors that could affect Enbridge&#146;s or any of its Sponsored Vehicles&#146; respective forward-looking statements, are described under the
headings &#147;Risk Factors&#148; and &#147;Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information&#148; in Enbridge&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2017, which was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;) and Canadian securities regulators on February 16, 2018, each of EEP&#146;s, EEQ&#146;s and SEP&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, which were filed with the SEC on February 16, 2018, ENF&#146;s Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis for the year ended December 31, 2017, which
was filed with Canadian securities regulators on February 16, 2018, and in Enbridge&#146;s and its Sponsored Vehicles&#146; respective other filings made with the SEC and Canadian securities regulators, which are available via the SEC&#146;s
website at http://www.sec.gov and at http://www.sedar.com, as applicable. Additional Information about Enbridge and the Proposed Transactions and
Where to Find It This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of
any proxies or approval. The Proposed Transactions will be submitted to the shareholders of EEQ or ENF or unitholders of EEP or SEP, as applicable, for their consideration. Enbridge will file with the SEC proxy statements of EEQ and EEP,
respectively, and a consent statement of SEP, each of which will also constitute a prospectus of Enbridge. Enbridge and its Sponsored Vehicles also plan to file other documents with the SEC and Canadian securities regulators regarding the Proposed
Transactions. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF ENBRIDGE AND ITS SPONSORED VEHICLES ARE URGED TO READ THE APPLICABLE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, PROXY OR CONSENT SOLICITATION STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT WILL BE FILED WITH THE
SEC OR CANADIAN SECURITIES REGULATORS, AS APPLICABLE, CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS. Investors, shareholders and unitholders will be able to
obtain free copies of such documents containing important information about Enbridge and its Sponsored Vehicles once such documents are filed with the SEC, through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov or with Canadian securities
regulators through the SEDAR website at http://www.sedar.com, as applicable. Copies can also be obtained, without charge, by directing a request to Enbridge Inc., 200, 425 &#150; 1st Street S.W., Calgary, Alberta, Canada T2P 3L8, Attention: Investor
Relations. Participants in the Solicitations 
 Enbridge, each of its Sponsored Vehicles, and certain of their respective directors and executive officers, may be deemed participants in the solicitation of
consents or proxies from the holders of equity securities of the Sponsored Vehicles in connection with the Proposed Transactions. Information about the directors and executive officers of Enbridge is set forth in its definitive proxy statement filed
with the SEC on April 5, 2018. Information about the directors and executive officers of EEP, EEQ and SEP is set forth in EEP&#146;s, EEQ&#146;s and SEP&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2017, respectively, each of which was filed with the SEC on February 16, 2018. Information about the directors and executive officers of ENF is set forth in ENF&#146;s Annual Information Form for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2017, which was filed with Canadian securities regulators on February 16, 2018. Each of these documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. Other information regarding the participants in any
consent or proxy solicitation with respect to the Proposed Transactions and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be contained in the relevant materials to be filed by Enbridge and the
Sponsored Vehicles with the SEC when they become available. 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

 ENBRIDGE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. 
 (Registrant) 

 By: 
 
 Enbridge Energy Management, L.L.C. 

 as delegate of Enbridge Energy Company, Inc., 
 its General Partner 

 Date: September 18, 2018 

 By: 
 
 /s/ Allen Capps 

 Allen Capps 

 Controller 

 (Duly Authorized Officer) 

