 
 8-K
 1
 v474320_8k.htm
 FORM 8-K

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 8-K 

 CURRENT REPORT 

 Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): August 31, 2017 

 Albany Molecular Research, Inc. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

 Delaware 
 
 001-35622 
 
 14-1742717 

 (State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation) 

 (Commission 
 File Number) 

 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

 26 Corporate Circle 

 Albany, NY 12203 

 (Address of principal executive offices,
Zip code) 

 (518) 512-2000 

 (Registrant's telephone number, including
area code) 

 Not applicable 

 (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed
Since Last Report) 

 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

 Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

 Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

 Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

 Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

 Emerging growth company &#168; 

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. &#168; 

 Introductory Note. 

 On August 31, 2017, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger
(the " Merger Agreement "), dated as of June 5, 2017, by and among Albany Molecular Research, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the " Company "), UIC Parent Corporation, a Delaware corporation (" Parent "),
and UIC Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (" Merger Sub "
and, together with Parent, the " Acquiring Parties "), Merger Sub merged with and into the Company (the
" Merger "), with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent. Parent and Merger
Sub were formed by affiliates of The Carlyle Group (" Carlyle ") and affiliates of GTCR LLC (" GTCR ")
to facilitate the participation of investment funds by Carlyle and GTCR in the transaction. 

 Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

 On the Closing Date, the Company, successor
by merger to Merger Sub, and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a (i) First Lien Credit Agreement with Barclays Bank PLC,
as administrative agent (the "First Lien Administrative Agent" ), collateral agent and a L/C issuer,
and the certain other parties thereto (the "First Lien Credit Agreement" ), and (ii) Second Lien
Credit Agreement with Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent (the " Second Lien Administrative
Agent " and, together with the First Lien Administrative Agent, the " Administrative Agents ")
and collateral agent, and the certain other parties thereto (the " Second Lien Credit Agreement " and,
together with the First Lien Credit Agreement, the " Credit Agreements "). The Credit Agreements provide
for the following loan facilities: (i) a seven-year $655,000,000 senior secured first-lien term loan facility, (ii) a five-year $100,000,000
multi-currency senior secured revolving credit facility, and (iii) an eight-year $205,000,000 senior secured second-lien term loan
facility. 

 At the Company's option, the
principal balance of loans outstanding under (i) the First Lien Credit Agreement will bear interest at a rate equal to (a) with
respect to term loans (1) LIBOR (subject to a 1.00% floor) plus an applicable margin equal to 3.25% or (2) a base rate
(the "Base Rate" ) that is the greatest of: (A) the rate of interest determined from time to
time by the applicable Administrative Agent as its "prime rate" as in effect on such day, (B) the sum of (x) the
Federal Funds Rate, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, plus (y) 1/2 of 1.00% per annum, and (C) the
sum of (x) the one-month LIBOR rate (subject to a 1.00% floor) plus (y) 1.00%, plus an applicable margin equal
to 2.25%, and (b) with respect to the revolving loans, (A) LIBOR plus an applicable margin equal to 3.50% or (B) Base
Rate, plus an applicable margin equal to 2.50%, in each case subject to a 0.5% decrease upon the Company's achievement of
certain financial ratios, and (ii) the Second Lien Credit Agreement will bear interest at a rate equal to (a) LIBOR (subject to
a 1.00% floor) plus an applicable margin equal to 7.00% or (b) Base Rate, plus an applicable margin equal to 6.00%. 

 The term loans under the Credit Agreements
were fully funded at the closing of the Credit Agreements and the Company is required to make consecutive quarterly principal payments
under the First Lien Credit Agreement commencing on December 31, 2017. The First Lien Credit Agreement includes covenants requiring
the Company to maintain certain financial ratios. The Company used the proceeds of the term loan to (i) fund a portion of
the consideration for the Merger, (ii) refinance prior debt, and (iii) pay fees, premiums, expenses and other transaction
costs. The Company may use proceeds of loans under the revolving credit facility for working capital and other general corporate
purposes. 

 Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.

 On August 31, 2017, in connection with the closing of the Merger,
the Company terminated its Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the " Credit Agreement "), dated
as of July 7, 2016, by and among the Company, the financial institutions from time to time party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC,
as the Administrative Agent. The Company did not incur any early termination penalties in connection with the termination of the
Credit Agreement. 

 Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of
Assets. 

 On August 31, 2017, the Company, Parent, and Merger Sub consummated
the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the Certificate of Merger filed with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware, the Merger was effective on August 31, 2017 (the " Effective Time "). At the
Effective Time, each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the " Company Common Stock ")
issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares owned by the Acquiring Parties or the Company
and shares held by stockholders who have perfected their statutory rights of appraisal under Section 262 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law) was cancelled and automatically converted into the right to receive cash in an amount equal to $21.75, without
interest and less any applicable withholding taxes (the " Merger Consideration "). The Merger Agreement
further provided that at the Effective Time: 

 Each Company stock option,
whether or not vested and exercisable, that was outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was automatically converted
into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (x) the excess of the Merger Consideration over the per
share exercise price of such Company stock option and (y) the aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock that were
issuable upon exercise or settlement of such Company stock option immediately prior to the Effective Time. 

 Each outstanding share of Company restricted stock became
fully vested and the restrictions with respect thereto lapsed and each such share was converted into the right to receive the
Merger Consideration and treated in the same manner as the other shares of Company Common Stock. 

 Each outstanding Company time-based and performance-based
restricted stock unit was cancelled in exchange for the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (X) the
Merger Consideration and (Y) the aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company restricted stock
unit award (with such performance-based restricted stock unit deemed fully earned at the greater of 100% of the specified target
award level and the percentage of the target award level that would be earned based on the achievement of the applicable performance
metric as of the Effective Time), except that, in connection with the Merger, William S. Marth, the Company's President
and Chief Executive Officer, elected to forfeit, for no consideration, a portion of his Company performance-based restricted stock
unit awards that would have otherwise entitled him to the right to receive an amount in cash in respect of such performance-based
restricted stock units. 

 Each outstanding Company
phantom stock award was converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (A) the Merger Consideration
and (B) the aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such phantom stock award. 

 The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the " SEC ") on June 6, 2017 and
is incorporated herein by reference. 

 Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy
a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. 

 As contemplated by the Merger Agreement, on August 31, 2017,
the Company notified the NASDAQ Global Market (" NASDAQ ") of the Company's intent to remove Company
Common Stock from listing on the NASDAQ and requested that the NASDAQ file with the SEC an application on Form 25 to report that
the shares of Company Common Stock are no longer listed on the NASDAQ. The Company intends to file with the SEC a Form 15 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the " Exchange Act "), requesting the deregistration of the Company
Common Stock and the suspension of the Company's reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Trading
of the Company Common Stock on the NASDAQ was suspended as of the opening of trading on August 31, 2017. 

 Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security
Holders. 

 The information provided in response to Item 2.01 of this
Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

 Item 5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant. 

 The information provided in response to Item 2.01 of this
Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, Parent paid
$21.75 per share of Company Common Stock in cash, without interest thereon. In addition, Parent paid the Merger Consideration in
respect of certain equity awards of the Company outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. The source of funds for the
cash consideration was equity financing provided by investment funds affiliated with Carlyle and GTCR and debt financing arranged
by Barclays Bank PLC, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Royal Bank of Canada, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Jefferies Finance LLC
and Mizuho Bank Ltd. Upon the Effective Time, the Merger constituted a change of control of the Company, resulting in the Company
becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent. 

 Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers;
Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Agreements of Certain Officers. 

 Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the members of
the board of directors of the Company resigned as directors of Company, effective as of immediately prior to the Effective Time.
The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time continued as the board of directors of the Company following
the Effective Time. 

 The officers of the Company immediately prior to the Effective
Time continued as officers of the Company immediately following the Effective Time. 

 Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or
Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

 At the Effective Time and pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Company were amended and restated to be in the form of the certificate of incorporation
and bylaws of Merger Sub. The amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws are attached hereto
as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference. 

 Item 8.01 Other Events. 

 On August 31, 2017, the Company issued a press release announcing
the completion of the Merger. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

 (d) Exhibits. 

 Exhibit 
 Number 

 Document 

 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 5, 2017, by and among Albany Molecular Research, Inc., UIC Parent Corporation and UIC Merger Sub, Inc.* 

 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Albany Molecular Research, Inc., dated August 31, 2017. 

 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Albany Molecular Research, Inc., dated August 31, 2017. 

 99.1 
 
 Press Release of Albany Molecular Research, Inc., dated August 31, 2017. 

 * 
 Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Albany Molecular Research, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 6, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

 Date: August 31, 2017 

 ALBANY MOLECULAR RESEARCH, INC. 

 By: 

 /s/ William S. Marth 

 William S. Marth 

 President and Chief Executive Officer 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 

 Exhibit 
 Number 

 Document 

 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 5, 2017, by and among Albany Molecular Research, Inc., UIC Parent Corporation and UIC Merger Sub, Inc.* 

 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Albany Molecular Research, Inc., dated August 31, 2017. 

 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Albany Molecular Research, Inc., dated August 31, 2017. 

 99.1 
 
 Press Release of Albany Molecular Research, Inc., dated August 31, 2017. 

 * 
 Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Albany Molecular Research, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 6, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

