 
 8-K
 1
 tv504575_8k.htm
 FORM 8-K

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 8-K 

 CURRENT REPORT 

 Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
 October 18, 2018 

 Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

 DELAWARE 
 
 001-38019 
 
 20-4278595 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation) 
 
 (Commission File Number) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification 
 No.) 

 1021 Main Street, Suite 2626 
Houston, Texas 77002 

 (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code) 

 Registrant's telephone number, including
area code (713) 351-3000 

 (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report.) 

 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

 o Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

 o Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

 o Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

 o Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

 Emerging growth company o 

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

 Item 2.01. &#9;Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of
Assets. 

 On October 18, 2018, Energy XXI Gulf
Coast, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("EGC") became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of MLCJR LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company ("Cox"), as a result of the merger of YHIMONE, Inc. ("Merger Sub"), a
Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of CEXXI, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct wholly owned subsidiary of
Cox ("Holdco"), with and into EGC, with EGC as the surviving corporation (the "Merger"). The Merger
was effected pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 18, 2018, by and among EGC, Cox and Merger Sub (as
amended, the "Merger Agreement"). 

 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the
effective time of the Merger (the "Effective Time"), each issued and outstanding share of EGC common stock, par value
$0.01 per share ("Common Stock"), was converted into the right to receive $9.10 cash without interest (the "Merger
Consideration"). 

 In connection with the Merger, each EGC
restricted stock unit ("RSU"), whether or not vested, accelerated (if not already vested), with any performance conditions
deemed achieved at target, and was cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration, multiplied by the
number of shares of Common Stock subject to such RSU. 

 The exercise price for each outstanding
stock option to purchase shares of Common Stock was greater than the Merger Consideration. As a result, in connection with the
Merger, each stock option, regardless of whether vested or unvested, was cancelled for no consideration and the holder has no further
rights with respect to such stock option. 

 In accordance with the warrant agreement
under which the EGC warrants were issued, the warrants no longer represented the right to acquire shares of Common Stock at the
effective time of the Merger. Instead, at that time, each warrant became exercisable for $9.10 in cash, but the warrant holder
would be required to pay the warrant's cash exercise price of $43.66 per share in order to receive $9.10. Therefore,
as provided for in the Merger Agreement, in connection with the Merger, each outstanding warrant was cancelled for no consideration. 

 The foregoing description of the Merger
Agreement and the Merger is only a summary, does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to EGC's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on June 18, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 Item 3.01. &#9;Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy
a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. 

 In connection with the completion
of the Merger, EGC notified the NASDAQ Global Select Market ("NASDAQ") on October 18, 2018
that trading in Common Stock should be suspended and the listing of Common Stock on the NASDAQ should be removed. The trading
of Common Stock on the NASDAQ will be suspended after market close on October 18, 2018. 

 Item 3.03. &#9;Material Modifications to Rights of Security
Holders. 

 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
each outstanding share of Common Stock was converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration. As of the Effective Time,
holders of Common Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time ceased to have any rights as stockholders of EGC (other than the
right to receive the Merger Consideration or as otherwise provided by the Merger Agreement or by law). 

 The information set forth in Items 2.01, 3.01 and 5.01 is incorporated
herein by reference. 

 Item 5.01. &#9;Changes in Control. 

 A change of control of EGC
occurred on October 18, 2018, upon the filing of the certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware,
at which time Merger Sub merged with and into EGC. As a result of the Merger, immediately after the Effective Time, HoldCo became
the holder of all of the issued and outstanding shares of EGC's capital stock. 

 The information set forth in Items 2.01 and 3.03
above is incorporated herein by reference. 

 Item 5.02. &#9;Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

 In connection with the
Merger, effective as of the Effective Time, Douglas E. Brooks, President, Chief Executive Officer and director of EGC; T.J.
Thom Cepak, Chief Financial Officer of EGC; Scott M. Heck, Chief Operating Officer of EGC; Marguerite Woung-Chapman, Senior
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of EGC; and each of EGC's other directors voluntarily resigned. Each such
director and executive officer resigned in connection with the Merger and not because of any disagreement with EGC. Pursuant
to the terms of the Merger Agreement, from and after the Effective Time, the directors and officers of Merger Sub became the
directors and officers of EGC. 

 Item 5.03. &#9;Amendment to Certificate of Formation or LLC
Agreement; Change in Fiscal Year. 

 In accordance with the provisions
of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, the EGC Certificate of Incorporation was amended and restated as set forth in Exhibit
3.1, and as so amended and restated became the certificate of incorporation of EGC as the surviving corporation (the "Surviving
Corporation Certificate of Incorporation"). The EGC Bylaws were amended and restated as set forth in Exhibit 3.2 and, as
so amended and restated, became the bylaws of EGC as the surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation Bylaws"). 

 The foregoing disclosures are
only a summary, do not purport to be complete, and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Surviving Corporation Certificate
of Incorporation and the Surviving Corporation Bylaws, which are attached hereto as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, and are
incorporated herein by reference. 

 Item
9.01. &#9;Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

 Exhibit
No. 

 Description 

 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc., as the surviving corporation 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc., as the surviving corporation 

 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized. 

 Date: October 18, 2018 
 By: 
 /s/ Glen Priestley 

 Glen Priestley 

 Vice President, Treasury 

