 
 DEFM14A
 1
 defm14a.htm

 UNITED
STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 SCHEDULE
14A 
 (Rule 14a-101) 

 INFORMATION
REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT 
 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION 

 Proxy
Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the 
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 Filed
 by the Registrant [X] 
 Filed
 by a Party other than the Registrant [ ] 

 Check
the appropriate box: 

 [ ] 
 Preliminary
 Proxy Statement 
 
 [ ] 
 Confidential,
 for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) 
 
 [X] 
 Definitive
 Proxy Statement 
 
 [ ] 
 Definitive
 Additional Materials 
 
 [ ] 
 Soliciting
 Material Under Rule 14a-12 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. 
 (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

 (Name
of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) 

 Payment
of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): 

 [ ] 
 No
 fee required. 

 [ ] 
 Fee
 computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. 

 (1) 
 Title
 of each class of securities to which transaction applies: Ordinary shares 

 (2) 
 Aggregate
number of securities to which transaction applies: 

 (3) 
 Per
 unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act
 Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it
 was determined): Not applicable. 

 (4) 
 Proposed
maximum aggregate value of transaction: 

 (5) 
 Total
fee paid: 

 [X] 
 Fee
 paid previously with preliminary materials. 

 [ ] 
 Check
 box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting
 fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the form or schedule and the date
 of its filing. 

 (1) 
 Amount
 previously paid: 

 (2) 
 Form,
 Schedule or Registration Statement No.: 

 (3) 
 Filing
 Party: 

 (4) 
 Date
 Filed: 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. 
 777 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 730 
 Houston, Texas 77056 

 Dear
National Energy Services Reunited Corp. Shareholders: 

 You are cordially invited
to attend the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of shareholders of National Energy Services Reunited Corp., which we
refer to as "we," "us," "our," "NESR" or the "Company," on May
18, 2018, at 2:00 p.m., Eastern time, at the offices of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, 1345 Avenue of the Americas,
11 th Floor, New York, New York 10105. This proxy statement is dated May 7, 2018, and is first being mailed to
shareholders of the Company on or about May 8, 2018. 

 At
the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, our shareholders will be asked to consider and vote upon a proposal, which we
refer to as the "Business Combination Proposal," to approve two stock purchase agreements dated November 12, 2017,
namely the Stock Purchase Agreement ("NPS Stock Purchase Agreement") for shares of NPS Holdings Limited ("NPS")
and the Agreement for the Sale and Purchase of Shares in Gulf Energy S.A.O.C. ("GES Stock Purchase Agreement" and,
together with the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, the "Stock Purchase Agreements"), along with related contracts, all
of which collectively provide for: (i) our acquisition of all of the outstanding issued shares and other equity interests in NPS,
and (ii) our acquisition, directly and through our wholly owned subsidiary, National Energy Services Reunited Corporation ("Texas
Sub"), of all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock in Gulf Energy S.A.O.C. ("GES"). Both NPS
and GES shall be referenced hereafter as the "Target Companies." The Target Companies and their consolidated subsidiaries
shall be referenced hereafter as "NPS Group" and "GES Group," respectively, and collectively as the "Target
Group," and these two acquisitions and related transactions collectively shall be referenced hereafter as the "Business
Combination." 

 Pursuant
to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, NESR will acquire 100% of the equity interests of NPS from its Selling Stockholders and Hana
Investments Co. WLL ("Hana Investments"). Hana Investments purchased, in cash, an aggregate of 83,660,878 NPS shares
on January 14, 2018, and has agreed to exchange such NPS shares for NESR ordinary shares in connection with the Business Combination.
As consideration for the acquisition of NPS, we agreed to: (i) issue an aggregate of 25,077,276 of our ordinary shares, which
includes 11,318,827 ordinary shares at a value of $10.00 per share to the NPS Selling Stockholders and 13,340,448 shares to Hana
Investments at a value of $11.244 per share, plus interest of up to $4.7 million payable in cash or ordinary shares to Hana Investments
at the value of $11.244 per share or 418,001 ordinary shares, plus (ii) issue up to an additional 3,343,408 ordinary shares pursuant
to certain equity earn-outs, (iii) pay total cash of $292.8 million, (iv) potentially pay an additional $7,572,444 pursuant to
a cash earn-out and (v) pay additional interest factor fees ("Ticker Fee") that accrue to NPS Selling Stockholders
from January 1, 2018, until the consideration is paid under the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, upon the closing of the Business
Combination. 

 NESR
will acquire GES by acquiring 61% of the GES capital stock from the GES Selling Stockholders directly pursuant to the GES Stock
Purchase Agreement, 11.7% of the GES capital stock pursuant to a Shares Exchange Agreement with our sponsor, NESR Holdings Ltd.
("Sponsor"), which acquired such GES stock through certain loan agreements ("Loan Contracts") with 11
separate investors ("GES Investors"), and 27.3% of the GES stock pursuant to a Contribution Agreement with SV3 Holdings
Pte Ltd, which acquired such GES shares in October 2017 independently of NESR. As consideration for the purchase of the aforementioned
GES capital stock, we agreed to issue to the GES Selling Stockholders an aggregate of 28,234,848 (plus approximately $1.25 million
for interest accrued on loans pending closing) of our ordinary shares at a value of $10.00 per share. 

 In
connection with NESR's initial public offering that closed on May 17, 2017 ("IPO"), the Sponsor agreed to certain
transfer restrictions on the NESR ordinary shares it owns, for a period of one year with the provision to release such restrictions
if the last sale price of NESR's ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period 150 days after our initial
business combination. To show the Sponsor's commitment to the Business Combination, the Sponsor has further agreed in the
NPS Stock Purchase Agreement to more stringent restrictions on its NESR holdings, whereby during the said one year period, 75%
of the Sponsor's shares will only be released if the last sale price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds $15.00 per
share and 100% of the Sponsor's shares will only be released if the last sale price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds
$17.50 per share for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period 150 days after our initial business combination. Additionally,
Sherif Foda, in his capacity as chief executive officer of the Company, shall not participate in the Company's incentive
stock compensation plan for employees during 2018. We believe that these commitments from the Sponsor and Mr. Foda highlight their
confidence in the Target Companies as well as their value creation strategy. 

 2 

 In
connection with the Business Combination, on April 27, 2018 the Company entered into a forward purchase agreement
(the "Forward Purchase Agreement") with MEA Energy Investment Company 2 Ltd. ("Backstop Investor"),
pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell up to $150 million (the "Backstop Commitment") of the Company's
ordinary shares to the Backstop Investor or its designees and commonly controlled affiliates, including co-investment funds controlled
by Backstop Investor or its affiliates. Such Backstop Commitment will consist of (i) a primary placement to occur concurrently
with the closing of the Business Combination, pursuant to which the Company shall sell 7,000,000 ordinary shares at $10.00 per
share for a total drawdown of $70 million; and (ii) at the Company's election, a secondary placement, pursuant to which
the Company will have the option to draw, in one or more installments, up to an additional $80 million by selling up to 7,114,906
ordinary shares at $11.244 per share. If the Company elects to engage in a secondary placement, at least $30 million must be sold
on the first draw and at least $12.5 million must be sold in subsequent draws. All draw notices must be given with 3-10 business
days' advance written notice, with the applicable closing to occur on or within 3 months after the Business Combination.
Such proceeds will (i) offset any capital used for shareholder redemptions; (ii) fund the cash portion of the consideration to
certain shareholders of NPS and transaction expenses in connection with the Business Combination; or (iii) be used for other corporate
purposes, including satisfaction of its minimum cash requirements immediately following the Business Combination. The Company
and the Backstop Investor also agreed to enter into a registration rights agreement to grant the Backstop Investor certain rights
to register the resale of any shares issued in the Backstop Commitment after the Business Combination. 

 It is anticipated that, following the completion of the Business Combination, and assuming there are no additional
redemptions, NESR's existing shareholders, including our Sponsor, public shareholders, National Bank of Canada Financial,
Inc. ("NBCF") and Maxim Group LLC ("Maxim," and together with NBCF, the "Underwriters"), will
retain an ownership interest of approximately 30% of the Company, the Selling Stockholders (including Hana Investments) will own
approximately 55% of the Company, and the Backstop Investor will own approximately 15% of the Company, assuming that the entire
amount of the Backstop Commitment is drawn. These percentages are calculated based on a number of assumptions (as described in
further detail in the accompanying proxy statement) and are subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Stock Purchase
Agreements and related agreements. Copies of the Stock Purchase Agreements, the Contribution Agreement and the Shares Exchange
Agreement are attached to the accompanying proxy statement as Annexes A through D . 

 Accordingly,
our shareholders will be asked to consider and vote upon the following proposals: 

 Proposal
1 - to approve and authorize the Stock Purchase Agreements, the Contribution Agreement, and the Shares Exchange Agreement, and
the acquisitions and related transactions contemplated thereby comprising the Business Combination, which we refer to collectively
as the "Business Combination Proposal": 

 &#9679; 
 the
 NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2017, among Abdulaziz Al-Dolaimi, Al Nowais Investments LLC, Arab Petroleum
 Investments Corporation, Castle SPC Limited, Fahad Abdulla Bindekhayel, OFS Investments Limited, NPS, Hana Investments Co.
 WLL, and NESR, pursuant to which NESR will acquire all of the equity interests in NPS; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 GES Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of November 12, 2017, among Mubadarah Investments LLC, Yasser Said Al Barami, and Hilal
 Al Busaidy and NESR, pursuant to which NESR will acquire 61% of the outstanding shares in GES; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 Contribution Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2017, between NESR and SV3 Holdings
 Pte LTD, pursuant to which NESR will acquire 27.3% of the outstanding shares of GES;
 and 

 &#9679; 
 the
 Shares Exchange Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2017, between NESR and Sponsor, pursuant to which NESR will acquire 11.7%
 of the outstanding shares of GES. 

 3 

 Proposal
2 - to re-elect Antonio J. Campo Mejia and Hala Zeibak as Class I directors to serve on our board of directors until the 2020
annual meeting of shareholders or their earlier death, resignation or removal under the terms of our memorandum and articles of
association (which document shall be herein be referred to, synonymously, as our "Charter") and until their respective
successors are duly elected and qualified, which we refer to as the "Director Election Proposal"; 

 Proposal 3 - to approve, for purposes of complying with applicable NASDAQ listing rules, the issuance of more
than 20% of the Company's issued and outstanding ordinary shares, which NASDAQ may deem to be a change of control, pursuant
to the Business Combination or any private placement in connection with the Backstop Commitment, which we refer to as the "NASDAQ
Proposal"; 

 Proposal
4 - to approve and adopt the NESR 2018 Long Term Incentive Plan, which we refer to as the "Incentive Plan Proposal";
and 

 Proposal
5 - to adjourn the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary, to permit further solicitation
and vote of proxies if, based upon the tabulated vote at the time of the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, there are
not sufficient votes to approve the Business Combination Proposal, the Director Election Proposal, the NASDAQ Proposal and the
Incentive Plan Proposal, which we refer to as the "Adjournment Proposal". 

 Each
of these proposals is more fully described in the accompanying proxy statement, which each shareholder is encouraged to review
carefully. 

 Our
ordinary shares and warrants are currently listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols "NESR" and "NESRW,"
respectively. We intend to apply to continue the listing of our ordinary shares and warrants
on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols "NESR" and "NESRW," respectively,
upon the closing of the Business Combination. 

 Pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association ("Charter"), we are providing our public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem, in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, NESR ordinary shares then held by
them for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit (as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination) in the trust account that holds the proceeds (including interest earned and not previously released
for payment of taxes) of our IPO. For illustrative purposes, based on funds in the trust account of $231,553,535.80 on
April 30, 2018, the estimated per share redemption price would have been approximately $10.10. NESR public shareholders
are not required to affirmatively vote for or against the Business Combination in order to redeem their ordinary shares for cash.
 This means that public shareholders who hold NESR ordinary shares on or before May 16, 2018 (two (2) business days before
the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting) may elect to redeem their shares whether or not they are holders as of the record
date, and whether or not they vote for the Business Combination Proposal . A public shareholder, together with any of his,
her or its affiliates or any other person with whom it is acting in concert or as a "group" (as defined under Section
13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), will be restricted from redeeming in the aggregate his, her or its shares
or, if part of such a group, the group's shares, in excess of 20% of the outstanding public shares issued in the IPO (the
"20% threshold"). Holders of our outstanding public warrants do not have redemption rights with respect to such securities
in connection with the Business Combination. The holders of NESR ordinary shares issued prior to our IPO, which we refer to as
"Founder Shares," as well as the 6 million NESR ordinary shares issued to IPO lead investors, have agreed to waive
their redemption rights with respect to any shares of our capital stock they may hold in connection with the consummation of the
Business Combination. Currently, our Sponsor, certain of its affiliates and our independent directors own approximately 20% of
our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Our Sponsor and other founders have agreed to retain their Founder Shares for all
periods relevant to our shareholder vote on the Business Combination Proposal and to vote any NESR ordinary shares owned by them
in favor of the proposals described in the accompanying proxy statement. If holders of 100% of our ordinary shares are present
in person or represented by proxy at the Meeting, we would need only an additional 8,595,638 ordinary shares, or 37.5% of our
ordinary shares issued and outstanding to public shareholders, to be voted in favor of the proposals described in the accompanying
proxy statement in order to have such transactions approved (assuming no additional ordinary shares are purchased by our Sponsor
or officers or directors on the market or in private transactions). 

 We
are providing this proxy statement, accompanying proxy card and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2017 to our shareholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies to be voted at the special meeting in lieu of an annual
meeting and at any adjournments or postponements of the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. Beginning on page 17,
we provide answers to frequently asked questions about the meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting in
lieu of an annual meeting, we urge you to read this proxy statement and our Annual Report on Form 10-K carefully. Please pay particular
attention to the section entitled "Risk Factors" commencing on page 38. 

 4 

 After
careful consideration, our Board of Directors has approved and adopted both Stock Purchase Agreements and related contracts and
recommends that our shareholders vote FOR adoption and approval of the Business Combination Proposal, FOR approval of each of
the Director Election Proposal, the NASDAQ Proposal, the Incentive Plan Proposal and Adjournment Proposal, and FOR all other proposals
presented to our shareholders in the accompanying proxy statement. When you consider the board recommendation of these proposals,
you should keep in mind that our directors and officers have interests in the Business Combination that may conflict with your
interests as a shareholder. See "The Business Combination Proposal -- Certain Benefits of NESR's Directors and
Officers and Others in the Business Combination." 

 Approval
of the Business Combination Proposal, Director Election Proposal, the NASDAQ Proposal, the Incentive Plan Proposal and
the Adjournment Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by shareholders present in person or represented
by proxy at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. The boards of directors of NESR, NPS and GES have already approved
the respective Stock Purchase Agreements and related contracts and transactions. 

 Each
redemption of NESR ordinary shares by our public shareholders will decrease the amount in our trust account, which held $231,553,535.80
as of April 30, 2018. 

 Your
vote is very important. If you are a registered shareholder, please vote your shares as soon as possible by completing, signing,
dating and returning the enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided. If you hold your shares in "street name"
through a bank, broker or other nominee, you will need to follow the instructions provided to you by your bank, broker or other
nominee to ensure that your shares are represented and voted at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. A failure to
vote your shares will have no effect on the proposals to be considered at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of
shareholders. The transactions contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreements and related contracts will be consummated only if
the Business Combination Proposal is approved at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. In addition, the NASDAQ Proposal
and the Incentive Plan Proposal are conditioned on the approval of the Business Combination Proposal. 

 If
you sign, date and return your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be voted FOR each of the proposals
described in the accompanying proxy statement. If you fail to return your proxy card or fail to instruct your bank, broker or
other nominee how to vote, and do not attend the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting in person, the effect will be that
your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting in lieu of an annual
meeting, but if a quorum is present, it will have no effect on the proposals. If you are a shareholder of record and you attend
the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting and wish to vote in person, you may withdraw your proxy and vote in person. 

 TO
EXERCISE YOUR REDEMPTION RIGHTS, YOU MUST DEMAND THAT NESR REDEEM YOUR SHARES FOR A PRO RATA PORTION OF THE FUNDS HELD IN THE
TRUST ACCOUNT AND TENDER YOUR SHARES TO NESR'S TRANSFER AGENT AT LEAST TWO BUSINESS DAYS PRIOR TO THE VOTE AT SUCH MEETING.
YOU MAY TENDER YOUR SHARES BY EITHER DELIVERING YOUR SHARE CERTIFICATE TO THE TRANSFER AGENT OR BY DELIVERING YOUR SHARES ELECTRONICALLY
USING THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY'S DWAC (DEPOSIT WITHDRAWAL AT CUSTODIAN) SYSTEM. IF THE BUSINESS COMBINATION IS NOT COMPLETED,
THEN THESE SHARES WILL NOT BE REDEEMED FOR CASH AND ANY SHARE CERTIFICATES DELIVERED BY YOU TO THE TRANSFER AGENT WILL BE RETURNED
TO YOU. IF YOU HOLD THE SHARES IN STREET NAME, YOU WILL NEED TO INSTRUCT THE ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE AT YOUR BANK OR BROKER TO WITHDRAW
THE SHARES FROM YOUR ACCOUNT IN ORDER TO EXERCISE YOUR REDEMPTION RIGHTS. 

 5 

 On
behalf of our Board of Directors, I thank you for your support and look forward to the successful completion of the Business Combination. 

 May
 7, 2018 

 Sincerely, 

 /s/
 Sherif Foda 

 Sherif
 Foda 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

 This proxy statement is
dated May 7, 2018, and is first being mailed to shareholders of the Company on or about May 8, 2018. 

 NEITHER
THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES REGULATORY AGENCY HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE TRANSACTIONS
DESCRIBED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT, PASSED UPON THE MERITS OR FAIRNESS OF THE BUSINESS COMBINATION OR RELATED TRANSACTIONS OR PASSED
UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THE DISCLOSURE IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY CONSTITUTES A CRIMINAL
OFFENSE. 

 6 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. 
 777 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 730 
 Houston, Texas 77056 

 NOTICE
OF SPECIAL MEETING IN LIEU OF AN ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 

 OF
NATIONAL ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. 

 To Be Held on May 18, 2018 

 Dear
National Energy Services Reunited Corp. Shareholders: 

 NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN
that a special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of shareholders of National Energy Services Reunited Corp., which we refer
to as "we," "us," "our," "NESR" or the "Company," will be held on
May 18, 2018, at 2:00 p.m., Eastern time, at the offices of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, 1345 Avenue of the
Americas, 11 th Floor, New York, New York 10105. You are cordially invited to attend the special meeting in lieu of
an annual meeting for the following purposes: 

 Proposal
1 - to approve and authorize the following: the Stock Purchase Agreements, the Contribution Agreement and the Shares Exchange
Agreement and the acquisitions and related transactions contemplated thereby (the "Business Combination"), which we
refer to collectively as the "Business Combination Proposal": 

 &#9679; 
 the
 NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2017, among Abdulaziz Al-Dolaimi,
 Al Nowais Investments LLC, Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation, Castle SPC Limited,
 Fahad Abdulla Bindekhayel, OFS Investments Limited (collectively, the "NPS Selling
 Stockholders"), NPS, Hana Investments Co. WLL, and NESR, pursuant to which NESR
 will acquire all of the equity interests in NPS; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 GES Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of November 12, 2017, among Mubadarah Investments LLC, Yasser Said Al Barami, and Hilal
 Al Busaidy (collectively, the "GES Selling Stockholders") and NESR, pursuant to which NESR will acquire 61% of
 the outstanding capital stock of GES (together with the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, the "Stock Purchase Agreements"); 

 &#9679; 
 the
 Contribution Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2017, between NESR and SV3 Holdings Pte LTD, pursuant to which NESR will
 acquire 27.3% of the outstanding capital stock of GES; and 

 &#9679; 
 the
 Shares Exchange Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2017, between NESR and NESR Holdings
 Ltd. ("Sponsor"), pursuant to which NESR will acquire 11.7% of the outstanding
 capital stock of GES. 

 7 

 Pursuant
to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, NESR will effect the acquisition of 100% of the equity interests of NPS from its Selling
Stockholders and Hana Investments Co. WLL ("Hana Investments"). Hana Investments purchased for cash, an aggregate
of 83,660,878 NPS shares on January 14, 2018 and has agreed to exchange such NPS shares for NESR ordinary shares in connection
with the Business Combination. As consideration for the acquisition of NPS, we agreed to: (i) issue an aggregate of 25,077,276
of our ordinary shares, which includes 11,318,827 ordinary shares at a value of $10.00 per share to the NPS Selling Stockholders
and 13,340,448 ordinary shares to Hana Investments at a value of $11.244 per share, and interest of up to $4.7 million payable
in cash or shares to Hana Investments at the value of $11.244 per share or 418,001 ordinary shares which is included in the total
of 25,077,276 shares, plus (ii) issue up to an additional 3,343,408 ordinary shares pursuant to certain equity earnouts, and (iii)
pay total cash of $292.8 million, and (iv) potentially pay an additional $7,572,444 pursuant to a cash earnout and (v) pay additional
interest factor fees that accrue to the NPS Selling Stockholders from January 1, 2018, until the consideration is paid under the
NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, upon the closing of the Business Combination. 

 NESR
will effect the acquisition of GES by acquiring 61% of the GES capital stock from the GES Selling Stockholders directly pursuant
to the GES Stock Purchase Agreement, 11.7% of the GES capital stock pursuant to a Shares Exchange Agreement with our Sponsor,
NESR Holdings Ltd., which acquired such GES stock through certain loan agreements ("Loan Contracts") with 11 separate
investors ("GES Investors"), and 27.3% of the GES stock pursuant to a Contribution Agreement with SV3 Holdings Pte
Ltd, which acquired such GES shares in October 2017 independently of NESR. As consideration for the purchase of the GES capital
stock, we agreed to issue to the GES Selling Stockholders an aggregate of 28,234,848 of our ordinary shares at a value of $10.00
per share (plus an estimated $1.25 million interest accrued on loans). 

 Proposal
2 - to re-elect Antonio J. Campo Mejia and Hala Zeibak as Class I directors to serve on our board of directors until the 2020
annual meeting of shareholders or their earlier death, resignation or removal under the terms of our memorandum and articles of
association (which document shall be herein be referred to, synonymously, as our "Charter") and until their respective
successors are duly elected and qualified, which we refer to as the "Director Election Proposal"; 

 Proposal 3 - to approve, for purposes of complying with applicable NASDAQ listing rules, the issuance of more
than 20% of the Company's issued and outstanding ordinary shares, which NASDAQ may deem to be a change of control, pursuant
to the Business Combination or any private placement in connection with the Backstop Commitment, which we refer to as the "NASDAQ
Proposal"; 

 Proposal
4 - to approve and adopt the NESR 2018 Long Term Incentive Plan, which we refer to as the "Incentive Plan Proposal";
and 

 Proposal
5 - to adjourn the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary, to permit further solicitation
and vote of proxies if, based upon the tabulated vote at the time of the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, there are
not sufficient votes to approve the Business Combination Proposal, the Director Election Proposal, the NASDAQ Proposal and the
Incentive Plan Proposal, which we refer to as the "Adjournment Proposal". 

 Each
of these proposals is more fully described in the accompanying proxy statement, which each shareholder is encouraged to review
carefully. 

 Only
holders of record of our ordinary shares at the close of business on April 27, 2018 (the "record date") are
entitled to notice of the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting and to vote at the special meeting in lieu of an annual
meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. A complete list of our shareholders
of record entitled to vote at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting will be available for ten days before the special
meeting in lieu of an annual meeting at our principal executive offices for inspection by shareholders during ordinary business
hours for any purpose germane to the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. 

 Pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association ("Charter"), we are providing our public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem, in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, NESR ordinary shares then held by
them for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit (as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination) in the trust account that holds the proceeds (including interest earned and not previously released
for payment of taxes) of our initial public offering that closed on May 17, 2017 (the "IPO"). For illustrative purposes,
based on funds in the trust account of $231,553,535.80 on April 30, 2018, the estimated per share redemption price
would have been approximately $10.10. NESR public shareholders are not required
to affirmatively vote for or against the Business Combination in order to redeem their ordinary shares for cash. This means that
public shareholders who hold NESR ordinary shares on or before May 16, 2018 (two (2) business days before the special
meeting in lieu of an annual meeting) will be eligible to elect to have their shares redeemed for cash in connection with
the meeting, whether or not they are holders as of the record date, and whether or not such shares are voted at the meeting. 
A public shareholder, together with any of his, her or its affiliates or any other person with whom it is acting in concert or
as a "group" (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), will be restricted
from redeeming in the aggregate his, her or its shares or, if part of such a group, the group's shares, in excess of 20%
of the outstanding public shares issued in the IPO (the "20% threshold"). Holders of our outstanding public warrants
do not have redemption rights with respect to such securities in connection with the Business Combination. The holders of NESR
ordinary shares issued prior to our IPO, which we refer to as "Founder Shares," have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to any shares of our capital stock they may hold in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination,
and these shares will be excluded from the pro rata calculation used to determine the per-share redemption price. Currently, Sponsor,
certain of its affiliates and our independent directors, together with the underwriter of our IPO, own approximately 20% of our
issued and outstanding ordinary shares, including Founder Shares. 

 8 

 Each
redemption of NESR ordinary shares by our public shareholders will decrease the amount in our trust account, which held $231,553,535.80
as of April 30, 2018. 

 In
connection with the Business Combination, on April 27, 2018 the Company entered into a forward purchase agreement (the "Forward
Purchase Agreement") with MEA Energy Investment Company 2 Ltd. ("Backstop Investor"), pursuant to which the
Company agreed to sell up to $150 million (the "Backstop Commitment") of the Company's ordinary shares to the
Backstop Investor or its designees and commonly controlled affiliates, including co-investment funds controlled by Backstop Investor
or its affiliates. Such Backstop Commitment will consist of (i) a primary placement to occur concurrently with the closing of
the Business Combination, pursuant to which the Company shall sell 7,000,000 ordinary shares at $10.00 per share for a total drawdown
of $70 million; and (ii) at the Company's election, a secondary placement, pursuant to which the Company will have the option
to draw, in one or more installments, up to an additional $80 million by selling up to 7,114,906 ordinary shares at $11.244 per
share. If the Company elects to engage in a secondary placement, at least $30 million must be sold on the first draw and at least
$12.5 million must be sold in subsequent draws. All draw notices must be given with 3-10 business days' advance written
notice, with the applicable closing to occur on or within 3 months after the Business Combination. Such proceeds will (i) offset
any capital used for shareholder redemptions; (ii) fund the cash portion of the consideration to certain shareholders of NPS and
transaction expenses in connection with the Business Combination; or (iii) be used for other corporate purposes, including satisfaction
of its minimum cash requirements immediately following the Business Combination. The Company and the Backstop Investor also agreed
to enter into a registration rights agreement to grant the Backstop Investor certain rights to register the resale of any shares
issued in the Backstop Commitment after the Business Combination. 

 It is anticipated that, following completion of the Business Combination and if there are no additional redemptions,
NESR's existing shareholders, including our Sponsor, public shareholders, National Bank of Canada Financial, Inc. ("NBCF")
and Maxim Group LLC ("Maxim," and together with NBCF, the "Underwriters"), will retain an ownership interest
of approximately 30% of the Company, Selling Stockholders (including Hana Investments) will own approximately 55% of the Company,
and the Backstop Investor will own approximately 15% of the Company, assuming that the entire amount of the Backstop Commitment
is drawn. These percentages are calculated based on a number of assumptions (as described in further detail in the accompanying
proxy statement) and are subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreements and the related agreements.
Copies of the Stock Purchase Agreements, the Contribution Agreement and the Shares Exchange Agreement are attached to the accompanying
proxy statement as Annexes A through D . The transactions contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreements and related contracts
will be consummated only if the Business Combination Proposal is approved at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting.
In addition, the NASDAQ Proposal and the Incentive Plan Proposal are conditioned on the approval of the Business Combination Proposal. 

 Your
attention is directed to the proxy statement accompanying this notice (including the annexes thereto) for a more complete description
of the proposed Business Combination and related transactions and each of our proposals. We encourage you to carefully
read this proxy statement and the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. If you have any
questions or need assistance voting your shares, please call our proxy solicitor, Morrow Sodali LLC, at (800) 662-5200 (toll-free),
or banks and brokers can call collect at (203) 658-9400. 

 By
Order of the Board of Directors, 

 May
 7, 2018 

 Sincerely, 

 /s/
 Sherif Foda 

 Sherif
 Foda 

 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

 9 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

 SUMMARY
 TERM SHEET 
 11 
 
 FREQUENTLY
 USED TERMS 
 15 
 
 QUESTIONS
 AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE PROPOSALS FOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 17 
 
 SUMMARY
 OF THE PROXY STATEMENT 
 26 
 
 SELECTED
 HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF NESR 
 33 
 
 SELECTED
 HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF NPS 
 34 
 
 SELECTED
 HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF GES 
 35 
 
 SELECTED
 UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 36 
 
 NON-GAAP
 FINANCIAL MEASURE 
 37 
 
 CAUTIONARY
 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 37 
 
 RISK
 FACTORS 
 38 
 
 UNAUDITED
 PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 68 
 
 COMPARATIVE
 PER SHARE INFORMATION 
 87 
 
 SPECIAL
 MEETING IN LIEU OF AN ANNUAL MEETING OF NESR SHAREHOLDERS 
 88 
 
 THE
 BUSINESS COMBINATION PROPOSAL 
 94 

 THE
 DIRECTOR ELECTION PROPOSAL 
 142 
 
 INCENTIVE
 PLAN PROPOSAL 
 147 
 
 THE
 ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL 
 155 
 
 INFORMATION
 ABOUT NESR 
 156 
 
 MANAGEMENT 
 159 
 
 NESR
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 167 
 
 INFORMATION
 ABOUT NPS GROUP 
 172 
 
 COMPENSATION
 OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF NPS 
 186 
 
 NPS
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 191 
 
 INFORMATION
 ABOUT GES GROUP 
 206 
 
 COMPENSATION
 OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF GES 

 221 
 
 GES
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 225 
 
 MANAGEMENT
 AFTER THE BUSINESS COMBINATION 
 236 
 
 DESCRIPTION
 OF SECURITIES 
 243 
 
 BENEFICIAL
 OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES 
 249 
 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 251 
 
 PRICE
 RANGE OF SECURITIES AND DIVIDENDS 
 254 
 
 INDEPENDENT
 REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMS 
 257 
 
 APPRAISAL
 RIGHTS 
 257 
 
 DELIVERY
 OF DOCUMENTS TO SHAREHOLDERS 
 257 
 
 TRANSFER
 AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
 257 
 
 SUBMISSION
 OF SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS 
 257 
 
 FUTURE
 SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS 
 257 
 
 WHERE
 YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 
 258 
 
 INDEX
 TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-1 

 ANNEXES 

 Annex
 A -- NPS Stock Purchase Agreement 

 Annex
 B -- GES Stock Purchase Agreement 

 Annex
 C -- Contribution Agreement 

 Annex
 D -- Shares Exchange Agreement 

 Annex
 E -- Opinion of J.P. Morgan 

 Annex
 F -- National Energy Services Reunited Corp. 2018 Long Term Incentive Plan 

 10 

 SUMMARY
TERM SHEET 

 This
Summary Term Sheet, together with the sections entitled "Questions and Answers About the Proposals for Shareholders"
and "Summary of the Proxy Statement," summarize certain information contained in this proxy statement, but do not
contain all of the information that is important to you. You should read carefully this entire proxy statement, including the
attached annexes, for a more complete understanding of the matters to be considered at the special meeting in lieu of an annual
meeting. You should also read carefully the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. In
addition, for definitions of terms commonly used throughout this proxy statement, including this Summary Term Sheet, see the section
entitled "Frequently Used Terms." 

 &#9679; 
 National
 Energy Services Reunited Corp. is a blank check company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands for the purpose of acquiring,
 engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation with, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets
 of, entering into contractual arrangements, or engaging in any other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses
 or entities. Although NESR is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business
 Combination, it intends to focus on businesses that operate in the energy services industry, with an emphasis on oil and gas
 services globally. 

 &#9679; 
 There
 currently are 28,652,125 NESR ordinary shares issued and outstanding, consisting of 22,921,700 shares originally sold as part
 of units in NESR's IPO (including units sold in connection with the underwriters' exercise of their overallotment
 option), and (ii) 5,730,425 Founder Shares that were held by our Sponsor prior to NESR's IPO. 

 &#9679; 
 In
 addition, there currently are 35,540,380 warrants of NESR outstanding, consisting of: (i) 22,921,700 public warrants originally
 sold as part of units in NESR's IPO and (ii) 12,618,680 private warrants sold to our Sponsor in a private placement
 consummated simultaneously with the consummation of NESR's IPO. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase
 one-half of one NESR ordinary shares at a price of $5.75 per half share ($11.50 per whole share), subject to adjustment. Warrants
 may be exercised only for a whole number of NESR's ordinary shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise
 of the warrants. The public warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days following completion of NESR's
 initial Business Combination and twelve months from the closing of the IPO, and expire at 5:00 p.m., New York time, five years
 after the completion of NESR's initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Once the warrants
 become exercisable, NESR may redeem the outstanding warrants at a price of $0.01 per warrant, provided that the last sale
 price of NESR's ordinary shares equals or exceeds $21 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period
 ending on the third trading day before NESR sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders and certain other conditions
 are met. The private warrants, however, are non-redeemable so long as they are held by our Sponsor or their permitted transferees.
 For more information about NESR and its securities, see the sections entitled "Information About NESR," "NESR
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Description
 of Securities." 

 &#9679; 
 Pursuant
 to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, the total consideration to be paid by NESR will
 be $292.8 million in cash plus 25,077,276 ordinary shares of NESR. Such consideration
 shall be paid as follows: 

 &#9679; 
 $292.8
 million shall be paid in cash by NESR at the closing of the Business Combination to the
 NPS Selling Stockholders. 

 &#9679; 
 Of
 the 25,077,276 ordinary shares to be issued at closing, 11,318,827 NESR shares will be
 exchanged at $10.00 a share with the NPS Selling Stockholders and 13,340,448 NESR shares
 will be exchanged at $11.244 per share for the 83,660,878 NPS shares that Hana Investments
 has previously acquired from the NPS Selling Stockholders. Additionally, in connection
 with Hana Investments' $150 million purchase of NPS Shares, as described in further
 detail below, NESR has agreed to pay Hana Investments interest on its investment of $150
 million investment, up to a maximum of $4.7 million payable in cash or NESR ordinary
 shares at $11.244 per share (up to 418,001 ordinary shares). The total of 25,077,276
 shares includes the maximum interest to be paid to Hana Investments of 418,001 shares,
 if NESR elects to pay Hana Investments in shares in lieu of cash. 

 11 

 NESR
may be required to pay the following additional consideration to the NPS Selling Stockholders: (i) a possible $7,572,444 cash
bonus upon extension of a major customer contract, (ii) up to 3,343,408 NESR shares in post-closing equity earn-outs, and (iii)
a Ticker Fee that accrues to the NPS Selling Stockholders from January 1, 2018, until the consideration is paid under the NPS
Stock Purchase Agreement, upon the closing of the Business Combination. 

 &#9679; 
 The
 NPS Selling Stockholders mutually agreed in the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement on the proportion of cash to be received by each
 shareholder and on the allocation of NESR shares to be received among the NPS Selling Stockholders who would remain shareholders
 in NESR through the Closing Date. 

 &#9679; 
 On
 January 14, 2018, pursuant to a requirement of the NPS Selling Stockholders as a condition
 of entering into the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, Hana Investments paid $150 million
 in cash in advance of the proposed Business Combination by purchasing 83,660,878 shares
 of NPS from NPS Selling Stockholders. The $150 million payment prevented the accrual
 of a "Ticker Fee" (identified as the Olayan Daily Amount in the NPS Stock
 Purchase Agreement) that otherwise would have been payable by NESR to the NPS Selling
 Stockholders beginning January 1, 2018 until the closing of the Business Combination.
 As consideration for making this payment, NESR agreed to pay Hana Investments an interest
 factor calculated on this amount payable in NESR ordinary shares or in cash not to exceed
 $4.7 million. 

 &#9679; 
 In
 connection with the acquisition of NPS, NESR agreed to enter into a Relationship Agreement
 at the closing of the Business Combination with each of two NPS Selling Stockholders,
 Al Nowais Investments LLC ("ANI") and WAHA Finance Company ("WAHA").
 Pursuant to such Relationship Agreements, the Company agreed, that for each of ANI and
 WAHA and until such time as each of ANI, WAHA or their respective affiliates no longer
 hold at least 50% of the number of NESR ordinary shares that they acquire pursuant to
 the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, to (i) nominate to the Company's Board of Directors
 (the "Board") one person and (ii) permit one additional representative to
 observe the meetings of the Board in a non-voting capacity. 

 For
 more information about the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, the Relationship Agreements, the specific consideration to be paid
 and the Business Combination generally, see pages 94 through 100 of the section entitled "The Business Combination Proposal." 

 &#9679; 
 As
 contemplated by the GES Stock Purchase Agreement, the Contribution Agreement and the
 Shares Exchange Agreement, NESR will effect an acquisition of GES by acquiring: (i) 61%
 of GES stock from GES Selling Stockholders pursuant to the GES Stock Purchase Agreement,
 (ii) 11.7% of GES stock pursuant to a Shares Exchange Agreement with our Sponsor, which
 acquired such GES stock through certain Loan Contracts with 11 GES Investors, and (iii)
 27.3% of GES stock pursuant to a Contribution Agreement with SV3 Holdings Pte Ltd ("SV3"),
 which acquired such GES shares in October 2017 independently of NESR. As consideration
 for the purchase of the GES shares, we agreed to issue to the GES Selling Stockholders
 an aggregate of 28,234,848 of our ordinary shares at a value of $10.00 per share, plus
 an estimated $1.25 million interest accrued on loans payable in cash to the GES Investors. 

 &#9679; 
 In
 connection with the acquisition of GES, NESR has agreed to enter into a Voting Agreement with SV3 ("SV3 Voting Agreement"),
 pursuant to which the Company has agreed to nominate for election to the Board a nominee of SV3 and to allow at least one
 additional observer to attend Board meetings so long as SV3 and its affiliates maintain a certain percentage of NESR shares
 that SV3 and its affiliates will acquire pursuant to the SV3 Contribution Agreement. In addition, the GES Stock Purchase Agreement
 grants to the GES Selling Stockholders the collective right to nominate two persons to the Board of Directors. 

 For
 more information about the GES Stock Purchase Agreement, the Contribution Agreement, the Shares Exchange Agreement, the specific
 consideration to be paid and the Business Combination generally, see pages 94 through 100 of the section entitled "The
 Business Combination Proposal." 

 &#9679; 
 In
 connection with the Business Combination, on April 27, 2018 the Company entered into
 a forward purchase agreement (the "Forward Purchase Agreement") with MEA
 Energy Investment Company 2 Ltd. ("Backstop Investor"), pursuant to which
 the Company agreed to sell up to $150 million (the "Backstop Commitment")
 of the Company's ordinary shares to the Backstop Investor or its designees and
 commonly controlled affiliates, including co-investment funds controlled by Backstop
 Investor or its affiliates. Such Backstop Commitment will consist of (i) a primary placement
 to occur concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination, pursuant to which
 the Company shall sell 7,000,000 ordinary shares at $10.00 per share for a total drawdown
 of $70 million; and (ii) at the Company's election, a secondary placement, pursuant
 to which the Company will have the option to draw, in one or more installments, up to
 an additional $80 million by selling up to 7,114,906 ordinary shares at $11.244 per share.
 If the Company elects to engage in a secondary placement, at least $30 million must be
 sold on the first draw and at least $12.5 million must be sold in subsequent draws. All
 draw notices must be given with 3-10 business days' advance written notice, with
 the applicable closing to occur on or within 3 months after the Business Combination.
 Such proceeds will (i) offset any capital used for shareholder redemptions; (ii) fund
 the cash portion of the consideration to certain shareholders of NPS and transaction
 expenses in connection with the Business Combination; or (iii) be used for other corporate
 purposes, including satisfaction of its minimum cash requirements immediately following
 the Business Combination. The Company and the Backstop Investor also agreed to enter
 into a registration rights agreement to grant the Backstop Investor certain rights to
 register the resale of any shares issued in the Backstop Commitment after the Business
 Combination. 
 
 The
 Backstop Investor is wholly owned by Waha Capital PJSC ("Waha Capital").
 The Forward Purchase Agreement contains a similar provision as the WAHA Relationship
 Agreement, entitling the Backstop Investor to nominate one person to NESR's board
 of directors for as long as it directly owns at least 7,057,453 ordinary shares and Adnan
 Ghabris is not otherwise nominated to the board; provided, however, that such nominating
 right shall terminate if and when the Backstop Investor fails to deliver the required
 purchase price in any drawdown of a secondary placement. 

 12 

 &#9679; 
 It is anticipated that, following completion of the Business Combination and assuming there are no redemptions,
NESR's public shareholders will retain an ownership interest of 23.8% in NESR and Sponsor will retain an ownership interest
of 6.0% in NESR. These relative percentages assume NESR's receipt of the full $150 million in cash proceeds from the Backstop
Commitment. In addition, if any of NESR's shareholders exercise their redemption rights, the ownership interest in NESR of
NESR's public shareholders will decrease and the ownership interest in NESR of our Sponsor will increase. These ownership
percentages with respect to NESR following the Business Combination do not take into account: (i) the 22,921,700 public warrants
to purchase up to a total of 11,460,850 NESR ordinary shares, (ii) the 12,618,680 private warrants to purchase up to a total of
6,309,340 NESR ordinary shares that will remain outstanding following the Business Combination. If the facts are different than
these assumptions (which they are likely to be), the percentage ownership retained by NESR's existing shareholders in NESR
will be different. For more information, see the section entitled "Summary of the Proxy Statement -- Impact of the Business
Combination on NESR's Public Float, and Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements for further information." 

 &#9679; 
 Our
 management and Board of Directors considered various factors in determining whether to approve the Business Combination and
 the transactions contemplated thereby, including that the value of the Business Combination is equal to at least 80% of the
 balance in the trust account (excluding any taxes payable on interest earned). For more information about our decision-making
 process, see the section entitled "The Business Combination Proposal -- NESR's Board of Directors'
 Reasons for the Approval of the Business Combination." 

 &#9679; 
 Pursuant
 to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the "Charter"),
 in connection with the Business Combination, holders of our public shares may elect to
 have their shares redeemed for cash at the applicable redemption price per share calculated
 in accordance with the Charter. As of April 30, 2018, the pro rata portion of
 the funds available in the trust account for the remaining public shares was approximately
 $10.10 per share. If a holder exercises its redemption right in connection with
 the Business Combination, then such holder will be exchanging its ordinary shares for
 cash and will no longer own shares of the Company and will not participate in any future
 growth of the Company. Such a holder will be entitled to receive cash for its public
 shares whether or not it votes for or against the Business Combination Proposal, so long
 as such holder properly demands redemption and delivers its shares (either physically
 or electronically) to our transfer agent at least two business days prior to the special
 meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. For more information, see the section entitled
 "Special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of NESR Shareholders -- Redemption
 Rights." 

 &#9679; 
 In
 addition to voting on the Business Combination Proposal, at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, the shareholders
 of NESR will be asked to consider and vote upon: 

 &#9679; 
 a
 proposal to elect Antonio J. Campo Mejia and Hala Zeibak to serve as Class I directors
 to serve on our board of directors (the "Board of Directors") until the 2020
 annual meeting of shareholders or their earlier death, resignation or removal under the
 terms of our memorandum and articles of association (which document shall be herein be
 referred to, synonymously, as our "Charter" or our "memorandum and
 articles of association") and until their respective successors are duly elected
 and qualified; 

 &#9679; 
 a
 proposal to approve, for purposes of complying with applicable NASDAQ listing rules, the issuance of more than 20% of the
 Company's issued and outstanding ordinary shares, which NASDAQ may deem to be a change of control, pursuant to the Stock
 Purchase Agreements, the Contribution Agreement and the Shares Exchange Agreement; 

 &#9679; 
 a
 proposal to approve and adopt the NESR 2018 Long Term Incentive Plan; and 

 &#9679; 
 a
 proposal to approve the adjournment of the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting by the chairman thereof to a later
 date, if necessary, to permit further solicitation and vote of proxies if, based upon the tabulated vote at the time of the
 special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, there are not sufficient votes to approve the Business Combination Proposal,
 the Director Election Proposal, the NASDAQ Proposal and the Incentive Plan Proposal. 

 13 

 &#9679; 
 The
 transactions contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreements will be consummated only if
 the Business Combination Proposal is approved at the special meeting in lieu of an annual
 meeting. In addition, the Incentive Plan Proposal is conditioned on the approval of the
 Business Combination Proposal. The Director Election Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal
 are not conditioned on the approval of any other proposal set forth in this proxy statement. 

 &#9679; 
 Upon
 or before the closing of the Business Combination, we anticipate increasing the size
 of our Board of Directors from four (4) to nine (9) directors. All four incumbent directors,
 Sherif Foda, Thomas Wood, Antonio J. Campo Mejia, and Hala Zeibak, have informed us that
 they will remain on the Board of Directors following closing. As the board takes the
 view that the special meeting in lieu of an annual general meeting will constitute an
 annual meeting for the purposes of the director election provisions of the Charter,
 the current terms of the existing Class I directors will come to an end at the meeting.
 However, our Board of Directors has nominated its two (2) existing Class I directors,
 Antonio J. Campo Mejia, and Hala Zeibak, for re-election at the special meeting in lieu
 of an annual meeting. Our Board of Directors intends to fill the vacancies created by
 the increase in board size following closing of the Business Combination with five persons,
 two (2) of whom will be nominated by NPS Selling Stockholders, two (2) of whom will be
 nominated by GES Selling Stockholders, and one (1) of whom will be nominated by SV3.
 If both director nominees are elected and the Business Combination is consummated, our
 Board of Directors will consist of four (4) existing NESR directors, Sherif Foda, Thomas
 Wood, Antonio J. Campo Mejia, and Hala Zeibak, two nominated by NPS Selling Stockholders,
 Salim Al Noaimi and Adnan Ghabris, two nominated by GES Selling Stockholders, Yasser
 Al Barami and Hilal Al Busaidy and one nominated by SV3, Andrew L. Waite. For more
 information, see the sections entitled "Director Election Proposal" and "Management
 After the Business Combination." The appointment of the five additional directors
 will be made by resolution of the Board of Directors at or immediately after the
 closing of the Business Combination. 

 &#9679; 
 Unless
 waived by the parties to the Stock Purchase Agreements and related agreements, the closing of the Business Combination is
 subject to a number of conditions set forth in such agreements, including, among others, receipt of requisite shareholder
 approval contemplated by this proxy statement. For more information, see the section entitled "The Business Combination
 Proposal -- Conditions to Closing of the Business Combination." 

 &#9679; 
 The
 Business Combination involves numerous risks. For more information about these risks, see the section entitled "Risk
 Factors." 

 &#9679; 
 In
 considering the recommendation of NESR's Board of Directors to vote FOR the proposals presented at the special meeting
 in lieu of an annual meeting, you should be aware that our executive officers and members of our Board of Directors have interests
 in the Business Combination that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of our shareholders generally. The members
 of our Board of Directors were aware of these differing interests and considered them, among other matters, in evaluating
 and negotiating the transaction agreements and in recommending to our shareholders that they vote in favor of the proposals
 presented at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. These interests include, among other things: 

 &#9679; 
 the
 fact that our Sponsor and our officers and directors paid an aggregate of approximately $6.3 million for their Founder Shares
 and private warrants and such securities should have a significantly higher value at the time of the Business Combination.
 However, the private warrants will expire worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. As a result, our
 Sponsor (and its members, including our executive officers and directors) have a financial incentive to see the Business Combination
 consummated rather than lose whatever value is gained on the Founder Shares, as well as any value attributable to the private
 warrants; 

 &#9679; 
 In
 connection with our Sponsor's purchase of 11.7% of the GES shares, an affiliate
 of Mr. Thomas Wood invested $500,000 and Mr. Antonio Campo invested $1,200,000 to fund
 a portion of the purchase price for such GES shares pursuant to certain Loan Contracts
 and accordingly, our Sponsor, along with Messrs. Wood and Campo, will not have any public
 market in which to sell their investment in GES if the Closing does not occur, although,
 pursuant to the Loan Contracts, repayment of the investments may be made in cash at the
 election of our Sponsor; 

 &#9679; 
 if
 NESR is unable to complete a Business Combination by May 17, 2019, our Sponsor will liable
 to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced by the claims of target
 businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by NESR for services
 rendered or contracted for or products sold to NESR, but only if such a vendor or target
 business has not executed a waiver of claims against the trust account and except as
 to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter in our IPO. To date, each of NESR's
 vendors has agreed that it will not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
 in or to any monies in our trust account, and will not make any claim against our trust
 account (including any distributions therefrom); and 

 &#9679; 
 the
 continued indemnification of current directors and officers of the Company and the continuation of directors' and officers'
 liability insurance after the Business Combination. 

 14 

 FREQUENTLY
USED TERMS 

 Unless
otherwise stated or unless the context otherwise requires, the terms "we," "us," "our," the
"Company" and "NESR" refer to National Energy Services Reunited Corp., and the terms "combined company"
and "post-combination company" refer to NESR and its subsidiaries following the consummation of the Business Combination. 

 In
this document: 

 "Backstop Investor" means
MEA Energy Investment Company 2 Ltd., a Cayman Islands company, or its designees or affiliates who are providing
the Backstop Commitment. 

 "Backstop Commitment" means one
or more private placements contemplated by that certain Forward Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which the Company
expects to sell up to $150 million of ordinary shares to the Backstop Investor or its designees or affiliates. 

 "Business
Combination" means the acquisitions of all of the capital stock of NPS and GES by NESR pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreements,
Contribution Agreement and Shares Exchange Agreement . 

 "Charter"
means our current memorandum and articles of association as filed with the BVI Registry. 

 "Closing
Date" means the date of closing of the Business Combination. 

 "Companies
Act" and the "Insolvency Act" mean the BVI Business Companies Act, 2004 and the Insolvency Act, 2003 of the
British Virgin Islands, respectively. 

 "Contribution
Agreement" means the Contribution Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2017, between NESR and SV3 Holdings Pte Ltd, pursuant
to which NESR will acquire 27.3% of the outstanding shares of GES. 

 "Exchange
Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

 "Forward
Purchase Agreement" means the Forward Purchase Agreement, dated April 27, 2018, between NESR and the Backstop Investor
for a total amount of up to $150 million comprising the Backstop Commitment. 

 "Founder
Shares" refer to the 5,730,425 NESR ordinary shares currently held by the Sponsor, which were purchased prior to our IPO
and held for and on behalf of certain officers and directors and initial investors. 

 "GES"
means Gulf Energy S.A.O.C. 

 "GES
Founders" means Hilal Al Busaidy and Yasser Said Al Barami. 

 "GES
Investors" means 11 private equity investors that funded Sponsor's acquisition of 11.7% of the outstanding shares
of GES. 

 "GES
Selling Stockholders" means Mubadarah Investments, LLC, Yasser Said Al Barami and Hilal Al Busaidy who are selling 61% of
the outstanding shares of capital stock of GES to NESR. 

 "GES
Stock Purchase Agreement" means the Agreement for the Sale and Purchase of Shares in Gulf Energy S.A.O.C. dated as of November
12, 2017, between the GES Selling Stockholders (Mubadarah Investments LLC, Yasser Said Al Barami, and Hilal Al Busaidy), and NESR,
pursuant to which NESR will acquire 61% of the outstanding shares of GES. 

 "Hana
Investments" a party to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, means Hana Investments Co. WLL, a subsidiary of The Olayan Group. 

 15 

 "IPO"
means the initial public offering of units of NESR, consummated on May 17, 2017 through the sale of 21,000,000 public units (and
1,921,700 units sold pursuant to the underwriters' partial exercise of their over-allotment option) at $10.00 per unit. 

 "IPO
lead investors" means the holders of 6 million NESR public shares who have agreed to waive their redemption rights with
respect to any NESR public shares they hold in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination. 

 "NESR
Founders" means the Sponsor and NESR's officers, directors and initial investors. 

 "NPS"
means NPS Holdings Limited. 

 "NPS
Selling Stockholders" means the shareholders of NPS who entered into the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement in order to sell 100%
of NPS shares to Hana Investments and NESR. 

 "NPS
Stock Purchase Agreement" means the Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2017, among the NPS Selling Stockholders
(Abdulaziz Al-Dolaimi, Al Nowais Investments LLC, Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation, Castle SPC Limited, Fahad Abdulla Bindekhayel
and OFS Investments Limited), NPS, Hana Investments and NESR, pursuant to which NESR will acquire all of the equity interests
in NPS. 

 "ordinary
shares" or "our ordinary shares" means the ordinary shares of no par value in NESR. 

 "public
shares" and "public warrants" refer to the 22,921,700 ordinary shares and the 22,921,700 warrants which were
sold as part of the units in our IPO and references to "public shareholders" and "public warrant holders"
refer to the holders of our public shares and public warrants, including our Sponsor and management team to the extent they purchased
public shares or public warrants, provided that their status as "public shareholders" and "public warrant holders"
shall exist only with respect to such public shares or public warrants. 

 "private
warrants" refer to the 12,618,680 warrants we sold privately to the Sponsor in connection with our IPO. 

 "Securities
Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

 "Selling
Stockholders" means the GES Selling Stockholders and the NPS Selling Stockholders. 

 "Shares
Exchange Agreement" means the Shares Exchange Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2017, between NESR and our Sponsor, pursuant
to which NESR will acquire 11.7% of the outstanding shares of capital stock of GES. 

 "Sponsor"
refers to NESR Holdings Ltd., a British Virgin Island company. 

 "special
meeting in lieu of an annual meeting" means the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of shareholders of NESR that
is the subject of this proxy statement. 

 "Stock
Purchase Agreements" shall reference both the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement and the GES Stock Purchase Agreement. 

 "Waha Capital" means Waha Capital
PJSC. 

 "warrants"
means the private warrants and the public warrants, taken together. 

 16 

 QUESTIONS
AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE PROPOSALS FOR SHAREHOLDERS 

 The
following questions and answers briefly address some commonly asked questions about the proposals to be presented at the special
meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, including with respect to the Business Combination. The following questions and answers
do not include all the information that is important to our shareholders. We urge shareholders to read carefully this entire proxy
statement, including the annexes and the other documents referred to herein. You should also carefully read the accompanying Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

 Q:
Why am I receiving this proxy statement? 

 A:
 Our shareholders are being asked to consider and vote upon, among other things, a proposal to approve and adopt each of the
following agreements and the acquisitions and other transactions contemplated thereby (the "Business Combination"
and such proposal, the "Business Combination Proposal"): 

 &#9679; 
 the
 NPS Stock Purchase Agreement; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 GES Stock Purchase Agreement; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 Contribution Agreement; and 

 &#9679; 
 the
 Shares Exchange Agreement. 

 Copies
of the aforementioned agreements are attached to this proxy statement as Annexes A through F. This proxy statement and its annexes
contain important information about the proposed Business Combination and the other matters to be acted upon at the special meeting
in lieu of an annual meeting. You should read this proxy statement and its annexes carefully and in their entirety. You should
also carefully read the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

 Your
vote is important. You are encouraged to submit your proxy as soon as possible after carefully reviewing this proxy statement
and its annexes. 

 Q:
What is being voted on at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting? 

 A:
 Below are proposals on which our shareholders are being asked to vote. 

 Proposal
1 - to approve and adopt each of the following agreements and the acquisitions and other transactions contemplated thereby (the
"Business Combination"), which we refer to collectively as the "Business Combination Proposal": 

 &#9679; 
 the
 NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2017, among the NPS Selling Stockholders
 (Abdulaziz Al-Dolaimi, Al Nowais Investments LLC, Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation,
 Castle SPC Limited, Fahad Abdulla Bindekhayel, OFS Investments Limited), NPS, Hana Investments,
 and NESR, pursuant to which NESR will acquire all of the equity interests in NPS; and 

 &#9679; 
 the
 GES Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2017, between the GES Selling Stockholders (Mubadarah Investments LLC,
 Yasser Said Al Barami, and Hilal Al Busaidy) and NESR, pursuant to which NESR will acquire 61% of the outstanding shares of
 GES (together with the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, the "Stock Purchase Agreements"); 

 &#9679; 
 the
 Contribution Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2017, between NESR and SV3 Holdings Pte LTD, pursuant to which NESR will
 acquire 27.3% of the outstanding shares of GES; and 

 &#9679; 
 the
 Shares Exchange Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2017, between NESR and Sponsor, pursuant to which NESR will acquire 11.7%
 of the outstanding shares of GES. 

 Proposal
2 - to re-elect Antonio J. Campo Mejia and Hala Zeibak as Class I directors to serve on our board of directors until the 2020
annual meeting of shareholders or their earlier death, resignation or removal under the terms of our Charter and until their respective
successors are duly elected and qualified, which we refer to as the "Director Election Proposal;" 

 Proposal
3 - to approve, for purposes of complying with applicable NASDAQ listing rules, the issuance of more than 20% of the Company's
issued and outstanding ordinary shares, which NASDAQ may deem to be a change of control, pursuant to the Business Combination
or a private placement in connection with the Backstop Commitment, which we refer to as the "NASDAQ Proposal"; 

 17 

 Proposal
4 - to approve and adopt the NESR 2018 Long Term Incentive Plan, which we refer to as the "Incentive Plan Proposal";
and 

 Proposal
5 - to adjourn the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary, to permit further solicitation
and vote of proxies if, based upon the tabulated vote at the time of the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, there are
not sufficient votes to approve the Business Combination Proposal, the NASDAQ Proposal and the Incentive Plan Proposal, which
we refer to as the "Adjournment Proposal". 

 Q:
Are the proposals conditioned on one another? 

 A:
 The transactions contemplated by the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, the GES Stock Purchase Agreement, the Contribution Agreement
and the Shares Exchange Agreement will be consummated only if the Business Combination Proposal is approved at the special meeting
in lieu of an annual meeting. In addition, the Incentive Plan Proposal and the NASDAQ Proposal are conditioned on the approval
of the Business Combination Proposal. The Director Election Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal are not conditioned on the approval
of the Business Combination Proposal. It is important for you to note that if we fail to complete a Business Combination by May
17, 2019 (or such earlier date as may be determined by our Board of Directors in its sole discretion), we will be required to
dissolve and liquidate our trust account by returning the then remaining funds in such account to the public shareholders. 

 Q:
Why is NESR providing shareholders with the opportunity to vote on the Business Combination? 

 A:
 Under our Charter, we must provide all holders of public shares with the opportunity to have their public shares redeemed
upon the consummation of our initial Business Combination either in conjunction with a tender offer or in conjunction with a shareholder
vote. We are seeking to obtain the approval of our shareholders of the Business Combination Proposal in order to allow our public
shareholders to effectuate redemptions of their public shares in connection with the closing of our Business Combination. 

 Q:
What will happen in the Business Combination? 

 A:
At the closing of the Business Combination, NESR will acquire all the outstanding equity interests of NPS and GES, which will
become our wholly-owned subsidiaries. 

 Q:
What equity stake will (i) current NESR shareholders hold in the Company after the closing and (ii) NESR hold in NPS and GES after
the closing? 

 A:
 It is anticipated that, following completion of the Business Combination and assuming there are no redemptions, NESR's
public shareholders will retain an ownership interest of 23.8% in NESR and our Sponsor and affiliates will retain an ownership
interest of 6.0% in NESR. These relative percentages assume NESR's receipt of the full $150 million in cash proceeds from
the Backstop Commitment pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement. In addition, if any of NESR's shareholders
exercise their redemption rights, the ownership percentage in NESR of NESR's public shareholders will decrease and the ownership
percentage in NESR of Sponsor will increase. These ownership percentages with respect to NESR following the Business Combination
do not take into account (i) the exercise of 22,921,700 public warrants to purchase up to a total of 11,460,850 NESR ordinary
shares, or (ii) the 12,618,680 private warrants to purchase up to a total of 6,309,340 NESR ordinary shares that will remain outstanding
following the Business Combination. If the actual facts are different than these assumptions (which they are likely to be), the
percentage ownerships retained by NESR's existing shareholders in NESR will be different. For more information, see the
section entitled "Summary -- Impact of the Business Combination on NESR's Public Float" and "Unaudited
Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements." 

 Q:
Who is the Backstop Investor and what will be their minimum and maximum potential holdings upon the consummation of the transaction?

 A:
 The Backstop Investor is an affiliate of MEA Energy Advisory UK,
LLP ("MEA Energy"). The Backstop Investor, together with its designees or affiliates, are providing the
Backstop Commitment. 

 Assuming
no redemptions occur and NESR does not exercise its option to draw an additional $80 million under the Backstop Commitment, the
Backstop Investor, following completion of the Business Combination, will own a minimum 7,000,000 ordinary shares at $10.00 per
share, which will represent an ownership interest of 7.9% in NESR, and NESR's public shareholders will retain an ownership
interest of 25.7% in NESR. 

 In
the event NESR exercises its option to draw the full additional amount under the Backstop Commitment of $80 million in exchange
for 7,114,906 ordinary shares at $11.244 per share and assuming no redemptions occur, then following completion of the Business
Combination the Backstop Investor will have an ownership interest of 14.7% in NESR, and NESR's public shareholders will
retain an ownership interest of 23.8% in NESR. 

 More
information about the Backstop Investor can be found under Backstop and Forward Purchase Agreement on page 100. 

 Q:
What conditions must be satisfied to complete the Business Combination? 

 A:
 There are a number of closing conditions in the Stock Purchase Agreements, including among other conditions that our shareholders
shall have approved and adopted the Stock Purchase Agreements, that the Business Combination shall have been approved by June
30, 2018 (unless the parties consent to an extension), that our shares remain listed on NASDAQ, and that, after giving effect
to any redemptions, but excluding the payment by NESR of its reasonable transaction expenses, there remains in NESR a minimum
cash requirement of $5 million, after applying the amount in the trust account, together with the proceeds from the Backstop
Commitment toward the Business Combination. For a summary of the conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to completion
of the Business Combination, see "Business Combination Proposal -- Conditions to Closing of the Business Combination." 

 18 

 Q:
Why is NESR proposing the Director Election Proposal? 

 A:
For purposes of Regulation 9.1 of our Charter, this special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting is serving as NESR's first
annual meeting of shareholders. Under Regulation 9.1 the terms of our current Class I directors will terminate at the meeting,
however Class I directors will stand for re-election at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. The NESR board has therefore
nominated the two (2) existing Class I directors, Antonio J. Campo Mejia, and Hala Zeibak, for re-election at the special meeting
in lieu of an annual meeting. If such director nominees are elected, upon the closing of the Business Combination, all four of
NESR's incumbent directors, Sherif Foda, Thomas Wood, Antonio J. Campo Mejia, and Hala Zeibak, shall remain on the Board
of Directors, and we anticipate increasing the size of our Board of Directors from four (4) to nine (9) directors. On or immediately
after the closing of the Business Combination, our Board of Directors intends to fill the vacancies created by the increase in
board size with five persons, two (2) of whom will be nominated by NPS Selling Stockholders, two (2) of whom will be nominated
by GES Selling Stockholders, and one (1) of whom will be nominated by SV3. If the two director nominees are elected and the Business
Combination is consummated, our Board of Directors will consist of four (4) existing NESR directors, Sherif Foda, Thomas Wood,
Antonio J. Campo Mejia, and Hala Zeibak, two nominated by NPS Selling Stockholders, Salim Al Noaimi and Adnan Ghabris, two
nominated by GES Selling Stockholders, Yasser Al Barami and Hilal Al Busaidy and one nominated by SV3, Andrew L. Waite. Accordingly,
our post-closing Board of Directors will consist of four directors (Antonio J. Campo Mejia, Hala Zeibak, Salem Al Noaimi and Andrew
Waite) who shall serve as Class I directors for a term expiring at the Company's annual meeting in 2020, and five directors
(Sherif Foda, Thomas Wood, Hilal Al Busaidy, Yasser Al Barami and Adnan Ghabris) who shall serve as Class II directors for a term
expiring at the Company's annual meeting in 2019. See the section entitled "Director Election Proposal" for
additional information. The appointment of the five additional directors will be made by resolution of the Board of Directors
at or immediately after the closing of the Business Combination. 

 Q:
Why is NESR proposing the NASDAQ Proposal? 

 A:
 We are proposing the NASDAQ Proposal in order to comply with NASDAQ Listing Rules 5635(a), (b) and (d), which require
shareholder approval of the issuance of 67,627,747 ordinary shares in certain transactions that result in (1) the issuance of
20% or more of the voting power outstanding or ordinary shares outstanding before such issuance of stock and (2) a change of control.
As of the date hereof, 28,652,125 NESR ordinary shares are issued and outstanding. Pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreements and
assuming the Backstop Commitment is subscribed for a total of $150 million, we anticipate issuing up to an aggregate of approximately
53,312,125 of our ordinary shares to consummate the Business Combination, subject to adjustment as described in the Stock Purchase
Agreements, up to an aggregate of approximately 14,114,906 ordinary shares to the Backstop Investor pursuant to the Backstop Commitment
and 200,717 shares to our underwriters assuming no redemptions. The number of ordinary shares issued to the Backstop Investor
would still be 14,114,906 and the underwriter shares would increase to 269,775 shares assuming the maximum redemptions of 6,905,839
 ordinary
shares, which would bring the total shares issued to 67,696,805 shares in the case of maximum redemptions. Because the number
of ordinary shares that we anticipate issuing in the Business Combination (1) will constitute more than 20% of our outstanding
ordinary shares and more than 20% of the outstanding voting power prior to such issuance and (2) will result in a change of control
(as defined by NASDAQ) of NESR, we are required to obtain shareholder approval of such issuances pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rules
5635(a) and (b). In addition, since we may issue 20% or more of our outstanding ordinary shares pursuant to the Backstop Commitment,
we are required to obtain shareholder approval of such issuance pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rules 5635(d). For more information,
see "NASDAQ Proposal." The NASDAQ Proposal is conditioned on the approval of the Business Combination Proposal. 

 Q:
Why is NESR proposing the Incentive Plan Proposal? 

 A:
 The purpose of the Incentive Plan is to enable us to offer eligible employees, directors and consultants cash and stock-based
incentive awards in order to attract, retain and reward these individuals and align their interests with the interests of our
shareholders. 

 Q:
What happens if I sell my NESR ordinary shares before the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting? 

 A:
 The record date for the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, April
27, 2018, is earlier than the date that the Business Combination is expected to be completed. If you transfer your NESR ordinary
shares after the record date, but before the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, unless the transferee obtains from
you a proxy to vote those shares, you will retain your right to vote at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. However,
you will not be able to seek redemption of your shares because you will no longer be able to deliver them for cancellation upon
consummation of the Business Combination. If you transfer your NESR ordinary shares prior to the record date, you will have no
right to vote those shares at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting or redeem those shares for a pro rata portion of
the proceeds held in our trust account. 

 Q:
What vote is required to approve the proposals presented at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting? 

 A:
 Approval of the Business Combination Proposal, the NASDAQ Proposal, the Incentive Plan Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by shareholders present in person or represented by proxy at the
special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. Accordingly, a NESR shareholder's failure to attend by proxy or in person
at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting or the failure of a NESR shareholder who holds his or her shares in "street
name" through a broker or other nominee to give voting instructions to such broker or other nominee (a "broker non-vote")
will result in that shareholder's shares not being counted towards the number of NESR ordinary shares required to validly
establish a quorum, but if a valid quorum is otherwise established, it will have no effect on the outcome of any vote on the Business
Combination Proposal, NASDAQ Proposal, the Incentive Plan Proposal or the Adjournment Proposal. Abstentions will be counted in
connection with the determination of whether a valid quorum is established but will have no effect on the outcome of the Business
Combination Proposal, the NASDAQ Proposal, the Incentive Plan Proposal or the Adjournment Proposal. 

 Approval
of the Director Election Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by shareholders present in person
or represented by proxy at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. This means that each of the two nominees will be
elected if approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by shareholders present in person or represented by
proxy at the meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on the election of directors. 

 19 

 Q:
May NESR or our Sponsor, NESR's directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in connection with the
Business Combination? 

 A:
 In connection with the shareholder vote to approve the Business Combination, our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors
or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following
the completion of the consummation of the Business Combination. However, they have no current commitments or plans to engage in
such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account
will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases
when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited
by Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

 Q:
How many votes do I have at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting? 

 A:
 Our shareholders are entitled to one vote at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting for each ordinary share held
of record as of April 27, 2018, the record date for the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. As of the close of
business on the record date, there were 28,652,125 outstanding ordinary shares. 

 Q:
What constitutes a quorum at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting? 

 A:
 Holders of at least 50% of the total votes of the Company's ordinary shares issued and outstanding 

 and
entitled to vote at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, constitute a
quorum. In the absence of a quorum, one-third of our shareholders, present in person or represented by proxy, will have the power
to adjourn the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. As of the record date for the special meeting in lieu of an annual
meeting, 14,326,063 of our ordinary shares would be required to achieve a quorum. 

 Q:
How will NESR's Sponsor, directors and officers vote? 

 A:
 In connection with our IPO, we entered into agreements with our Sponsor and each of our directors and executive officers,
pursuant to which each agreed to vote any NESR ordinary shares owned by them in favor of the Business Combination Proposal. Currently,
our Sponsor, certain of its affiliates and our independent directors, together with the underwriter in our IPO, own approximately
20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, including all of the Founder Shares. If holders of 100% of our ordinary shares
are present in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, we would need only an additional
8,595,638 ordinary shares, or 37.5% of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding to our public shareholders, to be voted in favor
of the proposals described in the accompanying proxy statement in order to have such transactions approved (assuming no additional
ordinary shares are purchased by our Sponsor on the market or in private transactions). 

 Q:
What interests do NESR's current officers and directors have in the Business Combination? 

 A:
Our directors and executive officers have interests in the Business Combination that are different from or in addition to (and
which may conflict with) your interests. These interests include: 

 &#9679; 
 the
 fact that our Sponsor and our officers and directors paid an aggregate of approximately $6.3 million for their Founder Shares
 and private warrants and such securities should have a significantly higher value at the time of the Business Combination.
 However, the private warrants will expire worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. As a result, our
 Sponsor (and its members, including our executive officers and directors) have a financial incentive to see the Business Combination
 consummated rather than lose whatever value is gained on the Founder Shares, as well as any value attributable to the private
 warrants; 

 &#9679; 
 In
 connection with Sponsor's purchase of 11.7% of the GES shares, an affiliate of
 Mr. Thomas Wood invested $500,000 and Mr. Antonio Campo invested $1,200,000 to fund a
 portion of the purchase price for such GES shares pursuant to certain Loan Contracts
 and, accordingly, our Sponsor, along with Messrs. Wood and Campo, will not have any public
 market in which to sell their investment in GES if the Closing does not occur, although,
 pursuant to the Loan Contracts, repayment of the investments may be made in cash at the
 election of our Sponsor; 

 20 

 &#9679; 
 if
 NESR is unable to complete a Business Combination within the required time period, by
 May 17, 2019, our Sponsor will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account
 are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities
 that are owed money by NESR for services rendered or contracted for or products sold
 to NESR, but only if such a vendor or target business has not executed a waiver of claims
 against the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter
 in our IPO. To date, each of NESR's vendors has agreed that it will not have any
 right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in our trust account,
 and will not make any claim against our trust account (including any distributions therefrom);
 and 

 &#9679; 
 the
 continued indemnification of current directors and officers of the Company and the continuation of directors' and officers'
 liability insurance after the Business Combination. 

 Q:
What happens if I vote against the Business Combination Proposal? 

 A:
 If the Business Combination Proposal is not approved, we may proceed to identify another transaction which may be submitted
for shareholder approval. If we are ultimately unable to consummate a Business Combination and close such transaction by May 17,
2019, then we will be required to dissolve and liquidate our trust account by returning the then remaining funds in such account
to the public shareholders. 

 Q:
Do I have redemption rights? 

 A:
 If you are a holder of public shares and you vote on the Business Combination
Proposal, you may redeem your public shares for cash equal to a pro rata portion of the aggregate amount on deposit in the trust
account which holds the proceeds of our IPO as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, less
taxes payable upon the consummation of the Business Combination. A public shareholder, together with any of his, her or its affiliates
or any other person with whom it is acting in concert or as a "group" (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from redeeming in the aggregate his, her or its shares or, if part of such a group, the group's
shares, in excess of 20% of the outstanding public shares issued in the IPO. Our Sponsor, and certain lead investors in our IPO
have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any of our ordinary shares they may hold in connection with the consummation
of the Business Combination. Additionally, the Founder Shares will be excluded from the pro rata calculation used to determine
the per-share redemption price. For illustrative purposes, based on funds in the trust account of $231,553,535.80 as of
April 30, 2018, the estimated per share redemption price would have been approximately $10.10. Additionally, public
shares properly tendered for redemption will only be redeemed if the Business Combination is consummated; otherwise holders of
such shares will only be entitled to a pro rata portion of the trust account (including interest but net of taxes payable) in
connection with the liquidation of the trust account. 

 Q:
Will how I vote affect my ability to exercise redemption rights? 

 A:
 No. You may exercise your redemption rights whether or not you affirmatively vote your NESR ordinary shares "FOR"
or "AGAINST" the Business Combination Proposal or abstain from voting on the 
Business Combination Proposal or any other proposal described by this proxy statement. As a result, the Stock Purchase Agreements
can be approved by shareholders who will redeem their public shares and no longer remain shareholders, leaving shareholders who
choose not to redeem their public shares holding shares in a company with a less liquid trading market, fewer shareholders, less
cash and the potential inability to meet the listing standards of NASDAQ. 

 Q:
How do I exercise my redemption rights? 

 A:
 In order to exercise your redemption rights, you must, prior to 5:00 p.m., Eastern time on May 16, 2018 (two business
days before the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting), (x) submit a written request to our transfer agent that we redeem
your public shares for cash, (y) affirmatively certify in your request to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company for redemption
if you "ARE" or "ARE NOT" acting in concert or as a "group" (as defined in Section 13d-3 of
the Exchange Act) with any other shareholder with respect to NESR ordinary shares, and (z) deliver your shares to our transfer
agent physically or electronically through Depository Trust Company, or DTC. The address of Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company, our transfer agent, is listed under the question "Who can help answer my questions?" below. 

 21 

 A
holder of the public shares, together with any affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a
"group" (as defined in Section 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect
to an aggregate of 20% or more of the public shares, which we refer to as the "20% threshold." Accordingly, all public
shares in excess of the 20% threshold beneficially owned by a public shareholder or group will not be redeemed for cash. 

 Shareholders
seeking to exercise their redemption rights and opting to deliver physical certificates should allot sufficient time to obtain
physical certificates from the transfer agent and time to effect delivery. It is NESR's understanding that shareholders
should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates from the transfer agent. However, NESR does not have
any control over this process and it may take longer than two weeks. Shareholders who hold their shares in street name will have
to coordinate with their bank, broker or other nominee to have the shares certificated or delivered electronically. 

 Any
demand for redemption, once made, may be withdrawn at any time until the deadline for exercising redemption requests and thereafter,
with our consent, until the vote is taken with respect to the Business Combination. If you delivered your shares for redemption
to our transfer agent and decide within the required timeframe not to exercise your redemption rights, you may request that our
transfer agent return the shares (physically or electronically). You may make such request by contacting our transfer agent at
the phone number or address listed under the question "Who can help answer my questions?" below. 

 Q:
What are the federal income tax consequences of exercising my redemption rights? 

 A:
 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, NESR shareholders who exercise their redemption rights to receive cash from the trust
account in exchange for their NESR ordinary shares generally will be required to treat the transaction as a sale of such shares
and recognize gain or loss upon the redemption in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between the amount of cash received
and the tax basis of the NESR ordinary shares redeemed. However, NESR shareholders who are U.S. taxpayers could be subject to
substantial additional taxes if we are determined to be a "passive foreign investment company" for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. For more information, see the section entitled "The Business Combination Proposal -- Material U.S. Federal
Income Tax Considerations for Shareholders Exercising Redemption Rights." 

 Q:
If I am a NESR warrant holder or right holder, can I exercise redemption rights with respect to my warrants or rights? 

 A:
 No. The holders of our warrants and rights have no redemption rights with respect to our warrants or rights. 

 Q:
Do I have appraisal rights if I object to the Business Combination? 

 A:
 No. There are no appraisal rights available to holders of NESR ordinary shares in connection with the Business Combination
under the structure as presently contemplated. 

 Q:
What happens to the funds held in the trust account upon consummation of the Business Combination? 

 A:
 If the Business Combination is consummated, the funds held in the trust account will be released to pay: (i) NESR shareholders
who properly exercise their redemption rights; (ii) to the extent that a positive balance remains in the trust account after all
redemption payments are made, the cash portion of consideration due to NPS Selling Stockholders pursuant to the NPS Stock Purchase
Agreement; (iii) to the extent that a positive balance remains in the trust account after all redemption payments and cash consideration
payments are made, an expected $18.4 million of fees, costs and expenses (including regulatory fees, legal fees, accounting fees,
printer fees and other professional fees) that were incurred by the Company in connection with the Business Combination, including
approximately $9 million payable to the underwriters (Maxim Group LLC and NBCF) for advisory services in connection with the Business
Combination (consisting of approximately $7 million in cash and approximately 0.2 million ordinary shares with a market value
of approximately $2 million to the underwriters, an estimated $8.9 million in other financial advisory and legal fees and expenses
and approximately $0.5 million relating to other fees and expenses incurred relating to the Business Combination; and (iv) to
the extent that a positive balance remains in the trust account after all redemption payments, cash consideration payments and
payments of approximately $18.4 million in fees and expenses, the remaining cash balance will be used by the Company for working
capital and general corporate purposes. 

 Q:
Are there any arrangements to help ensure that the Company will have sufficient funds, together with the proceeds in its Trust
Account, to fund the Business Combination? 

 A:
 Yes. In connection with the Business
Combination, on April 27, 2018 the Company entered into a Forward Purchase Agreement with the Backstop Investor
for up to $150 million, consisting of: (i) a primary placement to occur concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination,
pursuant to which the Company shall sell 7,000,000 ordinary shares at $10.00 per share for a total drawdown of $70 million; and
(ii) at the Company's election, a secondary placement, pursuant to which the Company will have the option to draw, in one
or more installments, and for up to three months following the closing of the Business Combination, up to an additional $80 million
by selling up to 7,114,906 ordinary shares at $11.244 per share. If the Company elects to engage in a secondary placement, at
least $30 million must be sold on the first draw and at least $12.5 million must be sold in subsequent draws. 

 To
the extent not utilized to consummate the Business Combination and cover redemptions, the proceeds from the Trust Account and
the Backstop Commitment will be used to pay any transaction expenses or other administrative expenses incurred by the Company,
and any remainder will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

 Q:
What happens if the Business Combination is not consummated? 

 A:
 There are certain circumstances under which the Stock Purchase Agreements may be terminated. For more information, see the
section entitled "The Business Combination Proposal -- Termination and Conditions for Closing the Business Combination
for information regarding the parties' specific termination rights." If we do not consummate the Business Combination
and fail to complete an initial Business Combination by May 17, 2019, our Charter provides that we will, as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
(less the net interest earned thereon to pay taxes), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations
except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs. This redemption of public shares from the trust account will occur automatically
in accordance with our Charter and prior to any formal voluntary liquidation of the company. Our Sponsor has agreed to waive its
right to receive liquidating distributions with respect to its Founder Shares if we fail to consummate our initial Business Combination
by May 17, 2019. However, if our Sponsor or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquired or will acquire public shares
in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to receive liquidating distributions with respect to such public shares if we fail
to consummate our initial Business Combination within the required time period. In the event of liquidation, there will be no
distribution with respect to NESR's outstanding warrants or rights. Accordingly, the warrants and rights will expire worthless. 

 22 

 Q:
When is the Business Combination expected to be completed? 

 A:
 It is currently anticipated that the Business Combination will be consummated promptly following the special meeting in lieu
of an annual meeting, provided that all other conditions to the consummation of the Business Combination have been satisfied or
waived. For a description of the conditions to the completion of the Business Combination, see "The Business Combination
Proposal -- Termination and Conditions for Closing of the Business Combination." 

 Q:
What do I need to do now? 

 A:
 You are urged to read carefully and consider the information contained in this proxy statement, including the annexes, and
to consider how the Business Combination will affect you as a shareholder. You should also carefully read the Company's
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. You should then vote as soon as possible in accordance with the
instructions provided in this proxy statement and on the enclosed proxy card or, if you hold your shares through a brokerage firm,
bank or other nominee, on the voting instruction form provided by the broker, bank or nominee. 

 Q:
How do I vote? 

 A:
 If you were a holder of record of our ordinary shares on April 27, 2018, the record date for the special meeting in
lieu of an annual meeting, you may vote with respect to the proposals in person at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting,
or by completing, signing, dating and returning the enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided. If you hold your
shares in "street name," which means your shares are held of record by a broker, bank or other nominee, you should
contact your broker, bank or nominee to ensure that votes related to the shares you beneficially own are properly counted. In
this regard, you must provide the record holder of your shares with instructions on how to vote your shares or, if you wish to
attend the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting and vote in person, obtain a proxy from your broker, bank or nominee. 

 Q:
What will happen if I abstain from voting or fail to vote at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting? 

 A:
 At the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, we will count a properly executed proxy marked "ABSTAIN"
with respect to a particular proposal as present for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present. A failure to vote or
an abstention will have no effect on the proposals. However, whether or not you abstain from voting or fail to vote on
the Business Combination Proposal at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting will have no effect on your ability
to exercise your redemption rights (as described above). 

 Q:
What will happen if I sign and return my proxy card without indicating how I wish to vote? 

 A:
 Signed and dated proxies received by us without an indication of how the shareholder intends to vote on a proposal will be
voted "FOR" each proposal described herein. 

 Q:
If I am not going to attend the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting in person, should I return my proxy card instead?

 A:
 Yes. Whether you plan to attend the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting or not, please read the enclosed proxy statement
carefully, and vote your shares by completing, signing, dating and returning the enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope
provided. 

 23 

 Q:
If my shares are held in "street name," will my broker, bank or nominee automatically vote my shares for me? 

 A:
 No. Under the rules of various national and regional securities exchanges, your broker, bank, or nominee cannot vote your
shares with respect to non-discretionary matters unless you provide instructions on how to vote in accordance with the information
and procedures provided to you by your broker, bank, or nominee. We believe the proposals presented to the shareholders will be
considered non-discretionary and therefore your broker, bank, or nominee cannot vote your shares without your instruction. If
you do not provide instructions with your proxy, your bank, broker, or other nominee may deliver a proxy card expressly indicating
that it is NOT voting your shares; this indication that a bank, broker, or nominee is not voting your shares is referred to as
a "broker non-vote." Broker non-votes will not be counted for the purpose of determining the existence of a quorum
or for purposes of determining the number of votes cast at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. Your bank, broker,
or other nominee can vote your shares only if you provide instructions on how to vote. You should instruct your broker to vote
your shares in accordance with directions you provide. 

 Q:
May I change my vote after I have mailed my signed proxy card? 

 A:
 Yes. You may change your vote by sending a later-dated, signed proxy card to Morrow Sodali, LLC (the "Proxy Solicitor")
at the address listed below so that it is received by the Proxy Solicitor prior to the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting
or attend the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting in person and vote. You also may revoke your proxy by sending a notice
of revocation to our secretary, which must be received by our secretary prior to the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. 

 Q:
What should I do if I receive more than one set of voting materials? 

 A:
 You may receive more than one set of voting materials, including multiple copies of this proxy statement and multiple proxy
cards or voting instruction cards as well as the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017.
For example, if you hold your shares in more than one brokerage account, you will receive a separate voting instruction card for
each brokerage account in which you hold shares. If you are a holder of record and your shares are registered in more than one
name, you will receive more than one proxy card. Please complete, sign, date and return each proxy card and voting instruction
card that you receive in order to cast your vote with respect to all of your shares. 

 Q:
Who will solicit and pay the cost of soliciting proxies? 

 A:
 NESR will pay the cost of soliciting proxies for the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. NESR has engaged the Proxy
Solicitor to assist in the solicitation of proxies for the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. NESR has agreed to pay
the Proxy Solicitor a fee of $25,000 plus costs and expenses and a per call fee for any incoming or outgoing shareholder calls
for such services, which fee also includes the Proxy Solicitor acting as the inspector of elections at the special meeting in
lieu of an annual meeting. NESR will reimburse the Proxy Solicitor for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and will indemnify the
Proxy Solicitor and its affiliates against certain claims, liabilities, losses, damages and expenses. NESR will also reimburse
banks, brokers and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries representing beneficial owners of NESR's ordinary shares for
their expenses in forwarding soliciting materials to beneficial owners of NESR's ordinary shares and in obtaining voting
instructions from those owners. Our directors and officers may also solicit proxies by telephone, by facsimile, by mail, on the
Internet or in person. They will not be paid any additional amounts for soliciting proxies. 

 Q:
Who can help answer my questions? 

 A:
If you have questions about the proposals or if you need additional copies of this proxy statement, the enclosed proxy card or
the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, you may contact our proxy solicitor: 

 Morrow
Sodali LLC 
 470 West Avenue 
 Stamford CT 06902 
 Tel: (800) 662-5200 (toll-free), or banks and brokers can call collect at (203) 658-9400. 
 Email: NESR.info@morrowsodali.com 

 24 

 You
may also contact NESR at: 

 Dhiraj
Dudeja 
 777 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 730 
 Houston, Texas 77056 
 1 (832) 925 3777 

 To
obtain timely delivery, our shareholders must request the materials no later than five business days prior to the special meeting
in lieu of an annual meeting. 

 You
may also obtain additional information about us from documents filed with the SEC by following the instructions in the section
entitled "Where You Can Find More Information." 

 If
you intend to seek redemption of your public shares, you will need to send a letter demanding redemption and deliver your shares
(either physically or electronically) to our transfer agent two business days prior to the special meeting in lieu of an annual
meeting. If you have questions regarding the certification of your position or delivery of your shares, please contact: 

 Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company 
 One State Street Plaza, 30 th Floor 
 New York, New York 10004 
 Attn: Mark Zimkind 
 E-mail: mzimkind@continentalstock.com 

 25 

 SUMMARY
OF THE PROXY STATEMENT 

 This
summary highlights selected information from this proxy statement and does not contain all of the information that is important
to you. To better understand the Business Combination and the proposals to be considered at the special meeting in lieu of an
annual meeting, you should read this entire proxy statement carefully, including the annexes. See also "Where You Can Find
More Information." 

 Parties
To The Business Combination 

 National
Energy Services Reunited Corp. 

 National
Energy Services Reunited Corp. ("NESR," "we," "our" "us" or the "Company")
is a blank check company formed in the British Virgin Islands on January 23, 2017, for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination involving NESR and one or more
businesses. NESR has developed a business plan to acquire two target companies Gulf Energy S.A.O.C., centered in Oman,
and NPS Holdings Ltd., centered in United Arab Emirates (together referenced herein as "Target Companies"). 

 National
Energy Services Reunited Corporation 

 National
Energy Services Reunited Corporation (the "Texas Subsidiary") is a wholly owned subsidiary of NESR, which was formed
in Texas primarily to provide services to NESR, under a service contract, and to employ any U.S. persons employed and providing
services to NESR or the Target Companies. Under Oman law, an Oman S.A.O.C. company like GES must have at least 30% of its shares
held by Oman persons. Under the U.S.-Oman Free Trade Agreement, U.S. persons, including corporations formed in the U.S., are treated
as Oman persons for purposes of owning Oman companies provided the U.S. shareholders acquire 100% of the Oman S.A.O.C. Texas Sub
will satisfy Oman law and regulations as a qualified shareholder. NESR has filed an application for an exemption with the Ministry
of Commerce and Industry of Oman, so that NESR may acquire GES directly. 
 However, in the interim,
NESR intends to use this Texas Subsidiary to acquire the GES shares. 

 NESR
Holdings Ltd. 

 NESR
Holdings, Ltd. ("NESR Holdings" or "Sponsor") formed NESR and is owned by members of NESR's senior
management. NESR Holdings retains voting control with respect to all Founder Shares issued to our Sponsor but beneficial ownership
of those shares is held by the key management persons that formed NESR and facilitated the organization of the Company and its
IPO. To facilitate the acquisition of certain minority interests in GES pending finalization and shareholder approval of the Business
Combination, NESR Holdings acquired 11.7% of the outstanding shares of GES. Additionally, NESR Holdings has agreed to a Shares
Exchange Agreement by which it will assign all of its GES shares to NESR, and in exchange NESR agreed to assume the obligations
to issue NESR ordinary shares to NESR Holdings in payment of the funds borrowed to purchase the GES Shares, upon shareholder approval
of the Business Combination. NESR Holdings financed the acquisition of these GES shares with funds borrowed from the GES Investors,
a series of private equity lenders, each of which has agreed to accept NESR ordinary shares in satisfaction of the loans, subject
to and pending review of this Proxy Statement. 

 Gulf
Energy S.A.O.C 

 Gulf
Energy S.A.O.C. ("GES") is an oil field service company that provides oil and
gas field services including coil tubing, well testing, evaluation, rehabilitation, cementing and mud logging in Oman and surrounding
countries. In addition, through its main subsidiaries, GES provides well engineering and inspection services, well drilling services,
and distribution and leasing of oil and gas equipment. 

 26 

 SV3
Holdings Pte Ltd 

 SV3
Holdings Pte Ltd ("SV3"), was formed in Singapore by two private equity funds: SCF-VIII, L.P., a limited partnership
formed under the laws of Delaware with a principal place of business in Houston, Texas d/b/a SCF Partners, and Viburnum Funds
Pty Ltd., an investment manager with its lead office in Western Australia. Each of the owners of SV3 are independent of NESR.
SV3 was formed for the purpose of acquiring a minority interest in GES. On or about October 20, 2017, SV3 invested $68.25 million
into GES in exchange for 136,500 shares, or 27.3% of GES shares. On November 12, 2017, SV3 entered into a Contribution Agreement
with NESR pursuant to which SV3 agreed to exchange its shares in GES for NESR ordinary shares at an exchange ratio equal to $10.00
per share for SV3's net cost to acquire the shares, upon consummation of the Business Combination. 

 NPS
Holdings Limited 

 NPS
Holdings Limited ("NPS"), delivers drilling, customized well services and support to customers in the Middle East,
North Africa & Far East Asia. NPS provides its distinctive customer solutions through subsidiaries and branches. For
more information, see the section entitled "Information About NPS Our Operations
- Subsidiaries." Service lines include well services, electric line logging, well testing, and integrated drilling and work
over operations. NPS is recognized for both product quality and service deliverability, and is widely engaged by leading operators
around the world. 

 Hana
Investments Co. WLL, a member of The Olayan Group 

 Hana
Investments Co. WLL ("Hana Investments") a party to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, is incorporated in Bahrain and
100% legally and beneficially Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) Company owned. Hana Investments is owned by The Olayan Group ("Olayan").
Olayan is an existing shareholder of NESR. In connection with NESR's agreement to acquire all of the shares of NPS, Olayan
(through Hana Investments) agreed to acquire a minority interest in NPS for $150 million to expedite the transaction, which was
paid on or about January 14, 2018. In connection therewith, NESR
has agreed to pay to Hana Investments interest on the $150 million up to a maximum of $4.7 million. Such interest shall be payable
in cash or NESR shares at $11.244 per share. 

 Consideration
for the Acquisition of NPS in the Business Combination 

 NESR
will be purchasing 100% of the outstanding stock of NPS for $292.8 million in cash (to NPS Selling Stockholders) plus 25,077,276
ordinary shares (to NPS Selling Stockholders and Hana Investments), excluding possible future earn-outs of 3,343,408 ordinary
shares and of $7,572,444 in cash (to NPS Selling Stockholders). Of the ordinary shares exchanged, 11,318,827 shares are exchanged
at $10.00 per share with the NPS Selling Stockholders, and 13,340,448 shares are exchanged with Hana Investments at a value of
$11.244 per share. In addition, NESR has agreed to pay an interest factor for each day after January 14, 2018, on the payment
by Hana Investments not to exceed $4.7 million payable in cash or NESR shares at $11.244 per share for an equivalent of up to
418,001 shares, which number of shares are included in the estimated total share consideration of 25,077,276 shares. NESR may
be required to pay the following additional consideration to the NPS Selling Stockholders: (i) a possible $7,572,444 cash bonus
upon retention of a major customer contract and (ii) up to 3,343,408 NESR shares in post-closing earn-outs. NESR is also subject
to additional payments for delays in receiving shareholder approval ("Ticker Fee") to complete the Business Combination
beyond December 31, 2017 pursuant to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement. The amount of the Ticker Fee is being discussed with NPS
Selling Stockholders. Pursuant to these discussions, the NPS Shareholders have agreed to waive the Ticker Fee associated with
the Hana Investments payment of $150 million which was made on January 14, 2018 to purchase 83,660,878 NPS Shares. For the remaining
cash payments, NESR has proposed an 8-week suspension of the Ticker Fee which would postpone its application to start from March
1, 2018. Based on the 8-week suspension, the Ticker Fee is estimated to total $11,200,606 assuming the Business Combination is
completed on May 15, 2018. 

 27 

 Consideration
for the Acquisition of GES in the Business Combination 

 NESR
will acquire 100% of the outstanding shares of GES for 28,234,848 NESR ordinary shares. The NESR ordinary shares will be issued
at a value of $10.00 per share for a total GES purchase price valued at $282.3 million, plus interest on the loans from GES Investors
of approximately $1.25 million in cash. This includes 18,484,848 shares to be issued to the GES Selling Stockholders pursuant
to the GES Stock Purchase Agreement, 6,825,000 shares to SV3 pursuant to a contribution agreement ("SV3 Contribution Agreement"),
and 2,925,000 shares to Sponsor pursuant to the Shares Exchange Agreement. SV3 had acquired 27.3% of GES shares for $ 68.25 million
shares and agreed to enter into the SV3 Contribution Agreement to exchange its GES shares for NESR ordinary shares at $10 per
share. Our Sponsor acquired 11.7% of the outstanding GES shares to facilitate execution of the GES Stock Purchase Agreement. In
order to fund this purchase, our Sponsor borrowed funds from the GES Investors pursuant to Loan Contracts in which the GES Investors
agreed to accept either (i) NESR ordinary shares at $10.00 per share in repayment of the loans (subject to their independent consent
after review of the proxy statement), or (ii) payment in cash or an assignment of the GES stock if any GES Investor elects not
to accept NESR ordinary shares after the proxy statement is filed, plus interest on the loans of approximately $1.25 million payable
in cash. All Loan Contracts, obligations and acquired GES shares are assigned to NESR under the Shares Exchange Agreement. 

 The
consideration for the acquisition of NPS and GES is summarized in the table below : 

 NESR
 Ordinary Shares 

 Cash 
 (in millions) 

 NPS
 Selling Stockholders (2) 

 11,318,827 

 $ 
 292.8 

 Hana
Investments (3) 

 13,758,449 

 - 

 Total
for NPS 

 25,077,276 

 $ 
 292.8 

 GES
Selling Stockholders 

 18,484,848 

 - 

 SV3
Holdings Pte Ltd 

 6,825,000 

 - 

 NESR
Holdings Ltd/ GES Investors (4) 

 2,925,000 

 - 

 Total
 for GES 

 28,234,848 

 - 

 Total
 for NPS and GES transactions 

 53,312,125 

 $ 
 292.8 (1) 

 (1)
 Part of the proceeds from the Forward Purchase Agreement will be used to help finance the cash consideration payable to
the NPS Selling Stockholders. 

 (2)
 Excludes possible Cash Earnout, Equity Earnout and Ticker Fee as described in the Consideration for the Acquisition of NPS. 

 (3) 
Includes 418,001 NESR ordinary shares for $4.7 million interest accrued for Hana Investments. 

 (4) 
Excludes interest on the loans of approximately $1.25 million payable in cash to the GES Investors. 

 Backstop
Investor 

 In connection with
the Business Combination, on April 27, 2018 the Company entered into a Forward Purchase Agreement with the Backstop Investor,
pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell up to $150 million of the Company's ordinary shares to the Backstop Investor
or its designees and commonly controlled affiliates, including co-investment funds controlled by Backstop Investor or its affiliates.
Such Backstop Commitment will consist of: (i) a primary placement to occur concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination,
pursuant to which the Company shall sell 7,000,000 ordinary shares at $10.00 per share for a total drawdown of $70 million; and
(ii) at the Company's election, a secondary placement, pursuant to which the Company will have the option to draw, in one
or more installments, up to an additional $80 million by selling up to 7,114,906 ordinary shares at $11.244 per share. If the
Company elects to engage in a secondary placement, at least $30 million must be sold on the first draw and at least $12.5 million
must be sold in subsequent draws. All draw notices must be given with 3-10 business days' advance written notice, with the
applicable closing to occur on or within 3 months after the Business Combination. Such proceeds will (i) offset any capital used
for shareholder redemptions; (ii) fund the cash portion of the consideration to certain shareholders of NPS and transaction expenses
in connection with the Business Combination; or (iii) be used for other corporate purposes, including satisfaction of its minimum
cash requirements immediately following the Business Combination. The Company and the Backstop Investor also agreed to enter into
a registration rights agreement to grant the Backstop Investor certain rights to register the resale of any shares issued in the
Backstop Commitment after the Business Combination. 

 The Backstop Investor
is wholly owned by Waha Capital. The Forward Purchase Agreement contains a similar provision as the WAHA Relationship Agreement,
entitling the Backstop Investor to nominate one person to NESR's board of directors for as long as it directly owns at least
7,057,453 ordinary shares and Adnan Ghabris is not otherwise nominated to the board; provided, however, that such nominating right
shall terminate if and when the Backstop Investor fails to deliver the required purchase price in any drawdown of a secondary
placement. 

 Organizational
Structure 

 The
following diagram illustrates the ownership structure of the Company immediately following the Business Combination. All entities
are 100% owned. 

 28 

 The
following diagram provides a further breakdown of the ownership of NESR upon consummation of the contemplated transactions, assuming
no redemptions and utilization of the full $150 million Backstop Commitment. 

 (1) 
 Castle SPC Limited.
 is wholly owned by Waha Capital; Backstop Investor MEA Energy Investment Company 2 Ltd is wholly owned by Waha Capital,
 which has sole dispositive power over MEA Energy Investment Company 2 Ltd. 

 (2) 
 Competrol
 Establishment, which participated in the IPO, is a subsidiary of The Olayan Group and will own 3.12% of NESR post combination
 (page 250) assuming no redemptions. Hana Investments Co WLL is also a subsidiary of The Olayan Group and the total holdings
 controlled by The Olayan Group post business combination will be 17.41% assuming no redemptions. Hana Investments Co WLL bought
 an interest in NPS pursuant to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement. 

 (3) 
 GES
 Selling Shareholders include Mubadarah Investments, LLC, Yasser Said Al Barami and Hilal Al Busaidy who are selling 61% of
 the outstanding shares of GES to NESR. 

 (4) 
 SV3
 Holdings Pte Ltd is owned by two private equity funds: SCF-VIII, L.P., and Viburnum Funds Pty Ltd. 

 (5) 
 NESR
 Holdings acquired 11.7% of the outstanding shares of GES with funding from 11 private equity investors (GES Investors). NESR
 Holdings has agreed to a Shares Exchange Agreement by which it will assign all of its GES shares to NESR. 

 (6) 
 Hussain
 Al Nowais has a 7.56% ownership interest in Waha Capital and is the Chairman of Al-Nowais Investments LLC. 

 Opinion
of J.P. Morgan 

 On
November 12, 2017, the Company's Board of Directors received from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC ("J.P. Morgan"),
financial advisor to the Company, a written opinion to the Company's Board of Directors, dated November 12, 2017, that,
as of such date and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in its opinion, the Consideration (as defined
in the opinion) to be paid by the Company in the proposed Transactions (as defined in the opinion) was fair, from a financial
point of view, to the Company, as more fully described below in the section entitled "The Business Combination Proposal
-- Opinion of J.P. Morgan". The full text of the written opinion of J.P. Morgan, dated November 12, 2017, is attached
to this proxy statement as Annex E. 

 The
Company's stockholders are urged to read the opinion in its entirety. J.P. Morgan's written opinion is addressed to
the Board, is directed only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Consideration to be paid by the Company in
the Transactions and does not constitute a recommendation to any Company stockholder as to how such stockholder should vote with
respect to the Transactions. The summary of the opinion of J.P. Morgan set forth in this proxy statement is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the full text of such opinion. For a more complete description of J.P. Morgan's opinion, see the section
entitled "The Business Combination Proposal--Opinion of J.P. Morgan" and Annex E to this proxy statement. 

 29 

 Redemption
Rights 

 Pursuant
to our Charter, holders of public shares (excluding our Sponsor and certain lead investors in our IPO) may elect to have their
shares redeemed for cash at the applicable redemption price per share calculated in accordance with our Charter. The pro rata
amount of the funds available in the trust account for the public shares was approximately $10.10 per share as of April
30, 2018. If a holder exercises its redemption rights in connection with the Business Combination, then such holder will be
exchanging its NESR ordinary shares for cash and will no longer own NESR ordinary shares and will not participate in the future
growth of the Company, if any. NESR public shareholders are not required to affirmatively vote for or against the Business Combination
in order to redeem their ordinary shares for cash. This means that public shareholders who hold NESR ordinary shares on or before
May 16, 2018 (two (2) business days before the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting) may elect to redeem their
shares whether or not they are holders as of the record date, and whether or not they vote for the Business Combination Proposal,
so long as such holder properly demands redemption and delivers its shares (either physically or electronically) to our transfer
agent in accordance with the procedures described herein. For more information, see the section entitled "Special Meeting
in Lieu of an Annual Meeting of NESR Shareholders -- Redemption Rights" for the procedures to be followed if you wish
to redeem your shares for cash. 

 Impact
of the Business Combination on NESR's Public Float 

 It
is anticipated that, following completion of the Business Combination and assuming there are no redemptions, NESR's public
shareholders will retain an ownership interest of 23.8% in NESR and our Sponsor and affiliates will retain an ownership interest
of 6.0% in NESR. These relative percentages assume NESR's receipt of $150 million in cash proceeds from the proposed Commitment. In addition, if any of NESR's shareholders exercise their redemption rights, the ownership interest in NESR
of NESR's public shareholders will decrease and the ownership interest in NESR of our Sponsor will increase. These ownership
percentages with respect to NESR following the Business Combination do not take into account (i) the 22,921,700 public warrants
to purchase up to a total of 11,460,850 NESR ordinary shares, or (ii) the 12,618,680 private warrants to purchase up to a total
of 6,309,340 NESR ordinary shares that will remain outstanding following the Business Combination. If the actual facts are different
than these assumptions (which they are likely to be), the percentage ownership retained by NESR's existing shareholders
in NESR will be different. 

 In
connection with the Business Combination, the Company has entered into a Forward Purchase Agreement for up to $150
million with the Backstop Investor, pursuant to which, concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination, the
Company will draw down a minimum of $70 million at $10.00 per share, and will have the option to draw up to an additional $80
million at $11.244 per share, as needed, until three months following the Business Combination. The funds will be used
to replace capital removed to pay shareholder redemptions, to help fund the cash portion of the consideration to the NPS
Selling Stockholders and transaction expenses in the Business Combination, or other corporate purposes, such that the Company
meets its minimum cash requirements immediately following the Business Combination. 

 To the extent the Backstop Commitment is fully utilized for a $150 million private placement of NESR ordinary
shares, the ownership percentages of NESR's public shareholders reflected above will decrease as shown below: 

 Assumed Zero Redemptions 

 100% 
 (or $231,553,536 
 million in trust) 

 Assumed 6,905,839
 million shares, or 30.1% of NESR Public Shares Redeemed (for $69,762,340 Proceeds from Trust Account) 

 69.9% 
 (or $161,791,013 
 million in trust) 

 NESR public shareholders 

 22,921,700 

 23.8 
 % 

 16,015,861 

 17.9 
 % 
 
 Backstop Investor* 

 14,114,906 

 14.7 
 % 

 14,114,906 

 15.8 
 % 
 
 Sponsor 

 5,730,425 

 6.0 
 % 

 5,730,425 

 6.4 
 % 
 
 Underwriter 

 200,717 

 0.2 
 % 

 269,775 

 0.3 
 % 

 *
 
 If
 no ordinary shares are redeemed, assumes that $150 million of the Backstop Commitment is drawn with the issuance of 14,114,906
 NESR ordinary shares to the Backstop Investor. If 30.1% of NESR public shares are redeemed, assumes that $150 million of the
 Backstop Commitment is drawn and 14,114,906 NESR ordinary shares are issued to the Backstop Investor. This calculation is
 being presented for illustrative purposes only, as any private placement pursuant to the Backstop Commitment may not be exercised
 in full unless the amount of redemptions results in $161,791,013 or less remaining in our trust account. 

 ** 
 The
 Underwriter receives a redemption-based compensation whereby its total compensation including cash and ordinary shares will
 be reduced with increased redemptions. 

 No
 Redemption 

 6,905,839
 shares 
 Redemption 

 Shares 

 200,717 

 269,775 

 Cash 
 
 $ 
 7,025,095 

 $ 
 4,608,051 

 Any
private placement of ordinary shares made pursuant to the Backstop Commitment is contingent upon shareholder approval of the NASDAQ
Proposal. Any open market or privately negotiated transactions made by the Backstop Investor are not contingent on shareholder
approval of the Business Combination Proposal or the NASDAQ Proposal. 

 30 

 Board
of Directors of NESR Following the Business Combination 

 The
existing Board of Directors, consisting of four Directors, will exercise its power under the Charter to expand the Board to nine
directors. Our Board of Directors intends to fill the vacancies created by the increase in board size following closing of the
Business Combination, with five persons, two (2) of whom will be nominated by NPS Selling Stockholders, two (2) of whom will be
nominated by GES Selling Stockholders, and one (1) of whom will be nominated by SV3 to fill the vacancies created by the increase
in board size. If all director nominees are elected and the Business Combination is consummated, our Board of Directors will consist
of four (4) existing NESR directors, Sherif Foda, Thomas Wood, Antonio J. Campo Mejia, and Hala Zeibak, two nominated by NPS Selling
Stockholders, Salim Al Noaimi and Adnan Ghabris, two nominated by GES Selling Stockholders, Yasser Al Barami and Hilal Al Busaidy
and one nominated by SV3, Andrew L. Waite. For more information, see the sections entitled "Director Election Proposal"
and "Management After the Business Combination--Management and Board of Directors." The appointment of the five
additional directors will be made by resolution of the board at or immediately after the closing of the Business Combination. 

 Accounting
Treatment 

 The
Business Combination will be accounted for under ASC 805. Pursuant to ASC 805, NESR has been determined to be the accounting acquirer
based on evaluation of the following facts and circumstances: 

 &#9679; 
 NESR
 is transferring cash via the use of funds within its Trust Account, issuing shares, and will be incurring liabilities to execute
 the Business Combination; 

 &#9679; 
 NESR's
 executive management will comprise the C-Suite of the combined company; 

 &#9679; 
 NESR
 has the right to designate 4 out of the 9 initial members of the board of directors of the combined company immediately after
 giving effect to the Business Combination. This provides a plurality for NESR with no other Company representing more than
 3 seats on the board. There are also no special voting rights conveyed in the Business Combination; 

 &#9679; 
 NESR
 was the entity that initiated the Business Combination; and 

 &#9679; 
 The
 headquarters of the combined company will be moved to NESR. 

 The
preponderance of the evidence discussed above supports the conclusion that NESR is the accounting acquirer in the Business Combination. 

 NPS
and GES both constitute businesses, with inputs, processes, and outputs. Accordingly, the acquisition of NPS and GES both constitute
the acquisition of a business for purposes of ASC 805, and due to the change in control of each of NPS and GES, will be accounted
for using the acquisition method. NESR will record the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed from NPS and GES. 

 Appraisal
Rights 

 Appraisal
rights are not available to our shareholders in connection with the Business Combination under the structure as presently contemplated .
 Exercising the right to redeem the shares purchased pursuant to the Business Combination Proposal is the only remedy for a
public shareholder. 

 Reasons
for the Business Combination 

 We
were organized for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization,
or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. The Business Combination was the result of a thorough
search for a potential transaction utilizing the extensive network and investing and operating experience of our management team
and Board of Directors. The terms of the Business Combination were the result of thorough negotiations between the representatives
of NESR, NPS and GES. 

 From
the date of our IPO through execution of the Stock Purchase Agreements on November 12, 2017, we developed a list of approximately
70 Oilfield Services & Equipment companies and considered and conducted analysis of approximately 35 potential acquisition
targets, of which we engaged in preliminary discussions with representatives of approximately 20 potential acquisition targets.
In doing so, we have followed the initial set of criteria and guidelines outlined in our IPO prospectus, which we believed were
important in evaluating prospective targets. Namely, we intended to focus our efforts on seeking and completing an initial Business
Combination with one or more target entities that have an enterprise value of between $600 million and $1.25 billion, although
a target entity with a smaller or larger enterprise value would be considered. We intended to use these criteria and guidelines
in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we also could decide to enter into our initial Business Combination with a target
business that did not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intended to acquire companies that we believed: 

 &#9679; 
 could
 utilize the extensive networks and insights we have built in the energy services industry; 

 &#9679; 
 are
 at an inflection point, such as requiring additional management expertise, are able to innovate through new operational techniques,
 or that we believe we can drive improved financial performance; 

 &#9679; 
 are
 fundamentally sound companies that are underperforming their potential as a result of the current low price of oil and corresponding
 services; 

 &#9679; 
 exhibit
 unrecognized value or other characteristics that we believe have been misevaluated by the marketplace; 

 &#9679; 
 need
 new technology ideas and/or tools to reveal the full potential of the companies; and 

 &#9679; 
 can
 enlarge its base of services and expand its geographical footprint from the current serving platform. 

 The
Board of Directors concluded that NPS and GES substantially met the above criteria. In particular, the Board of Directors considered
the following positive factors, although not weighted or presented in any order of significance: 

 Attractively
positioned in the oil-rich Middle East and North Africa (MENA region) . NESR's CEO Sherif Foda has years of experience
with Schlumberger in the MENA region. Substantially all of the operations of NPS and GES are in the MENA region, which has one
of the lowest cost of production for oil and gas. The Target Company Group has extensive networks and customers throughout the
MENA region. The Middle East remains among the most profitable regions for oil and gas services due to low development costs,
which helps to insulate the services activity from large global price swings. Overall Middle East drilling activity has not declined
materially over the last three years while, in comparison, the United States drilling rig count has dropped considerably, as evidenced
by the February 2018 Baker Hughes World Wide Rig Count Report stating that the monthly average Middle East rig count has dropped
less than 1% from January 2015 to December 2017 while the monthly average rig count in the United States dropped 50% over the
same three-year period. Furthermore, short-term projections expect drilling activity to continue to increase with expected increases
in spend by exploration and production companies across the region. This indicates that the fundamental drivers for activity will
be strong in the region. The senior management teams of both NPS and GES are expected to remain in their respective companies
and were keen to pursue the acquisition by NESR to gain access to new technologies and service methodologies/processes used in
the United States. The synergies expected to be generated from the acquisitions are anticipated to cause value to be realized
in the marketplace. The size of the Business Combination and proximity of operations offers attractive alternatives to potential
customers in India and Asia. 

 From
a macro market perspective, over the short term, the United States Energy Information Administration ("EIA") in its
Short Term Energy Outlook ("STEO") report published in April 2018 (https://www.eia.gov/outlooks/steo/archives/apr18.pdf)
estimates that U.S. crude oil production averaged 10.4 million barrels per day ("b/d") in March 2018, up 260,000 b/d
from the February 2018 level. Total U.S. crude oil production averaged 9.3 million b/d in 2017. EIA projects that U.S. crude oil
production will average 10.7 million b/d in 2018, which would mark the highest annual average U.S. crude oil production level,
surpassing the previous record of 9.6 million b/d set in 1970. EIA forecasts that 2019 crude oil production will again increase,
averaging 11.4 million b/d. EIA also states that commercial crude oil inventories in the United States fell lower than the previous
five-year average for the week ending March 16, 2018, the first time inventories were lower than the five year average since 2014.
Large inventory declines in the United States during the past year contributed to the 267 million barrel decline in total petroleum
inventories since January 2017 in countries in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ("OECD"),
which are estimated to be 2.8 billion barrels as of the end of March 2018. In the March STEO, EIA estimated that inventories
of global petroleum and other liquid fuels declined by 0.6 million b/d in 2017. Despite these supply developments, EIA estimates
that demand-side factors could have tempered some of the upward oil price pressures in recent weeks. Both the United States and
China announced potential tariffs on several billion dollars' worth of each other's goods in March 2018. A
slowdown in global trade could affect oil demand and presents downside risks to the global oil consumption forecast, although
the forecast was revised higher from EIA's previous STEO. EIA forecasts that global oil consumption will grow by 1.8 million
b/d in both 2018 and 2019. EIA forecasts Brent spot prices will average about $63/b in both 2018 and 2019 and estimated in its
March STEO that global inventories will grow by about 0.4 million b/d in 2018 and by another 0.3 million b/d in 2019. 

 Over
the long term, in the EIA annual report on International Energy Outlook for 2017 ("IEO2017"), in the reference
case used for projections in IEO2017 total world energy consumption rises by 28%. It further projects that in the reference
case most of the world's energy growth will occur in countries outside of the OECD, where strong, long-term economic growth
drives increasing demand for energy. In the long term, the IEO2017 projects increased world consumption of marketed energy from
all fuel sources--except coal, where demand is essentially flat--through 2040. Global natural gas consumption increases
by 1.4%/year. Abundant natural gas resources and rising production--including supplies of tight gas, shale gas, and coalbed
methane--contribute to the strong competitive position of natural gas. Liquid fuels--mostly petroleum-based--remain
the largest source of world energy consumption. However, the liquids share of world marketed energy consumption falls from 33%
in 2015 to 31% in 2040, as oil prices rise steadily, leading many energy users to adopt more energy-efficient technologies and
to switch away from liquid fuels when feasible. 

 IEO2017
projects world use of petroleum and other liquid fuels grows from 95 million b/d in 2015 to 104 million b/d in 2030 and to 113
million b/d in 2040. To satisfy the increase in world liquids demand in the IEO2017, petroleum and other liquid fuels production
increases by 16.1 million b/d from 2015 to 2040. The IEO2017 assumes that countries in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting
Countries ("OPEC") will invest in incremental production capacity to maintain a 39% 44% share of total world
liquids production through 2040, consistent with their share over the past 15 years with most of the increase coming from the
Middle East. To meet the growth in natural gas demand projected in the IEO2017, the world's natural gas producers increase
supplies by 42% from 2015 to 2040. The largest increases in natural gas production from 2015 to 2040 occur in the Middle East,
China, the United States and Russia. In Russia, production growth is supported primarily by increasing development of resources
in the country's Arctic and eastern regions. U.S. production growth comes mainly from shale resources. In China, most growth
in the long-term comes from the country's development of its shale resources, which are projected to account for more than
half of its total natural gas production in 2040. 

 Comprehensive
provider of services with scalable platform . Both the companies have a good match geographically and will complement each
other in product lines which have footprints across key markets. This will allow cross selling and allow NESR to build on the
considerable footprint of NPS as well as the services diversity of GES and strength of position in Oman. The combination will
also provide several opportunities to grow with addition of new technologies and will have a multiplier effect on the existing
portfolios. Each Target Company is at an inflection point in its development and is anticipated to exponentially benefit from
innovative operating techniques that NESR executives identify as available to improve operational and financial performance. Both
Target Companies have sound operations and their experienced management are expected to remain with NESR. Both Target Companies
have developed as private companies without exposure to the technologies of larger international service companies, and thus NESR
management believes that the inherent value of their businesses can be increased significantly with NESR's guidance. 

 GES
and NPS are a good match geographically . The Target Companies will complement each other's product lines, which both
have footprints across key markets. This will facilitate cross-selling and allow NESR to build on NPS's considerable footprint
as well as GES's services diversity and strength of position in Oman. The combination will also provide several opportunities
to grow with the addition of new technologies and will have a multiplier effect on the existing portfolios. NESR can expand that
footprint. 

 MENA
governments' overall drive to promote activities which will benefit their respective economies. Both NPS and GES originate
in the region and have contributed to the local economies, particularly in terms of in country value creation, employment and
growth. Their future growth is also in line with the same paradigm. Today the local service industry is a very small part of the
overall oilfield services market and has the potential to grow to about half of the total services market. 

 31 

 Top-tier
performers well respected by Customers in their region of operations. Both Target Companies have grown significantly over
the last decade and with their entrepreneurial spirit and enterprise, have created a notable position for themselves in the services
market in the MENA region. Both Target Companies have weathered very well the oil price downturn that began in 2014 and
have increased revenues over the last three years. 

 Terms
of the Stock Purchase Agreements and Contribution Agreement. NESR's Board of Directors reviewed the financial and other
terms of the Stock Purchase Agreements and the Contribution Agreement and determined that they were the product of arm's-length
negotiations among the parties. 

 Shareholder
approval. The NESR Board of Directors considered the fact that in connection with the Business Combination NESR shareholders
have the option to (i) remain shareholders of the combined company, (ii) sell their shares on the open market or (iii) redeem
their shares for the per share amount held in the Trust Account. 

 Backstop
Commitment. NESR has negotiated
an agreement with the Backstop Investor in which the Backstop Investor will commit to purchase additional NESR ordinary shares
at a price of $10.00-$11.244 per share to help fund the Business Combination and to cover redemptions in the event that any public
shareholders elect to have their NESR ordinary shares redeemed in connection with the Business Combination, up to a maximum of
$150 million. 

 Strong
liquidity profile. After giving effect to the Business Combination, NESR expects to have sufficient liquidity and financial
flexibility to fund NPS's and GES's growth requirements and pursue opportunistic acquisitions 

 Synergies.
 Following management's discussions with the Target Companies, management estimates that synergies generated from the
acquisitions may create greater than $40 million in annual revenue and additional savings through operating and capital synergies
which are expected to be realizable within three years of closing. 

 Opinion
of J.P. Morgan . Our board of directors considered the written opinion of J.P. Morgan dated November 12, 2017, that, as of
such date and based upon and subject to the various assumptions made, matters considered, and limitations described in its written
opinion, the consideration (as defined in the opinion) to be paid by NESR in the proposed Transaction (as defined in the opinion)
was fair, from a financial point of view, to the Company, as more fully described in the section "The Business Combination
Proposal - Opinion of J.P. Morgan." The full text of the opinion is included with this proxy statement. 

 Conditions
to Closing of the Business Combination 

 When
the NESR shareholders approve the Business Combination, there will be no other conditions to prevent NESR from closing. If shareholders
of GES withdraw distributions in excess of permitted distributions or breach similar conditions resulting in an improper removal
of assets, NESR could stop the acquisition, but such excess distribution also would constitute "Leakage" that would
permit an adjustment to the purchase price. Furthermore, NPS Shareholders are not permitted to withdraw distributions in excess
of permitted distributions or breach similar conditions resulting in an improper removal of assets. 

 Quorum
and Required Vote for Proposals at the Special Meeting in Lieu of an Annual Meeting 

 A
quorum of our shareholders is necessary to hold a valid meeting. A quorum will be present at the meeting if, at the commencement
of the meeting, there are present in person or by proxy not less than 50% of the votes attaching to the ordinary shares entitled
to vote on the resolutions at the meeting. Abstentions will count as present for the purposes of establishing a quorum. Broker
non-votes will not be counted for the purpose of determining the existence of a quorum. 

 Approval
of the Business Combination Proposal, the NASDAQ Proposal, the Incentive Plan Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal requires the
affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by shareholders present in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting
in lieu of an annual meeting. Accordingly, a NESR shareholder's failure to attend by proxy or in person at the special meeting
in lieu of an annual meeting or the failure of a NESR shareholder who holds his or her shares in "street name" through
a broker or other nominee to give voting instructions to such broker or other nominee (a "broker non-vote") will result
in that shareholder's shares not being counted towards the number of NESR ordinary shares required to validly establish
a quorum, but if a valid quorum is otherwise established, it will have no effect on the outcome of any vote on the Business Combination
Proposal, the NASDAQ Proposal, the Incentive Plan Proposal or the Adjournment Proposal. Abstentions will be counted in connection
with the determination of whether a valid quorum is established but will have no effect on the outcome of the Business Combination
Proposal, the NASDAQ Proposal, the Incentive Plan Proposal or the Adjournment Proposal. 

 Approval
of the Director Election Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by shareholders present in person
or represented by proxy at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. This means that each of the two nominees will be
elected if approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by shareholders present in person or represented by
proxy at the meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on the election of directors. 

 The
transactions contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreements will be consummated only if the Business Combination Proposal is approved
at the Meeting. In addition, the Incentive Plan Proposal and the NASDAQ Proposal are conditioned on the approval of the Business
Combination Proposal. The Director Election Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal are not conditioned on the approval of any other
proposal set forth in this proxy statement. If we do not consummate the Business Combination and fail to complete an initial Business
Combination by May 17, 2019 (or such earlier date as may be determined by the board in its sole discretion), we will be required
to dissolve and liquidate our trust account by returning the then remaining funds in such account to the public shareholders,
less liquidation costs permitted by our IPO. 

 Recommendation
to NESR Shareholders 

 Our
Board of Directors believes that each of the Business Combination Proposal, the Director Election Proposal, the NASDAQ Proposal,
the Incentive Plan Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal to be presented at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting is
in the best interests of the Company and our shareholders and recommends that our shareholders vote "FOR" each of
these proposals. 

 Risk
Factors 

 In
evaluating the proposals set forth in this proxy statement, you should carefully read this proxy statement, including the annexes,
and especially consider the factors discussed in the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page 38, as well
as in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

 32 

 SELECTED
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF NESR 

 The
following table shows selected historical financial information of NESR for the periods and as of the dates indicated. The selected
historical financial information of NESR for the period from January 23, 2017 (inception) to December 31, 2017 and as of December
31, 2017 was derived from the audited historical financial statements of NESR included elsewhere in this proxy statement. The
following table should be read in conjunction with "NESR Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations of NESR" and our historical financial statements and the notes and schedules related thereto,
included elsewhere in this proxy statement. 

 For
 the Period from 
 January 23, 2017 
 (inception) through 
 December 31, 2017 

 Operating
 Data: 

 Operating
 costs 
 
 $ 
 4,214,790 

 Loss
 from operations 

 (4,214,790 
 ) 

 Other
 income (expense): 

 Interest
 income 

 1,343,523 

 Change
 in fair value of deferred underwriting fee liability 

 10,036 

 Unrealized
 loss on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

 (2,800 
 ) 
 
 Net
 loss 
 
 $ 
 (2,864,031) 

 Weighted
 average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) 

 9,552,022 

 Basic
 and diluted net loss per common share (2) 
 
 $ 
 (0.40 
 ) 

 (1) 
 Excludes
 an aggregate of up to 16,921,700 shares subject to redemption at December 31, 2017. 

 (2) 
 Net
 loss per ordinary share basic and diluted excludes interest income attributable to ordinary shares subject to redemption
 of $986,991 for the period from January 23, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017. 

 As
 of 
 December 31, 2017 

 Balance
 Sheet Data: 

 Total
 assets 
 
 $ 
 231,422,540 

 Total
 liabilities 
 
 $ 
 12,496,729 

 Ordinary
 shares subject to possible redemption, 16,921,700 shares at redemption value 
 
 $ 
 164,281,449 

 Total
 shareholders' equity 
 
 $ 
 54,644,362 

 33 

 SELECTED
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF NPS 

 We
are providing the following selected financial information of NPS to assist you in your analysis of the financial aspects of the
Business Combination. NPS reports its operations on a calendar year with its fiscal year ending on December 31. The consolidated
statements of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, and the balance sheet data as of December
31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 have been derived from NPS's audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere
in this proxy statement. 

 The
historical results presented below are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. This information
should be read in conjunction with "Risk Factors," "NPS Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and NPS's consolidated financial statements and the related
notes included elsewhere in this proxy statement. 

 Fiscal
 Year Ended 

 December
 31, 2017 
 December
 31, 2016 
 December
 31, 2015 

 (in
 thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Statement
 of Operating Data: 

 Revenues,
 net 
 $ 271,324 
 $ 224,115 
 $ 203,715 
 
 Cost of services 
 (200,149 ) 
 (157,382 ) 
 (138,890 ) 
 
 Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 
 (30,336 ) 
 (25,954 ) 
 (28,911 ) 
 
 Operating
 income 
 40,232 
 18,116 
 12,331 
 
 Net
 income 
 28,353 
 8,350 
 5,113 
 
 Net
 income attributable to stockholders, net of tax 
 $ 30,626 
 $ 8,543 
 $ 5,187 

 Earnings per
 common share: 

 Basic 
 $ 0.09 
 $ 0.02 
 $ 0.02 
 
 Diluted 
 $ 0.08 
 $ 0.02 
 $ 0.01 

 Weighted average
 number of common shares outstanding: 

 Basic 
 342,250,000 
 340,932,192 
 333,000,000 
 
 Diluted 
 370,000,000 
 368,682,192 
 370,000,000 

 Dividends
 per share 
 $ 0.05 
 $ - 
 $ - 

 As
 of the Fiscal Year Ended 

 December
 31, 2017 
 December
 31, 2016 
 December
 31, 2015 

 (in
 thousands) 
 
 Balance
 Sheet Data: 

 Total
 assets 
 $ 619,572 
 $ 602,910 
 $ 602,298 
 
 Total
 liabilities 
 $ 230,143 
 $ 220,829 
 $ 227,614 
 
 Working
 capital 
 $ 99,398 
 $ 102,044 
 $ 98,025 
 
 Total
 stockholders' equity 
 $ 389,429 
 $ 382,081 
 $ 374,684 

 34 

 SELECTED
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF GES 

 We
are providing the following selected financial information of GES to assist you in your analysis of the financial aspects of the
Business Combination. GES reports its operations on a calendar year with fiscal year ending on December 31, and the selected financial
data of GES has been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board. The consolidated statements of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, and the
balance sheet data as of December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 have been derived from GES's audited consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this proxy statement. 

 The
historical results presented below are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. This information
should be read in conjunction with "Risk Factors," "GES Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations," and GES's consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere
in this proxy statement. All amounts are denominated in Rial Omani ("RO"). 

 Fiscal
 Year Ended 

 December
 31, 2017 
 December
 31, 2016 
 December
 31, 2015 

 (in
 thousands) 
 
 Operating
 Data: 

 Net
 revenue 
 RO 71,734 
 RO 79,601 
 RO 81,284 
 
 Direct
 costs 
 (20,902 ) 
 (26,586 ) 
 (28,894 ) 
 
 Staff
 costs 
 (19,869 ) 
 (19,898 ) 
 (20,994 ) 
 
 Gross
 profit 
 22,417 
 23,158 
 22,180 
 
 Net
 profit and total comprehensive income for the year 
 14,006 
 12,311 
 12,097 
 
 Net
 profit and total comprehensive income attributable to shareholders 
 RO 12,348 
 RO 10,388 
 RO 10,420 

 As
 of the Fiscal Year Ended 

 December
 31, 2017 

 December
 31, 2016 

 December
 31, 2015 

 (in
 thousands) 

 Balance
 Sheet Data: 

 Total
 assets 
 
 RO 
 89,414 

 RO 
 130,296 

 RO 
 124,731 

 Total
 liabilities 
 
 RO 
 46,777 

 RO 
 63,011 

 RO 
 69,757 

 Working
 capital 
 
 RO 
 1,770 

 RO 
 25,802 

 RO 
 12,189 

 Total
 equity 
 
 RO 
 42,637 

 RO 
 67,285 

 RO 
 54,974 

 35 

 SELECTED
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

 The following selected
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information (the "selected pro forma data") gives effect to the Business
Combination and the Backstop Commitment described in the section entitled "Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined
Financial Information." Each of the acquisitions of NPS and GES will be accounted for as a business combination using the
acquisition method of accounting under the provisions of ASC 805. The selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance
sheet data as of December 31, 2017 gives effect to the Business Combination and the Backstop Commitment as if they had
occurred on December 31, 2017. The selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations data for the year ended
December 31, 2017 gives effect to the Business Combination and the Forward Purchase as if they had occurred on January 1, 2017. 

 The selected pro forma
data have been derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, the more detailed unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information appearing elsewhere in this proxy statement. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information
is based upon, and should be read in conjunction with, the historical consolidated financial statements and related notes of each
of NESR, NPS and GES for the applicable periods included in this proxy statement. The selected pro forma data has been presented
for informational purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of what the combined company's financial position or
results of operations would have been had the Business Combination and the Backstop Commitment been completed as of the
dates indicated. In addition, the selected pro forma data do not purport to project the future financial position or operating
results of the combined company. Also, as explained in more detail in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information,
the preliminary fair values of assets acquired, and liabilities assumed reflected in the selected pro forma data are subject to
adjustment and may vary significantly from the fair values that will be recorded upon completion of the Business Combination and
the Backstop Commitment. 

 Combined
 Pro Forma 

 Assuming
 Minimum Redemptions 
 Assuming
 Maximum Redemptions 

 (in
 thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Selected
 Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations Data 

 Year Ended December
 31, 2017 

 Revenues 
 $ 457,888 
 $ 457,888 
 
 Net earnings per share basic 
 $ 0.68 
 $ 0.73 
 
 Net earnings per
 share - diluted 
 $ 0.68 
 $ 0.73 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding
 - basic 
 96,279,872 
 89,443,091 
 
 Weighted average
 shares outstanding - diluted 
 96,279,872 
 89,443,091 
 
 Selected
 Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet Data 

 As of December 31,
 2017 

 Total
 assets 
 $ 1,330,002 
 $ 1,263,361 
 
 Total
 liabilities 
 $ 478,500 
 $ 478,500 
 
 Total
 equity 
 $ 851,502 
 $ 784,861 

 36 

 NON-GAAP
FINANCIAL MEASURE 

 Adjusted
EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure and should not be considered as a substitute for net income (loss), operating income (loss)
or any other performance measure derived in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP")
or as an alternative to net cash provided by operating activities as a measure of NESR, NPS or GES's profitability or liquidity.
NESR, NPS and GES's management believes Adjusted EBITDA is useful because it allows external users of its financial statements,
such as industry analysts, investors, lenders and rating agencies, to more effectively evaluate their operating performance, compare
the results of their operations from period to period and against NESR, NPS and GES's peers without regard to their financing
methods and capital structure and because it highlights trends in their business that may not otherwise be apparent when relying
solely on GAAP measures. NESR, NPS and GES define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation,
amortization and impairment. Furthermore, Free Cash Flow is defined as Net Income plus Depreciation and Amortization less Capital
Expenditures. NESR, NPS and GES's management believes Free Cash Flow is an important measure of liquidity and the company's
ability to fund their operations and growth in the future and is used by analysts, investors when comparing investment alternatives. 

 CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 We
make forward-looking statements in this proxy statement. These forward-looking statements relate to expectations for future financial
performance, business strategies or expectations for our business, and the timing of and our ability to complete the Business
Combination. Specifically, forward-looking statements may include statements relating to: 

 &#9679; 
 the
 benefits of the Business Combination; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 future financial performance of the Company following the Business Combination; 

 &#9679; 
 expansion
 plans and opportunities; and 

 &#9679; 
 other
 statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words "estimate," "plan," "project,"
 "forecast," intend," "expect," "anticipate," "believe," "seek,"
 "target," "estimate," "may," "should," "could," "will,"
 "would," or similar expressions although not all forward looking statements contain these words. 

 These
forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this proxy statement, and current expectations,
estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. While we believe
these expectations, and the estimates and projections on which they are based, are reasonable and were made in good faith, these
statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, our actual outcomes and results may differ materially
from what we have expressed or forecasted, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of
any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under
applicable securities laws. 

 You
should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in deciding how to vote your proxy, instruct how your vote
should be cast or vote your shares on the proposals set forth in this proxy statement. As a result of a number of known and unknown
risks and uncertainties, our actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in the section entitled
"Risk Factors." Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include: 

 &#9679; 
 the
 occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Stock Purchase Agreements;

 &#9679; 
 the
 outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against NESR following announcement of the Business Combination and
 transactions contemplated thereby; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 inability to complete the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination due to the failure to obtain approval of the
 shareholders of NESR, or to satisfy the other conditions to closing contained in the Stock Purchase Agreements; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 inability to maintain the listing of the Company's ordinary shares on the NASDAQ Capital Market following the Business
 Combination; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 risk that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations as a result of the announcement and consummation
 of the transactions described herein; 

 &#9679; 
 success
 in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following the Business Combination; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, the
 price of oil, natural gas, natural gas liquids, competition and the ability of the combined business to grow and manage growth
 profitably; 

 &#9679; 
 costs
 related to the Business Combination; 

 &#9679; 
 changes
 in applicable laws or regulations; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 possibility that NESR may be adversely affected by other economic and market conditions, political disturbances, war, terrorist
 acts, international currency fluctuations, business, and/or competitive factors; and 

 &#9679; 
 other
 risks and uncertainties indicated in this proxy statement, including those described under "Risk Factors." 

 37 

 RISK
FACTORS 

 The
following risk factors apply to the business and operations of NPS. GES, NESR, the Business Combination and the business and operations
of the combined company following the completion of the Business Combination. These risk factors are not exhaustive. Shareholders
are encouraged to perform their own investigation with respect to the business, financial condition and prospects of NESR. You
should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information included in this proxy statement. In particular,
please refer to the section entitled "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" in this proxy
statement as well as in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. We may face additional
risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, which may also impair our business.
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes to the financial statements included
herein. For the purposes of these risk factors, unless otherwise indicated, the term "NPS" refers to NPS Holdings
Limited, together with its consolidated subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities, the term "GES" refers to
Gulf Energy S.A.O.C., together with its consolidated subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities, the term "Target
Companies" refer to NPS and GES, the terms "we," "us," "our" or "NESR" and
the "Company" refer to National Energy Services Reunited Corp., and the term "combined company" refers
to the combined company following the Business Combination. 

 Risks
Relating to NPS' and GES' Business and Operations 

 Trends
in oil and natural gas prices affect the level of exploration, development, and production activity of the customers of the Target
Companies and the demand for their services and products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated
results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 

 Demand
for the services and products of the Target Companies is particularly sensitive to the level of exploration, development, and
production activity of, and the corresponding capital spending by, oil and natural gas companies. The level of exploration, development,
and production activity is directly affected by trends in oil and natural gas prices, which historically have been volatile and
are likely to continue to be volatile. Prices for oil and natural gas are subject to large fluctuations in response to relatively
minor changes in the supply of and demand for oil and natural gas, market uncertainty, and a variety of other economic factors
that are beyond our control. Crude oil prices have fluctuated significantly since 2014, with West Texas Intermediate ("WTI")
oil spot prices declining from a high of $108 per barrel in June 2014 to a low of $26 per barrel in February 2016, a level which
has not been experienced since 2003. The substantial decline in oil and natural gas prices has led to a significant decrease in
spending by oil and natural gas companies and further declines in oil and natural gas prices could lead to further cuts in spending.
Although crude oil prices increased during 2017 and 2018 and remained relatively steady, market reports indicate prices are not
expected to increase materially higher in the remainder of 2018. The prolonged reduction in oil and natural gas prices depressed
levels of exploration, development, and production activity from 2014 through 2017 and year to date 2018, and prolonged further
reductions could have a material adverse effect the business of the Target Companies, their consolidated results of operations
and their consolidated financial condition. Should current market conditions worsen or persist for an extended period of time,
the Target Companies may be required to record additional asset impairments, which could have a material adverse impact on their
operating results. Even the perception of longer-term lower oil and natural gas prices by oil and natural gas companies can result
in the reduction or deferral of major expenditures given the long-term nature of many large-scale development projects. 

 Factors
affecting the prices of oil and natural gas include: 

 &#9679; 
 the
 global and regional level of supply and demand for oil and natural gas including liquefied natural gas imports and exports;

 &#9679; 
 governmental
 regulations, including the policies of governments regarding the exploration for and production and development of their oil
 and natural gas reserves, including environmental regulations; 

 &#9679; 
 weather
 conditions and natural disasters; 

 &#9679; 
 worldwide
 political, military, and economic conditions; 

 38 

 &#9679; 
 the
 ability or willingness of the OPEC to set and maintain oil production levels and quotas
 and member country compliance with quotas; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 level of oil and gas production by non-OPEC countries; 

 &#9679; 
 oil
 refining capacity and shifts in end-customer preferences toward fuel efficiency and the use of natural gas; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 cost of producing and delivering oil and natural gas; 

 &#9679; 
 technological
 advances affecting energy consumption; and 

 &#9679; 
 potential
 acceleration of the development of alternative fuels. 

 The
Target Companies operate in multiple countries across the Middle East, Asia and North Africa. Therefore, their operations will
be subject to political and economic instability and risk of government actions that could have a material adverse effect on their
businesses, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. They will be exposed to risks inherent in
doing business in each of the countries in which they operate. Their operations will be subject to various risks unique to each
country that could have a material adverse effect on their businesses, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial
condition. With respect to any particular country, these risks may include but are not limited to: 

 &#9679; 
 civil
 unrest, acts of terrorism, force majeure, war, other armed conflict, and sanctions; 

 &#9679; 
 recent
 efforts toward modernization in the region could have unanticipated consequences to cause unrest or political change that
 could cause loss of contracts 

 &#9679; 
 inflation;

 &#9679; 
 currency
 fluctuations, devaluations, and conversion restrictions; 

 &#9679; 
 government
 actions that may result in expropriation and nationalization of assets in that country; 

 &#9679; 
 confiscatory
 taxation or other adverse tax policies; 

 &#9679; 
 actions
 that limit or disrupt markets or our operations, restrict payments, limit the movement of funds or; 

 &#9679; 
 result
 in the deprivation of contract rights; and 

 &#9679; 
 actions
 that result in the inability to obtain or retain licenses required for operation. 

 For
example, due to the unsettled political conditions in many oil-producing countries, the operations, revenue, and profits of the
Target Companies will be subject to the adverse consequences of war, the effects of terrorism, civil unrest, strikes, currency
controls, and governmental actions. These and other risks described above could result in the loss of their personnel or assets,
cause them to evacuate their personnel from certain countries, cause them to increase spending on security worldwide, cause them
to cease operating in certain countries, disrupt financial and commercial markets, including the supply of and pricing for oil
and natural gas, disrupt the supply of equipment required to operate in a country, result in labor shortages and generate greater
political and economic instability in some of the geographic areas in which they operate. The Target Companies operate throughout
the Middle East and in parts of Asia, and North Africa that have significant risk of instability. Any possible reprisals as a
consequence of military or other action, such as acts of terrorism in the United States or elsewhere, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 

 39 

 The
Target Companies operate in multiple countries and earn revenue in different currencies and as such may be exposed to risks arising
from fluctuating exchange rates and currency control restrictions which may limit their ability to reinvest earnings from operations
in one country to fund the capital needs of their operations in other countries or to repatriate assets from some countries. 

 A
sizable portion of the Target Companies' consolidated revenue and consolidated operating expenses is in foreign currencies.
As a result, the Target Companies will be subject to significant risks, including: 

 &#9679; 
 foreign
 currency exchange risks resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the implementation of exchange controls;
 and 

 &#9679; 
 potential
 limitations that might be imposed on their ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the capital
 needs of our operations in other countries. 

 Changes
in or new interpretations of tax laws and currency/repatriation controls could impact the determination of our income tax liabilities
for a tax year. 

 The
Target Companies have operations in approximately 12 countries. Consequently, they are subject to the jurisdiction of a significant
number of taxing authorities. The income earned in these various jurisdictions is taxed on differing bases, including net income
actually earned, net income deemed earned, and revenue-based tax withholding. The final determination of their income tax liabilities
involves the interpretation of local tax laws, tax treaties, and related authorities in each jurisdiction, as well as the significant
use of estimates and assumptions regarding the scope of future operations and results achieved and the timing and nature of income
earned and expenditures incurred. Changes in the operating environment, including changes in or new interpretations of tax law
and currency/repatriation controls, could impact the determination of the Target Companies' income tax liabilities for the
year. Moreover, some local tax benefits that may be available to companies formed in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries,
which may have been available to the Target Companies, may not be afforded to them after they are acquired by NESR. 

 In
June 2016, the GCC countries agreed to impose a value added tax ("VAT") across member states. In February 2017, Saudi
Arabia ratified the GCC VAT framework and committed to introduce VAT effective January 1, 2018. VAT will be introduced at a standard
rate of 5% across the GCC. However, some of the goods and services may be exempted from the charge of VAT or taxed at a rate of
zero percent. Detailed bookkeeping requirements have also yet to be made available, but the FAQs confirm the anticipated need
for businesses to factor into their processes the timeliness and completeness of their financial and business records. This includes
collecting invoices and accounting for the goods or services bought and sold, as well as the VAT paid and charged going forward. 

 Lack
of consolidation in a taxpaying jurisdiction prevents offsetting some losses against taxable profits. 

 NESR
is a British Virgin Islands ("BVI") corporation in a non-taxation country. Therefore, for tax purposes, annual losses
in one Target Company cannot be offset against profits in another Target Company to reduce consolidated tax liabilities. Moreover,
annual losses by subsidiaries of a Target Company may not be offset against taxable profits in another jurisdiction. 

 The
owners of NESR ordinary shares are subject to tax risks due to the possibility of changes in tax rules and regulations in foreign
countries. 

 The
BVI does not impose income taxes on BVI companies for dividends received or subsidiary operating profits. The law could change
to impose such taxes. In addition, the Target Companies operate in many countries that have different tax rates and systems which
may change including jurisdictions that do not impose tax on corporations. U.S. shareholders must report on their tax returns
all investments in foreign stocks, including ordinary shares. 

 40 

 The
businesses of the Target Companies are dependent on capital spending by their customers, and reductions in capital spending could
have a material adverse effect on their businesses, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 

 The
businesses of the Target Companies are directly affected by changes in capital expenditures by their customers and reductions
in their customers' capital spending could reduce demand for services and products of the Target Companies and have a material
adverse effect on their businesses, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. Most of the contracts
of the Target Companies can be cancelled or renegotiated by their customers at any time. Some of the items that may impact the
Target Companies' customer's capital spending include: 

 &#9679; 
 oil
 and natural gas prices, including volatility of oil and natural gas prices and expectations regarding future prices; 

 &#9679; 
 changes
 in government incentives and tax regimes; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 inability of our customers to access capital on economically favorable terms (including the anticipated capital markets transaction
 by Saudi Aramco); 

 &#9679; 
 the
 consolidation of our customers; 

 &#9679; 
 customer
 personnel changes; and 

 &#9679; 
 adverse
 developments in the business or operations of our customers, including write-downs of reserves and borrowing base reductions
 under customer credit facilities. 

 As
a result of the decreases in commodity prices, many of the customers of the Target Company businesses reduced capital spending
in 2017 and may continue to reduce their capital spending budgets in 2018. The short-term tenor of most of our contracts and the
extreme financial stress experienced by our customers have combined to generate demands by many of our customers for reductions
in the prices of our products and services. With respect to national oil company customers, the Target Companies are also subject
to risk of policy, regime, currency and budgetary changes, all of which may affect their capital expenditures. Commodity process
are expected to remain range bound, with limited prospects for rising prices and continued risk of further reductions, which may
result in further capital budget reductions in the future. 

 If
the Target Companies are unable to comply with the restrictions and covenants in their debt agreements, they could default under
the terms of such agreements, which could result in an acceleration of repayment. 

 If
the Target Companies are unable to comply with the restrictions and covenants in their debt agreements, most of which are secured,
they could default under the terms of these agreements. The Target Companies' ability to comply with these restrictions
and covenants, including meeting financial ratios and tests, may be affected by events beyond their control. As a result, the
Target Companies cannot assure that they will be able to comply with these restrictions and covenants or meet such financial ratios
and tests. 

 If
the Target Companies are unable to generate sufficient cash flow and are otherwise unable to obtain funds necessary to meet required
payments of principal, premium (if any), and interest on their indebtedness, or if the Target Companies otherwise fail to comply
with the various covenants, including financial and operating covenants in the instruments governing their indebtedness they could
default under the terms of the agreements governing such indebtedness. In the event of such a default, the holders of such indebtedness
could elect to declare all the funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest, the
lenders under the Target Companies' debt agreements could terminate their commitments to lend, cease making further loans,
seize collateral and institute foreclosure proceedings against their assets, and the Target Companies could be forced into bankruptcy
or liquidation. If any of these events occur, the assets of the Target Companies might not be sufficient to repay in full all
of their outstanding indebtedness and the Target Companies may be unable to find alternative financing. Even if the Target Companies
could obtain alternative financing, it might not be on terms that are favorable or acceptable to the Target Companies. Additionally,
the Target Companies may not be able to amend their debt agreements or obtain needed waivers on satisfactory terms. 

 41 

 To
service their indebtedness, the Target Companies may require a significant amount of cash, and the Target Companies' ability
to generate cash will depend on many factors beyond their control. 

 The
Target Companies' ability to make payments on and to refinance their indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures
depends in part on their ability to generate cash in the future. NPS's and GES's growth and capital expenditure plan
require substantial capital, and any inability to obtain such capital could lead to a decline in the ability of the Target Companies
to sustain their current business, access new service markets or grow their business. The ability of the Target Companies to service
their indebtedness is, to a certain extent, subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other
factors that are beyond their control. The Target Companies cannot provide assurance that they will generate sufficient cash flow
from operations that they will realize operating improvements on schedule, or that future borrowings will be available to them
in an amount sufficient to enable them to service and repay their indebtedness or to fund their other liquidity needs. If the
Target Companies are unable to satisfy their debt obligations, they may have to undertake alternative financing plans, such as: 

 &#9679; 
 refinancing
 or restructuring their debt; 

 &#9679; 
 selling
 assets; 

 &#9679; 
 reducing
 or delaying capital investments; or 

 &#9679; 
 seeking
 to raise additional capital. 

 For
a period after the consummation of the Business Combination, collection of receivables from work performed may not be sufficient
to fund working capital needs. NESR has arranged financing pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement in anticipation of the Target
Companies' projected cash requirements, but events beyond the Target Companies' control could cause cash collection
to be less than projected and cause the Target Companies not to meet their debt obligations. 

 The
Target Companies cannot provide assurance that any additional refinancing or debt restructuring would be possible, that any assets
could be sold or that, if sold, the timing of the sales and the amount of proceeds realized from those sales would be favorable
to them or that additional financing could be obtained on acceptable terms. The Target Companies' inability to generate
sufficient cash flows to satisfy their debt obligations, or to obtain alternative financing, could materially and adversely affect
their businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

 Material
weaknesses have been identified in the Target Companies internal control over financial reporting. 

 In
connection with the preparation of Target Companies' consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December
31, 2015, 2016 and 2017, management of NPS and separately GES identified material weaknesses in internal controls over their financial
reporting that remain unremediated. Specifically, the Target Companies both have deficiencies in the financial statement close
process. Furthermore, NPS and GES lack the expertise with respect to the application of US GAAP. 

 The
Target Companies are not and were not required to perform an evaluation of internal control over financial reporting as of and
for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017 in accordance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Had such an
evaluation been performed, additional control deficiencies may have been identified by NPS and GES management, and those control
deficiencies could have also represented one or more material weaknesses. 

 If
the abovementioned material weaknesses are not remediated prior to the closing of the Business Combination or if additional material
weaknesses are identified in the future, a material weakness may exist in internal control over financial reporting of the post-combination
company subsequent to the closing of the Business Combination. 

 The
Target Companies have begun taking measures to remediate the underlying causes of the material weaknesses and intends to complete
this remediation process as quickly as possible. However, the Target Companies cannot at this time estimate whether this remediation
process will be complete prior to the closing of the Business Combination. If the Target Companies are unable to successfully
remediate these material weaknesses prior to the closing of the Business Combination, the post-combination company could be unable
to report financial results accurately on a timely basis. Any failure to timely provide required financial information could materially
and adversely impact the post-combination company, including the loss of investor confidence or delisting and cause the market
price of our common stock to decline. 

 The
failure of the Target Companies to maintain accounting controls and safeguards adequate for public company reporting prior to
the consummation of the Business Combination could result in the discovery of losses not reflected in their financial statements . 

 The
Target Companies do not maintain accounting policies and practices or internal controls over financial reporting commensurate
with that of public companies in the United States. In addition, the Target Companies currently may not have a complement of personnel
with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in the accounting policies, practices or internal controls over
financial reporting required of public companies in the United States and US GAAP. The development and implementation of the standards
and controls necessary for the Target Companies to achieve the level of accounting standards required of a public company in the
United States may require costs greater than expected by NESR. Furthermore, any failure to implement required policies, practices
and improved controls over our financial processes and reporting, or difficulties encountered in the implementation of such policies,
practices or improved controls, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior
internal accounting controls could also cause shareholders and potential investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our shares. 

 42 

 The
Target Companies' borrowings under the Company Facility Agreement, Murabaha Facility Agreements, Ahli Bank Facility and
the Tasneea Working Capital Facility exposes it to interest rate risk. 

 The
Target Companies' earnings are exposed to interest rate risk associated with borrowings under its Company Facilities Agreement,
the $150 million Murabaha Facility Agreement, the Ahli Bank Facility, the Tasneea Working Capital Facility, and the $50 million
Murabaha Facility Agreement. Each of these facilities requires the payment of floating interest rates based upon short-term interest
rate indices. If interest rates increase, so will the Target Companies' interest costs, which may have a material adverse
effect on their financial condition and results of operations. 

 The
geographic concentration of the customers of the Target Companies exposes them to the risks of the regional economy and other
regional adverse conditions. The credit risks of the Target Companies' concentrated customer base in the energy industry
could result in losses. In addition, the Target Companies depend on a small number of customers for a significant portion of their
revenues. Therefore, the loss of these customers could result in a decline in each company's revenues and adversely affect
each company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 The
primary customers of the Target Companies are in the Middle East and North Africa and all are in the energy industry. Among the
Target Companies' customers are National Oil Companies ("NOC"). Given the importance of national oil companies,
which dominate the regions petroleum industry, the operations of the Target Companies are more susceptible to regional economic,
budgetary and political conditions than other more geographically diversified competitors. Any changes in market conditions, unforeseen
circumstances, or other events affecting the area in which the Target Companies' assets are located could have a material
adverse effect on their businesses, operating result, and financial condition. 

 In
addition, as of December 31, 2017, approximately 45% of NPS' revenues came from one major customer in the region.
Furthermore, during the years 2015, 2016 and 2017, a substantial portion of GES's revenues came from one major customer.
Given the terms of GES's contracts with the major customer, there remains a risk that the major customer may terminate one
or more of such contracts and/or not continue to engage GES in the same manner, or to the same level, as has been the case historically.
 The
loss of all or even a portion of the business from the major customer, the failure to extend or replace the contracts with the
major customer, or the extension or replacement of such contracts on less favorable terms, as a result of competition or otherwise,
could adversely affect GES's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, certain key personnel at
GES, Messrs., Hilal Al Busaidy and Yasser Al Barami, who have established relationships with the major customer have agreed to
remain on the Board of Directors of NESR and we expect that they will use their efforts to maintain these relationships. 

 Over
70% of the revenue of NPS and GES collectively are attributable to five major oil company customers. The loss of all or even a
portion of the business from these key customers, the failure to extend or replace the contracts with these key customers, or
the extension or replacement of such contracts on less favorable terms, as a result of competition or otherwise, could adversely
affect the Target Companies' financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. 

 NESR
will assume loan obligations which will expose it to the risks and obligations contained in such loan agreements 

 Our
Sponsor has borrowed funds from the GES Investors pursuant to Loan Contracts in order to purchase stock of GES. The terms of the
loans allow our Sponsor to assign the loans to NESR, in which case NESR would assume the obligations of our Sponsor under the
Loan Contracts. Under the Loan Contracts, the GES Investors may elect to have their loans repaid with NESR ordinary shares after
shareholder approval of the Business Combination. If any GES Minority Shareholder elects not to receive NESR stock, then NESR
may either transfer the GES stock to the GES Minority Shareholder or pay the loan principal and interest in cash, in which case
different interest rates may apply. In the event that any or all of the GES Investors elect not to receive NESR ordinary shares
at $10.00 per share, then NESR will be required to either pay cash to satisfy the Loan Contracts, or transfer GES shares to those
GES Investors and be left owning less than 100% of GES. Repayment of the loans with cash has not been anticipated in cash flow
projections because all of the GES Investors have expressed a preference for repayment in NESR ordinary shares. 

 43 

 The
Target Companies are exposed to the credit risk of their customers and counterparties, and a general increase in the delay or
nonpayment and nonperformance by their customers could have an adverse effect on their financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows. 

 The
Target Companies are subject to risks of loss resulting from non-payment or non-performance by their customers and other counterparties.
For example, for NPS, day's sales outstanding increased from 117 days in 2015 to 125 days in 2016. It decreased further
to 110 days as of December 31, 2017. Customers may also delay payments by imposing complex administrative processes, by disputing
or rejecting invoices, or through other means. Any increase in the non-payment and non-performance by the customers of the Target
Companies could adversely affect their financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Additionally, equity values for
many of the customers of the Target Companies continue to be low. The combination of a reduction of cash flow resulting from lower
commodity prices, a reduction in borrowing bases under reserve-based credit facilities and the lack of availability of debt or
equity financing may result in a significant reduction in the liquidity of the Target Companies' customers and their ability
to make payment or perform on their obligations to the Target Companies. Furthermore, some of the customers of the Target Companies
may be leveraged and subject to their own operating and regulatory risks, which increases the risk that they may default on their
obligations to the Target Companies. 

 Actions
of and disputes with any joint venture partners of the Target Companies could have a material adverse effect on their businesses
and results of operations of their joint ventures and, in turn, their business and consolidated results of operations. 

 The
Target Companies conduct some operations through joint ventures, where control may be shared with unaffiliated third parties.
As with any joint venture arrangement, differences in views among the joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions
or in failures to agree on major issues. The Target Companies also cannot control the actions of their joint venture partners,
including any non-performance, default, or bankruptcy of their joint venture partners. These factors could have a material adverse
effect on the business and results of operations of their joint ventures and, in turn, their business and consolidated results
of operations. 

 If
the Target Companies are unable to keep pace with technology developments in the industry, this could adversely affect their ability
to maintain or grow market share. 

 NESR
intends to introduce and integrate new technologies and procedures used by large U.S. based oil field service companies. The oilfield
service industry is highly competitive and dominated by a few large players that have resources to invest in new technologies.
The ability of the Target Companies to continually provide competitive technology and services can impact their ability to defend,
maintain or increase prices for their services, maintain market share, and negotiate acceptable contract terms with their customers.
If they are unable to continue to acquire or develop competitive technology or deliver it to their clients in a timely and cost-competitive
manner in the various markets they serve, it could adversely affect their financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. 

 Limitations
on the Target Companies' ability to protect their intellectual property rights, including their trade secrets, could cause
a loss in revenue and any competitive advantage. 

 Some
of the Target Companies' products or services, and the processes they use to produce or provide products and services, constitute
trade secrets and confidential know how. The Target Companies may lose employees who have important trade secrets and who may
not be prohibited in the relevant countries from using such trade secrets to compete. The businesses of the Target Companies may
be adversely affected if any acquired patents are unenforceable, the claims allowed under their patents are not sufficient to
protect their technology, their patent applications are denied, or their trade secrets are not adequately protected. In addition,
competitors of the Target Companies may be able to develop technology independently that is similar to the technology used by
the Target Companies without infringing on their patents or gaining access to their trade secrets, which could adversely affect
their financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 44 

 The
Target Companies may be subject to litigation if another party claims that the Target Companies have infringed upon such third
party's intellectual property rights. 

 The
tools, techniques, methodologies, programs and components that the Target Companies use to provide their services may infringe
upon the intellectual property rights of others. Infringement claims generally result in significant legal and other costs and
may distract management of the Target Companies from running their core businesses. Royalty payments under licenses from third
parties, if available and developing non-infringing technologies would increase their costs. If a license were required and not
available, Target Companies might not be able to continue providing a particular service or product, which could adversely affect
their financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 Environmental
compliance costs and liabilities could reduce the Target Companies' earnings and cash available for operations. 

 The
Target Companies are subject to increasingly stringent laws and regulations relating to the importation and use of hazardous materials,
radioactive materials, chemicals and explosives and to environmental protection, including laws and regulations governing air
emissions, hydraulic fracturing, water and other discharges and waste management. The Target Companies expect to incur capital
and operating costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations. The technical requirements of these laws and regulations
are becoming increasingly complex, stringent and expensive to implement. These laws may provide for "strict liability"
for remediation costs, damages to natural resources or threats to public health and safety. Strict liability can render a party
liable for damages without regard to negligence or fault on the part of the party. Some environmental laws provide for joint and
several strict liabilities for remediation of spills and releases of hazardous substances. 

 The
Target Companies use and generate hazardous substances and wastes in their operations. Accordingly, they could become subject
to material liabilities relating to the investigation and cleanup of potentially contaminated properties, and to claims alleging
personal injury or property damage as the result of exposures to, or releases of, hazardous substances. In addition, stricter
enforcement of existing laws and regulations, new laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or the
imposition of new or increased requirements could require the Target Companies to incur costs, become the basis for new or increased
liabilities, become subject to certain government-imposed penalties or have certain licenses revoked that could reduce their earnings
and their cash available for operations. 

 The
Target Companies could be subject to substantial liability claims, which could adversely affect their financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. 

 The
technical complexities of the operations of the Target Companies expose them to a wide range of significant health, safety and
environmental risks. Their products and service offerings involve production-related activities, radioactive materials, chemicals,
explosives, and other equipment and services that are deployed in challenging exploration, development, and production environments.
An accident involving these services or equipment, or a failure of a product, could cause personal injury, loss of life, damage
to or destruction of property, equipment or the environment, or suspension of operations. The Target Companies' insurance
may not protect them against liability for certain kinds of events, including events involving pollution, or against losses resulting
from business interruption. Moreover, the Target Companies may not be able to maintain insurance for certain risks or at levels
of risk coverage or policy limits that they deem adequate. Any damages caused by their services or products that are not covered
by insurance or are in excess of policy limits or subject to substantial deductibles, could adversely affect their financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

 Demand
for the Target Companies' products and services could be reduced by existing and future legislation or regulations. 

 Environmental
advocacy groups and regulatory agencies in the United States and other countries have been focusing considerable attention on
the emissions of carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gasses and their potential role in climate change. Existing or future
legislation and regulations related to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change, as well as government initiatives to conserve
energy or promote the use of alternative energy sources, may significantly curtail demand for and production of fossil fuels such
as oil and natural gas in areas of the world where the Target Companies' customers operate and thus adversely affect future
demand for their services. This may, in turn, adversely affect their financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 45 

 Some
international, national, state and local governments and agencies have also adopted laws and regulations or are evaluating proposed
legislation and regulations that are focused on the extraction of shale gas or oil using hydraulic fracturing. Hydraulic fracturing
is a stimulation treatment routinely performed on oil and gas wells in low-permeability reservoirs. Specially engineered fluids
with proppants are pumped at high pressure and rate into the reservoir interval to be treated, causing cracks in the target formation.
Future hydraulic fracturing-related legislation or regulations could limit or ban hydraulic fracturing, or lead to operational
delays and increased costs, and therefore reduce demand for the Target Companies' pressure pumping services. If such additional
international, national, state or local legislation or regulations are enacted, it could adversely affect the Target Companies'
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 Some
of the customers of the Target Companies may require bids for contracts in the form of long-term, fixed pricing contracts that
may require them to assume additional risks associated with cost over-runs, operating cost inflation, labor availability and productivity,
supplier and contractor pricing and performance, and potential claims for liquidated damages. 

 Some
of the customers of the Target Companies, primarily NOCs, may require bids for contracts in the form of long-term, fixed pricing
contracts that may require the Target Companies to provide integrated project management services outside the Target Companies'
normal discrete businesses to act as project managers as well as service providers, and may require them to assume additional
risks associated with cost over-runs. These customers may provide the Target Companies with inaccurate information in relation
to their reserves, which is a subjective process that involves location and volume estimation, that may result in cost over-runs,
delays, and project losses. In addition, NOCs often operate in countries with unsettled political conditions, war, civil unrest,
or other types of community issues that may also result in cost over-runs, delays, and project losses. 

 Providing
services on an integrated basis or long-term may also require the Target Companies to assume additional risks associated with
operating cost inflation, labor availability and productivity, supplier pricing and performance, and potential claims for liquidated
damages. The Target Companies might rely on third-party subcontractors and equipment providers to assist them with the completion
of these types of contracts. To the extent that the Target Companies cannot engage subcontractors or acquire equipment or materials
in a timely manner and on reasonable terms or on terms consistent with the customer contract, their ability to complete a project
in accordance with stated deadlines or at a profit may be impaired. If the amount they are required to pay for these goods and
services exceeds the amount they have estimated in bidding for fixed-price work, they could experience losses in the performance
of these contracts. These delays and additional costs may be substantial, and the Target Companies may be required to compensate
their customers for these delays. This may reduce the profit to be realized or result in a loss on a project and adversely affect
the Target Companies' financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 The
loss or unavailability of any of the executive officers of the Target Companies or other key employees could have a material adverse
effect on their businesses. 

 The
Target Companies depend on the efforts of their executive officers and other key employees to manage their operations. The loss
or unavailability of any of their executive officers or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on their business. 

 Although
we expect all of such key personnel to remain with the Target Companies following the Business Combination, it is possible that
we will lose some key personnel, the loss of which could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
business. Furthermore, while we have scrutinized individuals we intend to engage to stay with the Target Companies following the
Business Combination, our assessment of these individuals may not prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with
the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping
them become familiar with such requirements. 

 46 

 The
Target Companies' ability to operate and their growth potential could be materially and adversely affected if they cannot
employ and retain technical personnel at a competitive cost. 

 Many
of the services that the Target Companies provide and the products that they sell are complex and highly engineered and often
must perform in harsh conditions. The Target Companies believe that their success depends upon their ability to employ and retain
technical personnel with the ability to design, utilize, and enhance these services and products. A significant increase in the
wages paid by competing employers could result in increased competition for the skilled labor force that the Target Companies
require, increases in the wage rates that the Target Companies must pay, or both. If either of these events were to occur, the
cost structures of the Target Companies could increase, their margins could decrease, and any growth potential could be impaired. 

 Our
failure to comply with complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

 NESR
is subject to complex US and foreign laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and various other anti-bribery
and anti-corruption laws. At this time, the U.K. Bribery Act has not been adopted to apply to British Virgin Islands companies,
but does apply to any employees of NESR or the Target Companies that are U.K. citizens and any future subsidiaries formed in the
U.K. We may also be subject to trade control regulations and trade sanctions laws that restrict the movement of certain goods
to, and certain operations in, various countries or with certain persons. For example, in June 2017, Saudi Arabia, the United
Arab Emirates, Bahrain, and Egypt imposed an embargo on Qatar. This diplomatic dispute creates uncertainty over the GCC as a whole.
Thus, our ability to transfer people and products among certain countries will be subject to maintaining required licenses and
complying with these laws and regulations. The internal controls, policies and procedures, and employee training and compliance
programs we expect to implement to deter prohibited practices may not be effective in preventing employees, contractors or agents
from violating or circumventing such internal policies or violating applicable laws and regulations. Any determination that we
have violated or are responsible for violations of anti-bribery, trade control, trade sanctions or anti-corruption laws could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and may result in fines and penalties, administrative remedies or restrictions
on business conduct, and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and our business. 

 Recent
regulatory enforcement and accountability mechanisms have steadily changed the financial landscape for companies organized in
the British Virgin Islands. One major regulatory change comes from the implementation of a key anti-money laundering treaty with
the United States, known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA"). FATCA implementation began on June 30,
2014, and it requires foreign entities to identify and report specific information to the United States Internal Revenue Service
("IRS") about U.S. taxpayers holding foreign accounts and assets. 

 Another
key regulatory change began on September 1, 2017, with the BVI's full integration of the "Common Reporting Standard"
("CRS") into its banking system. The CRS is specifically designed to fight against tax evasion and money laundering.
Under the CRS system, banks in the CRS jurisdiction are required to determine where the individual is a "tax resident,"
and if the individual is banking outside their country of residence, the banks may report information about the accounts to the
national tax authority in the country where the account is held, who then may share that information with the individual's
country of residency. 

 NESR's
acquisition of GES, a company based in Oman, may require ownership by a U.S. subsidiary. 

 The
Laws of Oman require that at least 30% of an Oman corporation be owned by an Oman person, unless the government grants an exemption.
An exception to this rule is pursuant to the U.S.-Oman Free Trade Agreement that permits U.S. persons to have 100% ownership.
NESR has formed National Energy Services Reunited Corporation, a Texas wholly owned subsidiary ("Texas Sub"), which
will employ all U.S. based people that are providing services for NESR, which will be compensated by NESR for the services provided
for those employees pursuant to a services agreement. NESR has requested that Oman grant an exemption from the general rule to
permit NESR to hold the GES stock, but if that exemption is not granted by the date of closing after receiving shareholder approval
for the Business Combination, NESR will cause the stock of GES to be owned directly by the Texas Sub in order to comply with Oman
law. NESR expects that the exemption would ultimately be granted, but there is a risk that the shares may continue to be owned
by the Texas Sub, in which case future dividends or activity could be subject to U.S. taxation coming to the Texas Sub. The amount
of any U.S. taxes, or the year in which the dividends might be received, cannot be ascertained at this time. 

 47 

 NESR
and U.S. persons working for NESR are subject to sanctions regimes adopted by the United States and other jurisdictions. 

 NESR
and U.S. persons working for NESR are subject to laws, reporting requirements or sanctions imposed by the United States or by
other jurisdictions where we do business that may restrict or even prohibit NESR, U.S. persons, or certain of its affiliates from
doing business in certain countries, or with designated companies in the oil and natural gas sector. Such restrictions may provide
a competitive advantage to competitors formed in or operating from countries that may not impose comparable restrictions. The
Middle East, Asia, and Africa are locations in which from time to time the United States, the United Nations or the European Union
has imposed economic sanctions to restrict or impede contracting in identified sanctioned countries. The U.S. Commerce Department
or State Department regulates the types of technologies that can be sold or used in some countries. NESR cannot predict what sanctions
might be imposed against any country in which the Target Companies might operate or might receive contracts for performing services.
Trade restrictions and sanctions could adversely impact our potential income, or our ability to pursue new undeveloped business
objectives. 

 The
United States government has implemented mechanisms to collect information on companies registered on the U.S. stock exchange
related to business activities that might be sanctionable under the various U.S. sanctions programs if the foreign companies or
its subsidiaries are U.S. companies. Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 requires annual
or quarterly "219 Report" to the SEC by any company registered on a U.S. stock exchange to disclose as if the listed
company were a U.S. entity, certain business activities relating to any country subject to U.S. sanctions, which in most cases
includes the energy sector, even if the activity is not prohibited by U.S. sanctions by the foreign company. Such reporting of
any future activities that might be engaged in by the Target Companies, even though not prohibited by the sanctions, could initiate
an investigation by the U.S. government and require the Company to engage counsel to monitor or respond to such investigations.
Generally, 219 Report disclosures include activities that constitute an investment in the energy sector of $5 million each, or
in the aggregate of over $20 million in a 12-month period. A 219 Report also requires reporting of any transaction with a person
or entity identified to the SDN List. The risk of an investigation or inadvertent action that relates to sanctioned activity could
increase costs and have an adverse impact on financial conditions and results of operations. 

 The
Company's operations in Middle Eastern countries will require the Company to incur additional costs in order to comply with
U.S., U.K. and EU sanctions-related regulations. 

 The
United States government, the UK government and the EU have established lists of corporations, and people in the case of the United
States, with which engaging in business by a U.S. person is prohibited without a license and disclosure is required in a 219 Report.
These lists in the United States are referred to as the List of Specially Designated Nationals ("SDN List"). There
are no discernible qualifications or objective standards for determining when a person might be identified to an SDN List, other
than the opinion of the Office of Foreign Assets Control that there is some cause or connection to believe that such foreign person
may have been doing business with or for a sanctioned country or person already on the SDN List. There is no advance notice or
due process for the listed person. If any person were to be identified to an SDN List, no U.S. persons can be involved in contracting
or providing services to or with such listed person without a license. If a Target Company affiliate were to be performing a contract
with a person that becomes named to the SDN List, the contract may have to be terminated and/or disclosed, which could result
in additional costs or losses. 

 48 

 Although
NESR cannot be assured that no person or company in the Middle East with which one of the Target Companies has done business will
not be identified on an SDN List in the future, NESR has confirmed that none of the Target Companies, their subsidiaries, their
key employees, key vendors, or any company with which they are currently conducting business are listed on the SDN List or similar
lists in the EU and UK. If any customer, employee or vendor were to be listed on an SDN List in the future, NESR will need to
incur costs to seek legal advice to determine whether any further business could be conducted with such person or whether all
business relationships with such person must cease. 

 Litigation
may adversely affect Target Company business, financial condition or results of operations of the Target Companies. 

 Prior
to the Business Combination, lawsuits have been filed against the Target Companies in the ordinary course of their business. No
known material litigation claims remain outstanding against either Target Company. 

 However,
the outcome of any such litigation in the future is inherently uncertain. An indemnity in favour of the Company has been included
in the GES Stock Purchase Agreement covering certain existing claims; however, such indemnity only applies to the extent that
liabilities exceed $7 million. If future litigation claims are made after the closing of the Business Combination, they may adversely
affect GES's business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

 The
Target Companies are subject to litigation risks that may not be covered by insurance. 

 In
the ordinary course of business, the Target Companies become the subject of various claims, lawsuits, and administrative proceedings
seeking damages or other remedies concerning their commercial operations, employees, and other matters. The Target Companies maintain
insurance to cover many of their potential losses, and they are subject to various self-insurance retentions and deductibles under
their insurance policies. It is possible, however, that a judgment could be rendered against them in cases in which they could
be uninsured and beyond the amounts that they currently have reserved or anticipate incurring for such matters. If NESR were to
be sued under any of the agreements related to the Business Combination or if NESR were made a party to lawsuits to which the
Target Companies are currently a party, NESR could be exposed to one or more judgments that are in excess of what NESR management
may believe that it should pay and would not likely be covered by insurance. 

 The
Target Companies may be unable to maintain their current Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) ownership status or obtain or renew permits
necessary for their operations, which could inhibit their ability to do business. 

 Performance
of the Target Companies' operations require that they obtain and maintain a number of government permits, licenses and approvals
with terms and conditions containing a significant number of prescriptive limits and performance standards in order to operate.
For example, the NPS entities are currently considered to be wholly GCC owned and operate as such in the various GCC jurisdictions,
due to the specific shareholding arrangements implemented at the shareholder level. As a result of the Business Combination, NPS
and its subsidiaries will no longer be able to maintain their current GCC ownership status. While this is a common scenario for
foreign investors operating in the region, NESR will need to ensure that relevant foreign ownership restrictions and/or applicable
licenses, permits, and approvals for the operation of foreign owned entities in the jurisdictions of the GCC are complied with.
The GCC has made efforts to increase local content and in country value requirements. The loss of GCC ownership status may cause
NOCs not to view the Target Companies as a local content provider vis- -vis other regional competitors. All the permits,
licenses, approval limits, and standards require a significant amount of monitoring, record keeping, and reporting in order to
demonstrate compliance with the underlying permit, license, approval limit or standard. Noncompliance or incomplete documentation
of the Target Companies' compliance status may result in the imposition of fines, penalties and injunctive relief. A decision
by a government agency to deny or delay the issuance of a new or existing material permit or other approval, or to revoke or substantially
modify an existing permit or other approval, could adversely affect the Target Companies' ability to initiate or continue
operations at the affected location or facility and on the Target Companies' financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

 49 

 In
addition, the Target Companies are currently considered to be wholly GCC owned and operate as such in the various GCC jurisdictions.
As a consequence of the Business Combination the Target Companies will become foreign owned entities and therefore lose their
GCC ownership status. A restructuring of the Target Companies will be required in order to continue their operations in specific
jurisdictions of the GCC, including Qatar and, depending on the activities to be undertaken, Bahrain. In Saudi Arabia, the relevant
NPS subsidiaries will be required to seek recognition as 100% foreign owned entities, whereas the Target Companies shareholding
arrangements in Oman and UAE must be maintained in order to ensure compliance with applicable foreign ownership restrictions. 

 The
Target Companies operate in a highly competitive industry, and many of their competitors are larger and have greater resources. 

 Several
of the Target Companies' primary competitors are diversified multinational companies with substantially larger operating
staffs and greater capital resources. If these competitors substantially increase the resources they devote to developing and
marketing competitive products and services, the Target Companies may not be able to compete effectively. Similarly, consolidation
among their competitors could enhance their product and service offerings and financial resources, further intensifying competition. 

 Cybersecurity
risks and threats could adversely affect our business. 

 We
rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business. There can be no assurance that the systems we have designed to prevent
or limit the effects of cyber incidents or attacks will be sufficient to prevent or detect such incidents or attacks, or to avoid
a material impact on our systems when such incidents or attacks do occur. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity
risks are circumvented or breached, this could result in the loss of our intellectual property or other proprietary information,
including customer data, and disruption of our business operations. 

 Target
Companies depend on their suppliers to provide services and equipment in a timely manner and any delays, interruptions or failures
by suppliers could expose Target Companies to increased costs or inability to meet contractual obligations. 

 Both
GES and NPS rely on suppliers of equipment and spare parts as well as suppliers of technical labor to perform their contractual
obligations with clients. Failure by suppliers to provide goods and services in a timely manner could lead to delays by Target
Companies in fulfilling contractual obligations, to the inability to fulfill such obligations or to additional costs in seeking
replacement suppliers. 

 The
consummation of the Business Combination depends on the fulfillment by third parties of their contractual obligations. 

 There
is a risk that any party to the Business Combination breaks its obligations and does not close. There is a risk that NPS Selling
Stockholders withdraw if the Business Combination does not close by June 30, 2018 which grants NPS a right to terminate. 

 The
Target Companies have engaged in a large number of related party transactions, the termination of which may inhibit business.

 The
Target Companies have relied upon services and products supplied by related parties. If these relationships are discontinued,
it could result in a disruption of certain potentially beneficial provisions and require time for replacement of suppliers. 

 Following
the consummation of the Business Combination, we might require additional equity or debt financing to fund operations and/ or
future acquisitions . 

 50 

 Although
NESR has entered into a Forward Purchase Agreement for up to $150 million with the Backstop Investor pursuant to which
NESR will draw a minimum of $70 million concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination and potentially
as much as $150 million in funds within three months following the Business Combination as a backstop to cover redemptions
by public shareholders, to help fund the Business Combination and related expenses, as well as for working capital, NESR may still
need access to additional debt or equity capital to fund operations or to fund potential acquisitions. If additional capital is
required, NESR may not be able to obtain debt and/or equity financing on terms favorable to it, or at all. The failure to obtain
additional funding could result in a curtailment of NESR's operations and future development, which in turn could adversely
affect NESR's business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

 If
NESR does not effectively or efficiently integrate the operations of the Target Companies, its future growth will be limited.

 We
may not achieve expected returns and other benefits as a result of various factors, including integration and collaboration challenges.
The success of any acquisition is subject to various risks, including: 

 &#9679; 
 the
 inability to integrate the operations of recently acquired assets; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 diversion of management's attention from other business concerns; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 failure to realize expected volumes, revenues, profitability, or growth; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 failure to realize any expected synergies and cost savings; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 coordination of geographically disparate organizations, systems, and facilities. 

 &#9679; 
 the
 assumption of unknown liabilities; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 loss of customers or key employees; and 

 &#9679; 
 potential
 environmental or regulatory liabilities and title problems. 

 The
assessment by NESR's management of these risks is inexact and may not reveal or resolve all existing and potential risks
associated with the Business Combination. Realization of any of these risks could adversely affect NESR's financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

 Risk
Factors Relating to NESR and the Business Combination 

 Following
the consummation of the Business Combination, our only significant asset will be ownership of 100% of the stock of NPS and GES. 

 Following
the consummation of the Business Combination, we will have no direct operations and no significant assets other than the ownership
of 100% of the stock of NPS and GES. We will depend on the Target Companies for distributions, loans and other payments to generate
the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations, including our expenses as a publicly traded company, to service any outstanding
debt, and to pay any dividends with respect to our ordinary shares. Legal restrictions, as well as the financial condition and
operating requirements of the Target Companies, may limit our ability to obtain cash from the Target Companies. Any future dividend
payments are within the absolute discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations,
working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements, financial condition, level of indebtedness, contractual restrictions
with respect to payment of dividends, business opportunities, anticipated cash needs, provisions of applicable law and other factors
that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 

 51 

 We
may not be able to timely and effectively implement controls and procedures required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002. 

 We
are required to establish and maintain internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures and to
comply with other requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules promulgated by the SEC. Following the Business Combination,
the combined company will be required to provide management's report of its assessment of the Company's internal controls
commencing with the Company's annual report for the year ending December 31, 2018, or such earlier date as is required under
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The standards required for a public company under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are significantly
more stringent than those required of the Target Companies as privately-held companies. Management may not be able to effectively
and timely implement controls and procedures that adequately respond to the regulatory compliance and reporting requirements that
will be applicable to the Company after the Business Combination. If we are not able to implement the additional requirements
of Section 404 in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, we may not be able to assess whether our internal controls over
financial reporting are effective, which may subject us to adverse regulatory consequences and could harm investor confidence
and the market price of our ordinary shares. 

 If
we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to report our financial results
accurately and on a timely basis. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our
business and adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 

 We
are required to establish and maintain internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures and to
comply with other requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules promulgated by the SEC. Our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, cannot guarantee that our internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures
will prevent all possible errors. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no system of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent
limitations include the possibility that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and subject to simple error or mistake. Furthermore,
controls can be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more persons, or by management override
of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future
events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.
Over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures
may deteriorate. Because of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur
and may not be detected. 

 Subsequent
to the consummation of the Business Combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and share price,
which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

 Although
we have conducted due diligence on the Target Companies, we cannot assure you that this diligence revealed all material issues
that may be present in the Target Companies' business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through
a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of our and the Target Companies' control will not later arise.
As a result, we may be forced to later write down or write-off assets, restructure its operations, or incur impairment or other
charges that could result in losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise,
and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges
may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report these charges could contribute
to negative market perceptions about the combined company or its securities. In addition, such charges may cause us to be unable
to obtain future financing on favorable terms or at all or impact our listing on the NASDAQ Capital Market. 

 Our
Sponsor has agreed to vote in favor of our initial Business Combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

 Unlike
many other blank check companies in which the Sponsor agrees to vote its ordinary shares in accordance with the majority of the
votes cast by the public shareholders in connection with an initial Business Combination, our Sponsor has agreed to vote any NESR
ordinary shares owned by it in favor of our initial Business Combination. As of the date hereof, our Sponsor and affiliates, together
with the underwriter in our IPO, own shares equal to 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. As a result, we would
need only 8,595,638 shares, or 37.5% of the 22,921,700 public shares sold in the IPO, to be voted in favor of the Business Combination
in order to have such transaction approved. 

 52 

 We
have incurred significant transaction and transition costs in connection with the Business Combination. If we fail to consummate
the Business Combination, we may not have sufficient cash available to pay such costs. 

 We
have incurred significant, non-recurring costs in connection with consummating the Business Combination. Some of these costs are
payable regardless of whether the Business Combination is completed. NESR's transaction expenses as a result of the Business
Combination are currently estimated at approximately $18.4 million, which is comprised of (i) approximately $9 million payable
to the underwriters as the deferred underwriting fees (Maxim Group LLC and NBCF) (consisting of approximately $7 million in cash
and approximately 0.2 million ordinary shares with a market value of approximately $2 million to the underwriters, (ii) an estimated
$8.9 million in other financial advisory and legal fees and expenses, and (iii) approximately $0.5 million relating to other fees
and expenses incurred relating to the Business Combination. Additionally, this amount includes the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing, printing and mailing of this proxy statement and the solicitation of the approval of our shareholders, and all
filing and other fees paid to the SEC, which is estimated at approximately $0.2 million. If NESR and Selling Stockholders do not
consummate the Business Combination, each party will be required to pay its own fees and expenses, and NESR will likely not have
sufficient cash available to pay its fees and expenses unless and until it completes a subsequent Business Combination transaction.
If the Company has not completed its initial Business Combination by May 17, 2019, the Company will distribute the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, pro rata, to its public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except
for purposes of the winding up of its affairs. 

 The
unaudited pro forma financial information included in this document may not be indicative of what our actual financial position
or results of operations would have been. 

 The
unaudited pro forma financial information in this proxy statement is presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily
indicative of what our actual financial position or results of operations would have been had the Business Combination been completed
on the dates indicated. See "Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements" for more information. 

 NESR
will only have limited protection under the liability and indemnification provisions contained in the Stock Purchase Agreements
in the event that any of the representations and warranties made by the Selling Stockholders or NPS and GES in the Stock Purchase
Agreements ultimately prove to be inaccurate or incorrect. 

 Except
for certain fundamental representations which survive indefinitely, NESR and its shareholders' recourse against NPS, GES
and/or the Selling Stockholders for misrepresentations or breaches of the representations and warranties and the covenants made
in the Stock Purchase Agreements is limited through maximum caps of liability exposure, through limited indemnity provisions and
through an expiry date on the duration of such representations and warranties. As a result, NESR and its shareholders may not
be able to seek or obtain full redress or compensation for breaches of the representations and warranties and the covenants in
the Stock Purchase Agreements. 

 We
may waive one or more of the conditions to the Business Combination. 

 We
may agree to waive, in whole or in part, some of the conditions to our obligations to complete the Business Combination, to the
extent permitted by our Charter and applicable laws. For example, it is a condition to our obligations to close the Business Combination
that the Target Companies' representations and warranties are true and correct in all respects as of the Closing Date, except
for such inaccuracies that, individually or in the aggregate, would not result in a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the
Stock Purchase Agreements). However, if our Board of Directors determines that it is in the shareholders' best interest
to waive any such breach, then the Board of Directors may elect to waive that condition and close the Business Combination. We
are not able to waive the condition that our shareholders approve the Business Combination. 

 53 

 Even
if we consummate the Business Combination, there is no guarantee that the public warrants will ever be in the money, and they
may expire worthless and the terms of our warrants may be amended. 

 The
exercise price for our warrants is $5.75 per one-half of one share ($11.50 per whole share), subject to adjustment. Warrants may
be exercised only for a whole number of NESR's ordinary shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the
warrants. There is no guarantee that the public warrants will ever be in the money prior to their expiration, and they may expire
worthless. 

 In
addition, the warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us provides that
the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision
but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that
adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner adverse
to a holder if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Examples of such
amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period
or decrease the number of ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

 Our
Sponsor, directors and officers have a conflict of interest in determining to pursue the acquisition of the Target Companies,
since certain of their interests, and certain interests of their affiliates and associates, are different from or in addition
to, and which may conflict with, the interests of our shareholders. 

 Our
Sponsor, including our Sponsor and our officers and directors, have interests in and arising from the Business Combination that
are different from or in addition to, and which may conflict with, the interests of our public shareholders, which may result
in a conflict of interest. These interests include: 

 &#9679; 
 the
 fact that our Sponsor and our officers and directors paid an aggregate of approximately $6.3 million for their Founder Shares
 and private warrants and such securities should have a significantly higher value at the time of the Business Combination.
 However, the private warrants will expire worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. As a result, our
 Sponsor (and its members, including our executive officers and directors) have a financial incentive to see the Business Combination
 consummated rather than lose whatever value is gained on the Founder Shares, as well as any value attributable to the private
 warrants; 

 &#9679; 
 in
 connection with Sponsor's purchase of the 11.7% of the GES shares, an affiliate of Mr. Thomas Wood invested $500,000
 and similarly Mr. Antonio Campo invested $1,200,000, to fund a portion of the purchase price for such GES shares and accordingly,
 the Sponsor, along with Messrs. Wood and Campo, will not have any public market in which to sell their investment in GES if
 the Closing does not occur, although, pursuant to the Loan Contracts, repayment of the investments may be made in cash at
 the election of the Sponsor; 

 &#9679; 
 if
 NESR is unable to complete a Business Combination within the required time period, by May 17, 2019, our Sponsor will be liable
 to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or
 other entities that are owed money by NESR for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to NESR, but only if such
 a vendor or target business has not executed a waiver of claims against the trust account and except as to any claims under
 our indemnity of the underwriter in our IPO. To date, each of NESR's vendors has agreed that it will not have any right,
 title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in our trust account, and will not make any claim against our trust
 account (including any distributions therefrom); and 

 &#9679; 
 the
 continued indemnification of current directors and officers of the Company and the continuation of directors' and officers'
 liability insurance after the Business Combination. 

 These
interests may influence our directors in making their recommendation that you vote in favor of the Business Combination Proposal,
and the transactions contemplated thereby. 

 Since
our Sponsor, executive officers and directors will not be eligible to be reimbursed for their out-of-pocket expenses if the Business
Combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether the Target Companies are appropriate for
our initial Business Combination. 

 54 

 At
the closing of the Business Combination, our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential
target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf. These financial interests of our Sponsor, executive
officers and directors may have influenced their motivation in identifying and selecting the Target Companies for the Business
Combination. 

 Concentration
of ownership after the Business Combination may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control. 

 It
is anticipated that, following completion of the Business Combination and assuming there are no redemptions, NESR's public
shareholders will retain an ownership interest of 23.8% in NESR and our Sponsor and affiliates will retain an ownership interest
of 6.0% in NESR. These relative percentages assume NESR's receipt of the full $150 million in cash proceeds from the proposed
investment pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement. These ownership percentages with respect to NESR following the Business
Combination do not take into account (i) the exercise of 22,921,700 public warrants to purchase up to a total of 11,460,850 NESR
ordinary shares, or (ii) the 12,618,680 private warrants to purchase up to a total of 6,309,340 NESR ordinary shares that will
remain outstanding following the Business Combination. As a result, the Selling Stockholders will, in all likelihood, have the
ability to determine the outcome of corporate actions of the Company requiring shareholder approval. This concentration of ownership
may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control and might adversely affect the market price of our ordinary
shares. 

 A
market for our securities may not continue, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

 Following
the Business Combination, the price of our securities may fluctuate significantly due to the market's reaction to the Business
Combination, limited float and general market and economic conditions. An active trading market for our securities following the
Business Combination may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. In addition, the price of our securities after
the Business Combination can vary due to general economic conditions and forecasts, our general business condition, limited float,
and the release of our financial reports. Additionally, if our securities are not listed on, or become delisted from, the NASDAQ
Capital Market for any reason, and are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity
securities that is not a national securities exchange, the liquidity and price of our securities may be more limited than if we
were quoted or listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market or another national securities exchange. You may be unable to sell your securities
unless a market can be established or sustained. 

 Although
we expect our ordinary shares and warrants will remain listed on NASDAQ after the Business Combination, there can be no assurance
that our ordinary shares and warrants will continue to be so listed or, if listed, that we will be able to comply with the continued
listing standards of NASDAQ. 

 We
intend to apply to continue listing our ordinary shares and warrants on the NASDAQ Capital Market subsequent to the closing of
the Business Combination. To continue listing our securities on the NASDAQ Capital Market subsequent to the closing of the Business
Combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with NASDAQ's initial listing standards, which are more rigorous
than NASDAQ's continued listing requirements. For instance, we must maintain a minimum number of holders (300 round-lot
holders). We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing standards at that time. 

 If,
after the Business Combination, the NASDAQ Capital Market delists our ordinary shares or warrants from trading on its exchange
due to our failure to meet the NASDAQ Capital Market's initial and/or continued listing standards, we and our security holders
could face significant material adverse consequences including: 

 55 

 &#9679; 
 a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

 &#9679; 
 a
 determination that our ordinary shares are a "penny stock," which will require brokers trading in our ordinary
 shares to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading
 market for our ordinary shares; 

 &#9679; 
 a
 limited amount of analyst coverage; and 

 &#9679; 
 a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

 If
the Business Combination's benefits do not meet the expectations of investors, shareholders or securities analysts, the
market price of our securities may decline. 

 We
believe that the Business Combination will accelerate EBITDA growth though synergies, increased market share and a broad portfolio
of services. If the benefits of the Business Combination do not meet the expectations of investors, shareholders or securities
analysts, the market price of the Company's securities following the closing of the Business Combination may decline. The
market values of our securities at the time of and following the consummation of the Business Combination may vary significantly
from their prices on the date the Stock Purchase Agreements were executed, the date of this proxy statement, or the date on which
our shareholders vote on the Business Combination. 

 In
addition, following the Business Combination, fluctuations in the price of our securities could contribute to the loss of all
or part of your investment. Prior to the Business Combination, there has not been a public market for NPS and GES's stock
and trading in the NESR ordinary shares has not been active. Accordingly, the valuation ascribed to the Target Companies and our
ordinary shares in the Business Combination may not be indicative of the price that will prevail in the trading market following
the Business Combination. If an active market for our securities develops and continues, the trading price of our securities following
the Business Combination could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are
beyond our control. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment in our securities
and our securities may trade at prices significantly below the price you paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price
of our securities may not recover and may experience a further decline. 

 Factors
affecting the trading price of the Company's securities following the Business Combination may include: 

 &#9679; 
 actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to
 be similar to us; 

 &#9679; 
 changes
 in the market's expectations about our operating results; 

 &#9679; 
 success
 of competitors; 

 &#9679; 
 our
 operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts, shareholders or investors in a particular period; 

 &#9679; 
 changes
 in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning the Company or the lending market in general; 

 &#9679; 
 operating
 and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to the Company; 

 &#9679; 
 our
 ability to market new and enhanced services on a timely basis; 

 &#9679; 
 changes
 in laws and regulations affecting our business; 

 &#9679; 
 commencement
 of, or involvement in, litigation involving the Company; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 Company's ability to access the capital markets as needed; 

 56 

 &#9679; 
 changes
 in the Company's capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 volume of ordinary shares available for public sale; 

 &#9679; 
 any
 major change in our Board of Directors or management; 

 &#9679; 
 sales
 of substantial amounts of ordinary shares by our directors, executive officers or significant shareholders or the perception
 that such sales could occur; and 

 &#9679; 
 general
 economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, oil and natural gas prices, international currency fluctuations
 and acts of war or terrorism. 

 Broad
market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our securities irrespective of our operating performance.
The stock market in general, and the NASDAQ Capital Market in particular, have experienced price and volume fluctuations that
have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices
and valuations of these stocks, and of our securities, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for
retail stocks or the stocks of other companies which investors perceive to be similar to the Company could depress our stock price
regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations. A decline in the market price of our securities
also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 

 Following
the Business Combination, the Company's business and share and warrant prices may suffer as a result of its lack of public
company operating experience and, if securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about
the Company, its business, or its market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our ordinary shares adversely, the
price and trading volume of our ordinary shares and warrants could decline. 

 Prior
to the completion of the Business Combination, the Target Companies have been privately-held companies. The Company's lack
of public company operating experience may make it difficult to forecast and evaluate its future prospects. If the Company is
unable to execute its business strategy, either as a result of its inability to manage effectively its business in a public company
environment or for any other reason, the Company's business, prospects, financial condition and operating results may be
harmed. 

 The
trading market for our ordinary shares and warrants will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities
analysts may publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. Securities and industry analysts do not currently,
and may never, publish research on the Company. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of the Company, our share
and warrant prices and trading volume would likely be negatively impacted. If any of the analysts who may cover the Company change
their recommendation regarding our shares adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors,
the price of our ordinary shares and warrants would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover the Company were to cease coverage
of the Company or fail to regularly publish reports on it, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause
our share and warrant prices or trading volume to decline. 

 We
have not registered our ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants under the Securities Act or state securities
laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise such warrants, thus precluding
such investor from being able to exercise its warrants and causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

 We
have not registered the public shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws at this time. We have agreed to use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration,
under the Securities Act, of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants as soon as practicable after the
closing of the Business Combination and cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration
statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants. Beginning the later of May 17, 2018
or 30 days following the closing of the Business Combination and until such time as the shares issuable upon exercise of public
warrants are registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their public warrants on a
cashless basis under certain circumstances specified in the warrant agreement. However, no public warrant will be exercisable
for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise such warrants,
unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the
exercising holder, unless an exemption is available. In no event will we be required to issue cash, securities or other compensation
in exchange for the public warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the public warrants
under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the public warrants
is not so registered or qualified, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant
may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their public warrants as part of a purchase of units
will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the ordinary shares and rights included in the units. 

 57 

 The
future exercise of registration rights may adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares. 

 Our
ordinary shares will be subject to registration rights agreements. Sales of restricted securities pursuant to these agreements
may substantially depress the market price of our ordinary shares. NESR, the Selling Stockholders, the Backstop Investor, and
certain shareholders of GES and NPS will enter into one or more registration rights agreements that provide for the registration
of the ordinary shares that we will issue. We are also obligated to register Founder Shares and private warrants pursuant to a
registration rights agreement signed in connection with our IPO. 

 Warrants
will become exercisable for our ordinary shares, which would increase the number of shares eligible for future resale in the public
market and result in dilution to our shareholders. 

 Outstanding
public warrants to purchase an aggregate of 11,460,850 ordinary shares will become exercisable upon the later of May 17, 2018
or 30 days following the completion of the Business Combination. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half
of one ordinary share at a price of $5.75 per half share ($11.50 per whole share), subject to adjustment. Warrants may be exercised
only for a whole number of NESR's ordinary shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of warrants. To the
extent such warrants are exercised, additional ordinary shares will be issued, which will result in dilution to the then existing
holders of ordinary shares of the Company and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of
substantial numbers of such shares in the public market could adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares. 

 Our
public shareholders may experience dilution as a consequence of, among other transactions, the Business Combination, the issuance
of shares pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement, the exercise of outstanding warrants and the issuance of additional equity
to fund operations or future acquisitions. Having a minority share position may reduce the influence that our current shareholders
have on the management of the Company. 

 It is anticipated that, following completion of the Business Combination and assuming there are no redemptions,
NESR's public shareholders will retain an ownership interest of 23.8% in NESR and our Sponsor will control the vote of 6%
in NESR. These relative percentages assume NESR's receipt of $150 million in cash proceeds from the proposed Commitment and
that no ordinary shares are redeemed. In addition, if any of NESR's shareholders exercise their redemption rights, the ownership
interest in NESR of NESR's public shareholders will decrease and the ownership interest in NESR of our initial shareholder,
namely our Sponsor, will increase. These ownership percentages with respect to NESR following the Business Combination do not take
into account 22,921,700 public warrants to purchase up to a total of 11,460,850 NESR ordinary shares. If the actual facts are different
than these assumptions (which they are likely to be), the percentage ownership retained by NESR's existing shareholders in
NESR will be different. See "Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information" for further information.
To the extent that any of the warrants are exercised for NESR ordinary shares, current shareholders may experience substantial
dilution. Such dilution could, among other things, limit the ability of our current shareholders to influence management of the
Company through the election of directors following the Business Combination. 

 58 

 Furthermore,
to the extent that we cannot obtain additional debt financing, we may be required to issue additional shares to fund growth which
could result in further dilution to our shareholders. 

 We
may redeem public warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to warrant holders, thereby making their
warrants worthless. 

 We
will have the ability to redeem the remaining public warrants prior to their expiration at a price of $0.01 per warrant, provided
that (i) the last reported sale price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds $21.00 per share for any 20 trading days within
the 30 trading-day period ending on the third business day before we send the notice of such redemption (on March 29, 2018, the
last reported sale price for warrants was $0.90 and (ii) on the date we give notice of redemption and during the entire period
thereafter until the time the warrants are redeemed, there is an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering
the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available unless
warrants are exercised on a cashless basis. Redemption of the outstanding public warrants could force holders of public warrants: 

 &#9679; 
 to
 exercise their warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for them to do so; 

 &#9679; 
 to
 sell their warrants at the then-current market price when they might otherwise wish to hold their warrants; or 

 &#9679; 
 to
 accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be
 substantially less than the market value of their warrants. 

 Our
Charter permits the board of directors by resolution to amend our Charter, including to create additional classes of securities,
including shares with rights, preferences, designations and limitations as they determine which may have an anti-takeover effect. 

 Our
Charter permits the board of directors by resolution to amend the Charter including to designate rights, preferences, designations
and limitations attaching to the preferred shares as they determine in their discretion, without shareholder approval with respect
the terms or the issuance. If issued, the rights, preferences, designations and limitations of the preferred shares would be set
by the board of directors and could operate to the disadvantage of the outstanding ordinary shares the holders of which would
not have any pre-emption rights in respect of such an issue of preferred shares. Such terms could include, among others, preferences
as to dividends and distributions on liquidation, or could be used to prevent possible corporate takeovers. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, we and our directors and officers have agreed not to propose any amendment to our Charter that would affect the substance
and timing of our obligation to redeem our public shares if we are unable to consummate our initial Business Combination by the
deadline set forth in the Charter, except that, as contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreements, we may seek the consent of our
shareholders to amend our Charter to extend the date by which we must consummate our initial Business Combination. 

 Activities
taken by affiliates of the Company to purchase, directly or indirectly, public shares will increase the likelihood of approval
of the Business Combination Proposal and other proposals and may affect the market price of the Company's securities during
the buyback period. 

 Our
Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions either prior
to or following the consummation of the Business Combination. None of our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates
will make any such purchases when such parties are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller
or during a restricted period under Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Although none of our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors
or their affiliates currently anticipate paying any premium purchase price for such public shares, in the event such parties do,
the payment of a premium may not be in the best interest of those shareholders not receiving any such additional consideration.
There is no limit on the number of shares that could be acquired by our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates,
or the price such parties may pay. 

 59 

 If
such transactions are effected, the consequence could be to cause the Business Combination to be approved in circumstances where
such approval could not otherwise be obtained. Purchases of shares by the persons described above would allow them to exert more
influence over the approval of the Business Combination Proposal and other proposals and would likely increase the chances that
such proposals would be approved. If the market does not view the Business Combination positively, purchases of public shares
may have the effect of counteracting the market's view, which would otherwise be reflected in a decline in the market price
of our securities. In addition, the termination of the support provided by these purchases may materially adversely affect the
market price of our securities. 

 As
of the date of this proxy statement, no agreements with respect to the private purchase of public shares by the Company or the
persons described above have been entered into with any such investor or holder. We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K or
other required forms with the SEC to disclose private arrangements entered into or significant private purchases made by any of
the aforementioned persons that would affect the vote on the Business Combination Proposal or other proposals. 

 Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and
results of operations. 

 We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments, including non-U.S. governments. In particular,
we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and
regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may
also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results
of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a
material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

 We
are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to complete the
Business Combination. 

 Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors.
We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our executive officers and directors, at least until we have completed
the Business Combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of
time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities,
including assessing the potential Business Combination and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment
agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services
of one or more of our directors or executive officers could adversely impact our ability to complete the Business Combination. 

 If
we liquidate, distributions, or part of them, may be delayed while the liquidator determines the extent of potential creditor
claims. 

 Pursuant
to, among other documents, our Charter, if we do not complete our initial Business Combination by May 17, 2019, this will trigger
an automatic redemption of our ordinary shares using the available funds in the trust account pursuant to our Charter, resulting
in our repayment of available funds in the trust account. Following which, we will proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation
and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company. In connection with such a voluntary liquidation, the liquidator would give notice
to our creditors inviting them to submit their claims for payment, by notifying known creditors (if any) who have not submitted
claims and by placing a public advertisement in at least one newspaper published in the British Virgin Islands and in at least
one newspaper circulating in the location where the Company has its principal place of business, and taking any other steps he
considers appropriate, after which our remaining assets would be distributed. 

 As
soon as our affairs are fully wound-up, if we were to liquidate, the liquidator must complete his statement of account and will
then notify the Registrar of Corporate Affairs in the British Virgin Islands (the "Registrar") that the liquidation
has been completed. However, the liquidator may determine that he or she requires additional time to evaluate creditors'
claims (particularly if there is uncertainty over the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors). Also, a creditor or
shareholder may file a petition with the British Virgin Islands Court, which, if successful, may result in our liquidation being
subject to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution of some or all of our remaining assets. 

 60 

 In
any liquidation proceedings of the Company under British Virgin Islands law, the funds held in our trust account may be included
in our estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any
such claims deplete the trust account we may not be able to return to our public shareholders the redemption amounts payable to
them. 

 Our
directors may decide not to enforce indemnification obligations against our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of
funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

 If
NESR is unable to complete a Business Combination within the required time period, our
Sponsor will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or
claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by NESR for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to NESR,
but only if such a vendor or target business has not executed a waiver of claims against the trust account and except as to any
claims under our indemnity of the underwriters. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below $10.00 per
share and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related
to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine on our behalf whether to take legal action against our Sponsor
to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on
our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors
in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose
not to enforce these indemnification obligations on our behalf, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public shareholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share. 

 If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance
requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. 

 If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including restrictions
on the nature of our investments and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to
complete our initial Business Combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including registration
as an investment company, adoption of a specific form of corporate structure and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and
disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance
with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder
our ability to consummate our initial Business Combination. 

 If
deemed to be insolvent, distributions made to public shareholders, or part of them, from our trust account may be subject to clawback
in certain circumstances. 

 If
we do not complete our initial Business Combination by May 17, 2019, and instead distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account (less net interest earned thereon to pay taxes), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption,
it will be necessary for our directors to pass a board resolution approving the redemption of those ordinary shares and the payment
of the proceeds to public shareholders. Such board resolutions are required to confirm that we satisfy the solvency test prescribed
by the Companies Act (namely that our assets exceed our liabilities; and that we are able to pay our debts as they fall due).
If, after the redemption proceeds are paid to public shareholders, it transpires that our financial position at the time was such
that it did not satisfy the solvency test, the Companies Act provides a mechanism by which those proceeds could be recovered from
public shareholders. However, the Companies Act also provides for circumstances where such proceeds could not be subject to clawback,
namely where (a) the public shareholders received the proceeds in good faith and without knowledge of our failure to satisfy the
solvency test; (b) a public shareholder altered its position in reliance of the validity of the payment of the proceeds; or (c)
it would be unfair to require repayment of the proceeds in full or at all. 

 61 

 We
are not subject to the supervision of the Financial Services Commission of the British Virgin Islands and so our shareholders
are not protected by any regulatory inspections in the British Virgin Islands. 

 We
are not an entity subject to any regulatory supervision in the British Virgin Islands by the Financial Services Commission. As
a result, shareholders are not protected by any regulatory supervision or inspections by any regulatory agency in the British
Virgin Islands and we are not required to observe any restrictions in respect of its conduct save as disclosed in our Charter. 

 If
we are unable to consummate our initial Business Combination, our public shareholders may be forced to wait until May 2019 before
redemption from our trust account. 

 If
we are unable to consummate our initial Business Combination by May 17, 2019 (unless such date is extended), we will, as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account (less net interest earned thereon to pay taxes), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all
operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs by way of a voluntary liquidation, as further described herein.
Any redemption of public shares from the trust account shall be effected automatically by function of our Charter prior to our
commencing any voluntary liquidation. If we are required to liquidate prior to distributing the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account (less net interest earned thereon to pay taxes) pro rata to our public shareholders, then such winding up,
liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, shareholders may be
forced to wait beyond May 17, 2019 before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive
the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to shareholders
prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial Business Combination prior thereto and only
then in cases where shareholders have sought to redeem their ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will
public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination. 

 If
we are deemed to be insolvent, distributions, or part of them, may be delayed while the insolvency liquidator determines the extent
of potential creditor claims. In these circumstances, prior payments made by the Company may be deemed "voidable transactions." 

 If
we do not complete our initial Business Combination by May 17, 2019 (unless such date is extended), this will trigger an automatic
redemption of public shares from the trust account pursuant to our Charter. 

 However,
if at any time we are deemed insolvent for the purposes of the Insolvency Act (i.e. (i) we fail to comply with the requirements
of a statutory demand that has not been set aside under section 157 of the Insolvency Act; (ii) execution or other process issued
on a judgment, decree or order of a British Virgin Islands Court in favor of a creditor of the Company is returned wholly or partly
unsatisfied; or (iii) either the value of the Company's liabilities exceeds its assets, or the Company is unable to pay
its debts as they fall due), we are required to immediately enter insolvent liquidation. In these circumstances, a liquidator
will be appointed who will give notice to our creditors inviting them to submit their claims for payment, by notifying known creditors
(if any) who have not submitted claims and by placing a public advertisement in at least one newspaper published in the British
Virgin Islands and in at least one newspaper circulating in the location where the Company has its principal place of business,
and taking any other steps he considers appropriate, after which our assets would be distributed. Following the process of insolvent
liquidation, the liquidator will complete its final report and accounts and will then notify the Registrar of Corporate Affairs
in the British Virgin Islands (the "Registrar"). The liquidator may determine that he requires additional time to
evaluate creditors' claims (particularly if there is uncertainty over the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors).
Also, a creditor or shareholder may file a petition with the British Virgin Islands Court which, if successful, may result in
our liquidation being subject to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution of some or all of our assets
to our public shareholders. In such liquidation proceedings, the funds held in our trust account may be included in our estate
and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any such claims deplete
the trust account we cannot assure you we will be able to return to our public shareholders the amounts otherwise payable to them. 

 62 

 If
we are deemed insolvent, then there are also limited circumstances where prior payments made to shareholders or other parties
may be deemed to be a "voidable transaction" for the purposes of the Insolvency Act. A voidable transaction would
be, for these purposes, payments made as "unfair preferences" or "transactions at an undervalue." Where
a payment was a risk of being a voidable transaction, a liquidator appointed over an insolvent company could apply to the British
Virgin Islands Court for an order, inter alia, for the transaction to be set aside as a voidable transaction in whole or in part. 

 Our
Sponsor has waived its right to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to the initial shares. We will pay the
costs of our liquidation and distribution of the trust account from our remaining assets outside of the trust account. In addition,
our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us, for all claims of creditors to the extent that we fail to obtain executed
waivers from such entities in order to protect the amounts held in trust, except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we cannot assure you that the
liquidator will not determine that he or she requires additional time to evaluate creditors' claims (particularly if there
is uncertainty over the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors). We also cannot assure you that a creditor or shareholder
will not file a petition with the British Virgin Islands Court which, if successful, may result in our liquidation being subject
to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution of some or all of our assets to our public shareholders. 

 We
may qualify as a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences
to U.S. investors. 

 If
we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder
of our securities, the U.S. Holder may be subject to increased U.S. federal income tax liability and may be subject to additional
reporting requirements. For purposes of this analysis, a US Holder is defined as 

 &#9679;
an individual citizen or resident of the United States; 

 &#9679;
a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized (or
treated as created or organized) in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 

 &#9679;
an estate whose income is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or 

 &#9679;
a trust if (i) a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over the trust's administration and one or more U.S. persons
are authorized to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (ii) it has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S.
Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. 

 A
foreign (i.e., non-U.S.) corporation will be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, for U.S. tax purposes if at least
75% of its gross income in a taxable year, including its pro rata share of the gross income of any corporation in which it is
considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value, is passive income. Alternatively, a foreign corporation will be a PFIC
if at least 50% of its assets in a taxable year of the foreign corporation, ordinarily determined based on fair market value and
averaged quarterly over the year, including its pro rata share of the assets of any corporation in which it is considered to own
at least 25% of the shares by value, are held for the production of, or produce, passive income. Passive income generally includes
dividends, interest, rents and royalties (other than rents or royalties derived from the active conduct of a trade or business)
and gains from the disposition of passive assets. 

 Because
we are a blank check company, with no current active business, we believe that it is likely that we have met the PFIC asset or
income test beginning with our initial taxable year ending December 31, 2017. However, pursuant to a start-up exception, a corporation
will not be a PFIC for the first taxable year the corporation has gross income (in our case, our taxable year ending December
31, 2017), if (1) no predecessor of the corporation was a PFIC; (2) the corporation satisfies the IRS that it will not be a PFIC
for either of the first two taxable years following the start-up year (in our case, our taxable years ending December 31, 2018
and December 31, 2019); and (3) the corporation is not in fact a PFIC for either of those years. The applicability of the start-up
exception to us will not be known until after the close of our current taxable year ending December 31, 2018. Even if our initial
business combination is completed during our taxable year ending December 31, 2018, we may still meet one of the PFIC tests depending
on the timing of the acquisition and the amount of our passive income and assets as well as any passive income and assets of the
businesses acquired in the business combination. If we do not satisfy the start-up exception, we will likely be considered a PFIC
since our date of formation, and will continue to be treated as a PFIC until we no longer satisfy the PFIC tests (and in general,
the PFIC rules would continue to apply to any US Holder who held our ordinary shares or warrants at any time we were considered
a PFIC). If you made or will make a timely "mark to market" election (as described in the PFIC rules) with respect
to you ordinary shares you may avoid the adverse tax consequences of owning PFIC shares. However, such "mark-to-market"
election is not available for our warrants. We urge you to consult your own tax adviser regarding the possible application of
the PFIC rules in your particular circumstances. 

 63 

 An
investor may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences in the event the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS")
were to disagree with the U.S. federal income tax consequences described herein. 

 We
have not sought a ruling from the IRS as to any U.S. federal income tax consequences described herein. The IRS may disagree with
the descriptions of U.S. federal income tax consequences contained herein, and its determination may be upheld by a court. Any
such determination could subject an investor or our company to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences that would be different
than those described herein. Accordingly, each prospective investor is urged to consult a tax advisor with respect to the specific
tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our ordinary shares, rights and warrants, including the applicability
and effect of state, local or non-U.S. tax laws, as well as U.S. federal tax laws. 

 An
investment in our securities may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. 

 An
investment in our securities may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no
authorities that directly address instruments similar to the units issued in our IPO, the allocation an investor makes with respect
to the purchase price of the unit between the ordinary shares and the warrant to purchase one-half of one ordinary share included
in each unit could be challenged by the IRS or the courts. Furthermore, the United States federal income tax consequences of a
cashless exercise of warrants included in the units sold in our IPO is unclear under current law. See the section titled "Taxation
 United States Federal Income Taxation" for a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of an
investment in our securities. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax
consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities. 

 You
may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may
be limited, because we are incorporated under British Virgin Islands law. 

 We
are a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to enforce
judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 

 Our
corporate affairs are governed by our Charter, the Companies Act and the common law of the British Virgin Islands. The rights
of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our
directors to us under British Virgin Islands law are governed by the Companies Act and the common law of the British Virgin Islands.
The common law of the British Virgin Islands is derived from English common law, and while the decisions of the English courts
are of persuasive authority, they are not binding on a court in the British Virgin Islands. The rights of our shareholders and
the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under British Virgin Islands law may not be as clearly established as they would
be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the British Virgin Islands
has a less developed body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and some states, such as Delaware, have more fully
developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, while statutory provisions do exist in British Virgin
Islands law for derivative actions to be brought in certain circumstances, shareholders in BVI companies may not have standing
to initiate a shareholder derivative action in a federal court of the United States. The circumstances in which any such action
may be brought, and the procedures and defenses that may be available in respect to any such action, may result in the rights
of shareholders of a BVI company being more limited than those of shareholders of a company organized in the United States. Accordingly,
shareholders may have fewer alternatives available to them if they believe that corporate wrongdoing has occurred. 

 The
British Virgin Islands Courts are also unlikely: 

 &#9679; 
 to
 recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States based on certain civil liability provisions of U.S.
 securities laws where that liability is in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal or revenue obligations of
 the company; and 

 &#9679; 
 to
 impose liabilities against us, in original actions brought in the British Virgin Islands, based on certain civil liability
 provisions of U.S. securities laws that are penal in nature. 

 There
is no statutory recognition in the British Virgin Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, although the courts of the
British Virgin Islands will in certain circumstances recognize such a foreign judgment and treat it as a cause of action in itself
which may be sued upon as a debt at common law so that no retrial of the issues would be necessary provided that the U.S. judgment: 

 64 

 &#9679; 
 the
 U.S. court issuing the judgment had jurisdiction in the matter and the company either submitted to such jurisdiction or was
 resident or carrying on business within such jurisdiction and was duly served with process; 

 &#9679; 
 is
 final and for a liquidated sum; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 judgment given by the U.S. court was not in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal or revenue obligations of
 the company; 

 &#9679; 
 in
 obtaining judgment there was no fraud on the part of the person in whose favor judgment was given or on the part of the court; 

 &#9679; 
 recognition
 or enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to public policy in the British Virgin Islands; and 

 &#9679; 
 the
 proceedings pursuant to which judgment was obtained were not contrary to natural justice. 

 In
appropriate circumstances, a British Virgin Islands Court may give effect in the British Virgin Islands to other kinds of final
foreign judgments such as declaratory orders, orders for performance of contracts and injunctions. 

 As
a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions
taken by management or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a U.S. company. 

 We
are an "emerging growth company" and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging
growth companies will make our securities less attractive to investors. 

 We
are an "emerging growth company," as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an "emerging growth company"
for up to five years from the closing of our IPO. However, if our annual gross revenue exceeds $1.07 billion, if our non-convertible
debt issued within a three-year period exceeds $1.0 billion, or the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates
exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth
company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and we are exempt from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

 Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared
effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised
financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and
comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We
have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has
different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, will not adopt the new or revised
standard until the time private companies are required to adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial
statements with another public company which is either not an emerging growth company or is an emerging growth company which has
opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards
used. We cannot predict if investors will find our ordinary shares less attractive because we may rely on these provisions. If
some investors find our ordinary shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our shares
and our share price may be more volatile. 

 65 

 Current
employees of the Target Companies may leave to start a competing business or join a competitor. The loss of an employee in either
manner could result in a decline in each Company's revenues and adversely affect each company's financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows. 

 Many
merger and acquisition (M&A) deals have inherent retention issues resulting from negative attitudes often felt by employees,
including, but not limited to: 

 &#9679; 
 Uncertainty
 about the future organizational direction 

 &#9679; 
 Feelings
 of loss of previous organizational culture 

 &#9679; 
 Uncertainty
 about personal job security 

 &#9679; 
 Feelings
 of confusion due to a lack of communication 

 &#9679; 
 Perceptions
 of increased job stress and workload 

 While
we will endeavor to proactively work to maintain or regain employee trust to keep them and the intellectual capital they represent
"on board," there may be instances where employees will leave to start a competing venture or join a competitor. 

 Risk
Factors Relating to the Redemption 

 Unlike
many blank check companies, we do not have a specified maximum percentage redemption threshold, but we may be unable to consummate
the Business Combination if there are substantial redemptions by our public shareholders. 

 Since we have no specified
percentage threshold for redemption in our Charter other than the 20% threshold discussed below, our structure is different in
this respect from the structure that has been used by many blank check companies. Many blank check companies would not be able
to consummate a Business Combination if the holders of the company's public shares voted against a proposed Business Combination
and elected to redeem or convert more than a specified aggregate percentage of the shares sold in such company's initial
public offering, which aggregate percentage threshold has typically been between 19.99% and 39.99%. The absence of such an aggregate
redemption threshold makes it easier for us to consummate a Business Combination with which a substantial number of our shareholders
may not agree. Each redemption of public shares by our public shareholders will decrease the amount in our trust account, which
held $231,553,535.80 as of April 30, 2018. 

 However, we are limited
by the need to have at least $5,000,001 in net tangible assets. This condition effectively requires us to generate at least $150
million in gross proceeds in the Forward Purchase Agreement if the holders of 6,905,839 public shares outstanding as of April
30, 2018 redeem their shares in connection with the Business Combination (if the Business Combination were consummated as
of that date). As a result, even if the Business Combination Proposal is approved, we may be unable to consummate the Business
Combination unless we can raise sufficient gross proceeds to maintain at least $5,000,001 in net tangible assets after redemptions. 

 66 

 If
you or a "group" of shareholders of which you are a part are deemed to hold an aggregate of 20% or more of our ordinary
shares issued in the IPO, you (or, if a member of such a group, all of the members of such group in the aggregate) will lose the
ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 20% of our ordinary shares issued in the IPO. 

 A
public shareholder, together with any of his, her or its affiliates or any other person with whom it is acting in concert or as
a "group" (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming in the aggregate his,
her or its shares or, if part of such a group, the group's shares, in excess of 20% of the outstanding shares issued in
the IPO. We refer to such shares aggregating 20% or more of the shares issued in the IPO as "Excess Shares". In order
to determine whether a shareholder is acting in concert or as a group with another shareholder, the Company will require each
public shareholder seeking to exercise redemption rights to certify to the Company whether such shareholder is acting in concert
or as a group with any other shareholder. Such certifications, together with other public information relating to share ownership
available to the Company at that time, such as Section 13D, Section 13G and Section 16 filings under the Exchange Act, will be
the sole basis on which the Company makes the above-referenced determination. A public shareholder's inability to redeem
any Excess Shares will reduce that shareholder's influence over our ability to consummate the Business Combination. A shareholder
could suffer a material loss on its investment in us if it sold Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, a shareholder
will not receive redemption distributions with respect to its Excess Shares if we consummate the Business Combination. As a result,
any such shareholder will continue to hold that number of shares equal to its Excess Shares and, in order to dispose of such shares,
would be required to sell its shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Notwithstanding the foregoing, shareholders
may challenge the Company's determination as to whether a shareholder is acting in concert or as a group with another shareholder
in a court of competent jurisdiction. 

 There
is no guarantee that a shareholder's decision whether to redeem its shares for a pro rata portion of the trust account will
put the shareholder in a better future economic position. 

 We
can give no assurance as to the price at which a shareholder may be able to sell its public shares in the future following the
completion of the Business Combination or any alternative Business Combination. Certain events following the consummation of any
Business Combination, including the Business Combination, may cause an increase in our share price, and may result in a lower
value realized now than a shareholder of NESR might realize in the future had the shareholder not elected to redeem such shareholder's
shares. Similarly, if a shareholder does not redeem its shares, the shareholder will bear the risk of ownership of the public
shares after the consummation of any Business Combination, and there can be no assurance that a shareholder can sell its shares
in the future for a greater amount than the redemption price set forth in this proxy statement. A shareholder should consult the
shareholder's own tax and/or financial advisor for assistance on how this may affect his, her or its individual situation. 

 If
our shareholders fail to comply with the redemption requirements specified in this proxy statement, they will not be entitled
to redeem their ordinary shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in our trust account. 

 NESR
public shareholders are not required to affirmatively vote for or against the Business Combination in order to redeem their ordinary
shares for cash. This means that public shareholders who hold NESR ordinary shares on or before May 16, 2018 (two (2) business
days before the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting) may elect to redeem their shares whether or not they are holders
as of the record date, and whether or not they vote for the Business Combination Proposal, so long as they submit a request in
writing and properly deliver their shares (either physically or electronically) to our transfer agent at least two business days
prior to the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. Shareholders electing to redeem their shares will receive their pro
rata portion of the trust account less taxes payable, calculated as of two business days prior to the anticipated consummation
of the Business Combination. See the section entitled "Special Meeting in Lieu of an Annual Meeting of NESR Shareholders
-- Redemption Rights" for additional information on how to exercise your redemption rights. 

 67 

 UNAUDITED
PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

 The
following unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2017 and the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2017 are based on the historical financial statements of NESR, NPS and
GES. NESR, NPS and GES shall collectively be referred to herein as the "combined company." 

 The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been prepared in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2017 gives pro forma effect
to the Business Combination and the Backstop Commitment as if they had occurred on January 1, 2017. The unaudited pro forma
condensed combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2017 assumes that the Business Combination and the Backstop Commitment
were completed on December 31, 2017. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is presented on the
basis of NESR as the accounting acquirer. 

 The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2017 has been prepared using the following: 

 &#9679; 
 NESR's
 audited consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2017 and the related notes as included elsewhere in this proxy statement; 

 &#9679; 
 NPS's
 audited consolidated statement of financial position as of December 31, 2017 and the related notes, as included elsewhere
 in this proxy statement; and 

 &#9679; 
 GES's
 audited consolidated statement of financial position as of December 31, 2017 and the related notes, as included elsewhere
 in this proxy statement. 

 The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2017 has been prepared using the
following: 

 &#9679; 
 NESR's
 audited consolidated statement of operations for the period from January 23, 2017 (inception) to December 31, 2017 and the
 related notes as included elsewhere in this proxy statement; 

 &#9679; 
 NPS's
 audited consolidated income statement for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the related notes, as included elsewhere in
 this proxy statement; and 

 &#9679; 
 GES's
 audited consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the
 related notes, as included elsewhere in this proxy statement. 

 68 

 The historical financial
information of GES has been adjusted to give effect to the differences between the accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America ("US GAAP") and International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB"). The adjustments presented in the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial information have been identified and presented to provide relevant information necessary for an accurate understanding
of the combined company upon consummation of the Business Combination and the Backstop Commitment. 

 The allocation of the purchase
consideration for the Business Combination and the Backstop Commitment depend upon certain estimates and assumptions, all
of which are preliminary. The allocation of the purchase consideration has been made for the purpose of developing the unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial information. A final determination of fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed
relating to the acquisition could differ materially from the preliminary allocation of purchase consideration. This final valuation
will be based on the actual net tangible and intangible assets of NPS and GES existing at the acquisition date. Therefore, certain
pro forma adjustments, such as recording fair value of assets and liabilities, conversion from IFRS as issued by the IASB to US
GAAP, and adjustments for consistency of accounting policy, are preliminary in this unaudited condensed combined pro forma financial
information and are subject to further adjustments as additional information becomes available and as additional analyses are
performed. The final valuation may materially change the allocation of purchase consideration, which could materially affect the
fair values assigned to the assets and liabilities and could result in a material change to the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial information. 

 NESR
is a blank check company formed in the British Virgin Islands on January 23, 2017. NESR was formed for the purpose of acquiring,
engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering
into contractual arrangements, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities.
Although NESR is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating such a transaction, NESR
intends to focus on businesses that operate in the energy services industry, with an emphasis on oil and gas services globally.
Effective November 12, 2017, NESR, NPS and GES entered into agreements under which NESR intends to consummate the Business Combination. 

 Two
scenarios are presented in the following pro forma information as follows: 

 &#9679; 
 Assuming
 No Redemption : This presentation assumes that no NESR shareholders exercise redemption rights with respect to their public
 shares for a pro rata portion of the trust account and assumes that NESR does not issue any additional ordinary shares. 

 &#9679; 
 Assuming
 Maximum Redemption : This presentation assumes that the NESR public shareholders holding 6,905,839 NESR ordinary shares
 exercise their redemption rights and that such shares are redeemed for their pro rata share of the funds in the trust account. 

 69 

 The
Business Combination is accounted for under the scope of Financial Accounting Standards Board's Accounting Standards Codification
Topic 805, Business Combinations ("ASC 805"). Pursuant to ASC 805, NESR has been determined to be the accounting
acquirer based on evaluation of the following facts and circumstances: 

 &#9679; 
 NESR
 is transferring cash via the use of funds in NESR's trust account, issuing NESR ordinary shares, and will be incurring
 liabilities to execute the Business Combination; 

 &#9679; 
 NESR's
 executive management will comprise the executive management of the combined company; 

 &#9679; 
 NESR
 has the right to nominate 4 out of the 9 initial members who will serve on the Board of Directors of the combined company.
 Furthermore, NESR's Chief Executive Officer will be the Chairman of the Board of the combined company. This provides
 a plurality for NESR with no other company representing more than 3 seats on the Board of the combined company. There are
 also no special voting rights conveyed in the Business Combination; 

 &#9679; 
 NESR
 was the entity that initiated the Business Combination; and 

 &#9679; 
 The
 headquarters of the combined company will be moved to NESR. 

 The
 preponderance of
the evidence discussed above supports the conclusion that NESR is the accounting acquirer in the Business Combination. 

 NPS
and GES both constitute businesses. Accordingly, the Business Combination constitutes the acquisition of such business for purposes
of ASC 805, and due to the change in control from the Business Combination, are accounted for using the acquisition method. 

 70 

 UNAUDITED
PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2017 

 As
 of December 31, 2017 

 As
 of December 31, 2017 

 Additional 

 As
 of December 31, 2017 

 NESR 
 (Historical) 
 (US GAAP) 

 NPS 
 (Historical) 
 (US GAAP) 

 GES 
 (Historical) 
 (3) 

 Combined 

 Purchase
 Accounting Adjustments 

 Pro
 Forma Adjustments (Assuming Minimum Redemptions) 

 Pro
 Forma Combined (Assuming Minimum Redemptions) 

 Pro
 Forma Adjustments (Assuming Maximum Redemptions) 

 Pro
 Forma Combined (Assuming Maximum Redemptions) 

 (in
 thousands) 

 ASSETS 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents 
 
 $ 
 741 

 $ 
 24,502 

 $ 
 6,756 

 $ 
 31,999 

 $ 
 (305,212 
 )(b) 
 
 $ 
 230,554 
 (e) 

 $ 
 100,316 

 $ 
 (69,058 
 )(i) 
 
 $ 
 33,675 

 150,000 
 (f) 

 2,417 
 (g) 

 (7,025 
 )(g) 

 - 

 Short
 term deposits 

 - 

 3,043 

 - 

 3,043 

 - 

 - 

 3,043 

 - 

 3,043 

 Accounts
 receivable 

 - 

 58,174 

 29,156 

 87,330 

 - 

 - 

 87,330 

 - 

 87,330 

 Unbilled
 revenue 

 - 

 24,167 

 44,558 

 68,725 

 - 

 - 

 68,725 

 - 

 68,725 

 Inventories 

 - 

 32,313 

 28,438 

 60,751 

 - 

 - 

 60,751 

 - 

 60,751 

 Other
 receivable 

 - 

 13,430 

 419 

 13,849 

 - 

 - 

 13,849 

 - 

 13,849 

 Prepaid
 expenses 

 127 

 5,268 

 640 

 6,035 

 - 

 - 

 6,035 

 - 

 6,035 

 Due
 from related parties, current 

 - 

 - 

 1,097 

 1,097 

 - 

 - 

 1,097 

 - 

 1,097 

 Advances
 to suppliers and other current assets 

 - 

 958 

 10,751 

 11,709 

 - 

 - 

 11,709 

 - 

 11,709 

 Total
 current assets 

 868 

 161,855 

 121,815 

 284,538 

 (305,212 
 ) 

 373,529 

 352,855 

 (66,641 
 ) 

 286,214 

 Cash
 and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

 230,554 

 - 

 - 

 230,554 

 - 

 (230,554 
 )(e) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Property,
 plant and equipment 

 - 

 264,269 

 105,848 

 370,117 

 33,000 
 (c) 

 - 

 403,117 

 - 

 403,117 

 Other
 assets 

 - 

 11,385 

 446 

 11,831 

 (4,472 
 )(c) 

 - 

 7,359 

 - 

 7,359 

 Intangible
 assets 

 - 

 10 

 27 

 37 

 177,963 
 (c) 

 - 

 178,000 

 - 

 178,000 

 Goodwill 

 - 

 182,053 

 - 

 182,053 

 202,409 
 (c) 

 - 

 384,462 

 - 

 384,462 

 Investments
 in joint ventures 

 - 

 - 

 4,209 

 4,209 

 - 

 - 

 4,209 

 - 

 4,209 

 Due
 from related parties 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Total
 assets 
 
 $ 
 231,422 

 $ 
 619,572 

 $ 
 232,345 

 $ 
 1,083,339 

 $ 
 103,688 

 $ 
 142,975 

 $ 
 1,330,002 

 $ 
 (66,641 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 1,263,361 

 LIABILITIES
 AND EQUITY 

 Accounts
 payable 
 
 $ 
 - 

 $ 
 25,132 

 $ 
 25,414 

 $ 
 50,546 

 $ 
 - 

 $ 
 - 

 $ 
 50,546 

 $ 
 - 

 $ 
 50,546 

 Accrued
 expenses 

 3,474 

 23,324 

 22,515 

 49,313 

 - 

 52,540 
 (h) 

 101,853 

 - 

 101,853 

 Current
 portion of loans and borrowings 

 - 

 - 

 19,588 

 19,588 

 - 

 - 

 19,588 

 - 

 19,588 

 Short-term
 borrowings 

 - 

 8,773 

 6,376 

 15,149 

 - 

 - 

 15,149 

 - 

 15,149 

 Capital
 lease obligation, current 

 - 

 - 

 189 

 189 

 - 

 - 

 189 

 - 

 189 

 Advance
 from related party 

 1 

 - 

 - 

 1 

 - 

 - 

 1 

 - 

 1 

 Due
 to related parties, current 

 - 

 25 

 7,629 

 7,654 

 - 

 - 

 7,654 

 - 

 7,654 

 Other
 current liabilities 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 31,699 
 (b) 

 - 

 31,699 

 - 

 31,699 

 Current
 end of service benefits 

 - 

 2,552 

 - 

 2,552 

 - 

 - 

 2,552 

 - 

 2,552 

 Income
 taxes payable 

 - 

 2,651 

 8,590 

 11,241 

 - 

 - 

 11,241 

 - 

 11,241 

 Total
 current liabilities 

 3,475 

 62,457 

 90,301 

 156,233 

 31,699 

 52,540 

 240,472 

 - 

 240,472 

 Deferred
 underwriting fees 

 9,022 

 - 

 - 

 9,022 

 - 

 (9,022 
 )(g) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Loans
 and borrowings 

 - 

 147,024 

 29,296 

 176,320 

 3,385 
 (c) 

 - 

 179,705 

 - 

 179,705 

 Other
 liabilities 

 - 

 4,472 

 - 

 4,472 

 - 

 - 

 4,472 

 - 

 4,472 

 Capital
 lease obligation 

 - 

 - 

 44 

 44 

 - 

 - 

 44 

 - 

 44 

 Long-term
 income taxes payable 

 - 

 3,530 

 - 

 3,530 

 - 

 - 

 3,530 

 - 

 3,530 

 Deferred
 tax liabilities 

 - 

 1,922 

 - 

 1,922 

 35,600 
 (c) 

 - 

 37,522 

 - 

 37,522 

 Due
 to related parties 

 - 

 - 

 445 

 445 

 - 

 - 

 445 

 - 

 445 

 Liability
 for pension benefits 

 - 

 10,738 

 1,572 

 12,310 

 - 

 - 

 12,310 

 - 

 12,310 

 Total
 liabilities 

 12,497 

 230,143 

 121,658 

 364,298 

 70,684 

 43,518 

 478,500 

 - 

 478,500 

 Commitments 

 Ordinary
 shares subject to possible redemption 

 164,281 

 - 

 - 

 164,281 

 - 

 (164,281 
 )(e) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Equity 

 Ordinary
 shares 

 57,508 

 - 

 - 

 57,508 

 533,120 
 (b) 

 316,288 
 (e)(f)(g) 

 906,916 

 (68,367 
 )(g)(i) 

 838,549 

 Common
 stock 

 - 

 342,250 

 1,300 

 343,550 

 (343,550 
 )(d) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Convertible
 redeemable shares 

 - 

 27,750 

 - 

 27,750 

 (27,750 
 )(d) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Additional
 paid in capital 

 - 

 3,345 

 26,526 

 29,871 

 (29,871 
 )(d) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Accumulated
 deficit 

 (2,864 
 ) 

 18,480 

 78,056 

 93,672 

 (96,536 
 )(d) 

 (52,550 
 )(g)(h) 

 (55,414 
 ) 

 1,726 
 (g) 

 (53,688 
 ) 
 
 Accumulated
 other comprehensive (loss) income 

 - 

 (436 
 ) 

 - 

 (436 
 ) 

 436 
 (d) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Total
 shareholders' equity 

 54,644 

 391,389 

 105,882 

 551,915 

 35,849 

 263,738 

 851,502 

 (66,641 
 ) 

 784,861 

 Noncontrolling
 interests 

 - 

 (1,960 
 ) 

 4,805 

 2,845 

 (2,845 
 )(d) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Total
 equity 

 54,644 

 389,429 

 110,687 

 554,760 

 33,004 

 263,738 

 851,502 

 (66,641 
 ) 

 784,861 

 TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
 $ 
 231,422 

 $ 
 619,572 

 $ 
 232,345 

 $ 
 1,083,339 

 $ 
 103,688 

 $ 
 142,975 

 $ 
 1,330,002 

 $ 
 (66,641 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 1,263,361 

 See
accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information. 

 71 

 UNAUDITED
PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2017 

 For
 the Period from January 23, 2017 (Inception) through December 31, 2017 

 For
 the Year Ended 
 December 31, 2017 

 For
 the Year Ended 
 December 31, 2017 

 Additional 

 For
 the Year Ended 
 December 31, 2017 

 NESR 
 (Historical) 
 (US GAAP) 

 NPS 
 (Historical) 
 (US GAAP) 

 GES 
 (Historical) 
 (3) 

 Combined 

 Purchase
 Accounting Adjustments 

 Pro
 Forma Adjustments (Assuming Minimum Redemptions) 

 Pro
 Forma Combined (Assuming Minimum Redemptions) 

 Pro
 Forma Adjustments (Assuming Maximum Redemptions) 

 Pro
 Forma Combined (Assuming Maximum Redemptions) 

 (in
 thousands, except share and per share data) 

 Revenues 
 
 $ 
 - 

 $ 
 271,324 

 $ 
 186,564 

 $ 
 457,888 

 $ 
 - 

 $ 
 - 

 $ 
 457,888 

 $ 
 - 

 $ 
 457,888 

 Cost of services 

 - 

 (200,149 
 ) 

 (128,262 
 ) 

 (328,411 
 ) 

 16,849 
 (aa) 

 - 

 (311,562 
 ) 

 - 

 (311,562 

 Gross profit 

 - 

 71,175 

 58,302 

 129,477 

 16,849 

 - 

 146,326 

 - 

 146,326 

 Depreciation and amortization expense 

 - 

 (607 
 ) 

 - 

 (607 
 ) 

 (6,070 
 )(aa) 

 - 

 (6,677 
 ) 

 - 

 (6,677) 

 Selling, general
 and administrative 

 (4,215 
 ) 

 (30,336 
 ) 

 (17,483 
 ) 

 (52,034 
 ) 

 (5,185 
 )(aa) 

 1,613
 
 (cc)(dd) 

 (55,606 
 ) 

 - 

 (55,606 

 Total operating
 costs and expenses 

 (4,215 
 ) 

 (30,943 
 ) 

 (17,483 
 ) 

 (52,641 
 ) 

 (11,255 
 ) 

 1,613 

 (62,283 
 ) 

 - 

 (62,283) 

 Operating (loss) income 

 (4,215 
 ) 

 40,232 

 40,819 

 76,836 

 5,594 

 1,613 

 84,043 

 - 

 84,043 

 Change in fair value of deferred underwriting
 fee liability 

 10 

 - 

 - 

 10 

 - 

 - 

 10 

 - 

 10 

 Unrealized loss on marketable securities held
 in Trust Account 

 (3 
 ) 

 - 

 - 

 (3 
 ) 

 - 

 - 

 (3 
 ) 

 - 

 (3 
 ) 
 
 Interest expense 

 - 

 (6,720 
 ) 

 (3,869 
 ) 

 (10,589 
 ) 

 - 

 - 

 (10,589 
 ) 

 - 

 (10,589 

 Interest income 

 1,344 

 - 

 1,611 

 2,955 

 - 

 - 

 2,955 

 - 

 2,955 

 Other (expense)
 income, net 

 - 

 (573 
 ) 

 5,201 

 4,628 

 - 

 - 

 4,628 

 - 

 4,628 

 (Loss) income before income taxes 

 (2,864 
 ) 

 32,939 

 43,762 

 73,837 

 5,594 

 1,613 

 81,044 

 - 

 81,044 

 Provision for income
 taxes 

 - 

 (4,586 
 ) 

 (7,337 
 ) 

 (11,923 
 ) 

 (1,118 
 )(bb) 

 (323 
 )(bb) 

 (13,364 
 ) 

 - 

 (13,364) 

 Net (loss) income 

 (2,864 
 ) 

 28,353 

 36,425 

 61,914 

 4,476 

 1,290 

 67,680 

 - 

 67,680 

 Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling
 interests 

 - 

 2,273 

 (4,310 
 ) 

 (2,037 
 ) 

 - 

 - 

 (2,037 
 ) 

 - 

 (2,037 
 ) 
 
 Net (loss) income
 attributable to shareholders 
 
 $ 
 (2,864 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 30,626 

 $ 
 32,115 

 $ 
 59,877 

 $ 
 4,476 

 $ 
 1,290 

 $ 
 65,643 

 $ 
 - 

 $ 
 65,643 

 Weighted average shares outstanding 

 Basic 

 9,552,022 

 (ee) 

 96,279,872 

 (ee) 

 89,443,091 

 Diluted 

 9,552,022 

 (ee) 

 96,279,872 

 (ee) 

 89,443,091 

 Net earnings per share 

 Basic 
 
 $ 
 (0.40 
 ) 

 $ 
 0.68 

 $ 
 0.73 

 Diluted 
 
 $ 
 (0.40 
 ) 

 $ 
 0.68 

 $ 
 0.73 

 See
accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information. 

 72 

 NOTES
TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

 1. 
 Description
 of the Business Combination and Basis of Presentation 

 Effective
November 12, 2017, NESR, NPS and GES entered into agreements under which NESR intends to concurrently acquire controlling interests
in the aforementioned entities. 

 NPS
is a regional provider of products and services to the oil and gas industry in the Middle East, North Africa and Asia Pacific
regions. Its revenues are primarily derived from services provided during the drilling, completion and production phases of an
oil or natural gas well. NPS operates in twelve countries with the majority of its revenues derived from operations in the Kingdom
of Saudi Arabia, Algeria, Qatar, UAE and Iraq. 

 GES
provides drilling equipment on rental and related services, well engineering services and directional drilling services imports,
and sells oilfield equipment and renders specialized services to oil companies in the Sultanate of Oman, the Kingdom of Saudi
Arabia, Algeria, Kuwait and Yemen. 

 Description
of the NPS Transaction 

 NESR
will acquire NPS pursuant to certain transactions (collectively, the "NPS Transaction"), in exchange for certain cash
consideration and the issuance of NESR ordinary shares, discussed further below. 

 On
November 12, 2017, NESR entered into the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement among NESR and Hana Investments, as purchasers, the NPS
Selling Stockholders, as sellers, and NPS, pursuant to which the NPS Selling Stockholders agreed to sell to NESR and Hana Investments,
in a separate closing for each purchaser, 100% of the 370,000,000 outstanding NPS shares, and pursuant to which Hana Investments
agreed to exchange its portion of the acquired NPS shares for NESR ordinary shares at the time that NESR completes the Business
Combination. 

 Hana
Investments agreed to pay $150 million of the total cash requirements to certain NPS Selling Stockholders to purchase 83,660,878
shares of NPS. 

 Upon
approval by the shareholders of NESR, NESR has agreed to buy the remaining outstanding NPS shares by (i) paying the remaining
$292.8 million cash required and (ii) ordinary shares of NESR for the balance of the purchase price, subject to certain adjustments. 

 Contemporaneously
on the Closing Date, Hana Investments shall transfer the 83,660,878 NPS shares it acquired from the NPS Selling Stockholders to
NESR in exchange for NESR ordinary shares. 

 Potential
earn-out mechanisms enable the NPS Selling Stockholders to receive additional consideration after the Closing Date as follows: 

 &#9679; 
 Cash
 Earn-Out: NESR has agreed to pay an additional $7.6 million in cash, payable upon renewal of a major customer contract by
 NPS or its subsidiaries, provided the renewal is on materially the same terms. Such customer contract will not be deemed to
 be renewed on materially the same terms if some services are excluded or prices are materially reduced from the prior year
 upon renewal. 

 &#9679; 
 Equity
 Stock Earn-Out: Up to 1,671,704 NESR ordinary shares will be issued to the NPS Selling Stockholders that exchange their shares
 for NESR stock if the 2018 EBITDA of NESR satisfies scheduled financial thresholds. 

 &#9679; 
 Second
 Equity Stock Earn-Out: Up to an additional 1,671,704 NESR ordinary shares will be issued to the NPS Selling Stockholders if
 the 2018 EBITDA of NESR satisfies scheduled thresholds higher than the first Equity Stock Earn-Out financial thresholds. 

 73 

 NESR
is subject to certain penalties for delays in receiving shareholder approval to complete the Business Combination. The Selling
Stockholders have negotiated a fee (the "Ticker Fee") that will begin to accrue daily on cash not paid by January
1, 2018. NESR expects to enter into a waiver agreement with the Selling Stockholders for the portion of the Ticker Fee accrued
for the period from January 1, 2018 through February 28, 2018. For purposes of this pro forma presentation, it is assumed that
the Ticker Fee for the period from January 1, 2018 through February 28, 2018 will be waived and the NPS Transaction will close
on May 15, 2018, resulting in a total estimated Ticker Fee of $11.2 million paid in cash. 

 Certain
outstanding stock-based compensation awards of NPS will be redeemed for cash as a result of the NPS Transaction. 

 Description
of the GES Transaction 

 NESR
will acquire GES pursuant to certain transactions (collectively, the "GES Transaction"), in exchange for the issuance
of NESR ordinary shares, discussed further below. 

 NESR
has entered into agreements with certain owners of GES to acquire 88% of the outstanding shares of GES through a stock exchange
for certain NESR ordinary shares. 

 NESR
Holdings has entered into agreements to acquire the remaining 12% of the outstanding shares of GES for a total purchase price
of $29.3 million. NESR Holdings organized financing of the acquisition through certain Loan Contracts with the GES Investors.
NESR executed with NESR Holdings an agreement by which NESR Holdings agreed to assign the GES shares which it acquired to NESR,
and NESR will at that time assume the obligation to satisfy the Loan Contracts. The Loan Contracts allow for the GES Investors
to receive either NESR ordinary shares, GES shares or cash in repayment of the loans, and in most of these contracts such selection
is at NESR's discretion, subject to GES Investors having the right for 21 days after filing of the Definitive Proxy Statement
to reject in writing acceptance of NESR ordinary shares. NESR does not believe that any GES Investor would reject in writing acceptance
of NESR ordinary shares. The Loan Contracts are interest bearing and are expected to bear interest of approximately $1.25 million
upon repayment. For purposes of this pro forma presentation, it is assumed that the repayment of the Loan Contracts will be made
in NESR ordinary shares and that the interest on the Loan Contracts will be made in cash, at the time of their assumption. Repayment
of the Loan Contracts in cash instead of NESR ordinary shares results in an increase to cash consideration paid of $29.3 million
and a reduction to NESR ordinary shares issued of 2,925,000. Payment of the interest on such Loan Contracts in NESR ordinary shares
instead of cash results in a decrease to cash consideration paid of $1.25 million and an increase to NESR ordinary shares issued
of 125,000. 

 74 

 The
Financing 

 Consideration
for the Business Combination will be funded through the following sources and transactions: 

 &#9679; 
 Investments
 and cash equivalents held in trust of up to $230.6 million related to NESR's IPO of units, subject to redemption by
 shareholders. Proceeds from shares not redeemed will become available upon consummation of the Business Combination; 

 &#9679; 
 The
 purchase of at least $70.0 million and potentially up to $150.0 million of NESR ordinary shares by the Backstop Investor.
 The funds received from such Backstop Commitment will be used to replace capital removed by shareholder redemptions,
 to help fund the cash portion of the consideration to the NPS Selling Stockholders and transaction expenses in the Business
 Combination, or other corporate purposes, such that the Company meets its minimum cash requirements immediately following
 the Business Combination; 

 &#9679; 
 Issuance
 of 13,340,448 ordinary shares of NESR to Hana Investments in exchange for its shares in NPS; 

 &#9679; 
 Issuance
 of 418,001 shares to Hana Investments as payment for interest accrued on Hana Investments' $150 million purchase of
 NPS shares. Based on negotiations between NESR and Hana, NESR has the right and expects to pay the $4.7 million of accrued
 interest in the form of NESR ordinary shares. 

 &#9679; 
 Issuance
 of 11,318,827 ordinary shares of NESR to the NPS Selling Stockholders in exchange for their shares in NPS; 

 &#9679; 
 Assumption
 and subsequent conversion of the Loan Contracts from NESR Holdings into ordinary shares of NESR in exchange for its shares
 in GES and related Loan Contract interest paid in cash; 

 &#9679; 
 Issuance
 of 6,825,000 ordinary shares of NESR to SV3 in exchange for its shares in GES; and 

 &#9679; 
 Issuance
 of 18,484,848 ordinary shares of NESR to the GES Selling Stockholders in exchange for their shares in GES; 

 Basis
of Presentation 

 The
pro forma adjustments have been prepared as if the Business Combination and the Backstop Commitment had been consummated
on January 1, 2017, the beginning of the earliest period presented, in the case of the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
statement of operations, and on December 31, 2017 in the case of the unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet. 

 The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been prepared using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance
with ASC 805, with NESR as the accounting acquirer, using the fair value concepts defined in the Financial
Accounting Standards Board's Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820, Fair
Value Measurement , and based on the historical consolidated financial statements of NESR, NPS and GES. Furthermore, the historical
financial information of GES has been adjusted to give effect to the differences between US GAAP and IFRS as issued by the IASB. 

 75 

 Under
the acquisition method, the acquisition-date fair value of the gross consideration paid by NESR to effect the Business Combination
was allocated to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values, as described in Note 5
below. Management has made significant estimates and assumptions in determining the preliminary allocation of the gross consideration
transferred in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information. As the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information has been prepared based on these preliminary estimates, the final amounts recorded may differ materially
from the information presented. 

 The unaudited pro forma
condensed combined financial information does not give effect to any anticipated synergies, operating efficiencies or cost savings
that may be associated with the Business Combination and the Backstop Commitment. 

 The pro forma adjustments
reflecting the consummation of the Business Combination and the Backstop Commitment are based on currently available information
and certain assumptions that NESR believes are reasonable under the circumstances. The unaudited condensed pro forma adjustments
may be revised as additional information becomes available. Therefore, it is likely that the actual adjustments will differ from
the pro forma adjustments and it is possible the difference may be material. Management believes that its assumptions provide
a reasonable basis for presenting all of the significant effects of the Business Combination and the Backstop Commitment
contemplated based on information available to management at the time and that the pro forma adjustments give appropriate effect
to those assumptions and are properly applied in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information. 

 The unaudited pro forma
condensed combined statement of operations is not necessarily indicative of what the actual results of operations would have been
had the Business Combination and the Backstop Commitment taken place on the date indicated, nor are they indicative of
the future consolidated results of operations of the combined company. They should be read in conjunction with the historical
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of NESR, NPS and GES . 

 2. 
 Reclassification
 Adjustments 

 Upon
consummation of the Business Combination, NESR will perform a comprehensive review of NPS's
and GES's accounting policies. As a result of the review, management may identify differences between the accounting
policies of NESR, NPS and GES which, when conformed, could have a material impact
on the financial statements of the combined company. Certain reclassification adjustments have been made to NPS's and GES's
historical consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2017 and consolidated results of operations for the year ended December
31, 2017 to conform to NESR's presentation. 

 The
pro forma financial information may not reflect all reclassifications necessary to conform NPS's and GES's presentations
to that of NESR due to limitations on the availability of information as of the date of this document. Accounting policy differences
and additional reclassification adjustments may be identified as more information becomes available. 

 76 

 3. 
 GES
 Historical Financial Statements 

 The
historical financial statements of GES have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and are denominated in Rial Omani. A reconciliation
from GES's as issued historical balance sheet as of December 31, 2017 and historical statements of operations for the year
ended December 31, 2017 to the amounts prepared in conformity with US GAAP and denominated in US dollars presented in the GES
(Historical) column in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet and the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
statement of operation is presented below: For both the unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet and the unaudited
pro forma condensed combined statement of operations, a Rial Omani to U.S. Dollar conversion rate of 1 US Dollar to 0.385 Rial
Omani (rate quoted from the Central Bank of Oman) was used as the movement of Rial Omani is fixed to the US Dollar. 

 GES
Historical Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2017 

 As
 of December 31, 2017 

 GES 
 (Historical) (in Rial Omani) 
 Conversion
 from Rial Omani to U.S. Dollar 
 Adjustments
 for US GAAP and IFRS Differences 
 GES 
 (Historical) (3) 
 Pro
 Forma Balance Sheet Classification 

 (in
 thousands) 

 ASSETS 

 Non-current
 assets 

 Property,
 plant and equipment 
 40,156 
 $ 104,439 
 $ (203 )(a) 
 $ 104,236 
 Property,
 plant and equipment 
 
 Intangible
 assets and goodwill 
 11 
 27 
 - 
 27 
 Intangible
 assets 
 
 Capital
 work in progress 
 620 
 1,612 
 - 
 1,612 
 Property,
 plant and equipment 
 
 Deferred
 tax asset 
 171 
 446 
 - 
 446 
 Other
 assets 
 
 Investment
 in joint venture and associate 
 1,618 
 4,209 
 - 
 4,209 
 Investments
 in joint ventures 
 
 Total
 non-current assets 
 42,576 
 110,733 
 (203 ) 
 110,530 

 Current
 assets 

 Inventories 
 10,934 
 28,438 
 - 
 28,438 
 Inventories 
 
 Trade
 and other receivables 
 32,884 
 85,524 
 (56,368 )(2) 
 29,156 
 Accounts
 receivable 

 - 
 - 
 44,558 (2) 
 44,558 
 Unbilled
 revenue 

 - 
 - 
 419 (2) 
 419 
 Other
 receivable 

 - 
 - 
 640 (2) 
 640 
 Prepaid
 expenses 

 - 
 - 
 10,751 (2) 
 10,751 
 Advances
 to suppliers and other current assets 
 
 Amounts
 due from related parties 
 422 
 1,097 
 - 
 1,097 
 Due
 from related parties, current 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents 
 2,598 
 6,756 
 - 
 6,756 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents 
 
 Total
 current assets 
 46,838 
 121,815 
 - 
 121,815 

 Total
 assets 
 89,414 
 $ 232,548 
 $ (203 ) 
 $ 232,345 

 EQUITY
 AND LIABILITIES 

 Equity 

 Share
 capital 
 500 
 $ 1,300 
 $ - 
 $ 1,300 
 Common
 stock 
 
 Legal
 reserve 
 852 
 2,216 
 - 
 2,216 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 
 Retained
 earnings 
 28,940 
 75,268 
 572 (a) 
 75,840 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 
 Shareholder's
 contribution 
 10,235 
 26,619 
 (93 )(a) 
 26,526 
 Additional
 paid in capital 
 
 Equity
 attributable to shareholders of parent company 
 40,527 
 105,403 
 479 
 105,882 

 Non-controlling
 interest 
 2,110 
 5,487 
 (682 )(a) 
 4,805 
 Noncontrolling
 interests 
 
 Total
 equity 
 42,637 
 110,890 
 (203 ) 
 110,687 

 LIABILITIES: 

 Non-current
 liabilities 

 Subordinated
 loans from related parties 
 171 
 445 
 - 
 445 
 Due
 to related parties 
 
 Loans
 and borrowings 
 917 
 2,385 
 26,911 (2) 
 29,296 
 Loans
 and borrowings 
 
 Finance
 lease liabilities 
 17 
 44 
 - 
 44 
 Capital
 lease obligation 
 
 End
 of service benefits 
 604 
 1,572 
 - 
 1,572 
 Liability
 for pension benefits 
 
 Total
 non-current liabilities 
 1,709 
 4,446 
 26,911 
 31,357 

 Current
 liabilities 

 Short
 term bank borrowings 
 2,451 
 6,376 
 - 
 6,376 
 Short-term
 borrowings 
 
 Loans
 and borrowings 
 17,879 
 46,499 
 (26,911 )(2) 
 19,588 
 Current
 portion of loans and borrowings 
 
 Finance
 lease liabilities 
 73 
 189 
 - 
 189 
 Capital
 lease obligation, current 
 
 Trade
 and other payables 
 18,429 
 47,929 
 (22,515 )(2) 
 25,414 
 Accounts
 payable 

 - 
 - 
 22,515 (2) 
 22,515 
 Accrued
 expenses 
 
 Amounts
 due to related parties 
 2,933 
 7,629 
 - 
 7,629 
 Due
 to related parties, current 
 
 Income
 tax payable 
 3,303 
 8,590 
 - 
 8,590 
 Income
 taxes payable 
 
 Total
 current liabilities 
 45,068 
 117,212 
 (26,911 ) 
 90,301 

 Total
 liabilities 
 46,777 
 121,658 
 - 
 121,658 

 Total
 equity and liabilities 
 89,414 
 $ 232,548 
 $ (203 ) 
 $ 232,345 

 77 

 GES
Historical Statement of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2017 

 For
 the Year Ended December 31, 2017 

 GES
 
 (Historical) 
 (in Rial Omani) 

 Conversion
 from Rial Omani to U.S. Dollar 

 Adjustments
 for US GAAP and IFRS Differences 

 GES 
 (Historical) 
 (3) 

 Pro
 Forma Statement of Operations Classification 

 (in
 thousands) 

 Revenue 

 71,734 

 $ 
 186,564 

 $ 
 - 

 $ 
 186,564 

 Revenues 
 
 Direct costs 

 (20,902 
 ) 

 (54,361 
 ) 

 (73,901) 
 (2) 

 (128,262 
 ) 
 
 Cost of services 
 
 Staff costs 

 (19,869 
 ) 

 (51,676 
 ) 

 51,676 
 (2) 

 - 

 Depreciation and
 Amortization 

 (8,546 
 ) 

 (22,225 
 ) 

 22,225
 
 (2) 

 - 

 Gross profit 

 22,417 

 58,302 

 - 

 58,302 

 Administrative and general expense 

 (6,722 
 ) 

 (17,483 
 ) 

 - 

 (17,483 
 ) 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 
 Finance costs 

 (1,487 
 ) 

 (3,869 
 ) 

 - 

 (3,869 
 ) 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 Finance income 

 619 

 1,611 

 - 

 1,611 

 Interest income 
 
 Other income 

 1,622 

 4,217 

 - 

 4,217 

 Other income (expense), net 
 
 Share of profit
 of equity-accounted investee, net of tax 

 378 

 984 

 - 

 984 

 Other income (expense),
 net 
 
 Profit before taxation 

 16,827 

 43,762 

 43,762 

 Income tax expense 

 (2,821 
 ) 

 (7,337 
 ) 

 - 

 (7,337 
 ) 
 
 Provision for income
 taxes 
 
 Net profit and
 total comprehensive income for the year 

 14,006 

 36,425 

 36,425 

 Net profit and total comprehensive income
 attributable to: 

 Share holders
 of the Company 

 12,348 

 32,115 

 32,115 

 Non-controlling
 interest 

 1,658 

 4,310 

 - 

 4,310 

 Net (income) loss
 attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 
 Net profit and
 total comprehensive income for the year 

 14,006 

 $ 
 36,425 

 $ 

 $ 
 36,425 

 4.
Adjustments to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information 

 The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been prepared to illustrate the effect of the Business Combination
and the Backstop Commitment and has been prepared for informational purposes only. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
statement of operations is not necessarily indicative of what the actual results of operations would have been had the Business
Combination and the Backstop Commitment taken place on the date indicated, nor are they indicative of the future consolidated
results of operations of the combined company. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is based upon
the historical consolidated financial statements of NESR, NPS and GES and should
be read in conjunction with their historical financial statements. 

 78 

 The
historical consolidated financial statements have been adjusted in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information
to give effect to pro forma events that are (1) directly attributable to the Business Combination and the Backstop Commitment,
(2) factually supportable, and (3) with respect to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations, expected
to have a continuing impact on the results of the combined company. 

 The
pro forma combined provision for income taxes does not necessarily reflect the amounts that would have resulted had the combined
company filed a consolidated income tax returns during the period presented. 

 The
pro forma basic and diluted earnings per share amounts presented in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations
are based upon the number of NESR's shares outstanding, assuming the Business Combination and the Backstop Commitment
occurred on January 1, 2017. 

 Adjustments
to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet 

 The
pro forma adjustments included in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2017 are as follows: 

 (a) 
 Reflects the net
 effect from the historical acquisition of a business from a third party by a related party of GES. Such business was later
 transferred to GES in a common control transaction. This adjustment results from the difference in the basis of presentation
 of the historical financial statements of GES, which are prepared in accordance with IFRS, and those of NESR, which are prepared
 in accordance with US GAAP. 

 (b) 
 Represents the use
 of the merger consideration to purchase all of the outstanding equity ownership of NPS and GES. 

 79 

 NESR
will acquire NPS and GES, assuming the GES Investors opt for a cash exchange for the interest portion of the Loan Contracts, in
exchange for the following: 

 NPS 
 GES 

 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Total 

 (in
 thousands) 
 
 Estimated
 cash consideration 
 $ 292,761 
 
 $ - 
 
 $ 292,761 
 
 Estimated
 payment of cash interest related to the Loan Contracts 
 - 
 
 1,250 
 
 1,250 
 
 Ticker
 Fee 
 11,201 
 
 - 
 
 11,201 
 
 Total
 estimated Merger Consideration cash 

 303,962 
 
 1,250 
 
 305,212 

 Estimated
 NESR ordinary share consideration 
 250,773 
 25,077 
 253,098 
 25,310 
 503,871 
 
 Assumption
 of Loan Contracts from NESR Holdings (including conversion into NESR ordinary shares) 
 - 
 - 
 29,250 
 2,925 
 29,250 
 
 Total
 estimated Merger Consideration - equity 
 250,773 
 
 282,348 
 
 533,121 

 Estimated
 Earn-Out Mechanisms (2) 
 31,699 
 2,413 
 - 
 - 
 31,699 

 Total
 estimated Merger Consideration (1) 
 $ 586,434 
 
 $ 283,598 
 
 $ 870,032 

 1)
The final estimated merger consideration could significantly differ from the amounts presented in the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial information due to movements in the NESR ordinary share price up to the Closing Date. For the purposes of this
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information a price per share of $10.00 was used as a proxy of fair value. The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information will be updated to reflect the Closing Date publicly traded price
per NESR ordinary shares. 

 The
following table presents the effect of a hypothetical 5% change in the price of NESR ordinary shares on the estimated merger consideration
and goodwill assuming the minimum and maximum redemption scenarios: 

 Ordinary
 Share Price 

 Estimated
 Merger Consideration 

 Goodwill 

 (in
 thousands, except per share amounts) 

 NPS 

 Increase of 5% 
 
 $ 
 10.50 

 $ 
 598,972 

 $ 
 298,104 

 Decrease of 5% 

 9.50 

 573,895 

 273,027 

 GES 

 Increase of 5% 
 
 $ 
 10.50 

 $ 
 297,716 

 $ 
 113,015 

 Decrease of 5% 

 9.50 

 269,481 

 84,780 

 Total 

 Increase of 5% 
 
 $ 
 10.50 

 $ 
 896,688 

 $ 
 411,119 

 Decrease
 of 5% 

 9.50 

 843,376 

 357,807 

 The
following summarizes NESR's ordinary share ownership subsequent to the Business Combination and the Backstop Commitment
assuming the minimum and maximum redemption scenarios: 

 Assuming
 Minimum Redemption 
 Assuming
 Maximum Redemption 

 Shares 
 % 
 Shares 
 % 
 
 Closing
 merger shares - issuable to Hana Investments 
 13,758,449 
 14 % 
 13,758,449 
 15 % 
 
 Closing
 merger shares - issuable to the NPS Selling Stockholders 
 11,318,827 
 12 % 
 11,318,827 
 13 % 
 
 Closing
 merger shares - issuable to the GES Investors 
 2,925,000 
 3 % 
 2,925,000 
 3 % 
 
 Closing
 merger shares - issuable to SV3 
 6,825,000 
 7 % 
 6,825,000 
 8 % 
 
 Closing
 merger shares - issuable to the GES Selling Stockholders 
 18,484,848 
 19 % 
 18,484,848 
 21 % 
 
 Closing
 merger shares - issuable to the Underwriters 
 200,717 
 0 % 
 269,775 
 0 % 
 
 Closing
 merger shares 
 53,512,841 
 
 53,581,899 

 Founder shares 
 5,730,425 
 6 % 
 5,730,425 
 6 % 
 
 Shares
 held by current NESR shareholders 
 22,921,700 
 24 % 
 16,015,861 
 18 % 
 
 Shares
 prior to Backstop Commitment 
 82,164,966 
 
 75,328,185 

 Backstop
 Commitment Shares (affiliated
 with NPS) 
 14,114,906 
 15 % 
 14,114,906 
 16 % 
 
 Total
 NESR ordinary shares 
 96,279,872 
 100 % 
 89,443,091 
 100 % 

 2)
The terms of the NPS transaction include specific earn-out provisions which, if achieved, will be settled in cash or NESR ordinary
shares, depending on the earn-out. The cash earn-out calls for payment of $7.6 million on renewal of a major customer contract.
The first and second equity earn-outs are tied to 2018 EBITDA performance measures, with payments to be made in NESR ordinary
shares, and are quantified based on expected 2018 EBITDA targets being met. Based on the range of scenarios and probabilities
considered, NESR estimated equity earn-outs of 1.67 million shares at $10 per share (equal to $16.7 million) and 740,000 shares
at $10 per share (equal to $7.4 million) for the first and second equity earn-outs, respectively. Combining the $7.6 million cash
earn-out with the equity earn-outs of $16.7 million and $7.4 million, equals an estimated earn-out of $31.7 million . 

 80 

 (c) 
 Reflects
 the acquisition method of accounting based on the estimated fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities of NPS
 and GES as discussed in Note 5 below. Additional information regarding the estimated fair value of identifiable intangible
 assets acquired and the tax effect of the purchase accounting is discussed below. 

 NPS 

 GES 

 Total 

 (in
 thousands) 

 Property, plant and equipment
 - carrying value 
 
 $ 
 264,269 

 $ 
 105,848 

 $ 
 370,117 

 Property, plant
 and equipment - fair value 

 265,219 

 137,898 

 403,117 

 Net purchase accounting
 adjustment 
 
 $ 
 950 

 $ 
 32,050 

 $ 
 33,000 

 Other assets - carrying value 
 
 $ 
 11,385 

 $ 
 446 

 $ 
 11,831 

 Other assets -
 fair value 

 6,913 

 446 

 7,359 

 Net purchase accounting
 adjustment 
 
 $ 
 (4,472 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 - 

 $ 
 (4,472 
 ) 

 Intangibles - carrying value 
 
 $ 
 10 

 $ 
 27 

 $ 
 37 

 Intangibles -
 fair value 

 125,000 

 53,000 

 178,000 

 Net purchase accounting
 adjustment 
 
 $ 
 124,990 

 $ 
 52,973 

 $ 
 177,963 

 Goodwill - carrying value 
 
 $ 
 182,053 

 $ 
 - 

 $ 
 182,053 

 Goodwill - fair
 value 

 285,565 

 98,897 

 384,462 

 Net purchase accounting
 adjustment 
 
 $ 
 103,512 

 $ 
 98,897 

 $ 
 202,409 

 Unamortized debt issuance / transaction costs
 - carrying value 
 
 $ 
 (2,976 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (409 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (3,385 
 ) 
 
 Unamortized debt
 issuance / transaction costs - fair value 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Net purchase accounting
 adjustment 
 
 $ 
 2,976 

 $ 
 409 

 $ 
 3,385 

 Deferred tax liabilities - carrying value 
 
 $ 
 1,922 

 $ 
 - 

 $ 
 1,922 

 Deferred tax liabilities
 - fair value 

 26,922 

 10,600 

 37,522 

 Net purchase accounting
 adjustment 
 
 $ 
 25,000 

 $ 
 10,600 

 $ 
 35,600 

 81 

 (d) 
 Reflects
 the elimination of NPS's and GES's historical equity accounts. 

 NPS 

 GES 

 Total 

 (in
 thousands) 

 Common stock 
 
 $ 
 (342,250 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (1,300 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (343,550 
 ) 
 
 Convertible redeemable shares 

 (27,750 
 ) 

 - 

 (27,750 
 ) 
 
 Additional paid in capital 

 (3,345 
 ) 

 (26,526 
 ) 

 (29,871 
 ) 
 
 Retained earnings 

 (18,480 
 ) 

 (78,056 
 ) 

 (96,536 
 ) 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive (income) 

 436 

 - 

 436 

 Noncontrolling
 interests 

 1,960 

 (4,805 
 ) 

 (2,845 
 ) 
 
 Total equity 
 
 $ 
 (389,429 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (110,687 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (500,116 
 ) 

 (e) 
 Represents
 the reclassification of $230.6 million of cash and cash equivalents held in a trust account that becomes available following
 the Business Combination. 

 (f) 
 Reflects
 the receipt of gross proceeds of $150.0 million from the sale of ordinary shares pursuant to the Backstop Commitment. 

 (g) 
 Reflects
 the payment of $7.0 million in cash and $2.0 million in NESR ordinary shares as deferred underwriting fees contingent upon
 completion of the Business Combination. In the event of a maximum redemption scenario in which 6,905,839 NESR ordinary shares
 are redeemed, such deferred underwriting fees will consist of $4.6 million in cash and $2.7 million in NESR ordinary shares. 

 (h) 
 Reflects
 adjustments to retained earnings and accrued liabilities of $4.5 million of transaction costs expected to be incurred in relation
 to the Business Combination and NPS dividends in relation to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement of $48 million which was declared
 and paid in 2018. 

 (i) 
 Reflects
 the redemption of 6,905,839 ordinary shares by shareholders pursuant to their redemption rights. 

 82 

 Adjustments
to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations 

 The
pro forma adjustments included in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for the year ended December
31, 2017 are as follows: 

 (aa) 
 Represents
 the sum of the adjustments to record amortization expense related to identifiable definite lived intangible assets. Such intangibles
 have been amortized using the straight-line method. 

 NPS 
 GES 

 Cost
 of Services 
 Depreciation
 and Amortization 
 Cost
 of Services 
 Depreciation
 and Amortization 
 Selling,
 General and Administrative 

 (in
 thousands) 
 
 Historical
 depreciation and amortization expense recognized 
 $ 37,801 
 $ 607 
 $ - 
 $ 22,225 
 $ 1,205 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization expense after fair value adjustment 
 20,952 

 13,038 

 - 
 15,864 
 6,390 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization expense adjustment for the period 
 $ 16,849 

 $ (12,431 ) 
 $ - 
 $ 6,361 
 $ (5,185 ) 

 (bb) 
 Represents
 an adjustment to income tax expense as a result of the tax impact on the pro forma adjustments related to purchase accounting
 and pro forma adjustments for NPS and GES based on a blended statutory tax rate of 20%. 

 (cc) 
 In conjunction with
 the Business Combination, the GES Founders have executed a Non-Compete and Non-Disclosure Agreement and have agreed to provide
 advisory services to the combined company for five years. Pursuant to the agreement, the GES Founders will each receive annual
 payments of $1 million over the course of five years. 

 (dd) 
 Reflects the elimination
 of transaction costs of $3.6 million recorded in the NESR historical financial statements. 

 83 

 (ee)
Earnings per Share 

 Represents
the net income per share calculated using the historical weighted average NESR ordinary shares and the issuance of additional
shares in connection with the Business Combination, assuming the shares were outstanding since January 1, 2017. On a pro forma
basis, no potentially dilutive shares were outstanding during the year ended December 31, 2017. Therefore, basic and diluted weighted
average shares were the same for the period presented. 

 Combined
 Pro Forma Basic and Diluted Weighted Average Shares (assuming no redemption) 

 NESR
 Public Shareholders 
 22,921,700 
 
 NESR
 Founders 
 5,730,425 
 
 GES
 Investors (Loan Contracts upon conversion into NESR ordinary shares) 
 2,925,000 
 
 Hana
 Investments 
 25,077,276 
 
 GES
 Shareholders 
 25,309,848 
 
 Underwriters 
 200,717 
 
 Backstop
 Investor (affiliated to NPS) 
 14,114,906 
 
 Pro
 forma weighted average shares (basic and diluted) 
 96,279,872 

 Combined
 Pro Forma Basic and Diluted Weighted Average Shares (assuming maximum redemption) 

 NESR
 Public Shareholders 
 16,015,861 
 
 NESR
 Founders 
 5,730,425 
 
 GES
 Investors (Loan Contracts upon conversion into NESR ordinary shares) 
 2,925,000 
 
 Hana
 Investments 
 25,077,276 
 
 GES
 Shareholders 
 25,309,848 
 
 Underwriters 
 269,775 
 
 Backstop
 Investor (affiliated to NPS) 
 14,114,906 
 
 Pro
 forma weighted average shares (basic and diluted) 
 89,443,091 

 84 

 5. 
 Estimated
 Fair Value of Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed 

 The
preliminary allocation of the consideration to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed is based on
various preliminary estimates. Since this unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been prepared based
on preliminary estimates the actual amounts recorded for the acquisition may differ from the information presented. 

 Allocation
of consideration 

 NPS 
 GES 

 (in
 thousands) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 $ 24,502 
 $ 6,756 
 
 Short-term deposits 
 3,043 
 - 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 58,174 
 29,156 
 
 Unbilled revenue 
 24,167 
 44,558 
 
 Inventories 
 32,313 
 28,438 
 
 Other receivable 
 13,430 
 419 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 5,268 
 640 
 
 Due from related parties, current 
 - 
 1,097 
 
 Advances to suppliers and other current
 assets 
 958 
 10,751 
 
 Property, plant and equipment 
 265,219 
 137,898 
 
 Other assets 
 6,913 
 446 
 
 Intangible assets 
 125,000 
 53,000 
 
 Investments in joint ventures 
 - 
 4,209 
 
 Due from related
 parties 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total identifiable
 assets acquired 
 558,987 
 317,368 

 Accounts payable 
 (25,132 ) 
 (25,414 ) 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 (23,323 ) 
 (22,515 ) 
 
 Current portion of loans and borrowings 
 - 
 (43,300 ) 
 
 Short-term borrowings 
 (8,773 ) 
 (9,575 ) 
 
 Capital lease obligation, current 
 - 
 (189 ) 
 
 Due to related parties, current 
 (25 ) 
 (7,629 ) 
 
 Other current liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Current end of service benefits 
 (2,552 ) 
 - 
 
 Income taxes payable 
 (2,651 ) 
 (8,590 ) 
 
 Loans and borrowings 
 (150,000 ) 
 (2,794 ) 
 
 Other liabilities 
 (4,472 ) 
 - 
 
 Capital lease obligation 
 - 
 (44 ) 
 
 Long-term income taxes payable 
 (3,530 ) 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 (26,922 ) 
 (10,600 ) 
 
 Due to related parties 
 - 
 (445 ) 
 
 Employee benefits 
 (10,738 ) 
 (1,572 ) 
 
 Net identifiable
 liabilities acquired 
 (258,118 ) 
 (132,667 ) 
 
 Goodwill 
 285,565 
 98,897 
 
 Total
 gross consideration 
 $ 586,434 
 $ 283,598 

 85 

 Intangible
assets were identified that met either the separability criterion or the contractual-legal criterion described in ASC 805. The
preliminary allocation to intangible assets is as follows: 

 Intangible
assets 

 Fair
 Value 

 NPS 
 GES 
 Total 
 Useful
 Life 

 (in
 millions) 

 Customer
 contracts 
 $ 110,000 
 $ 43,000 
 $ 153,000 
 10
 years 
 
 Trademarks
 and trade names 
 15,000 
 10,000 
 25,000 
 8
 years 
 
 Total
 intangible assets 
 $ 125,000 
 $ 53,000 
 $ 178,000 

 Goodwill.
 Approximately $384.5 million has been allocated to goodwill. Goodwill represents the excess of the gross consideration
transferred over the fair value of the underlying net tangible and identifiable definite-lived intangible assets acquired. Qualitative
factors that contribute to the recognition of goodwill include certain intangible assets that are not recognized as separate identifiable
intangible assets apart from goodwill. Intangible assets not recognized apart from goodwill consist primarily of the strong market
positions and the assembled workforces at NPS and GES. 

 In
accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 350, Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets , goodwill will not be amortized, but instead will be tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if
certain indicators are present. In the event management of the combined company determines that the value of goodwill has become
impaired, an accounting charge for the amount of impairment during the quarter in which the determination is made may be recognized. 

 86 

 COMPARATIVE
PER SHARE INFORMATION 

 The
following table sets forth selected historical equity ownership information for NESR, NPS and GES and unaudited pro forma condensed
combined per share ownership information of NESR after giving effect to the Business Combination and the Backstop Commitment,
assuming two redemption scenarios as follows: 

 &#9679; 
 Assuming
 No Redemption : This presentation assumes that no NESR shareholders exercise redemption rights with respect to their public
 shares for a pro rata portion of the trust account and assumes that NESR does not issue any additional ordinary shares. 

 &#9679; 
 Assuming
 Maximum Redemption : This presentation assumes that the NESR public shareholders holding 6,905,839 NESR ordinary shares
 exercise their redemption rights and that such shares are redeemed for their pro rata share of the funds in the trust account.

 The pro forma book value
information reflects the Business Combination and the Backstop Commitment as if they had occurred on December 31, 2017.
The weighted average shares outstanding and net earnings per share information reflect the Business Combination and the Backstop
Commitment as if they had occurred on January 1, 2017. 

 The historical information
should be read in conjunction with the sections entitled "Selected Historical Financial Information of NESR," "Selected
Historical Financial Information of NPS," and "Selected Historical Financial Information of GES" and the historical
financial statements of NESR, NPS and GES and the related notes thereto incorporated by reference and included elsewhere in this
proxy statement. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined per share data are presented for illustrative purposes only and are
not necessarily indicative of actual or future financial position or results of operations that would have been realized if the
Business Combination and the Backstop Commitment had been completed as of the date indicated or will be realized upon the
completion of the Business Combination and the Backstop Commitment. 

 Combined
 Pro Forma 

 NESR 
 NPS 
 GES 
 Assuming
 No Redemptions 
 Assuming
 Maximum Redemptions 
 
 As
 of and for the Year Ended December 31, 2017 

 Book
 value per share (1) 
 $ 5.72 
 $ 1.14 
 N/A 
 $ 8.84 
 $ 8.77 
 
 Weighted
 average shares outstanding basic 
 9,552,022 
 342,250,000 
 N/A 
 96,279,872 
 89,443,091 
 
 Weighted
 average shares outstanding diluted 
 9,552,022 
 370,000,000 
 N/A 
 96,279,872 
 89,443,091 
 
 Net
 earnings per share basic 
 $ (0.40 ) 
 $ 0.09 
 N/A 
 $ 0.68 
 $ 0.73 
 
 Net
 earnings per share diluted 
 $ (0.40 ) 
 $ 0.08 
 N/A 
 $ 0.68 
 $ 0.73 

 (1) Book
 value per share = Total equity / shares outstanding. 

 87 

 SPECIAL
MEETING IN LIEU OF AN ANNUAL MEETING OF NESR SHAREHOLDERS 

 General 

 We are furnishing this
proxy statement to our shareholders as part of the solicitation of proxies by our Board of Directors for use at the special meeting
in lieu of an annual meeting of shareholders to be held on May 18, 2018, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.
This proxy statement is first being furnished to our shareholders on or about May 8, 2018. This proxy statement provides
you with information you need to know to be able to vote or instruct your vote to be cast at the meeting. In connection with the
special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, we are also providing you with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2017. 

 Date,
Time and Place of Special Meeting in Lieu of an Annual Meeting 

 The special meeting in
lieu of an annual meeting will be held at 2:00 p.m., Eastern time, on May 18, 2018, at the offices of Ellenoff Grossman
& Schole LLP, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor, New York, New York 10105, or such other date, time and place to which
such meeting may be adjourned or postponed, to consider and vote upon the proposals. 

 Voting
Power; Record Date 

 You
will be entitled to vote or direct votes to be cast at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting if you owned ordinary
shares at the close of business on April 27, 2018, which is the record date for the special meeting in lieu of an annual
meeting. You are entitled to one vote for each share of our ordinary shares that you owned as of the close of business on the
record date. If your shares are held in "street name" or are in a margin or similar account, you should contact your
broker, bank or other nominee to ensure that votes related to the shares you beneficially own are properly counted. On the record
date, there were NESR ordinary shares outstanding, of which 22,921,700 are public shares and 5,730,425 are Founder Shares held
by our Sponsor, independent directors and affiliates. 

 88 

 Vote
of NESR Founders 

 In
connection with our IPO, each of the Sponsor entered into an agreement pursuant to which they agreed to vote any NESR ordinary
shares owned by them in favor of the Business Combination Proposal. This agreement applies to our Sponsor as it relates to any
shares of our capital stock our Sponsor may hold and the requirement to vote such shares in favor of the Business Combination
Proposal. Our Sponsor's investment and voting decisions are determined by Sherif Foda and Thomas Wood, our Sponsor's
sole directors and shareholders. 

 Quorum
and Required Vote for Proposals for the Special Meeting in Lieu of an Annual Meeting 

 A
quorum of our shareholders is necessary to hold a valid meeting. A quorum will be present at the meeting if, at the commencement
of the meeting, there are present in person or by proxy not less than 50% of the votes attaching to the ordinary shares entitled
to vote on the resolutions at the meeting. Abstentions will count as present for the purposes of establishing a quorum. Broker
non-votes will not be counted for the purpose of determining the existence of a quorum. 

 Being
in respect of our initial Business Combination, approval of each of the Business Combination Proposal, the Incentive Plan Proposal,
the Nasdaq Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by shareholders
present in person or represented by proxy. Accordingly, a NESR shareholder's failure to attend by proxy or in person at
the meeting or the failure of a NESR shareholder who holds his or her shares in "street name" through a broker or
other nominee to give voting instructions to such broker or other nominee (a "broker non-vote") will not be counted
towards the number of NESR ordinary shares required to validly establish a quorum, but if a valid quorum is otherwise established,
it will have no effect on the outcome of any vote on the proposals. Abstentions will be counted in connection with the determination
of whether a valid quorum is established but will have no effect on the outcome of the Business Combination Proposal or the Adjournment
Proposal. 

 Approval
of the Director Election Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by shareholders present in person
or represented by proxy at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. This means that each one of two nominees will be
elected if approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by shareholders present in person or represented by
proxy at the meeting Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on the election of directors. 

 The
transactions contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreements will be consummated only if the Business Combination Proposal is approved
at the Meeting. In addition, the Incentive Plan Proposal and the NASDAQ Proposal are conditioned on the approval of the Business
Combination Proposal. The Director Election Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal are not conditioned on the approval of any other
proposal set forth in this proxy statement. If we do not consummate the Business Combination and fail to complete an initial Business
Combination by May 17, 2019 (or such earlier date as may be determined by the board in its sole discretion), we will be required
to dissolve and liquidate our trust account by returning the then remaining funds in such account to the public shareholders,
less liquidation costs permitted by our IPO. 

 Recommendation
to NESR Shareholders 

 Our
Board of Directors believes that each of the Business Combination Proposal, the Director Election Proposal, the Incentive Plan
Proposal, the Nasdaq Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal to be presented at the meeting is in the best interests of the Company
and our shareholders and recommends that its shareholders vote "FOR" each of these proposals. 

 When
you consider the recommendation of our Board of Directors in favor of approval of the Business Combination Proposal, you should
keep in mind that our directors and officers have interests in the Business Combination that are different from or in addition
to (or which may conflict with) your interests as a shareholder. These interests include, among other things: 

 89 

 &#9679; 
 the
 fact that our Sponsor and our officers and directors paid an aggregate of approximately $6.3 million for their Founder Shares
 and private warrants and such securities should have a significantly higher value at the time of the Business Combination.
 However, the private warrants will expire worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. As a result, our
 Sponsor (and its members, including our executive officers and directors) have a financial incentive to see the Business Combination
 consummated rather than lose whatever value is gained on the Founder Shares, as well as any value attributable to the private
 warrants; 

 &#9679; 
 In
 connection with Sponsor purchase of 11.7% of the GES shares, an affiliate of Mr. Thomas Wood invested $500,000 and Mr. Antonio
 Campo invested $1,200,000 to fund a portion of the purchase price for such GES shares and accordingly, the Sponsor, along
 with Messrs. Wood and Campo, will not have any public market in which to sell their investment in GES if the Closing does
 not occur, although, pursuant to the Loan Contracts, repayment of the investments may be made in cash at the election of our
 Sponsor; 

 &#9679; 
 if
 NESR is unable to complete a Business Combination within the required time period, by
 May 17, 2019, the Sponsor will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account
 are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities
 that are owed money by NESR for services rendered or contracted for or products sold
 to NESR, but only if such a vendor or target business has not executed a waiver of claims
 against the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter
 in our IPO. To date, each of NESR's vendors has agreed that it will not have any
 right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in our trust account,
 and will not make any claim against our trust account (including any distributions therefrom);
 and 

 &#9679; 
 the
 continued indemnification of current directors and officers of the Company and the continuation of directors' and officers'
 liability insurance after the Business Combination. 

 Broker
Non-Votes and Abstentions 

 Under
the rules of various national and regional securities exchanges, your broker, bank or nominee cannot vote your shares with respect
to non-discretionary matters unless you provide instructions on how to vote in accordance with the information and procedures
provided to you by your broker, bank or nominee. We believe the proposals presented to our shareholders will be considered non-discretionary
and therefore your broker, bank or nominee cannot vote your shares without your instructions. If you do not provide instructions
with your proxy, your bank, broker or other nominee may deliver a proxy card expressly indicating that it is NOT voting your shares;
this indication that a bank, broker or nominee is not voting your shares is referred to as a "broker non-vote." 

 Assuming
a quorum is otherwise validly established, broker non-votes and abstentions will have no effect on the proposals to be considered
at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. 

 Voting
Your Shares 

 Each
ordinary share that you own in your name entitles you to one vote on each of the proposals for the special meeting in lieu of
an annual meeting. Your one or more proxy cards show the number of ordinary shares that you own. 

 &#9679; 
 You
 can vote your shares in advance of the meeting by completing, signing, dating and returning the enclosed proxy card in the
 postage-paid envelope provided. If you hold your shares in "street name" through a bank, broker or other nominee,
 you will need to follow the instructions provided to you by your bank, broker or other nominee to ensure that your shares
 are represented and voted at the meeting. If you vote by proxy card, your "proxy," whose name is listed on the
 proxy card, will vote your shares as you instruct on the proxy card. If you sign and return the proxy card but do not give
 instructions on how to vote your shares, your ordinary shares will be voted as recommended by our Board of Directors. Our
 Board of Directors recommends voting "FOR" the Business Combination Proposal, "FOR" the Director Election
 Proposal, "FOR" the NASDAQ Proposal, "FOR" the Incentive Plan Proposal and "FOR" the Adjournment
 Proposal. 

 &#9679; 
 You
 can attend the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting and vote in person even if you have previously voted by submitting
 a proxy. You will be given a ballot when you arrive. However, if your ordinary shares are held in the name of your broker,
 bank or other nominee, you must get a proxy from the broker, bank or other nominee. That is the only way we can be sure that
 the broker, bank or nominee has not already voted your ordinary shares. 

 90 

 Revoking
Your Proxy 

 If
you give a proxy, you may revoke it at any time before the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting or at such meeting by
doing any one of the following: 

 &#9679; 
 you
 may send another proxy card with a later date; 

 &#9679; 
 you
 may notify Morrow Sodali, LLC, our proxy solicitor at (800) 662-5200 (toll-free), before the special meeting in lieu of an
 annual meeting that you have revoked your proxy; or 

 &#9679; 
 you
 may attend the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, revoke your proxy, and vote in person, as indicated above. 

 No
Additional Matters May Be Presented at the Special Meeting in Lieu of an Annual Meeting 

 The
special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting has been called only to consider the approval of the Business Combination Proposal,
the Director Election Proposal, the NASDAQ Proposal, the Incentive Plan Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal. Under our Charter,
other than procedural matters incident to the conduct of the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, no other matters may
be considered at the meeting if they are not included in this proxy statement, which serves as the notice of the special meeting
in lieu of an annual meeting. 

 Who
Can Answer Your Questions About Voting 

 If
you have any questions about how to vote or direct a vote in respect of your ordinary shares, you may call Morrow Sodali, LLC,
our proxy solicitor, at (800) 662-5200 (toll-free), or banks and brokers can call collect at (203) 658-9400. 

 Redemption
Rights 

 Pursuant
to our current Charter, any holders of our public shares may demand that such shares be redeemed in exchange for a pro rata share
of the aggregate amount on deposit in the trust account, less taxes payable, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination. NESR public shareholders are not required to affirmatively vote for or against the Business Combination
in order to redeem their ordinary shares for cash. This means that public shareholders who hold NESR ordinary shares on or before
May 16, 2018 (two (2) business days before the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting) may elect to redeem their
shares whether or not they are holders as of the record date, and whether or not they vote for the Business Combination Proposal.
So long as demand for redemption is properly made and the Business Combination is consummated, these shares, immediately prior
to the Business Combination, will cease to be outstanding and will represent only the right to receive a pro rata share of the
aggregate amount on deposit in the trust account which holds the proceeds of our IPO (calculated as of two business days prior
to the consummation of the Business Combination, less taxes payable). For illustrative purposes, based on funds in the trust account
of $231,553,535.80 as of April 30, 2018, the estimated per share redemption price would have been approximately
$10.10 per ordinary share purchased in the IPO. 

 91 

 In
order to exercise your redemption rights, you must: 

 &#9679; 
 submit
 a request in writing prior to 5:00 p.m., Eastern time on May 16, 2018 (two business days before the special meeting
 in lieu of an annual meeting) that we redeem your public shares for cash to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company,
 our transfer agent, at the following address: 

 Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company 
 17 Battery Place 
 New York, New York 10004 
 Attn: Mark Zimkind 
 E-mail: mzimkind@continentalstock.com 

 &#9679; 
 affirmatively
 certify in your request to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company for redemption if you "ARE" or "ARE
 NOT" acting in concert or as a "group" (as defined in Section 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) with any other
 shareholder with respect to NESR ordinary shares; 

 and 

 &#9679; 
 deliver
 your public shares either physically or electronically through DTC to our transfer agent at least two business days before
 the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. Shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights and opting to deliver
 physical certificates should allot sufficient time to obtain physical certificates from the transfer agent and time to effect
 delivery. It is our understanding that shareholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates
 from the transfer agent. However, we do not have any control over this process and it may take longer than two weeks. Shareholders
 who hold their shares in street name will have to coordinate with their bank, broker or other nominee to have the shares certificated
 or delivered electronically. If you do not submit a written request and deliver your public shares as described above, your
 shares will not be redeemed. 

 Any
demand for redemption, once made, may be withdrawn at any time until the deadline for exercising redemption requests (and submitting
shares to the transfer agent) and thereafter, with our consent, until the vote is taken with respect to the Business Combination.
If you delivered your shares for redemption to our transfer agent and decide within the required timeframe not to exercise your
redemption rights, you may request that our transfer agent return the shares (physically or electronically). You may make such
request by contacting our transfer agent at the phone number or address listed above. 

 Each
redemption of NESR ordinary shares by our public shareholders will decrease the amount in our trust account, which held $231,553,535.80
as of April 30, 2018. 

 Prior
to exercising redemption rights, shareholders should verify the market price of our ordinary shares, as they may receive higher
proceeds from the sale of their ordinary shares in the public market than from exercising their redemption rights if the market
price per share is higher than the redemption price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to sell your ordinary shares in
the open market, even if the market price per share is higher than the redemption price stated above, as there may not be sufficient
liquidity in our ordinary shares when you wish to sell your shares. 

 92 

 If
you exercise your redemption rights, your ordinary shares will cease to be outstanding immediately prior to the Business Combination
and will only represent the right to receive a pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the trust account. You will
no longer own those shares and will have no right to participate in, or have any interest in, the future growth of the Company,
if any. You will be entitled to receive cash for these shares only if you properly and timely demand redemption. 

 If
the Business Combination is not approved and we do not consummate an initial Business Combination by May 17, 2019 (unless such
date is extended by our shareholders), we will be required to dissolve and liquidate our trust account by returning the then remaining
funds in such account to the public shareholders and our warrants will expire worthless. 

 Appraisal
Rights 

 Appraisal
rights are not available to holders of ordinary shares in connection with the Business Combination under the structure as currently
contemplated. The only remedy available to a public shareholder is to elect to redeem its purchased Units. 

 93 

 THE
BUSINESS COMBINATION PROPOSAL 

 We
are asking our shareholders to approve and adopt the Stock Purchase Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby, (the
"Business Combination"). Our shareholders should read carefully this proxy statement in its entirety for more detailed
information concerning the Stock Purchase Agreements, related contracts and the Business Combination. Please see the subsections
below for additional information and a summary of the material provisions of the Stock Purchase Agreements, which are qualified
in their entirety by reference to the complete text of the Stock Purchase Agreements, the Contribution Agreement and the Shares
Exchange Agreement, copies of which are attached as Annexes A through D to this proxy statement. 

 Because
we are holding a shareholder vote on the Business Combination, our Charter provides that we may consummate the Business Combination
only if it is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the ordinary shares that are voted at the special
meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, assuming that a quorum is present. 

 On
November 12, 2017, NESR, entered into the following agreements to acquire 100% of the shares of two independent oil field service
companies operating in the Middle East and North Africa, Gulf Energy S.A.O.C. ("GES") and NPS Holdings, Ltd. ("NPS"
and, together with "GES", the "Target Companies"): 

 &#9679; 
 the
 NPS Stock Purchase Agreement entered among the NPS Selling Stockholders, NPS, Hana Investments and NESR, pursuant to which
 the NPS Selling Stockholders and Hana Investments agreed, subject to NESR shareholder approval, to sell to the Company 100%
 of the NPS shares for cash and NESR ordinary shares valued at $10.00 per share and certain potential earn out amounts. 

 &#9679; 
 a
 Form of Relationship Agreement (the "ANI Relationship Agreement") with Al Nowais Investments LLC ("ANI"),
 pursuant to which the Company agrees, until such time as ANI or its affiliates no longer hold at least 50% of the number of
 NESR ordinary shares acquired pursuant to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, to (i) nominate to the Company's Board of
 Directors (the "Board") a person designated by ANI and (ii) permit one additional representative of ANI to observe
 the meetings of the Board in a non-voting capacity; 

 &#9679; 
 a
 Form of Relationship Agreement (the "WAHA Relationship Agreement") with WAHA Finance Company ("WAHA")
 pursuant to which the Company agrees, until such time as WAHA or its affiliates no longer hold at least 50% of the number
 of NESR ordinary shares acquired pursuant to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, to (i) nominate to the Board a person designated
 by WAHA and (ii) permit one additional representative of WAHA to observe the meetings of the Board in a non-voting capacity; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 GES Stock Purchase Agreement (together with the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, the "Stock Purchase Agreements")
 among the Company and Mubadarah Investments LLC, Hilal Al Busaidy ("Hilal"), and Yasser Said Al Barami ("Yasser"
 and together with Hilal, the "GES Founders"), whereby the Company will acquire 61% of the outstanding shares of
 GES through a stock exchange for NESR ordinary shares valued at $10.00 per share. The GES Stock Purchase Agreement provides
 a contractual right to nominate two members, to be appointed to the NESR Board; 

 &#9679; 
 a
 Contribution Agreement ("SV3 Contribution Agreement") between the Company and SV3
 Holdings, Pte Ltd ("SV3"), pursuant to which the Company will acquire 27.3% of GES shares from SV3 (the
 "SV3 Contribution") in exchange for NESR ordinary shares valued at $10.00 per share; 

 94 

 &#9679; 
 a
 Shares Exchange Agreement between the Company and NESR Holdings Ltd., a British Virgin
 Island company, whereby the Sponsor will assign 11.7% of the outstanding shares of GES
 to NESR in exchange for NESR assuming certain outstanding liabilities of the Sponsor
 to the GES Investors; and 

 &#9679; 
 a
 Voting Agreement with SV3 ("SV3 Voting Agreement"), relating to the Company's agreement to nominate for
 election to the Board a nominee of SV3 and to allow at least one additional observer to attend Board meetings so long as SV3
 and its affiliates maintain a certain percentage of NESR shares that SV3 and its affiliates will acquire pursuant to the SV3
 Contribution Agreement. 

 The
Board has approved the Business Combination. For a review of factors considered by the Board in approving the Business Combination,
see "--NESR's Board of Directors' Reasons for the Approval of the Business Combination." 

 The
NPS Transaction 

 NPS
Stock Purchase Agreement 

 The
NPS Selling Stockholders agreed pursuant to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement to sell to NESR and Hana Investments, by June 30,
2018 or at such later time as mutually agreed upon by the parties, 100% of the 370,000,000 outstanding NPS shares in two (2) separate
closings. The total consideration to be paid to the NPS Selling Stockholders pursuant to the Hana Investments and the NESR closings,
assuming no NPS Leakage (defined below) adjustments, will be $442.8 million in cash (including $150 m from Hana Investments) plus
11,318,827 ordinary shares of NESR valued at $10.00 per share. In addition, the NPS Selling Stockholders have elected to declare
a dividend after execution of the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement and receive a distribution out of certain receivables proceeds
from NPS, of $48 million (the "Receivable Proceeds"). 

 First
Closing . Hana Investments agreed in the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement to pay $150 million of the total cash requirements to
NPS Selling Stockholders in exchange for 83,660,878 shares of NPS. This payment was made on January 14, 2018. The NPS Selling
Stockholders mutually agreed on the proportion of cash to be received by each of the NPS Selling Stockholders and on the allocation
of NESR shares to be received among the NPS Selling Stockholders who remain shareholders in NESR through the Closing Date. 

 Second
Closing. Upon approval by the shareholders of NESR, NESR agreed to buy the remaining outstanding NPS shares by (i) paying
the remaining $292.8 million cash required and (ii) issuing 11,318,827 ordinary shares of NESR ordinary shares valued at $10.00
per share for the balance of the purchase price, adjusted for any NPS Leakage. "NPS Leakage" is defined in the NPS
Stock Purchase Agreement to cover transfers or removals of assets from NPS for the benefit of the NPS Selling Stockholders, other
than Receivable Proceeds. The date of closing shall be the "Closing Date". 

 Contemporaneously
with the Closing Date, Hana Investments shall transfer the 83,660,878 NPS shares it acquired from the NPS Selling Stockholders
to NESR in exchange for NESR ordinary shares valued at $11.244 per share, which will result in the issuance of 13,340,448 ordinary
shares of NESR to Hana Investments. In addition, NESR shall pay Hana Investments an amount of interest accrued from the date of
the payment of the $150 million to the NPS Selling Stockholders until the Closing Date up to $4.7 million in cash or ordinary
shares at a value of $11.244 equal to 418,001 ordinary shares. If the Business Combination were not to be approved, Hana Investments
would remain a shareholder of NPS. 

 95 

 Earnout
Consideration. Potential earn-out mechanisms enable the NPS Selling Stockholders to receive additional consideration after
the Closing Date as follows: 

 &#9679; 
 Cash
 Earn-Out: NESR agreed to pay an additional $7,572,444 in cash payable upon renewal of a major customer contract by NPS or
 its subsidiaries, provided the renewal is on materially the same terms. Such customer contract will not be deemed to be renewed
 on materially the same terms if some services are excluded or prices are materially reduced from the prior year upon renewal.

 &#9679; 
 Equity
 Stock Earn-Out: Up to 1,671,704 NESR ordinary shares would be issued to the NPS Selling Stockholders that exchange their shares
 for NESR stock, if the 2018 EBITDA of NESR satisfies scheduled financial thresholds. 

 &#9679; 
 Second
 Equity Stock Earn-Out: Up to an additional 1,671,704 NESR ordinary shares would be issued to the NPS Selling Stockholders
 if the 2018 EBITDA of NESR satisfies scheduled thresholds higher than the first Equity Stock Earn-Out financial thresholds. 

 NESR
is also required to make additional payments for delays in receiving shareholder approval ("Ticker Fee") to complete
the Business Combination beyond December 31, 2017 as per the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement. The amount of the Ticker Fee is being
discussed with the NPS Selling Stockholders. Pursuant to these discussions, the NPS Selling Stockholders have agreed to waive
the Ticker Fee associated with Hana Investments payment of $150 million which was made on January 14, 2018 to purchase 83,660,878
NPS Shares. For the remaining cash payments, NESR has proposed an 8 week suspension of the Ticker Fee which would postpone its
application until March 1, 2018. Based on the 8 week suspension, the Ticker Fee is estimated to amount to $11,200,606 based on
completing the Business Combination on May 15, 2018. There is no Ticker Fee on the equity portion of the consideration received
by the reinvesting NPS Selling Stockholders. 

 Assumed
Liabilities 

 The
existing bank agreement of NPS allows the banks to terminate the loan contract upon a change of control. The NPS Selling Stockholders
have provided assurances or commitments backing these facilities. NESR has executed, or has agreed to execute, guarantees of the
NPS debt and additional borrowings leaving these facilities in place. Such a guarantee of NESR only becomes effective upon closing,
and there is no liability to NESR if the Business Combination does not occur. 

 Management
Alignment/Lock Up 

 The
NPS Stock Purchase Agreement imposes a contractual restriction upon NESR management's ability to sell or transfer legal
title to any of the Founder Shares acquired by Sponsor upon formation of NESR and owned beneficially for the original management
group. The Sponsor previously agreed in connection with NESR's IPO to prohibit sales after the Business Combination for
a period of one year or earlier if the stock price exceeds $12.00 per share. The NPS Stock Purchase Agreement imposes further
restrictions on 50% of the Founder Shares during the one year period, permitting the sale of up to 75% of the Founder Shares when
the price of NESR stock exceeds $15.00, and the 100% of the shares may be traded after the share price exceeds $17.50, for 20
trading days within any 30 day trading period. 

 96 

 Other
Lock-Up Agreements 

 Pursuant
to the ANI Relationship Agreement and the WAHA Relationship Agreement, each of ANI and WAHA and their affiliates agreed not to
sell the shares acquired pursuant to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement for six months after the Closing Date. 

 Relationship
Agreements 

 Two
of the NPS Selling Stockholders have agreed to enter into the ANI Relationship Agreement and the WAHA Relationship Agreement which
become effective on the Business Combination until they are terminated. Pursuant to these agreements each of ANI and WAHA are
entitled to nominate a member and observer to the Board and together with their affiliates agreed not to sell the shares acquired
pursuant to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement for six months after the Closing Date. 

 Voting
Rights 

 Pursuant
to each of ANI Relationship Agreement and the Waha Relationship Agreement the Board of NESR will nominate for election to NESR's
Board a person nominated by each of those two parties, and each of ANI and Waha will be entitled to nominate a representative
on the Board ("Board Observer") in a nonvoting capacity, so long as ANI and Waha continue to hold at least 50% of
the total number of NESR shares acquired pursuant to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement. The first nomination will be appointed
by the Board when it expands the size of the board to nine members. ANI and Waha have the right to remove the Director nominated
by them (with or without cause) at any time. The rights of the Board Observer will include the right to participate in discussions
of the Board, to receive notice of the meetings of the Board and to receive copies of all minutes, written consents, and other
material received by the members of the Board, as permitted
by law. Each Board Observer must accept in writing to keep confidential all information of which they become aware in their position
as a Board Observer. Each of ANI and WAHA shall retain the right to nominate a Board member and appoint a Board Observer
for so long as the respective shareholder holds 50% of the shares that it acquired pursuant to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement. 

 Furthermore, each of ANI
and WAHA agreed that for six (6) months after the NESR Closing, it shall not, and shall cause its affiliates to not, directly
or indirectly offer, sell, issue, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of the stock of NESR acquired at the NESR closing.
Notwithstanding the lock-up provision, ANI and WAHA shall each have the right to grant a security interest in respect of
their acquired NESR stock to any provider of finance provided that it shall retain the voting rights with respect to that stock. 

 Neither
ANI nor WAHA may assign or transfer in whole or in part any rights under either agreement. 

 In
addition, pursuant to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, during the 2018 earn-out period the NPS Selling Stockholders shall jointly
be entitled by giving written notice to NESR to appoint (and to remove and replace such appointee) and maintain either (at the
option of the NPS Selling Stockholders) one director or a Board Observer. The Board Observer shall have the right to attend all
meetings of the Board and receive all notices of meetings of the Board and to receive the monthly management reports, chief executive
officer commentary and budgets for the 2018 financial year in respect of NESR. 

 Preemptive
Right to Provide Capital 

 Pursuant
to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, the reinvesting NPS Selling Stockholders (that accepted NESR ordinary shares) have the right
of first refusal to provide up to 50% of any equity financing offered by NESR prior to the Closing Date. When the offer is presented,
it must be accepted within 48 hours or will be waived. 

 Nonsolicitation,
Noncompete 

 For
one year after the Closing Date, the NPS Selling Stockholders are prohibited from soliciting certain senior NPS employees and
from causing any material adverse change to any relationships that NPS has with a material customer or supplier. 

 The
GES Transaction 

 GES
Stock Purchase Agreement 

 On
November 12, 2017, the GES Stock Purchase Agreement was entered by which NESR contracted to acquire 61% of the outstanding shares
of GES for a valuation of $184.8 million through a stock exchange for NESR ordinary shares valued at $10.00 per share, to occur
within one year of the signing of the GES Stock Purchase Agreement or at such later time as mutually agreed upon by the parties.
The GES Stock Purchase Agreement provides that the purchase price shall be reduced to the extent that the "Net Debt"
in the company (i.e. bank debt less cash) exceeds $47.2 million at the Closing Date and to the extent of any GES Leakage. "GES
Leakage" is defined in the GES Stock Purchase Agreement as any dividend distributions or payments to or for the benefit
of the GES Selling Stockholders or certain other transactions that would reduce the value of the company, such as transactions
not on an arm's-length basis. The GES Stock Purchase Agreement contains substantial seller warranties regarding the stock
and the financial condition of GES. 

 97 

 Contribution
Agreement of SV3's 27.3% Shares 

 SV3
and NESR entered into the SV3 Contribution Agreement pursuant to which SV3 agreed to contribute its 27.3% of GES shares to NESR
in exchange for NESR ordinary shares at an agreed valuation of $10.00 per NESR share for the net price paid by SV3 to acquire
the GES shares. In October 2017, SV3 closed on the purchase of 136,500 shares of GES stock from certain shareholders of GES, representing
27.3% of the outstanding stock of GES, for $68.25 million. 

 Minority
Interests Acquisitions/ Shares Exchange Agreement 

 The
Sponsor contracted with the GES Selling Stockholders and NBO to acquire for cash 58,500 shares of GES, which represents 11.7%
of the outstanding stock of GES, for a total purchase price of $29.2 million. The Sponsor organized for the financing of the acquisition
of the 11.7% through Loan Contracts with the GES Investors. The Sponsor also contracted to acquire 5% of the GES shares from NBO
for $12.5 million and completed that purchase on or about October 8, 2017. The GES Selling Stockholders agreed to sell 6.7% of
the GES shares to the Sponsor for a purchase price of $16.7 million. Nine of the GES Investors provided the total purchase price
to acquire 55,100 shares of GES. Two of the GES Investors are affiliates, Antonio Jose Campo Mejia and Round Up Resource Service,
Inc., a company controlled by Thomas Wood or his family, which funded Sponsor with $1.2 million to acquire 2,400 shares of GES
and $500,000 to acquire 1,000 shares respectively. 

 Each
GES Investor has agreed that Sponsor can assign the Loan Contracts to NESR if the shareholders of NESR approve the Business Combination.
Each Investor agreed to accept in repayment of the Loan Contracts either NESR ordinary shares at a value of $10.00 per share (subject
to their consent after review of the proxy statement), payment in cash, or GES shares acquired with their respective loans. All
Loan Contracts have similar terms, but interest for payment ranges from zero to 14.4 percent per annum from the respective loan
dates. 

 NESR
executed with Sponsor the Shares Exchange Agreement pursuant to which, subject to receiving approval from NESR shareholders for
the Business Combination, the Sponsor agreed to assign all 58,500 shares of GES acquired to NESR, and NESR will at that time assume
the obligation to satisfy the Loan Contracts. Unless any GES Investor elects not to accept NESR ordinary shares to satisfy the
debt, NESR will issue NESR ordinary shares to the GES Investors to satisfy the debt. 

 Voting
Rights 

 The
GES Stock Purchase Agreement provides a contractual right for the two GES Founders to be appointed to the NESR Board. 

 Also,
in connection with the GES acquisition, the SV3 Voting Agreement shall be executed upon approval by the shareholders of NESR of
the Business Combination. The SV3 Voting Agreement provides that the Board of NESR will nominate for election to NESR's
Board a person nominated by SV3, and SV3 shall be entitled to have two representatives attend all meetings of the Board in a nonvoting
capacity, as long as SV3 and its private equity owners continue to hold at least 60% of the total number of NESR shares acquired
pursuant to the SV3 Contribution Agreement. The first nomination will be appointed by the Board of Directors when it expands the
size of the board to nine members. SV3 has the right to remove such SV3 Director (with or without cause). The rights of the Board
Observer will include the right to participate in discussions of the Board, to receive notice of the meetings of the Board, and
to receive copies of all minutes, written consents, and other materials received by the members of the Board, as permitted by
law. However, if an Director is duly elected and serving, SV3 shall only have the right to designate one Board Observer. Furthermore,
if SV3 owns less than 60% of the NESR ordinary shares acquired but more than 1% of the total outstanding ordinary shares of NESR,
then SV3 shall only have the right to designate one Board Observer. 

 98 

 Non-Compete 

 The
GES Founders have executed a Non-Compete and Non-Disclosure Agreement and have agreed to provide advisory services to NESR for
five (5) years. Furthermore, pursuant to separate Waiver of Termination Fees Agreements ("Waiver Agreements"), each
Founder agreed to waive their right to substantial severance payments triggered either by the event of the termination of their
employment or change of control. Pursuant to these commitments and replacing prior compensation structure, the GES Founders will
each receive annual payments of $1 million over the course of five years. 

 Representations,
Warranties and Covenants 

 The
GES Stock Purchase Agreement contains customary indemnifications, representations and warranties by the parties thereto. The cap
on GES Selling Stockholders liability is 50% of the total consideration received, except for breach of "Fundamental or Tax
Warranties" or fraud. The NPS Selling Stockholders under the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement have only provided limited representations
with respect to our organization, execution and delivery of the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, title to the 370 million shares,
power and authority to sell, and similar warranties of rights and ability to deliver stock ownership unencumbered. The NPS Stock
Purchase Agreement does not have any mechanism for adjusting the purchase price post-closing in the event of undisclosed or contingent
liabilities except for Leakage. No party may claim damages for breach of warranty under the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement unless
the total damages exceed $2.5 million. 

 Registration
Rights 

 The
Stock Purchase Agreements contemplate the execution by the parties of various forms of agreements at the Closing Date, including
among others, registration rights agreements for the resale of the shares to be issued to two of the NPS Selling Stockholders,
to the Backstop Investor, to Hana Investments and to SV3. The Sponsor and the two Selling Stockholders that are parties to the
WAHA Relationship Agreement and ANI Relationship Agreement will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to the Form of Amended
and Restated Registration Rights Agreement. The Sponsor is entitled to make three demands that NESR register its securities. WAHA
and ANI are entitled to two demands each but the Company shall not be obligated to grant more than an aggregate of three demand
registrations, like the Sponsor. In addition, the Sponsor, WAHA, and ANI have certain "piggy-back" registration rights
with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the Business Combination. NESR will also agree to file a resale registration
statement within a specific period of time following the Closing Date. NESR will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements. 

 In
addition, pursuant to the SV3 Contribution Agreement, SV3 has one demand registration right and piggyback registration rights
on terms consistent with the Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, including any amendment thereof. NESR
expects to offer the same registration rights to the GES Investors. Similar registration rights will be provided to Hana Investments
and the Backstop Investor and certain GES Investors. 

 99 

 THE
DESCRIPTIONS OF THE STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENTS AND RELATED AGREEMENTS IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT HAVE BEEN INCLUDED TO PROVIDE YOU
WITH INFORMATION REGARDING THEIR TERMS. SUCH AGREEMENTS CONTAIN REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES MADE BY AND TO THE PARTIES AS OF
SPECIFIC DATES. THE STATEMENTS EMBODIED IN THOSE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES WERE MADE FOR PURPOSES OF THE CONTRACTS BETWEEN
THE PARTIES AND ARE SUBJECT TO QUALIFICATIONS AND LIMITATIONS AGREED BY THE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH NEGOTIATING THE TERMS OF
THE STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENTS. IN ADDITION, CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES WERE MADE AS OF A SPECIFIED DATE OR MAY HAVE
BEEN USED FOR THE PURPOSE OF ALLOCATING RISK BETWEEN THE PARTIES RATHER THAN ESTABLISHING MATTERS AS FACTS. ACCORDINGLY, THE REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF SUCH AGREEMENTS SHOULD NOT BE READ ALONE, BUT INSTEAD SHOULD BE READ ONLY IN CONJUNCTION
WITH THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT. SEE "WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION." TO THE
EXTENT SPECIFIC MATERIAL FACTS EXIST THAT CONTRADICT THE REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, OR COVENANTS IN THE AGREEMENTS, WE HAVE
PROVIDED CORRECTIVE DISCLOSURE IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT. ADDITIONALLY, TO THE EXTENT APPROPRIATE, NESR'S SUBSEQUENT PUBLIC
DISCLOSURES WILL INCLUDE ANY MATERIAL INFORMATION NECESSARY TO PROVIDE NESR'S SHAREHOLDERS A MATERIALLY COMPLETE UNDERSTANDING
OF SUCH AGREEMENTS' DISCLOSURES. 

 Backstop
and Forward Purchase Agreement 

 In connection with the
Business Combination, on April 27, 2018 the Company entered into the Forward Purchase Agreement with the Backstop Investor,
pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell up to $150 million of the Company's ordinary shares to the Backstop Investor
or its designees and commonly controlled affiliates, including co-investment funds controlled by Backstop Investor or its affiliates.
Such Backstop Commitment will consist of: (i) a primary placement to occur concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination,
pursuant to which the Company shall sell 7,000,000 ordinary shares at $10.00 per share for a total drawdown of $70 million; and
(ii) at the Company's election, a secondary placement, pursuant to which the Company will have the option to draw, in one
or more installments, up to an additional $80 million by selling up to 7,114,906 ordinary shares at $11.244 per share. If the
Company elects to engage in a secondary placement, at least $30 million must be sold on the first draw and at least $12.5 million
must be sold in subsequent draws. All draw notices must be given with 3-10 business days' advance written notice, with the
applicable closing to occur on or within 3 months after the Business Combination. Such proceeds will (i) offset any capital used
for shareholder redemptions; (ii) fund the cash portion of the consideration to certain shareholders of NPS and transaction expenses
in connection with the Business Combination; or (iii) be used for other corporate purposes, including satisfaction of its minimum
cash requirements immediately following the Business Combination. The Company and the Backstop Investor also agreed to enter into
a registration rights agreement to grant the Backstop Investor certain rights to register the resale of any shares issued in the
Backstop Commitment after the Business Combination. 

 The closing of the
transactions contemplated by the Forward Purchase Agreement are subject to the approval by NESR shareholders of the Business Combination
Proposal and the Nasdaq Proposal, as well as certain customary closing conditions. The Backstop Investor has agreed to vote any
NESR ordinary shares it owns in favor of the Business Combination. 

 The Backstop Investor
is wholly owned by Waha Capital. The Forward Purchase Agreement contains a similar provision as the WAHA Relationship Agreement,
entitling the Backstop Investor to nominate one person to NESR's board of directors for as long as it directly owns at least
7,057,453 ordinary shares and Adnan Ghabris is not otherwise nominated to the board; provided, however, that such nominating right
shall terminate if and when the Backstop Investor fails to deliver the required purchase price in any drawdown of a secondary
placement. 

 MEA Energy, an affiliate
of the Backstop Investor, participated in the negotiation with NESR for the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement and represented the
interests of Waha Capital, a shareholder of NPS. As the transaction was being agreed upon in early November 2017, MEA Energy approached
NESR with an interest to arrange funding required to close the transaction as well as replacement capital for any redemptions
through a private placement. At the start of this process MEA Energy wanted to arrange for these investors on its own and without
any involvement from Waha Capital. In line with this, NESR agreed to sign a term sheet with MEA Energy for the Backstop Commitment.
NESR was able to negotiate the Backstop Commitment on more favorable terms, than what NESR believed would be offered by alternative
financing sources. 

 Governing
Law and Dispute Resolution 

 The
NPS Stock Purchase Agreement shall be governed and construed by English law. Any disputes shall be resolved by three arbitrators
at a proceeding held in London in English under the Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration. 

 The
GES Stock Purchase Agreement shall be governed and construed under the laws of England and Wales. Any disputes shall be resolved
by three arbitrators at a proceeding held in English at the Dubai International Finance Centre under the London Court of
International Arbitration rules. 

 100 

 The
Contribution Agreement shall be governed and construed under the laws of England and Wales. The Voting Agreement entered with
SV3 shall be governed and construed under the laws of the State of Texas. Any disputes under the Contribution Agreement or Voting
Agreement shall be resolved by a sole arbitrator at a proceeding held in Houston, Texas, under the arbitration rules of the American
Arbitration Association, which shall select the neutral arbitrator. 

 The
Shares Exchange Agreement with Sponsor shall be governed and construed under Texas law. Any disputes shall be resolved in the
courts of Harris County, Texas. The Loan Contracts being assigned are governed by various laws and means for any dispute resolution. 

 Termination
and Conditions to Closing the Business Combination 

 The
two Stock Purchase Agreements, the Contribution Agreement and the Voting Agreement, and the Shares Exchange Agreement will terminate,
and all the Registration Rights Agreements will not become effective, if the shareholders of NESR do not approve the Business
Combination. 

 When
NESR shareholders have approved the Business Combination, NESR must deliver its ordinary shares as required to the GES Selling
Stockholders, to SV3 and to the GES Investors executing the Loan Contracts. NESR must deliver $292.8 million in cash and NESR
ordinary shares as consideration to the NPS Selling Stockholders and Hana Investments. There are numerous company financial conditions
which GES must comply with, which NESR expects to be satisfied, but NESR has the right to waive any requirements not satisfied
or make adjustments to the purchase price for any Leakage, which at this time is not expected. 

 Fees
and Expenses 

 Except
as expressly stated in the Stock Purchase Agreements, Forward Purchase Agreement, Contribution Agreement or other contract, each
party to all contracts is responsible for paying its own legal fees and expenses related to the contracts, including negotiation,
execution and distribution. The cash portion of the Underwriter's fees due at closing is approximately $7 million. 

 Background
of the Business Combination 

 National
Energy Services Reunited (NESR) is a blank check company formed in the British Virgin Islands ("BVI") on January 23,
2017 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar
Business Combination with one or more businesses. The Business Combination is the result of an extensive search for a potential
transaction utilizing the global network and investing and operating experience of our management team, Board of Directors, and
external advisors. The following is a description of NESR's efforts to identify a suitable acquisition target and the background
of NESR's negotiations of the Stock Purchase Agreements, Business Combination and related transactions with NPS and GES. 

 Prior
to the consummation of our IPO, neither NESR, nor anyone on its behalf, contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive
discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to a transaction with NESR. 

 101 

 From
the date of our IPO through the end of October 2017, NESR searched for Business Combination candidates. As part of the search
process, representatives of NESR contacted and were contacted by a number of individuals and entities with respect to Business
Combination opportunities and engaged in discussions with several possible target businesses with respect to potential transactions. 

 During
that period, Sherif Foda, Chief Executive Officer, and Thomas Wood, Director of NESR, and other representatives of NESR: 

 &#9679; 
 developed
 a list of approximately 70 Oilfield Services & Equipment companies, including NPS and GES, located in NESR targeted areas
 Middle East region; Canada and the United States; 

 &#9679; 
 considered
 and conducted analysis of approximately 35 potential acquisition targets; and 

 &#9679; 
 engaged
 in preliminary discussions with representatives of approximately 20 potential acquisition targets. 

 Apart
from GES and NPS, NESR did not conduct or engage in material discussions, due diligence or negotiations with respect to any alternative
target opportunity. The decision not to pursue the alternative acquisition targets was generally the result of one or more of:
(i) Mr. Foda and Mr. Wood determination that the assets were not of sufficient quality; (ii) a potential seller's unwillingness
to engage in a transaction during the low-price phase of the commodity cycle; (iii) a difference in valuation expectations between
Mr. Foda, on the one hand, and a seller, on the other hand; (iv) a potential seller's unwillingness to engage with NESR
given the timing and uncertainty of closing due to the requirement for NESR shareholder approval; and/or (v) Mr. Foda's
and Mr. Wood's determination that the complexity and uncertainty involved (such as a corporate carve-out) caused the opportunity
to be too unlikely to warrant the expenditure of considerable resources. 

 Preparation
of the Projections of the Target Companies 

 During
the due diligence process from September to November of 2017 as well as subsequent to entering into the Share Purchase Agreement,
NESR management had been in active and continuous discussions with NPS and GES management teams to review the projections of financial
performance as well as the respective growth plans for the Targets. NESR management has significant experience in oilfield services
in the region and leveraged that knowledge base to vet, qualify and supplement these projections. NESR identified several areas
of synergies with respect to revenue and costs and also built in the effect of additional investments in new technology and tools
to generate incremental revenue for the Targets. The combined projections were then discussed and agreed with NPS and GES Selling
Stockholders. The NPS Selling Stockholders negotiated and agreed to earnouts keyed to the projected performance of the combined
business and SCF Partners had also performed an independent evaluation of the growth projections for GES and conducted an in-depth
market analysis for purposes of evaluating and negotiating its initial investment in GES in 2017. 

 Timeline
of the Business Combination 

 Following
the completion of NESR's IPO in May 2017, representatives of NESR engaged in extensive discussions with financial advisors
and companies within the energy service sectors regarding potential acquisition opportunities. While evaluating, with the assistance
of different financial advisors, targets in North America, Middle East and elsewhere, NESR started engaging in preliminary look-out
meetings to identify targets specifically in the Middle East. 

 On
May 17, 2017, Mr. Foda received an email from Mr. Yasser Al Barami, Chairman of GES, enquiring about the IPO after reading it
through a press release, as well as about the possibility of partnering with NESR. 

 On
May 18, 2017, Mr. Foda responded to Mr. Al Barami and agreed to sign a non-disclosure agreement with Mubadarah Investments LLC,
the controlling shareholder of GES, before starting substantial negotiations. 

 On
May 31, 2017, Mr. Foda travelled to Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, to engage in negotiations with regional investors and to start engaging
target companies. While in Riyadh, Mr. Foda met with large regional investors and they discussed raising additional funds should
NESR target larger or additional companies to create a footprint across the region, as well as for any future technology acquisitions
outside the Middle East region. 

 On
June 2, 2017, Mr. Foda travelled to Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, and met with the founders of GES, Mr. Hilal Al Busaidy and Mr. Yasser
Al Barami. Mr. Foda discussed with them the possibility of merging GES with NESR and the idea of looking at other regional service
companies to benefit from synergies and scale. Mr. Al Busaidy and Mr. Al Barami agreed to consider the proposal. Mr. Foda further
explained his overall vision of how the deal may be realized. 

 102 

 On
June 4, 2017, Mr. Al Barami informed Mr. Foda that they had been negotiating with a US private equity firm (SCF Partners) to acquire
a minority interest in GES and that they would need to evaluate how to take an engagement with NESR forward keeping in mind these
limitations. Mr. Al Barami and Mr. Al Busaidy were interested in the opportunity to become part of a publicly traded company,
but they were also in need for a quick close to raise cash to repay bank debt of $40 million. Given the information provided to
Mr. Foda, he decided to engage with SCF Partners to discuss a partnership for a joint acquisition of GES by NESR and SCF Partners. 

 On
June 4, 2017, Mr. Foda reached out to Theresa Eaton from SCF Partners to discuss a possible joint acquisition of GES by NESR and
SCF Partners. Ms. Eaton agreed to arrange a meeting with Andrew Waite (Co-President of SCF Partners) who had been engaging with
GES. Mr. Waite responded favorably and agreed to meet with Mr. Foda. 

 On
June 5, 2017, Mr. Foda travelled to Dammam, Saudi Arabia and visited with NPS CEO Adnan Ghabris and major oil companies. NPS welcomed
the idea of joining with GES or any other regional company provided it made overall strategic sense. It was agreed by the parties
to further explore developing a proposal for NESR to acquire NPS that would accommodate NPS' shareholding structure, consisting
of four private equity institutions and two individual shareholders. 

 On
June 9, 2017, Mr. Foda travelled to London and met with Michael Raynes and Sari Haider, representatives of a major shareholder
of NPS, to discuss the possibility of NESR acquiring NPS. In this meeting the parties started detailed discussions on an initial
understanding of valuation, potential timing and other related matters. The NPS representatives outlined the process that NPS
would follow in terms of evaluating NESR's interest given the different entities involved. Mr. Foda agreed that the parties
needed to finalize negotiations promptly so as not to disturb the operations. NPS had over the last couple of years received various
offers and at this stage NESR and NPS representatives had a wide gap in the understanding of the valuation. After a day of negotiations,
the differences were narrowed, and the parties agreed to resume discussions in good faith in the near future. 

 On
June 12, 2017, Mr. Foda travelled to Dubai for a meeting with NPS management to understand the company's businesses in different
geographic regions. 

 On
June 13, 2017, Mr. Foda travelled to Muscat, Oman and met with Mr. Al Busaidy and Mr. Al Barami, at which he received and participated
in a detailed business review of GES operations. Subsequent to that meeting Mr. Foda presented to GES a preliminary term sheet.
The terms offered included $95 million cash for 34% of the GES Shares, plus a onetime payment for a $10 million earn-out plus
18.2 million NESR ordinary shares at $10.00 per share for the remaining 66% of GES. 

 On
June 14, 2017, Mr. Al Busaidy informed Mr. Foda that the proposed terms were not acceptable, and that further discussion would
be required. 

 On
June 16, 2017, SCF Partners signed a non-disclosure agreement with NESR. NESR learned the details by which an affiliate of SCF
Partners, SV3, was negotiating to buy a minority stake in GES. 

 On
June 21, 2017, Mr. Foda met with Mr. Waite and Ms. Eaton in Houston to discuss further the possibility of partnering for the acquisition
of GES as well as future acquisitions in the region. Over the next few days Mr. Foda, Mr. Waite and Ms. Eaton conceptually agreed
on the way forward. 

 103 

 On
June 26, 2017, NESR signed a non-disclosure agreement with MEA Energy, an affiliate of Waha Capital, with Mr. Raynes and
Mr. Haider as principal contacts. 

 From
June 14 to early July 2017, negotiations continued between NESR and GES shareholders over multiple term sheets and an understanding
was reached between the parties under which the front-end valuation was kept at $85 million for 34% of GES, but the back- end
(post-Business Combination) valuation increased to 20 million NESR shares at $10.00 per share for the remaining 66%. This 66%
included 5% of GES shares owned by the National Bank of Oman. 

 On
July 2, 2017, Mr. Foda travelled to Dubai and met with SCF Partners (Ms. Eaton) and GES Shareholders (Mr. Al Barami and Mr. Al
Busaidy). A possible deal structure was discussed in detail and the process for SCF Partners to close on the acquisition of the
minority interest and agreement in principle that SCF would convert shares they acquire in GES into NESR shares after NESR obtains
shareholder approval on the Business Combination. The parties agreed to start work on the SPA while NESR reviewed the due diligence
conducted by SCF. SCF had been using Vinson & Elkins as their Legal advisors and Deloitte for the financial due diligence.
NESR had appointed Looper Goodwine as legal advisors. GES appointed Ajman & Co. as their legal advisors. 

 On
July 3, 2017, Ms. Eaton visited NPS office and met with NPS management to review the outlook of operations in the Middle East
region. 

 During
the latter part of the week of July 3, 2017, Mr. Foda, Mr. Waite and GES shareholders met in Houston, Texas to continue the discussions
on the terms of the transaction which resulted in an agreed term sheet. V&E represented SCF, Ajman & Co represented GES
Shareholders and Looper Goodwine represented NESR. All parties started working on the draft agreement whereby SCF would take eventually
a minority stake of 27.3% in GES for $68.25 million with an option to acquire additional 6.7% of GES shares for $16.75 million.
The remaining 66% valued at $200 million was to be converted to NESR ordinary shares at $10.00 per share (including National Bank
of Oman's 5% share of GES) at closing post regulatory and shareholder approvals. 

 On July 18, 2017, Mr. Foda, GES Shareholders and SCF travelled to London to discuss with MEA Energy potential
terms for NPS's acquisition. The progress on the GES transaction was shared with MEA Energy, and a roadmap for the contemplated
transaction was proposed. Mr. Al Barami, who had travelled to join the meeting in London, also met with the MEA Energy separately
and discussed in detail how combining the GES and NPS businesses would work. Key points Mr. Al Barami and Mr. Raynes agreed upon
included providing each shareholder the flexibility of choosing their own percentage of cash buyout instead of an equity rollover
split, provided that the overall cash payment and equity (NESR equity at $10.00 per share) would be limited under the following
considerations; (1) maximum cash component of 70% of the total consideration, and (2) maximum stock component of 2/3rd of the total
consideration. There were still significant disagreements with Mr. Raynes with respect to the expected sale price anticipated for
shareholders to be deemed an acceptable return on their investment in NPS, which they acquired in 2014, as well as the composition
of the contribution between cash and stock. 

 From
July 18 to mid-August 2017, Mr. Foda and the NESR team, Mr. Dhiraj Dudeja and Mr. Joseph Nawfal, worked with MEA Energy in its
capacity as an affiliate of one of the NPS Selling Stockholders, on ironing out the differences on valuation as well as sharing
their views on the different needs and wants of the various stakeholders. 

 104 

 On
August 15, 2017, Mr. Foda met with representatives of a major investor, Hana Investments, a subsidiary of The Olayan Group, in
London, and presented the vision of combining NPS and GES to create a regional player. Mr. Foda discussed the terms of a potential
$150 million investment in the acquisition of NPS and the possibility of converting such investment into NESR shares after NESR
shareholder approval. 

 On
August 18, 2017, NESR sent an offer letter and term sheet to the NPS CEO Adnan Ghabris. The offer was a mix of cash and NESR ordinary
shares. Mr. Foda then held detailed discussions on NESR's offer with the Chairman of the Board of NPS. The offer was $278.5
million in cash and 21.5 million NESR ordinary shares subject to the deal obtaining shareholder and regulatory approval. Mr. Foda
was appraised that an internal discussion between all the shareholders of NPS would be needed for the NESR offer to be considered. 

 On
August 22, 2017, Mr. Foda travelled to Dubai, where he held a meeting with the other major NPS shareholder (Mr. Iqbal, CEO of
Fajr Capital Limited, and Mr. Atif Mahmood, Managing Partner of Fajr Capital Limited). Contemporaneously with these meetings,
Mr. Foda received the feedback that there was no consensus amongst the shareholders on strategy, whether to sell or consider other
options, and they were not in agreement on the NESR offer in terms of consideration offered and cash/equity split. Some shareholders
wanted to consider other competing offers which had been presented to them recently. Mr. Foda had presented different options
to the shareholders in terms of cash/equity split. The NESR offer gave a range (50/50 Cash Equity, 60/40 Cash Equity, 70/30 Cash
Equity with a maximum of 70% cash and if more equity was required than up to 2/3rd Equity) to help the shareholders reach
an agreement on the split. Two of the four shareholders agreed on the vision but did not agree on the valuation or wanted to explore
other options which in their opinion had a better fit in terms of expected return on their investment. It was agreed with Mr.
Raynes that NESR would continue to work with the shareholders supporting the transaction to address the concerns of the remaining
shareholders who did not yet fully agree on NESR's offer. 

 On August 23, 2017, Mr. Foda travelled to Abu Dhabi to meet with Waha Capital, a major shareholder of NPS.
Waha Capital management wanted to fully understand the vision as well as discuss the integration plans, possible technology implementation
upside and the financial offering with special consideration to the cash/equity split. 

 On
August 30, 2017, an NPS board meeting took place and it was approved to continue the process with NESR pursuant to which NPS Shareholders
appointed a committee to negotiate the legal and commercial terms with NESR with representation from each institutional shareholder. 

 From
August 27, 2017 through the end of August 2017, in addition to SCF's due diligence, Imad Barake, a NESR representative,
visited Oman to review the due diligence work already done and to conduct additional work on some pending issues. 

 During
the first week of September 2017, NESR appointed J.P. Morgan as its financial advisor for the NPS and GES transactions, and NPS
shareholders appointed Citigroup as their financial advisor. During this period NESR worked on putting together various scenarios
which would be presented to the NPS shareholders based on different feedback through the various meetings held in August and the
different priorities of the four main institutional shareholders of NPS. 

 105 

 On
September 5, 2017, Mr. Foda travelled to London where he met with key personnel of Hana Investments, to finalize the terms of
Hana Investments' $150 million investment to finance a portion of the potential acquisition of NPS as well as buying out
the minority shareholders in GES. 

 Also
in the first week of September 2017, NPS shareholders appointed a committee which included a member from the key institutional
shareholders and NPS Management. The committee included Mr. Raynes representing Waha Capital and Al Nowais Investments, LLC, Mr.
Ghabris CEO of NPS, Mr. Atif Mahmood from Fajr Capital, and Ms. Basema Al Mahroos from APICORP to negotiate the legal
and commercial terms with NESR. 

 Between
September 7 and 9, 2017, Mr. Foda and J.P. Morgan met with the NPS committee and their sell side financial advisor Citigroup in
London, where a mutual agreement was reached on the overall valuation of NPS. However, the overall split of cash and equity between
the shareholders remained pending as well as certain provisions relating to earn-outs and the sponsor's shareholding in
the eventual entity. The NPS committee in turn had to get approval from their organizations. A timeline was set for such approval
by the end of September when a board meeting of NPS was due to discuss NESR's offer, other competing offers and the option
of taking the company public via an IPO. 

 Between
September 11 and 25, 2017, NESR and SCF Partners worked on the finalization of SCF's participation in the GES transaction,
as well as converting the acquired GES shares into NESR ordinary shares post-NESR's shareholder approval. The discussions
were assisted by Vinson & Elkins acting for SCF and Looper Goodwine acting for NESR. 

 During
the same period and until September 22, 2017, NPS shareholders and NESR negotiated a provisional term sheet. On September 22,
2017, NPS CEO Mr. Ghabris signed the term sheet with NESR. The term sheet provided exclusivity for due diligence to NESR up to
October 18, 2017. NESR appointed the law office of Clyde & Co to conduct the legal due diligence and a major global public
accounting firm for financial and other due diligence. NPS appointed Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer as its legal advisors. 

 During
both the GES and NPS negotiations, Mr. Foda had regularly apprised NESR's board members individually of the progress on
the acquisition process. On September 26, a NESR board meeting was held to review the status and review the companies that were
selected for a possible Business Combination. Mr. Dudeja presented to the board the different companies which were evaluated,
the offers being considered for GES and NPS and the progress on the negotiations with the two companies. 

 From
October 2 to 6, 2017, Mr. Foda travelled to Toronto and New York for meetings with the investors who agreed to wall cross to appraise
them of the progress as well as to seek their feedback on the proposed transactions. 

 On
October 6, 2017, Mr. Foda and Mr. Wood met with Mr. Raynes and the CEO of Waha Capital in New York to update them on the investor
feedback and it was agreed that the terms would be finalized as soon as possible to present to the board of NPS to obtain approval
to sign a definitive agreement by the end of October 2017. 

 From
October 10 to 14, 2017, negotiations and conference calls were held with NPS shareholders and their legal representatives on drafting
definitive documents. 

 On
October 16, 2017, Mr. Foda met with the CEO of APICORP, a major shareholder of NPS in Bahrain regarding NESR's offer for
NPS. Mr. Foda presented to him and his team the opportunity in detail as well as the long-term growth plan to convince him of
rolling over 50% of their holdings into NESR stock post shareholder approval. 

 106 

 From
October 17 to 19, 2017, the NESR team including Mr. Foda, Mr. Dudeja, J.P. Morgan, Clyde and Co and representatives of Hana Investments
met in Dubai with NPS Shareholders' representatives (Atif Mahmood and his team from Fajr Capital, Sari Haidar and the Waha
Capital team, Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer and Citigroup) to finalize the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement. Progress was made, and
the parties came to an agreement to execute the SPA by month end, despite remaining differences on some commercial issues and
legal matters. At the end of the meeting an agreement was reached on the total consideration and key terms, but several commercial
and legal issues remained outstanding. 

 On
October 23, 2017, Mr. Foda attended the Saudi Future Investment Forum in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia and met with the chairman of the
NPS board, as well as the other NPS shareholders and major regional investors. Mr. Foda was informed that the NPS board would
meet by month end to review the progress and potentially approve the transaction. 

 On
October 26, 2017, a second round of negotiations was held between NESR and NPS representatives, as well as their respective legal
representatives, addressing remaining issues on the SPA. The parties were still discussing valuation and several material terms
of the agreement. Hana Investments was expected to make the payment of $150 million on October 31, 2017 and wanted to delay the
payment. The parties negotiated to delay payment to December 31, 2017, but the NPS Selling Stockholders were demanding a Ticker
Fee on all amounts not paid by December 31, 2017. They wanted the Ticker Fee to apply both to the cash payments not made as well
as the stock payments not made. Since NESR was only offering some cash and some stock, the NPS Selling Stockholders were still
negotiating among themselves which shareholders would receive cash and which would remain as reinvesting shareholders of NESR.
With respect to the valuation, the earn-out premium and EBITDA multiples on purchase price valuations were still being discussed. 

 On
October 28, 2017, a business plan was presented to NPS shareholders to obtain their agreement on key EBITDA targets to calculate
the earn-out for the reinvested shareholders. 

 On
October 30, 2017, NPS shareholders met in Dubai and approved the terms of the transaction, providing for consideration in the
form of $442.8 million in cash and $113.2 million in NESR shares. Earn-out provisions were also finalized and agreed upon, and
included $7.5 million on renewal of a major customer contract, up to 1.67 million NESR ordinary shares on a linear sliding scale
for 2018 EBITDA above $157 million up to $166 million. And for 2018 EBITDA above $166 million and up to $200 million, up to an
additional 1.67 million NESR ordinary shares on a linear sliding scale basis. 

 On
November 3, 2017, a NESR board meeting convened to seek approval for the transaction. A representative of J.P. Morgan made a presentation
of its preliminary financial analyses of the proposed transactions. In addition, the Company's Board of Directors discussed
with NESR management the terms of the agreements. 

 On
November 10, 2017, a subsequent NESR board meeting convened where further discussion was held regarding approval of the transactions.
After further consideration, the NESR Board approved the NPS and GES transactions, subject to the NESR management receiving from
J.P. Morgan a written opinion addressed to the Company's Board of Directors as to the fairness, from a financial point of
view, to the Company of the consideration to be paid by the Company in the proposed transactions. 

 From
November 3 to 11, 2017, the legal teams representing the parties had several meetings and conference calls to finalize the Stock
Purchase Agreements and other agreements related to the transaction. 

 On
November 12, 2017, J.P. Morgan delivered its written fairness opinion to the Board of Directors of the Company, dated November
12, 2017, that, as of such date and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in its opinion, the consideration
to be paid by the Company in the proposed Business Combination was fair, from a financial point of view, to the Company. 

 107 

 On
November 12, 2017, all final issues between the parties were agreed upon and final Stock Purchase Agreements were circulated for
signature. 

 During the first week of November, Mr. Foda also reached an agreement in principle with MEA Energy for them
to arrange a facility to provide a Backstop Commitment totaling $150 million to help fund the Business Combination and cover any
redemptions from the NESR trust account at closing. The Backstop Commitment term sheet was signed on November 12, 2017. 

 Also
on November 12, 2017, all parties including Hana Investments signed the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement. On the same date, all other
GES agreements with GES shareholders were executed and a press release was issued to announce the transactions. The transactions
were also presented to various dignitaries at the prestigious Abu Dhabi International Petroleum Exhibition and Conference event
in Abu Dhabi on the same day. 

 On
November 16, 2017, NESR filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC disclosing the Stock Purchase Agreements and providing
a summary of the transaction and related documents. 

 Between
November 16, 2017 and February 11, 2018, NESR with the assistance of its advisors, including EGS, Looper Goodwine and J.P. Morgan,
held calls and sent multiple emails to discuss the status, terms and open items for the preparation of this proxy statement. 

 From
late December 2017 until the date hereof, Mr. Foda has been continuously discussing with the NPS Selling Stockholders a waiver
of the Ticker Fees as stipulated in the NPS Stockholder Purchase Agreement. 

 On
January 14, 2018, Hana Investments paid $150 million to the NPS Selling Stockholders to prevent the accrual of the Ticker Fee,
which would have otherwise begun accruing as of January 1, 2018 pursuant to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement. 

 NESR's
Board of Directors' Reasons for the Approval of the Business Combination 

 NESR's
Board of Directors considered a wide variety of factors in connection with its evaluation of the Business Combination. In light
of the complexity of those factors, NESR's Board of Directors, as a whole, did not consider it practicable to, nor did it
attempt to, quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to the specific factors it took into account in reaching its decision.
Individual members of NESR's Board of Directors may have given different weight to different factors. This explanation of
the reasons for the Board of Directors approval of the Business Combination, and all other information presented in this section
is forward-looking and should be read in light of the factors discussed under "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements." 

 Before
reaching its decision, the NESR Board of Directors reviewed the results of the due diligence reports prepared by a major global
public accounting firm and NESR's management independently on NPS and GES, as well as SCF Partners' due diligence
on GES, which included: 

 108 

 &#9679; 
 research
 on comparable public companies within the oilfield services space; 

 &#9679; 
 research
 on comparable transactions; 

 &#9679; 
 extensive
 meetings and calls with NPS's and GES's management team regarding operations and forecasts; 

 &#9679; 
 extensive
 meetings and calls with SCF Partners regarding GES; 

 &#9679; 
 research
 on the Middle East oilfield services market, including potential activity trends by country or in the region as a whole; 

 &#9679; 
 multiple
 visits by NESR management to NPS and GES headquarters; 

 &#9679; 
 multiple
 discussions with customers in the region regarding NPS's and GES's existing operational performance and potential; 

 &#9679; 
 multiple
 discussions with key industry leaders in the region; 

 &#9679; 
 a
 review of both NPS's and GES's material contracts, environmental matters, labor matters and financial, tax, legal,
 land, title, and accounting due diligence; 

 &#9679; 
 consultation
 with NESR's management and legal and financial advisors and industry experts; 

 &#9679; 
 financial
 and valuation analysis of NPS and GES and the Business Combination; 

 &#9679; 
 NPS's
 and GES's unaudited financial statements; and 

 &#9679; 
 independent
 market analysis which SCF Partners commissioned as part of its due diligence. 

 Consistent
with this strategy, we identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believed would be important in evaluating
prospective target businesses. We intended to focus our efforts on seeking and completing an initial Business Combination with
one or more target entities that have an enterprise value of between $600 million and $1.25 billion, although a target entity
with a smaller or larger enterprise value would be considered. We intended to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating
acquisition opportunities, but we also could decide to enter into our initial Business Combination with a target business that
did not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intended to acquire companies that we believed: 

 &#9679; 
 could
 utilize the extensive networks and insights we have built in the energy services industry; 

 &#9679; 
 are
 at an inflection point, such as requiring additional management expertise, are able to innovate through new operational techniques,
 or that we would be able to drive improved financial performance; 

 &#9679; 
 are
 fundamentally sound companies that are underperforming their potential as a result of the current low price of oil and corresponding
 services; 

 &#9679; 
 exhibit
 unrecognized value or other characteristics that we believe have been misevaluated by the marketplace; 

 109 

 &#9679; 
 need
 new technology ideas and/or tools to reveal the full potential of the companies; and 

 &#9679; 
 can
 enlarge its base of services and expand its geographical footprint from the current serving platform. 

 The
Board of Directors concluded that NPS and GES substantially met the above criteria. In particular, the Board of Directors considered
the following positive factors, although not weighted or presented in any order of significance: 

 Attractively
positioned in the oil-rich Middle East and North Africa (MENA region) . NESR's CEO Sherif Foda has years of experience
with Schlumberger in the MENA region. Substantially all of the operations of NPS and GES are in the MENA region, which has one
of the lowest costs of production for oil and gas. The Target Company Group has extensive networks and customers throughout the
MENA region. The Middle East remains among the most profitable regions for oil and gas services due to low development costs,
which helps to insulate the services activity from large global price swings. Overall Middle East drilling activity has not declined
materially over the last three years while, in comparison, the United States drilling rig count has dropped considerably, as evidenced
by the February 2018 Baker Hughes World Wide Rig Count Report stating that the monthly average Middle East rig count has dropped
less than 1% from January 2015 to December 2017 while the monthly average rig count in the United States dropped 50% over the
same three-year period. Furthermore, short-term projections expect drilling activity to continue to increase with expected increases
in spend by exploration and production companies across the region. This indicates that the fundamental drivers for activity will
be strong in the region. The senior management teams of both NPS and GES are expected to remain in their respective companies
and were keen to pursue the acquisition by NESR to gain access to new technologies and service methodologies/processes used in
the United States. The synergies generated from the acquisitions are anticipated to cause value to be realized in the marketplace.
The size of the Business Combination and proximity of operations offers attractive alternatives to potential customers in India
and Asia. 

 Comprehensive
provider of services with scalable platform. Both the companies have a good match geographically and will complement each other
in product lines which have footprints across key markets. This will allow cross selling and allow NESR to build on the considerable
footprint of NPS as well as the services diversity of GES and strength of position in Oman. The combination will also provide
several opportunities to grow with addition of new technologies and will have a multiplier effect on the existing portfolios.
Each Target Company is at an inflection point in its development and is anticipated to exponentially benefit from innovative operating
techniques that NESR executives identify as available to improve operational and financial performance. Both Target Companies
have sound operations and their experienced management are expected to remain with NESR. Both Target Companies have developed
as private companies without exposure to the technologies of larger international service companies, and thus NESR management
believes that the inherent value of their businesses can be increased significantly with NESR's guidance. 

 GES
and NPS are a good match geographically . The Target Companies will complement each other's product lines, which both
have footprints across key markets. This will facilitate cross-selling and allow NESR to build on NPS's considerable footprint
as well as GES's services diversity and strength of position in Oman. The combination will also provide several opportunities
to grow with the addition of new technologies and will have a multiplier effect on the existing portfolios. NESR can expand that
footprint. 

 MENA
governments' overall drive to promote activities which will benefit their respective economies. Both NPS and GES originate
in the region and have contributed to the local economies, particularly in terms of in country value creation, employment and
growth. Their future growth is also in line with the same paradigm. Today the local service industry is a very small part of the
overall oilfield services market and has the potential to grow to about half of the total services market. 

 110 

 Top-tier
performers well respected by customers in their region of operations. Both
Target Companies have grown significantly over the last decade and with their entrepreneurial spirit and enterprise, have created
a notable position for themselves in the services market in the MENA region. Both Target Companies have weathered very well the
oil price downturn that began in 2014, and have increased revenues over the last three years. 

 Terms
of the Stock Purchase Agreements and Contribution Agreement. NESR's Board of Directors reviewed the financial and other
terms of the Stock Purchase Agreements and the Contribution Agreement and determined that they were the product of arm's-length
negotiations among the parties. 

 Shareholder
approval. The NESR Board of Directors considered the fact that in connection with the Business Combination NESR shareholders
have the option to (i) remain shareholders of the combined company, (ii) sell their shares on the open market or (iii) redeem
their shares for the per share amount held in the Trust Account. 

 Redemption
rights. NESR has negotiated
an agreement with the Backstop Investor in which the Backstop Investor will commit to purchase additional NESR ordinary shares
at a price of $10.00-$11.244 per share, the proceeds of which may be used, among other things, to fund the Business Combination
and related expenses, to cover redemptions in, and/or for future working capital, the event that any public shareholders elect
to have their NESR ordinary shares redeemed in connection with the Business Combination, up to a maximum of $150 million. 

 Strong
liquidity profile. After giving effect to the Business Combination, NESR expects to have sufficient liquidity and financial
flexibility to fund NPS's and GES's growth requirements and pursue opportunistic acquisitions. 

 Synergies.
 Following management's discussions with the Target Companies, management estimates that the synergies generated from the acquisitions
may create greater than $40 million in annual revenue and additional savings through operating and capital synergies which are
expected to be realizable within three years of closing. 

 Opinion
of J.P. Morgan. The Company's Board of Directors received from J.P. Morgan a written opinion to the Company's Board
of Directors, dated November 12, 2017, that, as of such date and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth
in its opinion, the consideration (as defined in the opinion) to be paid by the Company in the proposed Transactions (as defined
in the opinion) was fair, from a financial point of view, to the Company, as more fully described below in the section entitled
"The Business Combination Proposal--Opinion of J.P. Morgan". The full text of the written opinion of J.P. Morgan,
dated November 12, 2017, is attached to this proxy statement as Annex E. 

 In
the course of its deliberations, the NESR Board of Directors also considered a variety of uncertainties, risks and other potentially
negative reasons relevant to the transaction, including the following: 

 &#9679; 
 Oil,
 natural gas and natural gas liquid ("NGL") prices are volatile. A sustained decline in oil, natural gas and NGL
 prices could adversely affect NESR's business, financial condition and results of operations and its ability to meet
 its capital expenditure obligations and financial commitments. 

 &#9679; 
 NPS's
 and GES's growth and capital expenditure plans require substantial capital that NESR may be unable to obtain, which
 could lead to a decline in its ability to sustain their businesses or access new service markets or grow their businesses. 

 111 

 &#9679; 
 NPS's
 and GES's operations and activities are located in the MENA and Asia Pacific region, making them vulnerable to risks
 associated with a concentration of operations in a single geographic area. 

 &#9679; 
 NPS's
 and GES's existing commercial arrangements with their customers in the region do not provide guaranteed revenues and
 both companies could lose existing contracts with their customers significantly affecting their cash flows. 

 &#9679; 
 If
 commodity prices decrease to a level such that NPS and GES customers' future undiscounted cash flows from their properties/acreages
 are less than their carrying value, they may reduce or stop their operations, affecting either company's activities
 and cash flows. 

 &#9679; 
 Increasing
 competition in the region may increase the likelihood of service cost deflation and limit both NPS's and GES's
 ability to compete with the majors. 

 &#9679; 
 The
 operations of NPS and GES are subject to operational hazards for which they may not be adequately insured. 

 &#9679; 
 NPS's
 and GES's businesses are difficult to evaluate because they have limited operating history compared to the major integrated
 oilfield service companies, and they may be susceptible to the potential difficulties associated with rapid growth and expansion. 

 &#9679; 
 The
 operations of NPS and GES are subject to various governmental regulations that require compliance that can be burdensome and
 expensive and adversely affect the feasibility of conducting their respective operations. 

 &#9679; 
 Any
 failure by NPS or GES to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations could result in governmental authorities
 taking actions that adversely affect their respective operations and financial condition. 

 &#9679; 
 The
 risk that the Business Combination might not be completed promptly, or that the Business Combination might not close despite
 the companies' efforts, including as a result of a failure to obtain the approval of NESR's shareholders. 

 &#9679; 
 The
 risk that the transactions contemplated by the respective Stock Purchase Agreements and the Contribution Agreement may not
 be completed in accordance with their terms or at all. 

 &#9679; 
 The
 significant fees and expenses associated with completing the Business Combination and the substantial time and effort of management
 required to complete the Business Combination. 

 After
carefully considering the possible negative and positive aspects of the contemplated transactions, the NESR Board of Directors
concluded, in its business judgment, that the potentially positive aspects relating to the Business Combination outweighed the
potentially negative consequences. In connection with its deliberations, the NESR Board of Directors did not consider the fairness
of the consideration to be paid in the Business Combination by any person other than NESR. 

 112 

 Opinion
of J.P. Morgan 

 Pursuant
to an engagement letter dated October 3, 2017, the Company retained J.P. Morgan as its financial advisor in connection with the
proposed Business Combination and to deliver a fairness opinion in connection with the proposed Business Combination. For purposes
of this section, we refer to the "Business Combination" as the acquisition of NPS and the acquisition of GES. 

 For
purposes of this section and for the J.P. Morgan opinion, J.P. Morgan evaluated the consideration to be paid by the Company in
the proposed Business Combination as the following, in the aggregate: (i) an aggregate amount of cash equal to $442,790,940 plus
a cash earn-out of $7,572,444 (assuming all conditions to achieving the earnout contemplated by the NPS Purchase Agreement are
met), less $150,000,000 to be paid directly by Hana Investments to the NPS Selling Stockholders, paid to the NPS Selling Stockholders,
(ii) an aggregate of 11,318,827 NESR ordinary shares plus 3,343,408 NESR ordinary shares (assuming the achievement of a full earn-out
on the stock consideration contemplated by the NPS Purchase Agreement, to be issued to the NPS Selling Stockholders, (iii) an
aggregate number of NESR ordinary shares equal to the $150,000,000 to be paid by Hana Investments directly to the NPS Selling
Stockholders divided by $11.244 to be issued to Hana Investments, (iv) an aggregate number of NESR ordinary shares equal to $184,848,485
divided by $10.00 issued to the GES Selling Stockholders under the GES Purchase Agreement, (v) an aggregate number of NESR ordinary
shares which would be equal to the amount paid by SV3 to acquire the shares of GES contributed under the GES Contribution Agreement
divided by $10.00, issued to SV3 under the GES Contribution Agreement and (vi) the assumption by the Company of loan obligations
of Holdings in a principal amount of $29,250,000, which loan obligations will be settled by the Company by the issuance of an
aggregate number of NESR ordinary shares equal to the amounts payable under the loans divided by $10.00 to the applicable lenders
under the loans. Additional information about the assumptions regarding this consideration are noted in this section below. 

 On
November 12, 2017, J.P. Morgan delivered its written opinion to the Board of Directors of the Company, dated November 12, 2017,
that, as of such date and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in its opinion, the consideration to
be paid by the Company in the proposed Business Combination was fair, from a financial point of view, to the Company. The full
text of the written opinion of J.P. Morgan dated November 12, 2017, which sets forth the assumptions made, matters considered
and limits on the review undertaken, is attached as Annex E to this proxy statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The
summary of the opinion of J.P. Morgan set forth in this proxy statement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of such opinion. The Company's security holders are urged to read the opinion in its entirety. J.P. Morgan's
written opinion was addressed to the Board of Directors of the Company (in its capacity as such) in connection with and for the
purposes of its evaluation of the proposed Business Combination, was directed only to the consideration to be paid by the Company
in the Business Combination and did not address any other aspect of the Business Combination. J.P. Morgan expressed no opinion
as to the fairness of the consideration to the holders of any class of securities, creditors or other constituencies of the Company
or the Target Companies or as to the underlying decision by the Company or the Target Companies to engage in the proposed Business
Combination. J.P. Morgan's opinion is based on the combined businesses of the Company, NPS and GES and as such the opinion
cannot be used to evaluate any transaction on a standalone basis or otherwise that does not include all the proposed Business
Combination. 

 The
issuance of J.P. Morgan's opinion was approved by a fairness committee of J.P. Morgan. The summary of the opinion of J.P.
Morgan set forth in this proxy statement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such opinion. The opinion
does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder of the Company as to how such shareholder should vote or act with respect
to the proposed Business Combination or any other matter. 

 In
arriving at its opinions, J.P. Morgan, among other things: 

 &#9679; 
 reviewed
 a draft of the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement dated November 11, 2017; 

 &#9679; 
 reviewed
 a draft of the GES Stock Purchase Agreement delivered on November 9, 2017; 

 &#9679; 
 reviewed
 a draft dated November 10, 2017 of the SV3 Contribution Agreement; 

 &#9679; 
 reviewed
 a draft dated November 10, 2017 of the Shares Exchange Agreement; 

 &#9679; 
 reviewed
 certain publicly available business and financial information concerning the Company and the Target Companies and the industries
 in which they operate; 

 &#9679; 
 compared
 the proposed financial terms of the Business Combination with the publicly available financial terms of certain transactions
 involving companies J.P. Morgan deemed relevant and the consideration received for such companies; 

 &#9679; 
 compared
 the financial and operating performance of the Target Companies with publicly available information concerning certain other
 companies J.P. Morgan deemed relevant; 

 113 

 &#9679; 
 reviewed
 certain internal financial analyses and forecasts prepared by the management of the Company relating to the Target Companies,
 as well as the estimated amount and timing of the cost savings and related expenses and synergies expected to result from
 the Business Combination (the "Synergies"); (See "Certain Unaudited Internal Financial Projections");
 and 

 &#9679; 
 performed
 such other financial studies and analyses and considered such other information as J.P. Morgan deemed appropriate for the
 purposes of its opinion. 

 In
addition, J.P. Morgan held discussions with certain members of the management of the Company and each of the Target Companies
with respect to certain aspects of the Business Combination, and the past and current business operations of the Company and the
Target Companies, the financial condition and future prospects and operations of the Company and the Target Companies, the effects
of the Business Combination on the financial condition and future prospects of the Company and the Target Companies, and certain
other matters J.P. Morgan believed necessary or appropriate to its inquiry. 

 In
giving its opinion, J.P. Morgan relied upon and assumed the accuracy and completeness of all information that was publicly available
or was furnished to or discussed with J.P. Morgan by the Company and each of the Target Companies or otherwise reviewed by or
for J.P. Morgan, and J.P. Morgan did not independently verify (and did not assume responsibility or liability for independently
verifying) any such information or its accuracy or completeness. J.P. Morgan did not conduct or was not provided with any valuation
or appraisal of any assets or liabilities, nor did J.P. Morgan evaluate the solvency of either of the Target Companies or any
other party under any applicable laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or similar matters. In relying on financial analyses
and forecasts provided to J.P. Morgan or derived therefrom, including the Synergies (See "Certain Unaudited Internal Financial
Projections"), J.P. Morgan assumed that they were reasonably prepared based on assumptions reflecting the best currently
available estimates and judgments by management as to the expected future results of operations and financial condition of the
Company and the Target Companies to which such analyses or forecasts relate. J.P. Morgan expressed no view as to such analyses
or forecasts (including the Synergies) or the assumptions on which they were based. J.P. Morgan also assumed that the Business
Combination and other transactions contemplated by the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, the GES Stock Purchase Agreement, the Contribution
Agreement and the Shares Exchange Agreement will have the tax consequences described in discussions with, and materials furnished
to J.P. Morgan by, representatives of the Company, and that the other transactions contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreements
will be consummated as described in the Stock Purchase Agreements and this proxy statement, and that the definitive Stock Purchase
Agreements would not differ in any material respect from the drafts thereof provided to J.P. Morgan. 

 With
the Company's consent, J.P. Morgan assumed that the acquisition of NPS and the acquisition of GES will be consummated on
a substantially concurrent basis and only if both acquisitions will be consummated, and as a result J.P. Morgan evaluated the
consideration to be paid in the Business Combination in the aggregate. As a result, J.P. Morgan evaluated the consideration to
be paid in the acquisition of NPS and the acquisition of GES in the aggregate and not either the consideration to be paid by the
Company for the acquisition of NPS or the consideration to be paid by the Company for the acquisition of GES independently or
the allocation of any portion of the consideration to be paid to any security holder of either of the Target Companies. 

 J.P.
Morgan also assumed that the representations and warranties made by the Company, the Target Companies, the NPS Selling Stockholders,
Hana Investments, the GES Selling Stockholders, SV3 and NESR Holdings and all other parties to any of the Stock Purchase Agreements
or related agreements of are and will be true and correct in all respects material to its analysis and that no losses for which
a party may be required to provide indemnification will be incurred, and that, except as based on the estimates as provided by
the Company for purposes of J.P. Morgan's opinion or as noted herein, any possible adjustment for net debt, leakage or otherwise,
to the consideration to be paid by NESR under the Stock Purchase Agreements, will not result in any adjustment to the consideration
that is material to J.P Morgan's analysis. J.P Morgan is not a legal, regulatory or tax expert and relied on the assessments
made by advisors to the Company with respect to such issues. J.P. Morgan further assumed that all material governmental, regulatory
or other consents and approvals necessary for the consummation of the Business Combination will be obtained without any adverse
effect on the Company or the Target Companies, individually or in the aggregate, or on the contemplated benefits of the Business
Combination. 

 114 

 In
rendering its opinion, J.P. Morgan made assumptions for purposes of evaluating the consideration, including, but not limited to,
the following assumptions: for all purposes of its opinion, J.P. Morgan assumed that the Company ordinary shares to be issued
as consideration in the Business Combination have a value equal to $10.00 per share; J.P. Morgan assumed that the Loan Contracts
may and will be settled by the Company in Company ordinary shares with principal amounts and interest computed based on the estimates
provided by the Company and that any cash interest paid in lieu thereof would not be material to J.P. Morgan's opinion;
upon the direction of management of the Company, J.P. Morgan relied on the estimates of the Company for the amounts required to
be paid by the Company for cash and equity earn-out payments to the NPS Selling Stockholders under the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement;
J.P. Morgan assumed increases to the consideration to be paid to the NPS Selling Stockholders if the Business Combination shall
have not been consummated by December 31, 2017 based on the estimates provided by the Company and upon the direction of management
of the Company, J.P. Morgan assumed there was no value to the GES founder payments, which J.P. Morgan was informed were already
included in the forecasts provided to J.P. Morgan. 

 J.P.
Morgan's opinion was necessarily based on economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made
available to J.P. Morgan as of, the respective date of such opinion. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, J.P. Morgan
did not consider any potential Forward Purchase Agreement into which NESR may enter into following the date of J.P. Morgan's
opinion. J.P. Morgan's opinion noted that subsequent developments may affect J.P. Morgan's opinion, and that J.P.
Morgan does not have any obligation to update, revise, or reaffirm such opinion. J.P. Morgan's opinion is limited to the
fairness, from a financial point of view, of the consideration to be paid by the Company in the proposed Business Combination,
and J.P. Morgan has expressed no opinion as to the fairness of the consideration to the holders of any class of securities, creditors
or other constituencies of the Company or as to the underlying decision by the Company to engage in the Business Combination.
Furthermore, J.P. Morgan expressed no opinion with respect to the amount or nature of any compensation to any officers, directors,
or employees of any party to the proposed Business Combination, or any class of such persons relative to the consideration to
be paid by the Company in the proposed Business Combination or with respect to the fairness of any such compensation. J.P. Morgan
expressed no opinion as to the price at which the Company's ordinary shares will trade at any future time. 

 The
terms of the Stock Purchase Agreements, including the exchange ratio, were determined through arm's length negotiations
between the Company, the Target Companies, the NPS Selling Stockholders, Hana Investments, the GES Selling Stockholders, SV3,
and NESR Holdings, and the decision to enter into the Stock Purchase Agreements on behalf of the Company was solely that of the
Company's Board of Directors. J.P. Morgan's opinion and financial analyses were only one of the many factors considered
by the Company's Board of Directors in its evaluation of the proposed Business Combination and should not be viewed as determinative
of the views of the Company's Board of Directors or management with respect to the proposed Business Combination or the
consideration to be paid by the Company. 

 115 

 In
accordance with customary investment banking practice, J.P. Morgan employed generally accepted valuation methodology in rendering
its opinion to the Company's Board of Directors on November 12, 2017 and contained in the presentation delivered to the
Company's board of directors on such date in connection with the rendering of such opinion and does not purport to be a
complete description of the analyses or data presented by J.P. Morgan. Some of the summaries of the financial analyses include
information presented in tabular format. The tables are not intended to stand alone, and in order to more fully understand the
financial analyses used by J.P. Morgan, the tables must be read together with the full text of each summary. Considering the data
set forth below without considering the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including the methodologies and
assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of J.P. Morgan's analyses. 

 For
purposes of J.P. Morgan's analysis, J.P. Morgan calculated an implied consideration amount for the Target Companies of $1,100
million if no earn-out payments are required to be paid and $1,134 million including the full amount of earn-out payments discounted
at a rate of 12.5%. We refer to these amounts as the implied purchase price. 

 Public
Trading Multiples . Using publicly available information, J.P. Morgan compared selected financial data of both Target Companies
with similar data for selected publicly traded companies engaged in businesses which J.P. Morgan judged to be analogous to the
Target Companies. The companies selected by J.P. Morgan were as follows: 

 &#9679; 
 Schlumberger
 Ltd. 

 &#9679; 
 Halliburton
 Company 

 &#9679; 
 Baker
 Hughes Inc. 

 &#9679; 
 Weatherford
 International Plc. 

 &#9679; 
 RPC
 Inc. 

 &#9679; 
 Superior
 Energy Services Inc. 

 &#9679; 
 NCS
 Multistage Holdings Inc. 

 These
companies were selected, among other reasons, because they share similar business characteristics with the Target Companies. However,
certain of these companies may have characteristics that are materially different from those of the Target Companies. The analysis
necessarily involved complex considerations and judgments concerning the differences in financial and operational characteristics
of the companies involved and other factors that could affect the selected companies differently than they would affect the Target
Companies. For each comparable company, publicly available financial performance through the twelve months ended December 31,
2018 and December 31, 2019 was measured. J.P. Morgan calculated the ratio of the "Firm Value" or "FV"
for each applicable company (which was calculated as the equity value of the applicable company's common shares on a fully
diluted basis, plus debt and minority interest, less cash), to the consensus equity research analyst estimate for the company's
EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation) for the calendar years 2018 and 2019, referred to as the 2018E FV/EBITDA
and the 2019E FV/EBITDA, respectively. 

 Based
on the results of this analysis, J.P. Morgan selected a multiple reference range for 2018E FV/EBITDA of 7.0x-8.0x and 2019E FV/EBITDA
of 5.5x-7.5x for the selected companies. After applying such ranges to the projected EBITDA of the Target Companies for the years
ending December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019 based on projections by the Company's management, the analysis indicated
the following implied consideration range for the Target Companies: 

 116 

 Low 
 High 
 
 2018E
 FV/EBITDA 
 $ 1,225 M 
 $ 1,400 M 
 
 2019E
 FV/EBITDA 
 $ 1,175 M 
 $ 1,600 M 

 Selected
Transaction Analysis . Using publicly available information, J.P. Morgan examined selected transactions with respect to
selected companies which J.P. Morgan judged to be analogous to the business of the Target Companies or aspects thereof. Using
publicly available estimates, J.P. Morgan reviewed the Firm Values implied by the selected transactions (each of which is listed
in the following table) as a multiple of the target companies' combined EBITDA for the twelve-month period immediately preceding
the announcement of the transaction (LTM EBITDA), as set forth below: 

 Target 
 
 Acquirer 
 
 Date 
 Announced 
 
 Deal
 value (USD in billions) 
 
 Firm
 Value/LTM EBITDA 

 Seventy
 Seven Energy, Inc. 
 
 Patterson-UTI,
 Inc. 
 
 Dec-2016 
 
 1.8 
 
 15.9 
 
 Nabors
 Industries Ltd. 
 
 C&J
 Energy Services, Inc. 
 
 Jun-2014 
 
 2.9 
 
 8.9 
 
 Aker
 Solutions (Well Intervention services business) 
 
 EQT 
 
 Nov-2013 
 
 0.7 
 
 8.8 
 
 Complete
 Production Services, Inc. 
 
 Superior
 Energy Services, Inc. 
 
 Oct-2011 
 
 3.6 
 
 5.8 
 
 Allis-Chalmers
 Energy Inc. 
 
 Seawell
 Limited 
 
 Feb-2011 
 
 0.9 
 
 9.5 
 
 Smith
 International, Inc. 
 
 Schlumberger
 Ltd. 
 
 Feb-2010 
 
 14.0 
 
 14.2 
 
 BJ
 Services Company 
 
 Baker
 Hughes, Inc. 
 
 Aug-2009 
 
 5.5 
 
 6.7 
 
 Grey
 Wolf Inc. 
 
 Precision
 Drilling Trust 
 
 Aug-2008 
 
 1.6 
 
 4.9 
 
 W-H
 Energy Services, Inc. 
 
 Smith
 International, Inc. 
 
 Jun-2008 
 
 3.2 
 
 9.8 

 Mean

 9.4x 
 
 Median

 8.9x 

 117 

 Based
on the results of this analysis and other factors that J.P. Morgan considered appropriate, J.P. Morgan applied a Firm Value/LTM
EBITDA multiple range of 5.0x-16.0x to the Target Companies' combined LTM EBITDA, and arrived at an implied consideration
range for the Target Companies of $750 million to $2,400 million. 

 Discounted
Cash Flow Analysis . J.P. Morgan conducted a discounted cash flow analysis for the purpose of determining the enterprise
value of the Target Companies. A discounted cash flow analysis is a method of evaluating an asset using estimates of the future
unlevered free cash flows generated by the asset and taking into consideration the time value of money with respect to those cash
flows by calculating their "present value." The "unlevered free cash flows" refers to a calculation of
the future cash flows generated by an asset without including in such calculation any debt servicing costs. Specifically, unlevered
free cash flow for this purpose represents EBITDA less taxes, capital expenditures, and changes in net working capital of the
combined Target Companies. "Present value" refers to the current value of the cash flows generated by the asset and
is obtained by discounting those cash flows back to the present using an appropriate discount rate. "Terminal value"
refers to the present value of all future cash flows generated by the asset for periods beyond the projections period. 

 J.P.
Morgan calculated the unlevered free cash flows that the combined Target Companies are expected to generate, during fiscal years
2017 through 2022, based upon financial projections prepared by the management of the Company (see "Certain Unaudited Internal
Financial Projections"), both excluding and including the Synergies. J.P. Morgan also calculated a range of terminal asset
values of the combined Target Companies as of December 31, 2022 by applying a perpetual growth rate ranging from 1.0% to 3.0%
to a terminal value estimate of the unlevered free cash flows to be generated by the combined Target Companies. The unlevered
free cash flows and the range of terminal asset values were then discounted to present values using a range of discount rates
from 11.5% to 13.5%, which were chosen by J.P. Morgan based upon an analysis of the weighted average cost of capital of the Target
Companies. 

 Based
on the foregoing, the analysis indicated the following implied consideration range for Target Companies: 

 Low 
 High 
 
 Excluding
 Synergies 
 $ 1,075 M 
 $ 1,550 M 
 
 Including
 Synergies 
 $ 1,175 M 
 $ 1,675 M 

 118 

 Miscellaneous .
 The foregoing summary of certain material financial analyses does not purport to be a complete description of the analyses
or data presented by J.P. Morgan. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible
to partial analysis or summary description. J.P. Morgan believes that the foregoing summary and its analyses must be considered
as a whole and that selecting portions of the foregoing summary and these analyses, without considering all of its analyses as
a whole, could create an incomplete view of the processes underlying the analyses and its opinion. As a result, the ranges of
valuations resulting from any particular analysis or combination of analyses described above were merely utilized to create points
of reference for analytical purposes and should not be taken to be the view of J.P. Morgan with respect to the actual value of
the Company or the Target Companies. The order of analyses described does not represent the relative importance or weight given
to those analyses by J.P. Morgan. In arriving at its opinion, J.P. Morgan did not attribute any particular weight to any analyses
or factors considered by it and did not form an opinion as to whether any individual analysis or factor (positive or negative),
considered in isolation, supported or failed to support its opinion. Rather, J.P. Morgan considered the totality of the factors
and analyses performed in determining its opinion. 

 Analyses
based upon forecasts of future results are inherently uncertain, as they are subject to numerous factors or events beyond the
control of the parties and their advisors. Accordingly, forecasts and analyses used or made by J.P. Morgan are not necessarily
indicative of actual future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by those analyses. Moreover,
J.P. Morgan's analyses are not and do not purport to be appraisals or otherwise reflective of the prices at which businesses
actually could be acquired or sold. None of the selected companies reviewed as described in the above summary is identical to
the Company or the Target Companies, and none of the selected transactions reviewed was identical to the Business Combination.
However, the companies selected were chosen because they have operations and businesses that, for purposes of J.P. Morgan's
analysis, may be considered similar to those of the Target Companies. The transactions selected were similarly chosen because
their participants, size and other factors, for purposes of J.P. Morgan's analysis, may be considered similar to the Business
Combination. The analyses necessarily involve complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and operational
characteristics of the companies involved and other factors that could affect the companies compared to the Company and the Target
Companies and the transactions compared to the Business Combination. 

 As
a part of its investment banking business, J.P. Morgan and its affiliates are continually engaged in the valuation of businesses
and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, investments for passive and control purposes, negotiated underwritings,
secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements, and valuations for corporate and other purposes.
J.P. Morgan was selected to deliver an opinion to the Company's Board of Directors with respect to the Business Combination
on the basis of, among other things, such experience and its qualifications and reputation in connection with such matters and
its familiarity with the Company, the Target Companies and the industries in which they operate. 

 For
services rendered in connection with the Business Combination J.P. Morgan will receive an opinion fee of $1,500,000 payable upon
the closing of the Business Combination. Additionally, J.P. Morgan may receive a discretionary fee of up to $500,000. As part
of the opinion fee payable, the Company has agreed to reimburse J.P. Morgan for certain of its expenses incurred in connection
with its services and will indemnify J.P. Morgan against certain liabilities arising out of J.P. Morgan's engagement. During
the two years preceding the date of J.P. Morgan's opinion, J.P. Morgan and its affiliates have not had any other material
financial advisory or other material commercial or investment banking relationships with the Company or the Target Companies.
J.P. Morgan and its affiliates hold, on a proprietary basis, less than 1% of the outstanding common stock of each of the Company
or the Target Companies. 

 119 

 In
the ordinary course of their businesses, J.P. Morgan and its affiliates may actively trade the debt and equity securities of the
Company or the Target Companies for their own accounts or for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, they may at any time
hold long or short positions in such securities. 

 Certain Unaudited Internal Financial Projections 

 Management of NESR
prepared prospective financial information to assist NESR's Board of Directors in evaluating the NPS and GES operations
and prospects and the potential acquisitions and to J.P. Morgan to be used for purposes of its financial analyses in connection
with its written opinion. The accompanying summary unaudited internal financial projections of NPS and GES were not prepared with
a view toward public disclosure or with a view toward complying with the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants with respect to prospective financial information. In the view of the management of NESR, NPS and GES, the
financial projections were prepared on a reasonable basis, reflected the best currently available estimates and judgments of NPS
and GES, as applicable, and presented, to the best of their knowledge and belief, the expected course of action and the expected
future financial performance of NPS and GES, respectively. However, the financial projections are not fact. Additionally, not all of the prospective financial information prepared by NESR's management and included
below were used by NESR's Board of Directors in evaluating the Target Companies. Further, none of the
unaudited internal financial projections reflect any impact of the proposed transaction and have not been updated since the date
of preparation. 

 None of NESR's,
NPS's or GES's independent auditors, nor any other independent auditors, nor any of their financial advisors, have
compiled, examined or performed any procedures with respect to the unaudited internal financial projections contained herein,
nor have they expressed any opinion or any other form of assurance on such information or its achievability, and assume no responsibility
for the financial projections. The reports of the independent registered public accounting firms included in this proxy statement
or incorporated by reference relate to the historical financial information of NESR, NPS and GES, respectively. Such reports do
not extend to the unaudited financial projections and should not be read to do so. 

 The unaudited financial
projections set forth below were prepared by NESR's management based on information available to them, in particular with
respect to each of the Target Companies. The unaudited financial projections were prepared based on reviews of financial information
about GES and NPS provided to NESR during due diligence and negotiations. These documents included market analysis, projections
for the various regions and product lines, growth plans and market share estimates for large service companies and smaller service
providers and all were prepared by GES, NPS and NESR. These included extensive discussions between NESR's management with
each of GES's management and stockholders and NPS's management and stockholders, and NESR's management's
knowledge of the industries in which the companies operate. In connection with the negotiation of the definitive agreements providing
for the transaction and prior to the preparation of the unaudited financial projections, NESR negotiated with the NPS Selling
Stockholders certain EBITDA-based earnouts, which were based in part on preliminary projections for the performance of NPS. 

 In developing
the unaudited financial projections set forth below, NESR, NPS and GES assumed crude oil and natural gas prices remained
consistent with current levels and that activity levels in operating areas for NPS and GES would continue to grow even in a
cyclic crude oil price environment. The projections included growth in the overall market for similar services provided by
NPS and GES of 4%, market share and pricing for 2017 2019 were projected to remain constant and synergies were
projected to be achieved as discussed in Projected Synergies. Overall cumulatively for the combined companies for the period
of 2017 to 2022, revenue Compound Annual Growth Rate ("CAGR") for Production Services segment was projected to be
13.8% and for Drilling & Evaluation Services was projected to be 15% for a total CAGR of 14.2%. 

 Year Ending December 31, 
 
 Revenue by Segment for NPS and GES combined 
 2017E 
 2018E 
 2019E 
 2020E 
 2021E 
 2022E 

 ($ in millions) 
 
 Drilling & Evaluation Services 
 $ 152 
 $ 203 
 $ 228 
 $ 257 
 $ 279 
 $ 306 
 
 Production Services 
 $ 289 
 $ 309 
 $ 393 
 $ 452 
 $ 504 
 $ 551 
 
 Total 
 441 
 512 
 621 
 709 
 783 
 857 

 The unaudited internal
financial projections were prepared solely for internal use to assist in the evaluation of the business combination. Such projections
are inherently subjective in nature, though considered reasonable by the management of NESR, NPS and GES, as of the date such
projections were prepared, and are susceptible to interpretation and, accordingly, contemplated results may not be achieved. While
presented with numerical specificity, the unaudited internal financial projections reflect numerous estimates and assumptions
with respect to future industry performance under various industry scenarios as well as assumptions for competition, general business,
economic, market and financial conditions and matters specific to the businesses of NESR, NPS and GES, all of which are difficult
to predict and many of which are beyond the preparing parties' control including, among other things, the matters described
in the sections entitled "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" and "Risk Factors." Accordingly,
there can be no assurance that the assumptions made in preparing any particular projection will prove accurate. There will be
differences between actual and forecasted results, and the differences may be material. The risk that these uncertainties and
contingencies could cause the assumptions to fail to be reflective of actual results is further increased due to the length of
time over which these assumptions apply. While the NESR Board of Directors used the following projections as a tool in evaluating
the Business Combination, they did so with a thorough understanding of the foregoing limitations. In light of the foregoing factors
and the uncertainties inherent in the unaudited internal financial projections, the NESR shareholders are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on the unaudited internal financial projections and the inclusion of the unaudited internal financial projections
in this proxy statement should not be regarded as a representation by any person that the results contained therein will be achieved. 

 The unaudited internal
financial projections are not included in this proxy statement in order to induce any NESR shareholders to vote in favor of any
of the proposals at the NESR special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. 

 Certain of the measures
included in the unaudited internal financial projections are non-GAAP financial measures, as noted below. Non-GAAP financial measures
should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in compliance with GAAP, and
non-GAAP financial measures as used by NESR, NPS and GES are not reported by all of their competitors and may not be comparable
to similarly titled amounts used by other companies. We encourage you to review the financial statements of NPS and GES included
in this proxy statement, as well as the financial information in the sections entitled "Selected Historical Financial Information
of NPS," "Selected Historical Financial Information of GES" and "Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated
Combined Financial Information" in this proxy statement and to not rely on any single financial measure. 

 Except as required
by federal securities laws, NPS and GES do not intend to update or otherwise revise the unaudited internal financial projections
to reflect circumstances existing after the date they were made or to reflect the occurrence of future events, even in the event
that any or all of the assumptions underlying such unaudited financial projections are no longer appropriate. 

 NPS Projections 

 Year Ending December 31, 

 2017E 
 2018E 
 2019E 
 2020E 
 2021E 
 2022E 

 ($ in millions) 
 
 Revenue 
 $ 246 
 $ 290 
 $ 340 
 $ 391 
 $ 424 
 $ 448 
 
 EBITDA(1) 
 $ 84 
 $ 100 
 $ 119 
 $ 137 
 $ 147 
 $ 153 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 $ 39 
 $ 33 
 $ 35 
 $ 35 
 $ 35 
 $ 35 
 
 Unlevered Free Cash Flow (2) 
 $ 16 
 $ 34 
 $ 50 
 $ 73 
 $ 86 
 $ 105 

 (1) 
 NPS defines EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest expense,
 income taxes and depreciation and amortization. See "Selected Historical Financial Information of NPS" and "Non-GAAP
 Financial Measures." 

 (2) 
 Unlevered Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP financial measure
 and should not be considered as an alternative to operating income or net income as a measure of operating performance or
 cash flows or as a measure of liquidity. Unlevered free cash flow, as defined above, is defined as EBITDA (as defined above)
 less income tax, less (increase) decrease in net working capital and less capital expenditure. 

 Reconciliation of Unleavered Free Cash
 Flow 
 2017E 
 2018E 
 2019E 
 2020E 
 2021E 
 2022E 

 ($ in
 millions) 
 
 EBITDA 
 $ 84 
 $ 100 
 $ 119 
 $ 137 
 $ 147 
 $ 153 
 
 Taxes 
 $ (6 ) 
 $ (8 ) 
 $ (11 ) 
 $ (13 ) 
 $ (15 ) 
 $ (16 ) 
 
 Capex 
 $ (39 ) 
 $ (33 ) 
 $ (35 ) 
 $ (35 ) 
 $ (35 ) 
 $ (35 ) 
 
 Change in Working Capital 
 $ (23 ) 
 $ (25 ) 
 $ (23 ) 
 $ (16 ) 
 $ (11 ) 
 $ 3 
 
 Unlevered Free Cash Flow 
 $ 16 
 $ 34 
 $ 50 
 $ 73 
 $ 86 
 $ 105 

 GES Projections 

 Year Ending December 31, 

 2017E 
 2018E 
 2019E 
 2020E 
 2021E 
 2022E 

 ($ in millions) 
 
 Revenue 
 $ 195 
 $ 222 
 $ 281 
 $ 318 
 $ 359 
 $ 409 
 
 EBITDA(1) 
 $ 71 
 $ 74 
 $ 95 
 $ 108 
 $ 122 
 $ 138 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 $ 13 
 $ 40 
 $ 25 
 $ 25 
 $ 25 
 $ 25 
 
 Unlevered Free Cash Flow (2) 
 $ 69 
 $ 18 
 $ 40 
 $ 60 
 $ 72 
 $ 82 

 (1) 
 GES
 defines EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. See "Selected
 Historical Financial Information of GES" and "Non-GAAP Financial Measures." 

 (2) 
 
 Unlevered
 Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP financial measure and should not be considered as an alternative to operating income or net income
 as a measure of operating performance or cash flows or as a measure of liquidity. Unlevered free cash flow, as defined above,
 is defined as EBITDA (as defined above) less income tax, less (increase) decrease in net working capital and less capital
 expenditure. 

 Reconciliation of Unleavered Free Cash
 Flow 
 2017E 
 2018E 
 2019E 
 2020E 
 2021E 
 2022E 

 ($ in
 millions) 
 
 EBITDA 
 $ 71 
 $ 74 
 $ 95 
 $ 108 
 $ 122 
 $ 138 
 
 Taxes 
 $ (6 ) 
 $ (6 ) 
 $ (9 ) 
 $ (10 ) 
 $ (11 ) 
 $ (13 ) 
 
 Capex 
 $ (13 ) 
 $ (40 ) 
 $ (25 ) 
 $ (25 ) 
 $ (25 ) 
 $ (25 ) 
 
 Change in Working Capital 
 $ 17 
 $ (10 ) 
 $ (21 ) 
 $ (13 ) 
 $ (14 ) 
 $ (18 ) 
 
 Unlevered Free Cash Flow 
 $ 69 
 $ 18 
 $ 40 
 $ 60 
 $ 72 
 82 

 Projected Synergies 

 The expected cost
savings and synergies include NESR's estimates of spare equipment available for deployment and incremental activity that
NESR believes they can bring to the Target Companies by utilizing existing equipment as well as additional investments in new
technology and tools to generate incremental revenue, EBITDA and net income. The expected synergies also include the cross-utilization
of services and equipment from one Target Company to the other Target Company rather than utilizing services of a third party.
The cost savings also include savings from integrating the two organizations under one company resulting from efficiencies in
information systems, support functions, supply chain and other infrastructure restructuring. These synergies and cost savings
were net of additional costs incurred by NESR to meet its more complex reporting and internal control requirements as a public
company. For the period 2018-2022, EBITDA synergies are estimated to be $25 million, $33 million, $53 million. $79 million, $95
million and $97 million for each consecutive twelve (12) month period after Business Combination. These EBITDA synergies are not
reflected in the projections provided above. 

 120 

 Certain
Benefits of NESR's Directors and Officers and Others in the Business Combination 

 In
considering the recommendation of our Board of Directors to vote in favor of the Business Combination, shareholders should be
aware that, aside from their interests as shareholders, our Sponsor and certain of our directors and officers have interests in
the Business Combination that are different from, or in addition to, those of other shareholders generally. Our directors were
aware of and considered these interests, among other matters, in evaluating the Business Combination, and in recommending to shareholders
that they approve the Business Combination. Shareholders should take these interests into account in deciding whether to approve
the Business Combination. These interests include, among other things: 

 &#9679; 
 the
 fact that our Sponsor and our officers and directors paid an aggregate of approximately $6.3 million for their Founder Shares
 and private warrants and such securities should have a significantly higher value at the time of the Business Combination.
 However, the private warrants will expire worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. As a result, our
 Sponsor (and its members, including our executive officers and directors) have a financial incentive to see the Business Combination
 consummated rather than lose whatever value is gained on the Founder Shares, as well as any value attributable to the private
 warrants; 

 &#9679; 
 In
 connection with our Sponsor's purchase of 11.7% of the GES shares, an affiliate of Mr. Thomas Wood invested $500,000
 and Mr. Antonio Campo invested $1,200,000 to fund a portion of the purchase price for such GES shares pursuant to certain
 Loan Contracts and accordingly, the Sponsor, along with Messrs. Wood and Campo, will not have any public market in which to
 sell their investment in GES if the Closing does not occur, although, pursuant to the Loan Contracts, repayment of the investments
 may be made in cash at the election of our Sponsor; 

 &#9679; 
 if
 NESR is unable to complete a Business Combination by May 17, 2019, our Sponsor will be liable to ensure that the proceeds
 in the trust account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed
 money by NESR for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to NESR, but only if such vendor or target business
 has not executed a waiver of claims against the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter
 in our IPO. To date, each of NESR's vendors has agreed that it will not have any right, title, interest or claim of
 any kind in or to any monies in our trust account, and will not make any claim against our trust account (including any distributions
 therefrom); and 

 &#9679; 
 the
 continued indemnification of current directors and officers of the Company and the continuation of directors' and officers'
 liability insurance after the Business Combination. 

 121 

 Potential
Purchases of Public Shares 

 In
connection with the shareholder vote to approve the Business Combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, or advisors or their
respective affiliates may privately negotiate transactions to purchase shares from shareholders who would have otherwise elected
to have their shares redeemed in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules for a per share pro rata portion
of our Trust Account. None of our directors, officers or advisors or their respective affiliates will make any such purchases
when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or during a restricted period under
Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase would include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although
still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption
rights and would include a contractual provision that directs such shareholder to vote such shares in a manner directed by the
purchaser. In the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers or advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated
transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders
would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. Any such privately negotiated purchases may be affected
at purchase prices that are in excess of the per share pro rata portion of our Trust Account. 

 The
purpose of such purchases would be to increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the Business Combination or,
where the purchases are made by our Sponsor, directors, officers or advisors or their respective affiliates, to satisfy a closing
condition in an agreement related to the Business Combination. 

 As
of the date of this proxy statement, no agreements with respect to the private purchase of public shares by the Company or the
persons described above have been entered into with any such investor or holder. We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K or
other required forms with the SEC to disclose private arrangements entered into or significant private purchases made by any of
the aforementioned persons that would affect the vote on the Business Combination Proposal or other proposals. 

 Satisfaction
of the 80% Test 

 It
is a requirement under our Charter and NASDAQ listing requirements that the business or assets acquired in our Initial Business
Combination must have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the Trust Account (excluding the
deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the execution of
definitive agreements for the applicable Business Combination. 

 The
balance of the funds in the Trust Account as of April 30, 2018 was $231,553,535.80 (including $7,025,095 of the
cash portion of the deferred underwriting commissions) and 80% thereof represents $185,242,828.6. In reaching its conclusion
that the Business Combination satisfied the 80% asset test, the Board of Directors looked at the enterprise value of NPS and GES
of approximately $870 million calculated by adding: (i) approximately $557 million of equity consideration in the post-combination
company to be issued with adjustments for Closing debt and transaction expense and not including any equity earn-outs; (ii) approximately
$313 million of cash consideration payable to the NPS Selling Stockholders at the closing of the Business Combination and the
assumption of Closing indebtedness and no disbursement of cash earn-outs. In determining whether the enterprise value described
above represents the fair market value of NPS and GES, our Board of Directors considered all of the factors described above in
this section and the fact that the purchase price for NPS and GES was the result of an arm's length negotiation with the
NPS Selling Stockholders and the GES Selling Stockholders and that SV3 had conducted an evaluation of GES and initiated negotiations
to purchase a minority share in GES before being introduced to NESR. As a result, our Board of Directors concluded that the fair
market value of the businesses acquired was significantly in excess of 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account. In light of
the financial background and experience of the members of our management team and the Board of Directors, our Board of Directors
believes that the members of our management team and the Board of Directors are qualified to determine whether the Business Combination
satisfies the 80% asset test. Our Board of Directors did not seek or obtain an opinion of an outside fairness or valuation advisor
as to whether the 80% asset test has been satisfied. 

 122 

 Total
NESR Ordinary Shares to be Issued in the Business Combination 

 It
is anticipated that, upon completion of the Business Combination, the ownership of NESR will be as follows: 

 &#9679; 
 the
 public shareholders who purchased ordinary shares in our IPO (other than the private investors) will own 22,921,700 of our
 ordinary shares representing a 23.8% economic and voting interest; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 GES Selling Stockholders will own 18,484,848 of our ordinary shares, representing a 19.2% economic and voting interest; 

 &#9679; 
 Hana
 Investments, which purchased NPS shares for $150 million, will own 13,758,489 of our
 ordinary Shares (13,340,448 shares plus accrued interest of 418,001 shares), representing
 a 14.3% economic and voting interest, assuming NESR pays the maximum amount of interest
 in ordinary shares instead of cash; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 NPS Selling Stockholders will own 11,318,827 of our ordinary shares, representing a 11.8% economic and voting interest; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 Backstop Investor will own an additional 14,114,906 of our ordinary shares, representing an 14.7% economic and voting interest,
 if the full amount of the facility of $150 million is drawn by the Company; 

 &#9679; 
 SV3
 will own 6,825,000 of our ordinary shares, representing a 7.1% economic and voting interest; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 Sponsor will own 5,730,425 of our ordinary shares, representing a 6% economic and voting
 interest; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 GES Investors will own 2,925,000 of our ordinary shares, representing a 3% economic and voting interest; and 

 &#9679; 
 the
 underwriters with respect to our IPO (NBF and Maxim Group LLC) will own 200,717 of our ordinary shares (if no redemptions
 occur from the funds raised by the underwriters) representing a 0.2% economic and voting interest; 

 The
number of shares and the economic and voting interests set forth above assume that, (i) no public shareholders elect to have their
ordinary shares redeemed, (ii) NESR elects to exercise the full $150 million in funding from the Backstop Investor, (iii) none
of the foregoing investors purchase ordinary shares in the open market and (iv) there are no other issuances of equity interests
of NESR. 

 As
a result of the Business Combination, and reflecting the above assumptions, the voting interest of our public shareholders will
decrease from 80% to 23.8%. In case of any redemptions from the public shareholders, economic and voting interests of the public
shareholders will decrease, and the economic and voting interests of the remaining private investors will increase, accordingly.
Please see the section entitled "Summary of the Proxy Statement--Impact of the Business Combination on NESR's
Public Float" and "Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Combined Financial Statements" for further information. 

 123 

 The
ownership percentages with respect to NESR following the Business Combination do not take into account warrants to purchase ordinary
shares that will remain outstanding immediately following the Business Combination. If actual facts differ from these assumptions,
the percentage ownership retained by NESR's existing shareholders following the Business Combination will be different.
For example, if we assume that all of the outstanding public warrants (22,921,700) and all of the outstanding private placement
warrants (12,618,680) were exercisable and exercised following completion of the Business Combination, then the ownership of NESR
would be as follows: 

 &#9679; 
 the
 public shareholders (other than the private investors) will own 35,540,380 of our ordinary shares representing a 30% economic
 and voting interest; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 GES Selling Stockholders will own 18,484,848 of our ordinary shares, representing a 16.2% economic and voting interest; 

 &#9679; 
 Hana
 Investments, which purchased NPS shares for $150 million, will own 13,758,489 of our
 ordinary shares (13,340,448 shares plus accrued interest of 418,001 shares), representing
 a 12.1% economic and voting interest, assuming NESR pays the maximum amount of interest
 in ordinary shares instead of cash; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 NPS Selling Stockholders will own 11,318,827 of our ordinary shares, representing a 9.9% economic and voting interest; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 Backstop Investor will own a maximum of 14,114,906 of our ordinary shares, representing an 12.3% economic and voting interest,
 if the subsequent $80 million investment is elected by the Company; 

 &#9679; 
 SV3
 will own 6,825,000 of our ordinary Shares, representing a 6% economic and voting interest; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 Sponsor will own 12,039,340 shares of our ordinary shares, representing a 10.6% economic and voting interest; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 GES Investors will own 2,925,000 of our ordinary shares, representing a 2.6% economic
 and voting interest; and 

 &#9679; 
 Underwriters
 with respect to our IPO (NBF and Maxim Group LLC) will own 200,717 ordinary shares (if no redemptions occur from the funds
 raised by the underwriters) representing a 0.2% economic and voting interest; 

 124 

 The
public warrants and private placement warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of an initial
Business Combination and twelve months following the closing of the IPO and will expire five years after the completion of the
Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

 You
should read "Summary of the Proxy Statement--Impact of the Business Combination on NESR's Public Float"
and "Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Combined Financial Statements" for further information. 

 Sources
and Uses for the Business Combination 

 The
following table summarizes the sources and uses for funding the Business Combination assuming 0% redemptions and $231,553,535.80
of cash in our trust account as of April 30, 2018. 

 Sources
 of Funds 

 Uses 

 (in
 millions) 

 Existing
 cash in Trust Account (1) 
 
 $ 
 231.6 

 Cash
 Consideration 
 
 $ 
 292.8 

 GES
 Contributors' equity retained (2) 
 
 $ 
 282.3 

 Hana
 Investments 

 150.0 

 NPS
 Contributors' equity retained 
 
 $ 
 113.2 

 GES
 Contributors' equity retained 
 
 $ 
 282.3 

 Hana
 Investments 
 
 $ 
 150.0 

 NPS
 Contributors' equity retained 
 
 $ 
 113.2 

 Backstop
 Investor (3) 
 
 $ 
 150.0 

 Ticker
 Fee + Loan Contracts Interest (4) 
 
 $ 
 12.5 

 Cash
 to balance sheet (5) 
 
 $ 
 76.3 

 Total
 Sources 
 
 $ 
 927.1 

 Total
 Uses 
 
 $ 
 927.1 

 (1) 
 This
 includes approximately $7.0 million in deferred cash underwriting commissions to the underwriters of our IPO. This amount
 is the maximum amount payable and assumes that there are no redemptions by our public shareholders. This amount also excludes
 a fee of $1.5 million payable to J.P. Morgan for providing its Fairness Opinion. 
 
 (2) 
 Reflects
 (a) the GES Selling Stockholders contributing equity of $184.8 million (b) SV3 contributing equity of $68.25 million, and
 (c) GES Investors contributing equity of $29.3 million. 
 
 (3) 
 NESR
 exercises the full $150 million facility as part of the Forward Purchase Agreement. 
 
 (4) 
 Ticker
 Fee is estimated to be $11.2 million assuming the NPS Selling Stockholders provide an
 8 week waiver and the Business Combination consummates by May 15, 2018; The
 Loan Contracts interest is estimated to be $1.25 million for interest accrued to the
 GES Investors. 

 (5) 
 Cash
 on NESR's balance sheet at closing may decrease if NESR elects to not exercise
 or only exercises part of the additional $80 million committed by the Backstop Investor
 assuming there are no redemptions from the public shareholders. 

 125 

 The
following table summarizes the sources and uses for funding the Business Combination assuming maximum redemptions (or 6,905,839
shares) and $231,553,535.80 of cash in our trust account as of April 30, 2018: 

 Sources
 of Funds 

 Uses 

 (in
 millions) 

 Existing
 cash in Trust Account (1) 
 
 $ 
 161.8 

 Cash
 Consideration 
 
 $ 
 292.8 

 GES
 Contributors' equity retained (2) 
 
 $ 
 282.3 

 Hana
 Investments 

 150.0 

 NPS
 Contributors' equity retained 
 
 $ 
 113.2 

 GES
 Contributors' equity retained 
 
 $ 
 282.3 

 Hana
 Investments 
 
 $ 
 150.0 

 NPS
 Contributors' equity retained 
 
 $ 
 113.2 

 Backstop
 Investor (3) 
 
 $ 
 150.0 

 Ticker
 Fee + Loan Contracts Interest (4) 
 
 $ 
 12.5 

 Cash
 to balance sheet (5) 
 
 $ 
 6.5 

 Total
 Sources 

 857.3 

 Total
 Uses 
 
 $ 
 857.3 

 (1) 
 This
 includes approximately $7.0 million in deferred cash underwriting commissions to the underwriters of our IPO. This amount
 is the maximum amount payable assuming that there are 6,905,839 shares redeemed by our public shareholders. This amount also
 excludes a fee of $1.5 million payable to J.P. Morgan for providing its Fairness Opinion. 
 
 (2) 
 Reflects
 (a) the GES Selling Stockholders contributing equity of $184.8 million (b) SV3 contributing equity of $68.25 million, and
 (c) GES Investors contributing equity of $29.3 million. 
 
 (3) 
 NESR
 exercises the full $150 million facility as part of the Forward Purchase Agreement. 
 
 (4) 
 Ticker
 Fee is estimated to be $11.2 million assuming the NPS Selling Stockholders provide an
 8 week waiver and the Business Combination consummates by May 15, 2018; The Loan Contracts
 interest is estimated to be $1.25 million for interest accrued to the GES Investors. 

 (5) 
 Cash
 on NESR's balance sheet at closing may decrease if NESR elects to not exercise or only exercises part of the additional
 $80 million committed by the Backstop Investor depending on the actual level of redemptions from the public shareholders. 

 126 

 Officers
and Board of Directors of NESR Following the Business Combination 

 The
Board of Directors of the Company has consisted of four Directors at the time of the Company's IPO. For purposes of Section
9.1 of our Charter, the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting is serving as NESR's first annual general meeting of
shareholders at which its Class I directors are standing for election. The NESR board has nominated two (2) existing Class I directors,
Antonio J. Campo Mejia, and Hala Zeibak, for election at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. Additionally, pursuant
to NESR's Charter, the Board of Directors has the authority to expand the size of the Board of Directors and elect new Directors
to fill the newly-created Board seats. In accordance with this authority, the Board of Directors expects to expand the size of
the Board of Directors to nine members with staggered two year terms. If both director nominees are elected and the Business Combination
is consummated, our post-closing Board of Directors will consist of four (4) existing NESR directors, Sherif Foda, Thomas Wood,
Antonio J. Campo Mejia, and Hala Zeibak, two nominated by NPS Selling Stockholders, Salim Al Noaimi and Adnan Ghabris, two
nominated by GES Selling Stockholders, Yasser Al Barami and Hilal Al Busaidy and one nominated by SV3, Andrew L. Waite. 

 Accordingly,
our post-closing Board of Directors will consist of four directors (Antonio J. Campo Mejia, Hala Zeibak, Salem Al Noaimi
and Andrew Waite) who shall serve as Class I directors, and five directors (Sherif Foda, Thomas Wood, Hilal Al Busaidy,
Yasser Al Barami and Adnan Ghabris) who shall serve as Class II directors. 

 Class
I Director seats will be up for election by shareholders at the 2020 annual meeting of NESR; the Class II Director seats will
be up for election by shareholders at the 2019 annual meeting of NESR. 

 Name 
 Age 
 Class 
 Position 

 Sherif
 Foda 
 48 
 II 
 Executive
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Thomas
 Wood 
 60 
 II 
 Director 
 
 Antonio
 J Campo Mejia 
 60 
 I 
 Director 
 
 Hala
 Zeibak 
 36 
 I 
 Director 
 
 Salem
 Al Noaimi 1 
 42 
 I 
 Director 
 
 Hilal
 Al Busaidy 2 
 44 
 II 
 Director 
 
 Yasser
 Al Barami 2 
 46 
 II 
 Director 
 
 Andrew
 Waite 3 
 57 
 I 
 Director 
 
 Adnan
 Ghabris 
 56 
 II 
 Director 

 (1)
 Following the completion of the Business Combination, two Selling Stockholders of NPS (WAHA and ANI) separately and
collectively will be entitled to nominate one director each (two in total) to our Board of Directors, for so long as they or their
affiliates hold at least 50% of the NESR Shares at closing set out against the name of Castle SPC Limited and Al-Nowais Investments
respectively in the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement pursuant to their respective Relationship Agreements. The NPS appointing party
shall have the right to remove any such nominee and nominate another person in his place during his/her term. 

 (2)
 These are the initial nominees of the GES Selling Stockholders, which will be entitled to nominate two directors to our
Board of Directors. 

 (3)
 This is the initial nominee of SV3. Following the completion of the Business Combination SV3 will be entitled to nominate
one director to our Board of Directors, for so long as they or their affiliates hold at least 60% of the NESR ordinary shares
at closing set out against the name of SV3 in the SV3 Contribution Agreement and pursuant to the respective SV3 Voting Agreements.
Mr. Waite shall be the principal director and he shall appoint Ms. Theresa Eaton to serve as his alternate, whereby
Ms. Eaton shall be entitled to attend meetings in the absence of Mr. Waite and to vote or consent in place of Mr. Waite until
such appointment as alternate lapses or is terminated. 

 127 

 Sherif
Foda has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman since our inception. He has more than 24 years of professional
experience in the oil and gas industry working for Schlumberger Limited (NYSE: SLB) ("Schlumberger") around the world,
particularly in the Middle East, Europe and the U.S. From June 2016 to January 2018, he served as Senior Advisor to the Chairman
of Schlumberger. From July 2013 through June 2016, he served as an officer and the President of the Production Group of Schlumberger.
From June 2011 to June 2013, he served as the President of Schlumberger Europe and Africa. From June 2009 to June 2011, he served
as Schlumberger's Vice President and Managing Director of the Arabian market: Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Bahrain. From July
2007 to May 2009, he served as Schlumberger's Worldwide Vice President for Well Intervention. From 2005 to 2007, he was
Schlumberger's Vice President for Europe, Caspian and Africa. From 2002 to 2005, he served as the Managing Director of Schlumberger
in Oman. In 2001, he served as Schlumberger's Operations Manager for UAE, Qatar, Yemen and the Arabian Gulf. He started
his career in 1993 with Schlumberger, working on the offshore fields in the Red Sea, then transferred to Germany for two years,
then served as the general manager of operations in Eastern Europe countries (mainly Poland, Lithuania, Romania and Hungary).
Prior to working in the oil and gas industry, he worked in the information technology and computer industry for two years in Egypt.
He graduated in 1991 from Ain Shams University in Cairo, Faculty of Engineering, and he holds a BSc double major in Electronics
and Automatic control. Sherif is a board member of Energy Recovery, Inc. (NASDAQ: ERII), a technology company based in California.
Also, he serves on the board of Trustees of Awty International School in Houston, and is a board member for Al Fanar Venture philanthropy
in London. 

 We
believe that Mr. Foda is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive experience in the oil and gas industry
including approximately 24 years with Schlumberger and his extensive oil field services industry experience throughout the MENA
region and globally and as an executive and board member. 

 Thomas
Wood has served as a director since our inception and as our Chief Financial Officer from our inception until October
2017 and from November 29, 2017 until present. He is an entrepreneur with over 35 years of experience in establishing and growing
public and private companies that provide or use oil and gas contract drilling services. Since December 1990, he has served as
the Chief Executive Officer of Round Up Resource Service Inc., a private investment company. Mr. Wood founded Xtreme Drilling
Corp. (TSX:XDC), an onshore drilling and coil tubing technology company, in May 2005 and served as its Executive Chairman until
May 2011 and its Chief Executive Officer and Director from May 2011 through August 2016. He is the founder of Savanna Energy Services
Corp. (TSE: SVY), a North American energy services provider, where he served as the Chairman from 2001 to March 2005. He has also
served as Director at various companies engaged in the exploration and production of junior oil and gas, including Wrangler West
Energy Corp. from April 2001 to 2014; New Syrus Capital Corporation from 1998 to 2001 and Player Petroleum Corporation from 1997
to 2001. In addition, Mr. Wood served as the President, Drilling and Wellbore Service, of Plains Energy Services Ltd. from 1997
to 2000 and Wrangler Pressure Control from 1998 to 2001. He served as the President of Round-Up Well Servicing Inc. from 1988
to 1997 and Vice President of Shelby Drilling from 1981 to 1987. Mr. Wood holds a BA in Economics from University of Calgary. 

 We
believe that Mr. Wood is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive experience in the oil and gas industry,
his experience as an entrepreneur and building public companies and high growth organizations. 

 128 

 Antonio
J. Campo Mejia , an independent director since May 12, 2017, has been a non-executive director of the Supervisory Board
of Fugro N.V. (Euronext: FUR), a company providing geotechnical, survey, subsea and geosciences services, since 2014 and Vice-Chairman
of Basin Holdings, a global holding company focused on providing products and services to energy and industrial customers since
2012. From 2012 to 2013, Mr. Campo Mejia served as non-executive director at Integra Group, an oilfield services company mainly
active in Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States, and served as its Chief Executive Officer from 2009 to 2012. Mr.
Campo Mejia also served as non-executive director at Basin Supply LP, Basin Tools LP and Basin Energy Services LP from 2009 to
2014. Prior to that, Mr. Campo Mejia spent 28 years of his professional career at Schlumberger, the world's leading oilfield
services company, in a multitude of senior management positions in different parts of the world. Mr. Campo Mejia served as the
President of Latin America for Oilfield Services of Schlumberger from 2006 to 2008. Mr. Campo Mejia served as President of Europe
& Africa, Schlumberger Oilfield Services from 2003 to 2006. From 2000 to 2006, he was the President of Schlumberger's
Integrated Project Management business responsible for the worldwide operations in this service line. From 1999 to 2000, Mr. Campo
Mejia served as Director of Personnel for the Reservoir Management Group in Houston, Texas. From 1997 to 1999, he was the Vice
President of Oilfield Services Latin America South managing a full range of services in the region. In his career prior to 1997,
Mr. Campo Mejia held a number of senior management and technical positions in Schlumberger's wireline business. Mr. Campo
Mejia received his bachelor's degree in Electronic Engineering from Pontificia Universidad Javeriana in 1980. 

 We
believe that Mr. Campo Mejia is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive experience in the oil and
gas industry and his experience as an executive in oilfield services and board member of multinational companies. 

 Hala
Zeibak , who has been an independent director since May 12, 2017, is director of investments at Olayan Europe Limited,
the investment advisory arm of The Olayan Group for the United Kingdom, Europe and Asia. The Olayan Group is a private multinational
enterprise with a managed portfolio of international investments and diverse commercial and industrial operations in the Middle
East. Ms. Zeibak joined The Olayan Group in July 2005, and initially worked at Olayan America in New York. She transferred to
Olayan Europe in London in January 2011. Ms. Zeibak's focus is on public and private equity investments primarily in the
energy and affiliated sectors, including oil, gas, power, commodities and industrials. She is a member of the Oxford Energy Policy
Club. Ms. Zeibak received a BA in Economics from Tufts University in 2003, graduating Summa Cum Laude with membership in the Phi
Beta Kappa Society. She went on to earn a master's degree in 2005 from the Fletcher School of Law & Diplomacy at Tufts.
Her concentration was international finance and trade. 

 We
believe that Ms. Zeibak is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of her extensive experience in the investment
community and with diverse industries and multinational operations including MENA. 

 Salem
Al Noaimi is Waha Capital's Chairman of the Board. Mr. Al Noaimi served as Waha Capital's Chief Executive Officer
& Managing Director from 2009 until March 2018 and led the company's strategic transformation into a leading investment
company, managing proprietary and third-party assets. Previously, he served as the Deputy CEO of Waha Capital and CEO of Waha
Leasing. Additionally, Mr. Al Noaimi holds a number of board positions with large public and private companies. He is Chairman
of Seha, Dunia Finance and Anglo Arabian Healthcare. He also a board member of New York-listed AerCap Holdings. Earlier in his
career, Mr. Al Noaimi held various positions at Dubai Islamic Bank, the UAE Central Bank, the Abu Dhabi Fund for Development,
and Kraft Foods. Mr. Al Noaimi is a UAE national and holds a degree in Finance and International Business from Northeastern University
in Boston, USA. 

 We
believe that Mr. Noaimi is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive experience in investing in the
MENA region as well as experience as a Chief Executive Officer of a publicly listed company. 

 129 

 Hilal
Al Busaidy has more than 23 years of professional experience in the oil and gas industry. Mr. Al Busaidy is a
 co-founder of GES and served as GES's Chief Executive Officer since it was founded in 2006. Prior to co-founding GES,
Mr. Al Busaidy spent nearly 10 years at Schlumberger Limited (NYSE: SLB) ("Schlumberger") around the Middle East in
several positions in sales, operational and technical management. During his time with Schlumberger, Mr. Al Busaidy spent a considerable
amount of time in Oman in field operations delivering wireline services and subsequently managed large operations in Saudi Arabia,
Kuwait and Oman where he was responsible for all of Schlumberger's oilfield services operations in South Oman. He graduated
in 1994 from Sultan Qaboos University in Muscat, Faculty of Engineering, and he holds a BSc in Petroleum Engineering. Hilal is
a board member of The Research Console (www.trc.gov.om). Also, he serves on the board of Oman Development Bank SAOC (www.odb.com.om),
and is a member of the academic committee of Oman University. Mr. Al Busaidy has led Gulf Energy SAOC to win the Petroleum Development
of Oman (PDO) "In Country Value" Chairman's Prize and the HH Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Prince of Dubai
prize as the Best Performing Company in the Services Sector across the GCC countries. 

 We
believe that Mr. Busaidy is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive entrepreneurial experience and
his expertise in building and running companies in Oman and in the MENA region. 

 Yasser
Al Barami has more than 22 years of professional experience in the oil and gas industry. Mr. Al-Barami is the Chairman
of GES which he co-founded in 2006 and also holds the position of Chief Commercial Officer for GES. Mr. Al Barami has benefited
from significant exposure to both the services industry as well as the E&P industry which makes his experience unique in several
aspects. Mr. Al Barami started his career in the drilling operations of Petroleum Development Oman (PDO). Over the next 9 years
worked in different positions in Well Engineering in the field before progressing to PDO's headquarters where he was appointed
to be a Team Leader for the same. Mr. Al Barami obtained his Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University
of Brighton, United Kingdom in 1995, and thereafter completed his MBA from the University of Lincoln, United Kingdom in 2003. 

 We
believe that Mr. Barami is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive entrepreneurial experience as
well as his E&P background and his knowledge of the MENA region and specifically Oman. 

 Andrew
L. Waite is Co-President of LESA, the ultimate general partner of SCF and the ultimate general partner of the majority
shareholder of SV3, and has been an officer of that company since October 1995. He was previously Vice President of Simmons &
Company International, where he served from August 1993 to September 1995. From 1984 to 1991, Mr. Waite held a number of engineering
and project management positions with Royal Dutch / Shell Group, an integrated energy company. Mr. Waite currently serves on the
board of directors of Nine Energy Service, Inc. (NYSE: NINE), a position he has held since February 2013, is on the board of directors
of Forum Energy Technologies, Inc. (NYSE: FET), a position he has held since August 2010, and is on the board of directors of
Atlantic Navigation Holdings (Singapore) Limited (SGX: 5UL), a position he has held since January 2016. Mr. Waite previously served
on the board of directors of Complete Production Services, Inc., a provider of specialized oil and gas completion and production
services from 2007 to 2009, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc., a provider of marine services to the energy sector and military
customers from 2000 to 2006, and Oil States International, Inc., a diversified oilfield services and equipment company from August
1995 through April 2006. Mr. Waite received an MBA with High Distinction from Harvard Business School, an MS degree in Environmental
Engineering Science from California Institute of Technology and a BSc degree with First Class Honours in Civil Engineering from
England's Loughborough University. 

 We
believe that Mr. Waite's extensive public company experience in the energy sector, in particular in the oilfield services
industry, and his experience in identifying strategic growth trends in true energy industry and evaluating potential transactions
make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors. 

 Adnan
Ghabris has over 30 years of experience in the oil service industry. Mr. Ghabris has served as Chief Executive Officer
of NPS since 2008. Before serving as Chief Executive Officer of NPS, Mr. Ghabris spent more than 20 years with Schlumberger, where
he held several executive roles in operations, technical and marketing in the following countries: Kuwait, Syria, Libya, Canada,
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates from 1989 to 2008. 

 Mr.
Ghabris was the Vice President of Schlumberger Arabian Region from 1999 to 2004 covering Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain
and Pakistan. Prior to his assignment as a Chief Executive Officer of NPS, he held the position of Integrated Project Manager
for Schlumberger Middle East and Asia based in Dubai. Mr. Ghabris holds a Master's Degree in Chemical Engineering from Kuwait
University (Honors) and a Bachelor's Degree in Chemical Engineering in Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey, United
States (Honors). He is a member of the Canadian Professional Engineers, American Institute for Chemical Engineers (AiChE) and
the Society of Petroleum. 

 Theresa
Eaton is a Managing Director of SCF Partners, a leading oilfield services private equity investor where she is responsible
for sourcing acquisition opportunities at SCF as well as their ongoing strategic oversight and development. Ms. Eaton graduated
from Duke University with a Bachelor of Arts dual degree in International Relations and Asian Studies with a concentration in
Japanese. After graduating from Duke, she worked in the Institutional Securities Division and Private Wealth Management Division
at Morgan Stanley in Manhattan. She subsequently attended Duke University Law School where she earned her J.D. and later worked
in the Corporate and Securities group at Vinson & Elkins LLP. Prior to joining SCF Partners, Ms. Eaton worked at First Reserve
Corporation, an energy focused private equity firm. Ms. Eaton serves on Duke University's Board of Entrepreneurship &
Innovation, the board of the Center for Hearing and Speech and the board of the Broach Foundation for Brain Cancer Research, an
organization she co-founded and has jointly raised more than $4 million for glioblastoma research. 

 We
believe that Ms. Eaton is qualified to serve as an alternate director because of her extensive investing experience with entrepreneurial
and high growth companies and we also believe her legal background will be beneficial for the Board of Directors. 

 130 

 Redemption
Rights 

 Pursuant
to our Charter, holders of public shares who purchased shares in our IPO (other than our Sponsor or certain lead investors in
our IPO) may elect to have their shares redeemed for cash at the applicable redemption price per share calculated in accordance
with our Charter. If a holder exercises its redemption rights, then such holder will exchange its ordinary shares for cash and
will no longer own NESR ordinary shares. NESR public shareholders are not required to affirmatively vote for or against the Business
Combination in order to redeem their ordinary shares for cash. This means that public shareholders who hold NESR ordinary shares
on or before May 16, 2018 (two (2) business days before the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting) may elect to
redeem their shares whether or not they are holders as of the record date, and whether or not they vote for the Business Combination
Proposal, so long as such holder properly demands redemption and delivers its shares (either physically or electronically) to
our transfer agent in accordance with the procedures described herein. Each redemption of public shares by our public shareholders
will decrease the amount in our trust account, which held $231,553,535.80 as of April 30, 2018. See the section
entitled "Special Meeting in Lieu of an Annual Meeting of NESR Shareholders -- Redemption Rights" for a description
of the procedures to be followed if you wish to redeem your shares for cash. 

 Appraisal
Rights 

 There
are no appraisal rights available to our shareholders in connection with the Business Combination under the structure as presently
contemplated. 

 Accounting
Treatment 

 The
Business Combination will be accounted for under ASC 805. Pursuant to ASC 805, NESR has been determined to be the accounting acquirer
based on evaluation of the following facts and circumstances: 

 &#9679; 
 NESR
 is transferring cash via the use of funds within its Trust Account, issuing shares, and will be incurring liabilities to execute
 the Business Combination; 

 &#9679; 
 NESR's
 executive management will comprise the C-Suite of the combined company; 

 &#9679; 
 NESR
 has the right to designate 4 out of the 9 initial members of the board of directors of the combined company immediately after
 giving effect to the Business Combination. This provides a plurality for NESR with no other Company representing more than
 3 seats on the board. There are also no special voting rights conveyed in the Business Combination; 

 &#9679; 
 NESR
 was the entity that initiated the Business Combination; and 

 &#9679; 
 The
 headquarters of the combined company will be moved to NESR. 

 The
preponderance of the evidence discussed above supports the conclusion that NESR is the accounting acquirer in the Business Combination. 

 NPS
and GES both constitute businesses, with inputs, processes, and outputs. Accordingly, the acquisition of NPS and GES both constitute
the acquisition of a business for purposes of ASC 805, and due to the change in control of each of NPS and GES, will be accounted
for using the acquisition method. NESR will record the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed from NPS and GES. 

 Material
U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations for Shareholders Exercising Redemption Rights 

 The
following is a summary of the material U.S. federal income tax considerations for holders of our ordinary shares that elect to
have their ordinary shares redeemed for cash. This summary is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"),
the regulations promulgated by the U.S. Treasury Department, current administrative interpretations and practices of the Internal
Revenue Services (the "IRS") (including administrative interpretations and practices expressed in private letter rulings
which are binding on the IRS only with respect to the particular taxpayers who requested and received those rulings) and judicial
decisions, all as currently in effect and all of which are subject to differing interpretations or to change, possibly with retroactive
effect. No assurance can be given that the IRS would not assert, or that a court would not sustain, a position contrary to any
of the tax considerations described below. No advance ruling has been or will be sought from the IRS regarding any matter discussed
in this summary. This summary does not address any laws other than the United States federal income tax law, such as the U.S.
federal estate tax, U.S. state and local tax laws and the tax laws of any non-U.S. jurisdictions. This summary does not purport
to discuss all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be important to a particular shareholder in light of its investment
or tax circumstances or to shareholders subject to special tax rules, such as: 

 131 

 &#9679; 
 certain
 U.S. expatriates; 

 &#9679; 
 traders
 in securities that elect mark-to-market treatment; 

 &#9679; 
 S
 corporations; 

 &#9679; 
 Redeeming
 U.S. Holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; 

 &#9679; 
 financial
 institutions; 

 &#9679; 
 mutual
 funds; 

 &#9679; 
 qualified
 plans, such as 401(k) plans and individual retirement accounts; 

 &#9679; 
 insurance
 companies; 

 &#9679; 
 broker-dealers; 

 &#9679; 
 regulated
 investment companies (or RICs); 

 &#9679; 
 real
 estate investment trusts (or REITs); 

 &#9679; 
 persons
 holding ordinary shares as part of a "straddle," "hedge," "conversion transaction," "synthetic
 security" or other integrated investment; 

 132 

 &#9679; 
 persons
 subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions of the Code; 

 &#9679; 
 persons
 subject to the Medicare contribution tax imposed under the Code; 

 &#9679; 
 tax-exempt
 organizations; 

 &#9679; 
 persons
 that actually or constructively own 5 percent or more of our ordinary shares; 

 &#9679; 
 our
 Sponsor and its shareholders; and 

 &#9679; 
 redeeming
 Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below, and except as otherwise discussed below). 

 If
any partnership (including for this purpose any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds ordinary
shares, the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partner and
the partnership. This summary does not address any tax consequences to any partnership that holds our ordinary shares (or to any
direct or indirect partner of such partnership). If you are a partner of a partnership holding our ordinary shares, you should
consult your tax advisor. This summary assumes that shareholders hold our ordinary shares as capital assets within the meaning
of Section 1221 of the Code, which generally means as property held for investment and not as a dealer or for sale to customers
in the ordinary course of the shareholder's trade or business. 

 WE
URGE HOLDERS OF OUR ORDINARY SHARES CONTEMPLATING EXERCISE OF THEIR REDEMPTION RIGHTS TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISOR REGARDING THE
U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, AND FOREIGN INCOME AND OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES THEREOF. 

 U.S.
Federal Income Tax Considerations to U.S. Shareholders 

 This
section is addressed to Redeeming U.S. Holders (as defined below) of our ordinary shares that elect to have their ordinary shares
redeemed for cash. For purposes of this discussion, a "Redeeming U.S. Holder" is a beneficial owner that so redeems
its ordinary shares and is: 

 &#9679; 
 a
 citizen or resident of the United States; 

 &#9679; 
 a
 corporation (including an entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or
 under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof; 

 &#9679; 
 an
 estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 

 &#9679; 
 any
 trust if (1) a U.S. court is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of such trust and one or more U.S.
 persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (2) it has a valid election in place to be
 treated as a U.S. person. 

 133 

 Tax
Treatment of the Redemption -- In General 

 The
balance of the discussion under this heading is subject in its entirety to the discussion below under the heading "--
Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules." If we are considered a "passive foreign investment company" for these
purposes (which we will be, unless a "start up" exception applies), then the tax consequences of the redemption will
be as outlined in that discussion, below. 

 A
Redeeming U.S. Holder will generally recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the cash received in the redemption
and such shareholder's adjusted basis in the ordinary shares so redeemed if the Redeeming U.S. Holder's ownership
of ordinary shares is completely terminated or if the redemption meets certain other tests described below. Special constructive
ownership rules apply in determining whether a Redeeming U.S. Holder's ownership of ordinary shares is treated as completely
terminated (and in general, such Redeeming U.S. Holder may not be considered to have completely terminated its interest if it
continues to hold our warrants). If gain or loss treatment applies, such gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if
the holding period of such ordinary shares is more than one year at the time of the exchange. It is possible that because of the
redemption rights associated with our ordinary shares, the holding period of such ordinary shares may not be considered to begin
until the date of such redemption (and thus it is possible that long-term capital gain or loss treatment may not apply to ordinary
shares redeemed in the redemption). Shareholders who hold different blocks of ordinary shares (generally, ordinary shares purchased
or acquired on different dates or at different prices) should consult their tax advisors to determine how the above rules apply
to them. 

 A
redemption that does not completely terminate the Redeeming U.S. Holder's interest will still give rise to capital gain
or loss, if the redemption is either (i) "substantially disproportionate" or (ii) "not essentially equivalent
to a dividend." In determining whether the redemption is substantially disproportionate or not essentially equivalent to
a dividend with respect to a Redeeming U.S. Holder, that Redeeming U.S. Holder is deemed to own not just ordinary shares actually
owned but also ordinary shares underlying options to acquire our ordinary shares (including for these purposes our warrants) and,
in some cases, ordinary shares owned by certain family members, certain estates and trusts of which the Redeeming U.S. Holder
is a beneficiary, and certain affiliated entities. 

 Generally,
the redemption will be "substantially disproportionate" with respect to the Redeeming U.S. Holder if (i) the Redeeming
U.S. Holder's percentage ownership of the outstanding voting shares (including all classes which carry voting rights) of
the Company is reduced immediately after the redemption to less than 80% of the Redeeming U.S. Holder's percentage interest
in such voting shares immediately before the redemption; (ii) the Redeeming U.S. Holder's percentage ownership of our outstanding
shares (both voting and nonvoting) immediately after the redemption is reduced to less than 80% of such percentage ownership immediately
before the redemption; and (iii) the Redeeming U.S. Holder owns, immediately after the redemption, less than 50% of the total
combined voting power of all classes of shares of the Company entitled to vote. Whether the redemption will be considered "not
essentially equivalent to a dividend" with respect to a Redeeming U.S. Holder will depend upon the particular circumstances
of that Redeeming U.S. Holder. At a minimum, however, the redemption must result in a meaningful reduction in the Redeeming U.S.
Holder's actual or constructive percentage ownership of the Company. The IRS has ruled that any reduction in a shareholder's
proportionate interest is a "meaningful reduction" if the shareholder's relative interest in the corporation
is minimal and the shareholder does not have meaningful control over the corporation. 

 134 

 If
none of the redemption tests described above give rise to capital gain or loss, the consideration paid to the Redeeming U.S. Holder
will be treated as dividend income for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and
profits. However, for the purposes of the dividends-received deduction and of "qualified dividend" treatment, due
to the redemption right, a Redeeming U.S. Holder may be unable to include the time period prior to the redemption in the shareholder's
"holding period." Any distribution in excess of our earnings and profits will reduce the Redeeming U.S. Holder's
basis in the ordinary shares (but not below zero), and any remaining excess will be treated as gain realized on the sale or other
disposition of the ordinary shares. 

 As
these rules are complex, Redeeming U.S. Holders of ordinary shares considering exercising their redemption rights should consult
their own tax advisors as to whether the redemption will be treated as a sale or as a distribution under the Code. 

 Passive
Foreign Investment Company Rules 

 A
foreign (i.e., non-U.S.) corporation will be a passive foreign investment company (or "PFIC") for U.S. tax purposes
if at least 75% of its gross income in a taxable year, including its pro rata share of the gross income of any corporation in
which it is considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value, is passive income. Alternatively, a foreign corporation will
be a PFIC if at least 50% of its assets in a taxable year of the foreign corporation, ordinarily determined based on fair market
value and averaged quarterly over the year, including its pro rata share of the assets of any corporation in which it is considered
to own at least 25% of the shares by value, are held for the production of, or produce, passive income. Passive income generally
includes dividends, interest, rents and royalties (other than rents or royalties derived from the active conduct of a trade or
business) and gains from the disposition of passive assets. 

 Because
we are a blank check company, with no current active business, we believe that it is likely that we have met the PFIC asset or
income test beginning with our initial taxable year ending December 31, 2017. However, pursuant to a start-up exception, a corporation
will not be a PFIC for the first taxable year the corporation has gross income (in our case, our taxable year ending December
31, 2017), if (1) no predecessor of the corporation was a PFIC; (2) the corporation satisfies the IRS that it will not be a PFIC
for either of the first two taxable years following the start-up year (in our case, our taxable years ending December 31, 2018
and December 31, 2019); and (3) the corporation is not in fact a PFIC for either of those years. The applicability of the start-up
exception to us will not be known until after the close of our current taxable year ending December 31, 2018. Even if the proposed
Business Combination is completed during our taxable year ending December 31, 2018, we may still meet one of the PFIC tests depending
on the timing of the acquisition and the amount of our passive income and assets as well as any passive income and assets of the
businesses acquired in the Business Combination. If we do not satisfy the start-up exception, we will likely be considered a PFIC
since our date of formation and will continue to be treated as a PFIC until we no longer satisfy the PFIC tests (although, as
stated below, in general the PFIC rules would continue to apply to any Redeeming U.S. Holder who held our ordinary shares or warrants
at any time we were considered a PFIC). 

 135 

 If
we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a Redeeming
U.S. Holder of our ordinary shares or warrants and, in the case of our ordinary shares, the Redeeming U.S. Holder did not make
either a timely QEF election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the Redeeming U.S. Holder held (or was deemed to hold)
ordinary shares or a timely "mark to market" election, in each case as described below, such holder generally will
be subject to special rules with respect to: 

 &#9679; 
 any
 gain recognized by the Redeeming U.S. Holder on the sale or other disposition of its ordinary shares or warrants (which would
 include the redemption, if such redemption is treated as a sale under the rules discussed under the heading "--
 Tax Treatment of the Redemption -- In General," above); and 

 &#9679; 
 any
 "excess distribution" made to the Redeeming U.S. Holder (generally, any distributions to such Redeeming U.S. Holder
 during a taxable year of the Redeeming U.S. Holder that are greater than 125% of the average annual distributions received
 by such Redeeming U.S. Holder in respect of the ordinary shares during the three preceding taxable years of such Redeeming
 U.S. Holder or, if shorter, such Redeeming U.S. Holder's holding period for the ordinary shares), which may include
 the redemption to the extent such redemption is treated as a distribution under the rules discussed under the heading "--
 Tax Treatment of the Redemption -- In General," above. 

 Under
 these special rules, 

 &#9679; 
 the
 Redeeming U.S. Holder's gain or excess distribution will be allocated ratably over the Redeeming U.S. Holder's
 holding period for the ordinary shares or warrants; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 amount allocated to the Redeeming U.S. Holder's taxable year in which the Redeeming U.S. Holder recognized the gain
 or received the excess distribution, or to the period in the Redeeming U.S. Holder's holding period before the first
 day of our first taxable year in which we are a PFIC, will be taxed as ordinary income; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 amount allocated to other taxable years (or portions thereof) of the Redeeming U.S. Holder and included in its holding period
 will be taxed at the highest tax rate in effect for that year and applicable to the Redeeming U.S. Holder; and 

 &#9679; 
 the
 interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will be imposed in respect of the tax attributable to each such
 other taxable year of the Redeeming U.S. Holder. 

 136 

 In
general, if we are determined to be a PFIC, a Redeeming U.S. Holder may avoid the PFIC tax consequences described above in respect
to our ordinary shares (but not our warrants) by making a timely QEF election (if eligible to do so) to include in income its
pro rata share of our net capital gains (as long-term capital gain) and other earnings and profits (as ordinary income), on a
current basis, in each case whether or not distributed, in the taxable year of the Redeeming U.S. Holder in which or with which
our taxable year ends. In general, a QEF election must be made on or before the due date (including extensions) for filing such
Redeeming U.S. Holder's tax return for the taxable year for which the election relates. A Redeeming U.S. Holder may make
a separate election to defer the payment of taxes on undistributed income inclusions under the QEF rules, but if deferred, any
such taxes will be subject to an interest charge. 

 A
Redeeming U.S. Holder may not make a QEF election with respect to its warrants to acquire our ordinary shares. As a result, if
a Redeeming U.S. Holder sells or otherwise disposes of such warrants (other than upon exercise of such warrants), any gain recognized
generally will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described
above, if we were a PFIC at any time during the period the Redeeming U.S. Holder held the warrants. If a Redeeming U.S. Holder
that exercises such warrants properly makes a QEF election with respect to the newly acquired ordinary shares (or has previously
made a QEF election with respect to our ordinary shares), the QEF election will apply to the newly acquired ordinary shares, but
the adverse tax consequences relating to the ownership of shares of a PFIC, adjusted to take into account the current income inclusions
resulting from the QEF election, will continue to apply with respect to such newly acquired ordinary shares (which generally will
be deemed to have a holding period for purposes of the PFIC rules that includes the period the Redeeming U.S. Holder held the
warrants), unless the Redeeming U.S. Holder makes a purging election. The purging election creates a deemed sale of such ordinary
shares at their fair market value. The gain recognized by the purging election will be subject to the special tax and interest
charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described above. As a result of the purging election, the Redeeming
U.S. Holder will have a new basis and holding period in the ordinary shares acquired upon the exercise of the warrants for purposes
of the PFIC rules. 

 The
QEF election is made on a shareholder-by-shareholder basis and, once made, can be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. A
Redeeming U.S. Holder generally makes a QEF election by attaching a completed IRS Form 8621 (Return by a Shareholder of a Passive
Foreign Investment Company or Qualified Electing Fund), including the information provided in a PFIC annual information statement,
to a timely filed U.S. federal income tax return for the tax year to which the election relates. Retroactive QEF elections generally
may be made only by filing a protective statement with such return and if certain other conditions are met or with the consent
of the IRS. Redeeming U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a
retroactive QEF election under their particular circumstances. 

 In
order to comply with the requirements of a QEF election, a Redeeming U.S. Holder must receive a PFIC annual information statement
from us. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a Redeeming U.S. Holder such information
as the IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the Redeeming U.S. Holder to make and
maintain a QEF election. However, there is no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of our status as a PFIC in the future
or of the required information to be provided. 

 137 

 If
a Redeeming U.S. Holder has made a QEF election with respect to our ordinary shares, and the special tax and interest charge rules
do not apply to such ordinary shares (because such holder made a timely QEF election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which
the Redeeming U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) such ordinary shares or because such holder made a purging election, as
described above), any gain recognized on the sale of our ordinary shares generally will be taxable as capital gain and no interest
charge will be imposed. As discussed above, Redeeming U.S. Holders of a QEF are currently taxed on their pro rata ordinary shares
of its earnings and profits, whether or not distributed. In such case, a subsequent distribution of such earnings and profits
that were previously included in income generally should not be taxable as a dividend to such Redeeming U.S. Holders. The tax
basis of a Redeeming U.S. Holder's ordinary shares in a QEF will be increased by amounts that are included in income, and
decreased by amounts distributed but not taxed as dividends, under the above rules. Similar basis adjustments apply to property
if by reason of holding such property the Redeeming U.S. Holder is treated under the applicable attribution rules as owning ordinary
shares in a QEF. 

 Although
a determination as to our PFIC status will be made annually, a determination that we are a PFIC for any particular year will generally
apply for subsequent years to a Redeeming U.S. Holder who held ordinary shares or warrants while we were a PFIC, whether or not
we meet the test for PFIC status in those subsequent years. A Redeeming U.S. Holder who makes the QEF election discussed above
for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the Redeeming U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our ordinary shares and receives
the requisite PFIC annual information statement, however, will not be subject to the PFIC tax and interest charge rules discussed
above in respect to such ordinary shares. In addition, such Redeeming U.S. Holder will not be subject to the QEF inclusion regime
with respect to such ordinary shares for any taxable year of us that ends within or with a taxable year of the Redeeming U.S.
Holder and in which we are not a PFIC. On the other hand, if the QEF election is not effective for each of our taxable years in
which we are a PFIC and the Redeeming U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our ordinary shares, the PFIC rules discussed above
will continue to apply to such ordinary shares unless the holder makes a purging election, as described above, and pays the tax
and interest charge with respect to the gain inherent in such ordinary shares attributable to the pre-QEF election period. 

 Alternatively,
if a Redeeming U.S. Holder, at the close of its taxable year, owns shares in a PFIC that are treated as marketable stock, the
Redeeming U.S. Holder may make a mark-to-market election with respect to such shares for such taxable year. If the Redeeming U.S.
Holder makes a valid mark-to-market election for the first taxable year of the Redeeming U.S. Holder in which the Redeeming U.S.
Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) ordinary shares and for which we are determined to be a PFIC, such holder generally will not
be subject to the PFIC rules described above in respect to its ordinary shares. Instead, in general, the Redeeming U.S. Holder
will include as ordinary income each year the excess, if any, of the fair market value of its ordinary shares at the end of its
taxable year over the adjusted basis in its ordinary shares. The Redeeming U.S. Holder also will be allowed to take an ordinary
loss in respect of the excess, if any, of the adjusted basis of its ordinary shares over the fair market value of its ordinary
shares at the end of its taxable year (but only to the extent of the net amount of previously included income as a result of the
mark-to-market election). The Redeeming U.S. Holder's basis in its ordinary shares will be adjusted to reflect any such
income or loss amounts, and any further gain recognized on a sale or other taxable disposition of the ordinary shares will be
treated as ordinary income. A mark-to-market election may not be made with respect to our warrants. 

 The
mark-to-market election is available only for stock that is regularly traded on a national securities exchange that is registered
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the NASDAQ Capital Market, or on a foreign exchange or market that the
IRS determines has rules sufficient to ensure that the market price represents a legitimate and sound fair market value. Redeeming
U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a mark-to-market election
in respect to our ordinary shares under their particular circumstances. 

 138 

 If
we are a PFIC and, at any time, have a foreign subsidiary that is classified as a PFIC, Redeeming U.S. Holders generally would
be deemed to own a portion of such lower-tier PFIC, and generally could incur liability for the deferred tax and interest charge
described above if we receive a distribution from, or dispose of all or part of our interest in, the lower-tier PFIC or the Redeeming
U.S. Holders otherwise were deemed to have disposed of an interest in the lower-tier PFIC. We will endeavor to cause any lower-tier
PFIC to provide to a Redeeming U.S. Holder the information that may be required to make or maintain a QEF election with respect
to the lower-tier PFIC. However, there is no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of the status of any such lower-tier
PFIC. In addition, we may not hold a controlling interest in any such lower-tier PFIC and thus there can be no assurance we will
be able to cause the lower-tier PFIC to provide the required information. Redeeming U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own
tax advisors regarding the tax issues raised by lower-tier PFICs. 

 A
Redeeming U.S. Holder that owns (or is deemed to own) ordinary shares in a PFIC during any taxable year of the Redeeming U.S.
Holder, may have to file an IRS Form 8621(whether or not a QEF or market-to-market election is made) and such other information
as may be required by the U.S. Treasury Department. 

 The
application of the PFIC rules is extremely complex. Shareholders who are considering participating in the redemption and/or selling,
transferring or otherwise disposing of their ordinary shares and/or warrants should consult with their tax advisors concerning
the application of the PFIC rules in their particular circumstances. 

 U.S.
Federal Income Tax Considerations to Non-U.S. Shareholders 

 This
section is addressed to Redeeming Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below) of our ordinary shares that elect to have their ordinary
shares redeemed for cash. For purposes of this discussion, a "Redeeming Non-U.S. Holder" is a beneficial owner (other
than a partnership or entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that so redeems its ordinary shares
and is not a Redeeming U.S. Holder. 

 Except
as otherwise discussed in this section, a Redeeming Non-U.S. Holder who elects to have its ordinary shares redeemed will generally
be treated in the same manner as a Redeeming U.S. Holder for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See the discussion above under
"U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations to U.S. Shareholders." 

 Any
Redeeming Non-U.S. Holder will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any gain recognized as a result of the exchange unless: 

 &#9679; 
 such
 shareholder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year in which the
 redemption takes place and certain other conditions are met; or 

 &#9679; 
 such
 shareholder is engaged in a trade or business within the United States and any gain recognized in the exchange is treated
 as effectively connected with such trade or business (and, if an income tax treaty applies, the gain is attributable to a
 permanent establishment maintained by such holder in the United States), in which case the Redeeming Non-U.S. Holder will
 generally be subject to the same treatment as a Redeeming U.S. Holder with respect to the exchange, and a Redeeming Non-U.S.
 Holder that is classified as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes may be subject to an additional branch profits
 tax at a 30% rate (or lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty). 

 139 

 With
respect to any redemption treated as a distribution rather than a sale, any amount treated as dividend income to a Redeeming Non-U.S.
Holder will generally be subject to U.S. withholding tax at a rate of 30%, unless the Redeeming Non-U.S. Holder is entitled to
a reduced rate of withholding under an applicable income tax treaty. Dividends received by a Redeeming Non-U.S. Holder that are
effectively connected with such holder's conduct of a U.S. trade or business (and, if an income tax treaty applies, such
dividends are attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by the Redeeming Non-U.S. Holder in the United States), will
be taxed as discussed above under "U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations to U.S. Shareholders." In addition, dividends
received by a Redeeming Non-U.S. Holder that is classified as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are effectively
connected with the holder's conduct of a U.S. trade or business may also be subject to an additional branch profits tax
at a rate of 30% or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty. 

 Redeeming
Non-U.S. Holders of ordinary shares considering exercising their redemption rights should consult their own tax advisors as to
whether the redemption of their ordinary shares will be treated as a sale or as a distribution under the Code. 

 Under
the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") and U.S. Treasury regulations and administrative guidance thereunder,
a 30% United States federal withholding tax may apply to certain income paid to (i) a "foreign financial institution"
(as specifically defined in FATCA), whether such foreign financial institution is the beneficial owner or an intermediary, unless
such foreign financial institution agrees to verify, report and disclose its United States "account" holders (as specifically
defined in FATCA) and meets certain other specified requirements or (ii) a non-financial foreign entity, whether such non-financial
foreign entity is the beneficial owner or an intermediary, unless such entity provides a certification that the beneficial owner
of the payment does not have any substantial United States owners or provides the name, address and taxpayer identification number
of each such substantial United States owner and certain other specified requirements are met. In certain cases, the relevant
foreign financial institution or non-financial foreign entity may qualify for an exemption from, or be deemed to be in compliance
with, these rules. Redeeming Non-U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding this legislation and whether it
may be relevant to their disposition of their ordinary shares or warrants. 

 Backup
Withholding 

 In
general, proceeds received from the exercise of redemption rights will be subject to backup withholding for a non-corporate Redeeming
U.S. Holder that: 

 &#9679; 
 fails
 to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number; 

 &#9679; 
 is
 notified by the IRS regarding a failure to report all interest or dividends required to be shown on his or her federal income
 tax returns; or 

 &#9679; 
 in
 certain circumstances, fails to comply with applicable certification requirements. 

 A
Redeeming Non-U.S. Holder generally may eliminate the requirement for information reporting and backup withholding by providing
certification of its foreign status, under penalties of perjury, on a duly executed applicable IRS Form W-8 or by otherwise establishing
an exemption. 

 140 

 Any
amount withheld under these rules will be creditable against the Redeeming U.S. Holder's or Redeeming Non-U.S. Holder's
U.S. federal income tax liability or refundable to the extent that it exceeds this liability, provided that the required information
is timely furnished to the IRS and other applicable requirements are met. 

 As
previously noted above, the foregoing discussion of certain material U.S. federal income tax consequences is included for general
information purposes only and is not intended to be, and should not be construed as, legal or tax advice to any shareholder. We
once again urge you to consult with your own tax adviser to determine the particular tax consequences to you (including the application
and effect of any U.S. federal, state, local or foreign income or other tax laws) of the receipt of cash in redemption of your
ordinary shares. 

 Vote
Required for Approval 

 Approval
of the Business Combination Proposal is a condition to the completion of the Business Combination. If the Business Combination
Proposal is not approved, the Business Combination will not take place. Approval of the Business Combination Proposal is also
a condition to the Nasdaq Proposal and the Incentive Plan Proposal. If the Business Combination Approval is not approved, the
Nasdaq Proposal and the Incentive Plan Proposal will have no effect (even if approved by the requisite vote of our shareholders
at the special meeting in lieu of annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). 

 This
Business Combination Proposal (and consequently, the Stock Purchase Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby, including
the Business Combination) will be approved and adopted only if at least a majority of the votes cast in person or by proxy at
the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting vote "FOR" the Business Combination Proposal. 

 Our
Sponsors have agreed to vote any NESR ordinary shares owned by it in favor of the Business Combination. As of the date hereof,
our Sponsor holds 20% of the total issued and outstanding ordinary shares of NESR and, pursuant to the above-mentioned agreement,
will vote all such shares in favor of the Business Combination. Assuming that 12% of the public shares, in addition to the IPO
lead investors holding 6 million ordinary shares who have committed to vote for the Business Combination, also are voted in favor
of the Business Combination Proposal, such votes will be sufficient to meet the requisite vote for approval. 

 Recommendation
of the Board of Directors 

 NESR'S
BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT OUR SHAREHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" THE BUSINESS COMBINATION PROPOSAL. 

 141 

 DIRECTOR
ELECTION PROPOSAL 

 NESR's
board of directors is currently divided into two classes, Class I and Class II, with only one class of directors being elected
in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a
two-year term. For purposes of Regulation 9.1 of Charter, the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting is serving as
NESR's first annual general meeting of shareholders. Under Regulation 9.1, the terms of our current Class
I directors terminate. However, our current Class I directors may stand for re-election at the meeting. The NESR board has therefore
nominated the two (2) existing Class I directors, Antonio J. Campo Mejia, and Hala Zeibak, for re-election as Class I directors. 

 The
directors who are elected as Class I directors will be elected for a two-year term, expiring at the time of NESR's annual
meeting 2020 or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, or until their earlier resignation, removal
or death. The election of these directors is not contingent upon approval of the Business Combination. 

 Pursuant
to NESR's Charter, the Board of Directors has the authority to expand the size of the Board of Directors and elect new directors
to fill the newly-created Board seats. In accordance with this authority, at or immediately after the closing of the Business
Combination, the Board of Directors will expand the size of the Board of Directors to nine members with staggered two year terms.
If the two director nominees are elected at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting and the Business Combination is consummated,
our post-closing Board of Directors will consist of four (4) existing NESR directors, Sherif Foda, Thomas Wood, Antonio J. Campo
Mejia, and Hala Zeibak, two nominated by NPS Selling Stockholders, Salim Al Noaimi and Adnan Ghabris, two nominated by GES
Selling Stockholders, Yasser Al Barami and Hilal Al Busaidy and one nominated by SV3, Andrew L. Waite. The appointment of
the five additional directors will be made by resolution of the board at or immediately after the closing of the Business Combination. 

 While
the above board structuring and terms are within the contemplation of the present Charter, the directors may make certain
amendments to the Charter following the Business Combination to ensure that the terms of the Class I and II directors as set out
above are expressly set out in the Charter for greater convenience and clarity. The ability to make such amendments is within
the powers of the Board to amend our Charter. 

 Our
Board of Directors has nominated Antonio J. Campo Mejia and Hala Zeibak for re-election as Class I Directors. The following sets
forth information regarding each nominee. 

 142 

 Antonio
J. Campo Mejia , who has been an independent director of NESR since May 12, 2017, has been a non-executive
director of the Supervisory Board of Fugro N.V. (Euronext: FUR), a company providing geotechnical, survey, subsea and geosciences
services, since 2014 and Vice-Chairman of Basin Holdings, a global holding company focused on providing products and services
to energy and industrial customers since 2012. From 2012 to 2013, Mr. Campo Mejia served as non-executive director at Integra
Group, an oilfield services company mainly active in Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States, and served as its Chief
Executive Officer from 2009 to 2012. Mr. Campo Mejia also served as non-executive director at Basin Supply LP, Basin Tools LP
and Basin Energy Services LP from 2009 to 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Campo Mejia spent 28 years of his professional career at Schlumberger,
the world's leading oilfield services company, in a multitude of senior management positions in different parts of the world.
Mr. Campo Mejia served as the President of Latin America for Oilfield Services of Schlumberger from 2006 to 2008. Mr. Campo Mejia
served as President of Europe & Africa, Schlumberger Oilfield Services from 2003 to 2006. From 2000 to 2006, he was the President
of Schlumberger's Integrated Project Management business responsible for the worldwide operations in this service line.
From 1999 to 2000, Mr. Campo Mejia served as Director of Personnel for the Reservoir Management Group in Houston, Texas. From
1997 to 1999, he was the Vice President of Oilfield Services Latin America South managing a full range of services in the region.
In his career prior to 1997, Mr. Campo Mejia held a number of senior management and technical positions in Schlumberger's
wireline business. Mr. Campo Mejia received his bachelor's degree in Electronic Engineering from Pontificia Universidad
Javeriana in 1980. 

 We
believe that Mr. Campo Mejia is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive experience in the oil and
gas industry and his experience as an executive in oilfield services and board member of multinational companies. 

 Hala
Zeibak, who has been an independent director of NESR since May 12, 2017, is director of investments at Olayan
Europe Limited, the investment advisory arm of The Olayan Group for the United Kingdom, Europe and Asia. The Olayan Group is a
private multinational enterprise with a managed portfolio of international investments and diverse commercial and industrial operations
in the Middle East. Ms. Zeibak joined The Olayan Group in July 2005, initially with Olayan America in New York. She transferred
to Olayan Europe in London in January 2011. Ms. Zeibak's focus is on public and private equity investments primarily in
the energy and affiliated sectors, including oil, gas, power, commodities and industrials. She is a member of the Oxford Energy
Policy Club. Ms. Zeibak received a BA in Economics from Tufts University in 2003, graduating Summa Cum Laude with membership in
the Phi Beta Kappa Society. She went on to earn a master's degree in 2005 from the Fletcher School of Law & Diplomacy
at Tufts. Her concentration was international finance and trade. 

 We
believe that Ms. Zeibak is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of her extensive experience in the investment
community and with diverse industries and multinational operations including MENA. 

 143 

 Vote
Required for Approval 

 If
a quorum is present, directors are elected by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast, in person or by proxy. This
means that each of the two director nominees will be elected if approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast
by shareholders present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting. Votes marked "FOR" a nominee will be counted
in favor of that nominee. Proxies will have full discretion to cast votes for other persons in the event any nominee is unable
to serve. Failure to vote by proxy or to vote in person at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting and broker non-votes
will have no effect on the vote since a majority of the votes cast is required for the election of each nominee. This proposal
is not conditioned on the approval of any other proposal. 

 Recommendation
of the Board 

 OUR
BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT OUR SHAREHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE TWO NOMINEES
TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS. 

 144 

 NASDAQ
PROPOSAL 

 We
are seeking shareholder approval of the NASDAQ Proposal in order to comply with NASDAQ Listing Rules 5635(a), (b) and (d). 

 Under
NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(a), shareholder approval is required prior to the issuance of securities in connection with the acquisition
of another company if such securities are not issued in a public offering and (A) have, or will have upon issuance, voting power
equal to or in excess of 20% of the voting power outstanding before the issuance of common stock (or securities convertible into
or exercisable for common stock); or (B) the number of shares of common stock to be issued is or will be equal to or in excess
of 20% of the number of shares of common stock outstanding before the issuance of the stock or securities. 

 Under
NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(b), shareholder approval is required prior to the issuance of securities when the issuance or potential
issuance will result in a change of control. 

 Under
NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(d), shareholder approval is required for a transaction other than a public offering involving the sale,
issuance or potential issuance by an issuer of common stock (or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock) at
a price that is less than the greater of book or market value of the stock if the number of shares of common stock to be issued
is or may be equal to 20% or more of the common stock, or 20% or more of the voting power, outstanding before the issuance. 

 We
currently have 28,652,125 ordinary shares outstanding. 

 Pursuant
to the Stock Purchase Agreements, we anticipate that we will issue an aggregate of 53,312,125 ordinary shares (disregarding ordinary
shares that may be issued pursuant to earn outs) to the Selling Stockholders, SV3 and Hana Investments upon the closing of the
Business Combination. We also anticipate that if we draw the full Backstop Commitment then in the case of no redemptions as well
as maximum redemptions we will issue 14,114,906 ordinary shares. Furthermore, we also anticipate that we will issue to the underwriters
of our IPO (who have a redemption-based compensation), 200,717 shares in the case of no redemptions and 269,775 shares in the
maximum redemption scenario. An additional 3,343,408 ordinary shares may be issued upon the achievement of specified net income
targets. See "The Business Combination Proposal -- The NPS Stock Purchase Agreement." Because the number of ordinary
shares we anticipate issuing in the Business Combination (1) will constitute more than 20% of our outstanding ordinary shares
and more than 20% of the outstanding voting power prior to such issuance and (2) will result in a change of control (as defined
by NASDAQ) of the Company, we are required to obtain shareholder approval of such issuances pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rules 5635(a)
and (b). 

 Additionally,
because we may issue 20% or more of our outstanding ordinary shares pursuant to the Backstop Commitment, we are required to obtain
shareholder approval of such issuances pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rules 5635(d). 

 The
terms of the Stock Purchase Agreements and the Forward Purchase Agreement are complex and only briefly summarized above. For further
information, see "The Business Combination Proposal -- The NPS Transaction," "The Business Combination
Proposal -- The GES Transaction," and "The Business Combination Proposal -- Backstop and Forward Purchase
Agreement." 

 145 

 Effect
of Proposal on Current Shareholders 

 If
the NASDAQ Proposal is adopted, we will issue an aggregate of: (i) 25,077,276 ordinary shares to acquire NPS, which number may
be subject to adjustment pursuant to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, (ii) 28,234,849 ordinary shares to acquire GES, which number
may be subject to adjustment pursuant to the GES Stock Purchase Agreement and (iii) up to 14,114,906 shares to be issued pursuant
to the Forward Purchase Agreement in the case of no redemptions as well as maximum redemptions (if 6,905,839 shares are redeemed
by existing NESR shareholders) and (iv) 200,717 shares to be issued to the underwriters assuming there are no redemptions and
269,775 shares if 6,905,839 shares are redeemed by NESR current shareholders. The issuance of such shares would result in significant
dilution to NESR shareholders and would result in the NESR current shareholders having a smaller percentage interest in the voting
power, liquidation value and aggregate book value of NESR. 

 Vote
Required for Approval 

 The
NASDAQ Proposal will be approved and adopted only if at least a majority of the votes cast in person or by proxy at the special
meeting in lieu of an annual meeting vote "FOR" the NASDAQ Proposal. 

 Consequence
of a Failure to Provide Shareholder Approval 

 IF
OUR SHAREHOLDERS DO NOT APPROVE THE NASDAQ PROPOSAL, WE WILL ONLY HAVE THE RIGHT TO ISSUE UP TO 19.9% OF THE COMPANY'S ISSUED
AND OUTSTANDING ORDINARY SHARES PURSUANT TO THE BACKSTOP COMMITMENT WITHOUT SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL. HOWEVER, ANY OPEN MARKET OR
PRIVATELY NEGOTIATED TRANSACTIONS MADE PURSUANT TO THE BACKSTOP COMMITMENT ARE NOT CONTINGENT UPON SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL. 

 Recommendation
of the Board of Directors 

 OUR
BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT OUR SHAREHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" THE APPROVAL OF THE NASDAQ PROPOSAL. 

 146 

 INCENTIVE
PLAN PROPOSAL 

 Overview
of Proposal 

 In
this Proposal, we are requesting that our shareholders approve and adopt the National Energy Services Reunited Corp. 2018 Long
Term Incentive Plan (the "LTIP") and the material terms thereunder. A total of 5,000,000 ordinary shares will be reserved
for issuance under the LTIP. Our board of directors approved the LTIP on February 9, 2018 (including the performance criteria
upon which performance goals may be based), subject to shareholder approval at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting.
The LTIP is described in more detail below. A copy of the LTIP is attached to this proxy statement as Annex F . 

 Summary
of the Proposal 

 The
purpose of the LTIP is to enhance NESR's ability to attract, retain and motivate persons who make (or are expected to make)
important contributions to NESR by providing these individuals with equity ownership opportunities. We believe that the LTIP is
essential to our success. Equity awards are intended to motivate high levels of performance and align the interests of our directors,
employees and consultants with those of our shareholders by giving directors, employees and consultants the perspective of an
owner with an equity stake in NESR and providing a means of recognizing their contributions to the success of NESR. Our board
of directors and management believe that equity awards are necessary to remain competitive in our industry and are essential to
recruiting and retaining the highly qualified employees who help and will help NESR meet its goals. 

 Eligibility
and Administration 

 Our
employees, consultants and directors, and employees and consultants of our subsidiaries, will be eligible to receive awards under
the LTIP. As of March 31, 2018, we had no employees and four directors. Following the Business Combination, NESR and its subsidiaries
are expected to have approximately 3,000 employees and other service providers and nine (9) directors who will be eligible to
receive awards under the LTIP. 

 The
LTIP will be administered by our board of directors, which may delegate its duties and responsibilities to one or more committees
of our directors and/or officers (referred to collectively as the plan administrator), subject to the limitations imposed under
the LTIP, Section 16 of the Exchange Act, stock exchange rules and other applicable laws. The plan administrator will have the
authority to take all actions and make all determinations under the LTIP, to interpret the LTIP and award agreements and to adopt,
amend and repeal rules for the administration of the LTIP as it deems advisable. The plan administrator will also have the authority
to determine which eligible service providers receive awards, grant awards and set the terms and conditions of all awards under
the LTIP, including any vesting and vesting acceleration provisions, subject to the conditions and limitations in the LTIP. 

 Shares
Available for Awards 

 An
aggregate of 5,000,000 ordinary shares will be available for issuance under the LTIP, all of which may be issued upon the exercise
of incentive stock options ("ISOs") and nonqualified stock options ("NSOs"), stock appreciation rights
("SARs"), restricted stock, dividend equivalents, restricted stock units ("RSUs") and other stock or cash
based awards. Shares issued under the LTIP may be authorized but unissued shares, shares purchased on the open market or treasury
shares. 

 If
an award under the LTIP expires, lapses or is terminated, exchanged for cash, surrendered, repurchased, canceled without having
been fully exercised or forfeited, any unused shares subject to the award will again be available for new grants under the LTIP.
Further, shares delivered to satisfy the purchase price or tax withholding obligation for any award other than an option or stock
appreciation right will again be available for new grants under the LTIP. However, the LTIP does not allow the shares available
for grant under the LTIP to be recharged or replenished with shares that: 

 147 

 &#9679; 
 are
 tendered or withheld to satisfy the exercise price of an option; 

 &#9679; 
 are
 tendered or withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations for any award that is an option or stock appreciation right; 

 &#9679; 
 are
 subject to a stock appreciation right but are not issued in connection with the stock settlement of the stock appreciation
 right; or 

 &#9679; 
 are
 purchased on the open market with cash proceeds from the exercise of options. 

 Awards
granted under the LTIP in substitution for any options or other stock or stock-based awards granted by an entity before the entity's
merger or consolidation with us (or any of our subsidiaries) or our (or any of our subsidiary's) acquisition of the entity's
property or stock will not reduce the shares available for grant under the LTIP, but will count against the maximum number of
shares that may be issued upon the exercise of incentive stock options. 

 Individual
Award Limits 

 The
maximum aggregate number of ordinary shares with respect to which one or more awards of restricted stock, restricted stock units,
or other stock or cash based awards that are denominated in shares that may be granted under the LTIP to any one person during
any fiscal year is 250,000 ordinary shares. However, these numbers may be adjusted to take into account equity restructurings
and certain other corporate transactions as described below. The maximum amount of cash that may be paid to any one person during
any fiscal year with respect to one or more awards payable in cash and not denominated in shares is $1,250,000. 

 Awards 

 The
LTIP provides for the grant of stock options, including ISOs and NSOs, stock SARs, restricted stock, dividend equivalents, RSUs
and other stock or cash based awards. Certain awards under the LTIP may constitute or provide for payment of "nonqualified
deferred compensation" under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). All
awards under the LTIP will be set forth in award agreements, which will detail the terms and conditions of awards, including any
applicable vesting and payment terms and post-termination exercise limitations. A brief description of each award type follows. 

 Stock
Options and SARs. Stock options provide for the purchase of ordinary shares in the future at an exercise price set on the
grant date. ISOs, in contrast to NSOs, may provide tax deferral beyond exercise and favorable capital gains tax treatment to their
holders if certain holding period and other requirements of the Code are satisfied. SARs entitle their holder, upon exercise,
to receive from us an amount equal to the appreciation of the shares subject to the award between the grant date and the exercise
date. The plan administrator will determine the number of shares covered by each option and SAR, the exercise price of each option
and SAR and the conditions and limitations applicable to the exercise of each option and SAR. The exercise price of a stock option
or SAR will not be less than 100% of the fair market value of the underlying share on the grant date (or 110% in the case of ISOs
granted to certain significant stockholders), except with respect to certain substitute awards granted in connection with a corporate
transaction. The term of a stock option or SAR may not be longer than ten years (or five years in the case of ISOs granted to
certain significant stockholders). 

 148 

 Restricted
Stock. Restricted stock is an award of nontransferable ordinary shares that remain forfeitable unless and until specified
conditions are met and which may be subject to a purchase price. Upon issuance of restricted stock, recipients generally have
the rights of a stockholder with respect to such shares, which generally include the right to receive dividends and other distributions
in relation to the award; however, dividends may be paid with respect to restricted stock with performance-based vesting only
to the extent the performance conditions have been satisfied and the restricted stock vests. The terms and conditions applicable
to restricted stock will be determined by the plan administrator, subject to the conditions and limitations contained in the LTIP. 

 RSUs.
 are contractual promises to deliver ordinary shares in the future, which may also remain forfeitable unless and until specified
conditions are met and may be accompanied by the right to receive the equivalent value of dividends paid on ordinary shares prior
to the delivery of the underlying shares (i.e., dividend equivalent rights); however, dividend equivalents with respect to an
award with performance-based vesting that are based on dividends paid prior to the vesting of such award will only be paid out
to the holder to the extent that the performance-based vesting conditions are subsequently satisfied and the award vests. The
plan administrator may provide that the delivery of the shares underlying RSUs will be deferred on a mandatory basis or at the
election of the participant. The terms and conditions applicable to RSUs will be determined by the plan administrator, subject
to the conditions and limitations contained in the LTIP. 

 Other
Stock or Cash Based Awards. Other stock or cash based awards are awards of cash, fully vested ordinary shares and other awards
valued wholly or partially by referring to, or otherwise based on, ordinary shares or other property. Other stock or cash based
awards may be granted to participants and may also be available as a payment form in the settlement of other awards, as standalone
payments and as payment in lieu of compensation to which a participant is otherwise entitled. The plan administrator will determine
the terms and conditions of other stock or cash based awards, which may include any purchase price, performance goal, transfer
restrictions and vesting conditions. 

 Performance-Based
Awards 

 The
plan administrator will determine whether specific awards are intended to be linked to attainment of specific performance goals.
Awards that are linked to attainment of performance goals will be conditioned on the attainment of pre-established, objective
performance goals set by the plan administrator and based on stockholder-approved performance criteria, as described below. 

 149 

 For
purposes of the LTIP, one or more of the following performance criteria will be used in setting performance goals applicable to
performance-based awards, either for the entire company or a subsidiary, division, business unit or an individual, and may be
used in setting performance goals applicable to other stock or cash based awards: net earnings or losses (either before or after
one or more of interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and non-cash equity-based compensation expense); gross or net sales
or revenue or sales or revenue growth; net income (either before or after taxes) or adjusted net income; profits (including but
not limited to gross profits, net profits, profit growth, net operation profit or economic profit), profit return ratios or operating
margin; budget or operating earnings (either before or after taxes or before or after allocation of corporate overhead and bonus);
cash flow (including operating cash flow and free cash flow or cash flow return on capital); return on assets; return on capital
or invested capital; cost of capital; return on stockholders' equity; total stockholder return; return on sales; costs,
reductions in costs and cost control measures; expenses; working capital; earnings or loss per share; adjusted earnings or loss
per share; price per share or dividends per share (or appreciation in or maintenance of such price or dividends); regulatory achievements
or compliance; implementation, completion or attainment of objectives relating to research, development, regulatory, commercial,
or strategic milestones or developments; market share; economic value or economic value added models; division, group or corporate
financial goals; individual business objectives; production or growth in production; reserves or added reserves; growth in reserves
per share; inventory growth; environmental, health and/or safety performance; effectiveness of hedging programs; improvements
in internal controls and policies and procedures; customer satisfaction/growth; customer service; employee satisfaction; recruitment
and maintenance of personnel; human resources management; supervision of litigation and other legal matters; strategic partnerships
and transactions; financial ratios (including those measuring liquidity, activity, profitability or leverage); debt levels or
reductions; sales-related goals; financing and other capital raising transactions; cash on hand; acquisition activity; investment
sourcing activity; and marketing initiatives, any of which may be measured in absolute terms or as compared to any incremental
increase or decrease. Such performance goals also may be based solely by reference to the company's performance or the performance
of a subsidiary, division, business segment or business unit of the company or a subsidiary, or based upon performance relative
to performance of other companies or upon comparisons of any of the indicators of performance relative to performance of other
companies. When determining performance goals, the plan administrator may provide for exclusion of the impact of an event or occurrence
which the plan administrator determines should appropriately be excluded, including, without limitation, non-recurring charges
or events, acquisitions or divestitures, changes in the corporate or capital structure, events unrelated to the business or outside
of the control of management, foreign exchange considerations, and legal, regulatory, tax or accounting changes. 

 Prohibition
on Repricing 

 Under
the LTIP, the plan administrator may not except in connection with equity restructurings and certain other corporate transactions
as described below, without the approval of our stockholders, authorize the repricing of any outstanding option or SAR to reduce
its price per share, or cancel any option or SAR in exchange for cash or another award when the price per share exceeds the Fair
Market Value (as that term is defined in the LTIP) of the underlying shares. 

 Certain
Transactions 

 In
connection with certain corporate transactions and events affecting our Common Stock, including a change in control, or change
in any applicable laws or accounting principles, the plan administrator has broad discretion to take action under the LTIP to
prevent the dilution or enlargement of intended benefits, facilitate the transaction or event or give effect to the change in
applicable laws or accounting principles. This includes canceling awards for cash or property, accelerating the vesting of awards,
providing for the assumption or substitution of awards by a successor entity, adjusting the number and type of shares subject
to outstanding awards and/or with respect to which awards may be granted under the LTIP and replacing or terminating awards under
the LTIP. In addition, in the event of certain non-reciprocal transactions with our stockholders, the plan administrator will
make equitable adjustments to the LTIP and outstanding awards as it deems appropriate to reflect the transaction. 

 150 

 Provisions
of the LTIP Relating to Director Compensation 

 The
LTIP provides that the plan administrator may establish compensation for non-employee directors from time to time subject to the
LTIP's limitations. The plan administrator will from time to time determine the terms, conditions and amounts of all non-employee
director compensation in its discretion and pursuant to the exercise of its business judgment, taking into account such factors,
circumstances and considerations as it shall deem relevant from time to time, provided that the sum of any cash compensation or
other compensation and the grant date fair value of any equity awards granted under the LTIP as compensation for services as a
non-employee director during any fiscal year may not exceed $200,000. The plan administrator may make exceptions to this limit
for individual non-employee directors in extraordinary circumstances, as the plan administrator may determine in its discretion,
subject to the limitations in the LTIP. 

 Plan
Amendment and Termination 

 Our
board of directors may amend or terminate the LTIP at any time; however, no amendment, other than an amendment that increases
the number of shares available under the LTIP, may materially and adversely affect an award outstanding under the LTIP without
the consent of the affected participant and stockholder approval will be obtained for any amendment to the extent necessary to
comply with applicable laws. The LTIP will remain in effect until the tenth anniversary of the earlier of (i) the date our board
of directors adopted the LTIP and (ii) the date our stockholders approve the LTIP, unless earlier terminated by our board of directors.
No awards may be granted under the LTIP after its termination. 

 Foreign
Participants, Claw-back Provisions, Transferability and Participant Payments 

 The
plan administrator may modify awards granted to participants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States or
establish plans or procedures to address differences in laws, rules, regulations or customs of such foreign jurisdictions. All
awards will be subject to any company claw-back policy as set forth in such claw-back policy or the applicable award agreement.
Except as the plan administrator may determine or provide in an award agreement, awards under the LTIP are generally non-transferrable,
except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, or, subject to the plan administrator's consent, pursuant to a domestic
relations order, and are generally exercisable only by the participant. With regard to tax withholding obligations arising in
connection with awards under the LTIP, and exercise price obligations arising in connection with the exercise of stock options
under the LTIP, the plan administrator may, in its discretion, accept cash, wire transfer or check, ordinary shares that meet
specified conditions, a promissory note, a "market sell order," such other consideration as the plan administrator
deems suitable or any combination of the foregoing. 

 Material
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences 

 The
following summary is based on an analysis of the Code as currently in effect, judicial decisions, administrative rulings, regulations
and proposed regulations, all of which are subject to change. Moreover, the following is only a summary of United States federal
income tax consequences. Actual tax consequences to participants may be either more or less favorable than those described below
depending on the participant's particular circumstances. 

 ISO.
 No income will be recognized by a participant for federal income tax purposes upon the grant or exercise of an ISO. The basis
of shares transferred to a participant upon exercise of an ISO is the price paid for the shares. If the participant holds the
shares for at least one year after the transfer of the shares to the participant and two years after the grant of the option,
the participant will recognize capital gain or loss upon sale of the shares received upon exercise equal to the difference between
the amount realized on the sale and the basis of the stock. Generally, if the shares are not held for that period, the participant
will recognize ordinary income upon disposition in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares on the
date of exercise over the amount paid for the shares, or if less, the gain on disposition. Any additional gain realized by the
participant upon the disposition will be a capital gain. The excess of the fair market value of shares received upon the exercise
of an ISO over the option price for the shares is generally an item of adjustment for the participant for purposes of the alternative
minimum tax. Therefore, although no income is recognized upon exercise of an ISO, a participant may be subject to alternative
minimum tax as a result of the exercise. 

 151 

 NSOs.
 No income is expected to be recognized by a participant for federal income tax purposes upon the grant of an NSO. Upon exercise
of an NSO, the participant will recognize ordinary income in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares
on the date of exercise over the amount paid for the shares. Income recognized upon the exercise of an NSO will be considered
compensation subject to withholding at the time the income is recognized, and, therefore, the participant's employer must
make the necessary arrangements with the participant to ensure that the amount of the tax required to be withheld is available
for payment. NSOs are designed to provide the employer with a deduction equal to the amount of ordinary income recognized by the
participant at the time of the recognition by the participant, subject to the deduction limitations described below. 

 SARs.
 There is expected to be no federal income tax consequences to either the participant or the employer upon the grant of SARs.
Generally, the participant will recognize ordinary income subject to withholding upon the receipt of payment pursuant to SARs
in an amount equal to the aggregate amount of cash and the fair market value of any common stock received. Subject to the deduction
limitations described below, the employer generally will be entitled to a corresponding tax deduction equal to the amount includible
in the participant's income. 

 Restricted
Stock. If the restrictions on an award of shares of restricted stock are of a nature that the shares are both subject to a
substantial risk of forfeiture and are not freely transferable (within the meaning of Section 83 of the Code), a U.S. resident
participant will not recognize income for federal income tax purposes at the time of the award unless the participant affirmatively
elects to include the fair market value of the shares of restricted stock on the date of the award, less any amount paid for the
shares, in gross income for the year of the award pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code. In the absence of this election, the
participant will be required to include in income for federal income tax purposes on the date the shares either become freely
transferable or are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture (within the meaning of Section 83 of the Code), the
fair market value of the shares of restricted stock on such date, less any amount paid for the shares. The employer will be entitled
to a deduction at the time of income recognition to the participant in an amount equal to the amount the participant is required
to include in income with respect to the shares, subject to the deduction limitations described below. If a Section 83(b) election
is made by U.S. participants within 30 days after the date the restricted stock is received, the participant will recognize ordinary
income at the time of the receipt of the restricted stock, and the employer will be entitled to a corresponding deduction, equal
to the fair market value of the shares at the time, less the amount paid, if any, by the participant for the restricted stock.
If a Section 83(b) election is made, no additional income will be recognized by the U.S. participant upon the lapse of restrictions
on the restricted stock, but, if the restricted stock is subsequently forfeited, the U.S. participant may not deduct the income
that was recognized pursuant to the Section 83(b) election at the time of the receipt of the restricted stock. 

 Dividends
paid to a participant holding restricted stock before the expiration of the restriction period will be additional compensation
taxable as ordinary income to the participant subject to withholding, unless the participant is a U.S. resident who made an election
under Section 83(b). Subject to the deduction limitations described below, the employer generally will be entitled to a corresponding
tax deduction equal to the dividends includible in the participant's income as compensation. If the participant has made
a Section 83(b) election, the dividends will be dividend income, rather than additional compensation, to the participant. 

 152 

 If
the restrictions on an award of restricted stock are not of a nature that the shares are both subject to a substantial risk of
forfeiture and not freely transferable, within the meaning of Section 83 of the Code, the participant will recognize ordinary
income for federal income tax purposes at the time of the transfer of the shares in an amount equal to the fair market value of
the shares of restricted stock on the date of the transfer, less any amount paid therefore. The employer will be entitled to a
deduction at that time in an amount equal to the amount the participant is required to include in income with respect to the shares,
subject to the deduction limitations described below. 

 RSUs.
 There will be no federal income tax consequences to either the participant or the employer upon the grant of RSUs. Generally,
the participant will recognize ordinary income subject to withholding upon the receipt of cash and RSUs in an amount equal to
the aggregate of the cash received and the fair market value of the common stock so transferred. Subject to the deduction limitations
described below, the employer generally will be entitled to a corresponding tax deduction equal to the amount includible in the
participant's income. 

 Generally,
a participant will recognize ordinary income subject to withholding upon the payment of any dividend equivalents paid with respect
to an award in an amount equal to the cash the participant receives. Subject to the deduction limitations described below, the
employer generally will be entitled to a corresponding tax deduction equal to the amount includible in the participant's
income. 

 Limitations
on the Employer's Compensation Deduction. Section 162(m) of the Code limits the deduction certain highly paid executives
of the employer to the extent the compensation paid to such an officer for the year exceeds $1 million. 

 Excess
Parachute Payments. Section 280G of the Code limits the deduction that the employer may take for otherwise deductible compensation
payable to certain individuals if the compensation constitutes an "excess parachute payment." Excess parachute payments
arise from payments made to disqualified individuals that are in the nature of compensation and are contingent on changes in ownership
or control of the employer or certain affiliates. Accelerated vesting or payment of awards under the LTIP upon a change in ownership
or control of the employer or its affiliates could result in excess parachute payments. In addition to the deduction limitation
applicable to the employer, a disqualified individual receiving an excess parachute payment is subject to a 20% excise tax on
the amount thereof. 

 Application
of Section 409A of the Code. Section 409A of the Code imposes an additional 20% tax and interest on an individual receiving
non-qualified deferred compensation under a plan that fails to satisfy certain requirements. For purposes of Section 409A, "non-qualified
deferred compensation" includes equity-based incentive programs, including some stock options, SARs and RSU programs. Generally
speaking, Section 409A does not apply to ISOs, non-discounted NSOs and appreciation rights if no deferral is provided beyond exercise,
or restricted stock. 

 The
awards made pursuant to the LTIP are expected to be designed in a manner intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A
of the Code to the extent the awards granted under the LTIP are not exempt from coverage. However, if the LTIP fails to comply
with Section 409A in operation, a participant could be subject to the additional taxes and interest. 

 State
and local tax consequences may in some cases differ from the federal tax consequences. The foregoing summary of the income tax
consequences in respect of the LTIP is for general information only. Interested parties should consult their own advisors as to
specific tax consequences of their awards. 

 The
LTIP is not subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and is not intended to be qualified under
Section 401(a) of the Code. 

 153 

 Plan
Benefits 

 The
benefits or amounts that may be received or allocated to participants under the LTIP will be determined at the discretion of the
plan administrator and are not currently determinable. 

 Vote
Required for Approval 

 The
approval of the Incentive Plan Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast in person or by proxy
and entitled to vote thereon at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, assuming that a quorum is present. Broker "non-votes"
and abstentions will have no effect with respect to the approval of this proposal. 

 Recommendation
of the Board of Directors 

 OUR
BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT OUR SHAREHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" THE APPROVAL OF THE INCENTIVE PLAN PROPOSAL. 

 154 

 THE
ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL 

 The
Adjournment Proposal, if adopted, will approve the chairman's adjournment of the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting
to a later date to permit further solicitation of proxies. The Adjournment Proposal will only be presented to our shareholders
in the event, based on the tabulated votes, there are not sufficient votes at the time of the special meeting in lieu of an annual
meeting to approve the Business Combination Proposal, the Director Election Proposal, the NASDAQ Proposal or the Incentive
Plan Proposal. The Adjournment Proposal does not require the approval of any other proposal to be effective. 

 Consequences
if the Adjournment Proposal is Not Approved 

 If
the Adjournment Proposal is not approved by NESR shareholders, the Board of Directors may not be able to adjourn the special meeting
in lieu of an annual meeting to a later date in the event that there are insufficient votes for, or otherwise in connection with,
the approval of the Business Combination Proposal, the Director Election Proposal, the NASDAQ Proposal or the Incentive Plan Proposal. 

 Vote
Required for Approval 

 Adoption
of the Adjournment Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast in person or by proxy and entitled to
vote thereon at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, assuming that a quorum is present. Broker "non-votes"
and abstentions will have no effect with respect to the approval of this proposal. 

 Recommendation
of the Board of Directors 

 OUR
BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT OUR SHAREHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" APPROVAL OF THE ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL. 

 155 

 INFORMATION
ABOUT NESR 

 General 

 We
are a blank check company formed in the British Virgin Islands on January 23, 2017 as a business company with limited liability.
This means that our shareholders have no additional liability for our liabilities over and above the amount paid for their shares.
We were formed for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation with, purchasing
all or substantially all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements with, or engaging in any other similar Business
Combination, with one or more businesses or entities which we refer to throughout this proxy statement as the Business Combination.
To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities, activities related to our IPO, and activities related to
the Business Combination. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business have not been limited to a particular industry
or geographic region, although we have focused our search on target businesses and assets in the energy services industry, with
an emphasis on oil and gas services globally (with an initial focus on North America, Europe, Asia and Africa). Our management
believes this area of focus represents a favorable and highly fragmented market opportunity to consummate a Business Combination. 

 As
of the date of this proxy statement, the Company had not yet commenced operations. All activity through the date hereof has related
to the Company's formation, its IPO, which is described below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination. 

 The
registration statement for the Company's IPO was declared effective on May 11, 2017. On May 17, 2017, the Company consummated
its IPO, issuing 21,000,000 units and generating gross proceeds of $210,000,000. 

 Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of 11,850,000 private warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant in
a private placement to the Company's sponsor, NESR Holdings Ltd., generating gross proceeds of $5,925,000. 

 Following
the closing of the IPO on May 17, 2017, an amount of $210,000,000 ($10.00 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units
in the IPO and the Private Warrants was placed in a trust account. Funds in the trust account must be invested in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment
Company Act"), with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money
market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment
Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution
of the Trust Account, as described below. 

 On
May 30, 2017, in connection with the underwriters' election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, the Company
consummated the sale of an additional 1,921,700 units at a price of $10.00 per unit and the sale of an additional 768,680 private
warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant, generating total gross proceeds of $19,601,340. Following the closing, an additional
$19,217,000 of net proceeds ($10.00 per unit) was placed in the trust account, resulting in a total of $229,217,000 ($10.00 per
unit) being held in the trust account. 

 Transaction
costs related to the IPO amounted to $13,761,498, consisting of $4,014,340 of underwriting fees, $9,032,265 ($7,025,095 in cash
and 200,717 ordinary shares) of deferred underwriting fees and $714,893 of IPO costs. As of September 30, 2017, $1,244,689 of
cash was held outside of the trust account and was available for working capital purposes. 

 156 

 The
Company's management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its IPO and sale
of private warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a
Business Combination. The Company's initial Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together
have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriting fees and
taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the signing of an agreement to enter into a Business Combination.
However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50% or
more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the
Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

 Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination 

 We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations until after the Business Combination is consummated. We
intend to effect the Business Combination using cash held in our trust account and funds from the Backstop Commitment. 

 Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination 

 Under
NASDAQ rules, an initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value
of at least 80% of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on
the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. The fair
market value of the target or targets will be determined by our Board of Directors based upon one or more standards generally
accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. Subject to this
requirement, our management has had virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target
businesses, although we were not permitted to effectuate our initial Business Combination with another blank check company or
a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we determined that we would only complete an initial Business Combination
in which we acquired 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or were otherwise not required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

 Redemption
Rights for Holders of Public Shares 

 We
are providing our public shareholders (excluding our Sponsor and certain lead investors in our IPO) with the opportunity to redeem
their public shares for cash equal to a pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest but net of taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, upon the consummation of the Business
Combination, subject to the limitations described herein. As of April 30, 2018, the amount in the trust account, net of
taxes payable, is approximately $10.10 per redeemable public share. Our Sponsor, lead investors, officers and directors
have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares and any public shares they may hold in connection
with the consummation of the Business Combination. Founder Shares are excluded from the pro rata calculation used to determine
the per-share redemption price. 

 157 

 Submission
of Our Initial Business Combination to a Shareholder Vote 

 We
are providing our public shareholders (excluding our Sponsor and certain lead investors in our IPO) with redemption rights upon
consummation of the Business Combination. Public shareholders electing to exercise their redemption rights will be entitled to
receive the cash amount specified above, provided that such shareholders follow the specific procedures for redemption set forth
in this proxy statement relating to the shareholder vote on a Business Combination. Unlike many other blank check companies, our
public shareholders are not required to affirmatively vote for or against the Business Combination in order to exercise their
redemption rights. This means that public shareholders who hold NESR ordinary shares on or before May 16, 2018 (two (2)
business days before the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting) may elect to redeem their shares whether or not they are
holders as of the record date, and whether or not they vote for the Business Combination Proposal. If the Business Combination
is not completed, then public shareholders electing to exercise their redemption rights will not be entitled to receive such payments.
Our Sponsor has agreed to vote any NESR ordinary shares owned by it in favor of the Business Combination. In addition, our Sponsor,
lead investors, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares and any
public shares they may hold in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination. 

 Limitation
on Redemption Rights 

 Notwithstanding
the foregoing, our amended Charter provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any
other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a "group" (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from seeking redemptions with respect to more than an aggregate of 20% of the shares sold in our IPO. 

 Employees 

 We
have two executive officers, neither of whom is paid a salary by us. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific
number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs. As suitable Target
Businesses to acquire have been located, management has been spending more time investigating such Target Businesses and negotiating
and processing the Business Combination (and consequently has been spending more time on our affairs) than had been spent prior
to locating a suitable target business. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation of the Business
Combination. 

 Legal
Proceedings 

 There
is no material litigation, arbitration, governmental proceeding or any other legal proceeding currently pending or known to be
contemplated against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, or against any of our property. 

 158 

 Management 

 Directors
and Executive Officers 

 Our
directors and executive officers are as follows: 

 Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Sherif
 Foda 
 48 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

 Thomas
 Wood 
 60 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and a Director 
 
 Antonio
 J. Campo Mejia 
 60 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Hala
 Zeibak 
 37 
 Independent
 Director 

 Sherif
Foda has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman since our inception. He has more than 24 years of professional
experience in the oil and gas industry working for Schlumberger Limited (NYSE: SLB) ("Schlumberger") around the world,
particularly in the Middle East, Europe and the US. From June 2016 to January 2018, he served as Senior Advisor to the Chairman
of Schlumberger. From July 2013 through June 2016, he has served as an officer and the President of the Production Group of Schlumberger.
From June 2011 to June 2013, he served as the President of Schlumberger Europe and Africa. From June 2009 to June 2011, he served
as Schlumberger's Vice President and Managing Director of the Arabian market: Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Bahrain. From July
2007 to May 2009, he served as Schlumberger's Worldwide Vice President for Well Intervention. From 2005 to 2007, he was
Schlumberger's Vice President for Europe, Caspian and Africa. From 2002 to 2005, he served as the Managing Director of Schlumberger
in Oman. In 2001, he served as Schlumberger's Operations Manager for UAE, Qatar, Yemen and the Arabian Gulf. He started
his career in 1993 with Schlumberger, working on the offshore fields in the Red Sea, then transferred to Germany for two years,
then served as the general manager of operations in Eastern Europe countries (mainly Poland, Lithuania, Romania and Hungary).
Prior to working in the oil and gas industry, he worked in the information technology and computer industry for two years in Egypt.
He graduated in 1991 from Ain Shams University in Cairo, Faculty of Engineering, and he holds a BSc double major in Electronics
and Automatic control. Mr. Foda is a board member of Energy Recovery, Inc. (NASDAQ: ERII), a technology company based in California.
Also, he serves on the board of Trustees of Awty International School in Houston, and is a board member for Al Fanar Venture philanthropy
in London. 

 We
believe that Mr. Foda is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive experience in the oil and gas industry
including approximately 24 years with Schlumberger and his extensive oil field services industry experience throughout the MENA
region and globally and as an executive and board member. 

 Thomas
Wood has served as a director since our inception and has served as our Chief Financial Officer from inception until October
2017 and from November 29, 2017 until the present. He is an entrepreneur with over 35 years of experience in establishing and
growing public and private companies that provide or use oil and gas contract drilling services. Since December 1990, he has served
as the Chief Executive Officer of Round Up Resource Service Inc., a private investment company. Mr. Wood founded Xtreme Drilling
Corp. (TSX:XDC), an onshore drilling and coil tubing technology company, in May 2005 and served as its Executive Chairman until
May 2011 and its Chief Executive Officer and Director from May 2011 through August 2016. He is the founder of Savanna Energy Services
Corp. (TSE: SVY), a North American energy services provider, where he served as the Chairman from 2001 to March 2005. He also
served as Director at various companies engaged in the exploration and production of junior oil and gas, including Wrangler West
Energy Corp. from April 2001 to 2014; New Syrus Capital Corporation from 1998 to 2001 and Player Petroleum Corporation from 1997
to 2001. In addition, Mr. Wood served as the President, Drilling and Wellbore Service, of Plains Energy Services Ltd. from 1997
to 2000 and Wrangler Pressure Control from 1998 to 2001. He served as the President of Round-Up Well Servicing Inc. from 1988
to 1997 and Vice President of Shelby Drilling from 1981 to 1987. Mr. Wood holds a BA in Economics from University of Calgary. 

 We
believe that Mr. Wood is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive experience in the oil and gas industry,
his experience as an entrepreneur and building public companies and high growth organizations. 

 159 

 Antonio
J. Campo Mejia , who has been an independent director since May 12, 2017, has been a non-executive director of the Supervisory
Board of Fugro N.V. (Euronext: FUR), a company providing geotechnical, survey, subsea and geosciences services, since 2014 and
Vice-Chairman of Basin Holdings, a global holding company focused on providing products and services to energy and industrial
customers since 2012. From 2012 to 2013, Mr. Campo Mejia served as non-executive director at Integra Group, an oilfield services
company mainly active in Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States, and served as its Chief Executive Officer from 2009
to 2012. Mr. Campo Mejia also served as non-executive director at Basin Supply LP, Basin Tools LP and Basin Energy Services LP
from 2009 to 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Campo Mejia spent 28 years of his professional career at Schlumberger, the world's
leading oilfield services company in a multitude of senior management positions in different parts of the world. Mr. Campo Mejia
served as the President of Latin America for Oilfield Services of Schlumberger from 2006 to 2008. Mr. Campo Mejia served as President
of Europe & Africa, Schlumberger Oilfield Services from 2003 to 2006. From 2000 to 2006, he was the President of Schlumberger's
Integrated Project Management business responsible for the worldwide operations in this service line. From 1999 to 2000, Mr. Campo
Mejia served as Schlumberger's Director of Personnel for the Reservoir Management Group in Houston, Texas. From 1997 to
1999, he was Schlumberger's Vice President of Oilfield Services Latin America South managing a full range of services in
the region. In his career prior to 1997, Mr. Campo Mejia held a number of senior management and technical positions in Schlumberger's
wireline business. Mr. Campo Mejia received his bachelor's degree in Electronic Engineering from Pontificia Universidad
Javeriana in 1980. 

 We
believe that Mr. Campo Mejia is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive experience in the oil and
gas industry and his experience as an executive in oilfield services and board member of multinational companies. 

 Hala
Zeibak , who has been an independent director since May 12, 2017, is director of investments at Olayan Europe Limited,
the investment advisory arm of The Olayan Group for the United Kingdom, Europe and Asia. The Olayan Group is a private multinational
enterprise with a managed portfolio of international investments and diverse commercial and industrial operations in the Middle
East. Ms. Zeibak joined The Olayan Group in July 2005 and initially worked at Olayan America in New York. She transferred to Olayan
Europe in London in January 2011. Ms. Zeibak's focus is on public and private equity investments primarily in the energy
and affiliated sectors, including oil, gas, power, commodities and industrials. She is a member of the Oxford Energy Policy Club.
Ms. Zeibak received a BA in Economics from Tufts University in 2003, graduating Summa Cum Laude with membership in the Phi Beta
Kappa Society. She went on to earn a master's degree in 2005 from the Fletcher School of Law & Diplomacy at Tufts. Her
concentration was international finance and trade. 

 We
believe that Ms. Zeibak is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of her extensive experience in the investment
community and with diverse industries and multinational operations including MENA. 

 160 

 Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

 We
are managed under the direction of our Board of Directors, which currently consists of four directors. Our Board of Directors
is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors
appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a two-year term. The term of office of the first class of
directors, consisting of Mr. Campo Mejia and Ms. Zeibak, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of
office of the second class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Foda and Wood, will expire at the second annual meeting of shareholders. 

 Officers
are appointed by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the board, rather than for specific terms of office. 

 Shareholder
Communications 

 Shareholders
who wish to communicate directly with our Board of Directors, or any individual director, should direct questions in writing to
our Corporate Secretary, National Energy Services Reunited Corp., 777 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 730, Houston, Texas 77056. The mailing
envelope must contain a clear notation indicating that the enclosed letter is a "Board Communication" or "Director
Communication." All such letters must identify the author and clearly state whether the intended recipients are all members
of the Board of Directors or just certain specified individual directors. The Corporate Secretary will make copies of all such
letters and circulate them to the appropriate director or directors. 

 Director
Independence 

 NASDAQ
listing standards require that a majority of our Board of Directors be independent as long as we are not a controlled company.
An "independent director" is defined under the NASDAQ rules generally as a person other than an officer or employee
of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company's Board
of Directors, would interfere with the director's exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. Our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Campo and Ms. Zeibak are "independent directors" as
defined in the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings
at which only independent directors are present. 

 Leadership
Structure and Risk Oversight 

 The
Board of Directors believes that prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, the most effective leadership structure
is for Mr. Foda to continue to serve as our chief executive officer and chairman of our Board of Directors. Mr. Foda has an extensive
experience in the oil and gas industry. By having Mr. Foda serve as the Chief Executive Officer and as Chairman of the Board,
the Board of Directors believes that it enables Mr. Foda to ensure that the Board of Directors' agenda responds to strategic
challenges, that the Board of Directors is presented with information required for it to fulfill its responsibilities, and that
Board of Directors meetings are as productive and effective as possible. The Board of Directors does not have a lead independent
director. Upon consummation of the Business Combination, Mr. Sherif Foda will continue to serve as our Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of the Board. See "Management After the Business Combination." 

 The
Board of Directors' oversight of risk is administered directly through the Board of Directors, as a whole, or through its
audit committee. Various reports and presentations regarding risk management are presented to the Board of Directors including
the procedures that the Company has adopted to identify and manage risk. The audit committee addresses risks that fall within
the committee's area of responsibility. For example, the audit committee is responsible for overseeing the quality and objectivity
of the Company's financial statements and the independent audit thereof. The audit committee reserves time at each of its
meetings to meet with the Company's independent registered public accounting firm outside of the presence of the Company's
management. 

 161 

 Board
of Directors and Committees 

 During
the period from January 23, 2017 (inception) to March 31, 2018, our Board of Directors agreed on 44 actions
by meetings or by consent and our audit committee held 4 meetings. The Company does not have a policy regarding director attendance
at annual meetings but encourages the directors to attend if possible. 

 Audit
Committee 

 We
have established an audit committee of the Board of Directors. Mr. Campo Mejia, Ms. Zeibak and Mr. Wood currently serve as members
of our audit committee. Mr. Campo Mejia serves as chairman of the audit committee. Under the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable
SEC rules, subject to certain exceptions, we are required to have three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent.
Mr. Campo Mejia and Ms. Zeibak are each independent under applicable NASDAQ and SEC rules. 

 Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Campo Mejia qualifies
as an "audit committee financial expert" as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

 Responsibilities
of the audit committee include: 

 &#9679; 
 reviewing
 and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the
 Board of Directors whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; 

 &#9679; 
 reviewing
 and discussing with management and our independent auditor our quarterly financial statements prior to the filing of our Form
 10-Qs, including the results of the independent auditor's review of the quarterly financial statements; 

 &#9679; 
 discussing
 with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the
 preparation of our financial statements; 

 &#9679; 
 discussing
 with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

 &#9679; 
 monitoring
 the independence of the independent auditor; 

 &#9679; 
 verifying
 the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner
 responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

 &#9679; 
 reviewing
 and approving all related-party transactions; 

 &#9679; 
 inquiring
 and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

 &#9679; 
 pre-approving
 all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms
 of the services to be performed; 

 162 

 &#9679; 
 appointing
 or replacing the independent auditor; 

 &#9679; 
 determining
 the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management
 and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related
 work; 

 &#9679; 
 establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting
 controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

 &#9679; 
 approving
 reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 

 Compensation
Committee 

 The
Board of Directors has formed a compensation committee of the Board of Directors. The current members of our Compensation Committee
are Mr. Campo Mejia, Ms. Zeibak, and Mr. Wood. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions
of the compensation committee, including: 

 &#9679; 
 reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer's compensation,
 evaluating our Chief Executive Officer's performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving
 the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer's based on such evaluation; 

 &#9679; 
 reviewing
 and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

 &#9679; 
 reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

 &#9679; 
 implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

 &#9679; 
 assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

 &#9679; 
 approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers
 and employees; 

 &#9679; 
 if
 required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

 &#9679; 
 reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

 The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation
consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of
the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel
or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required
by NASDAQ and the SEC. 

 163 

 Nominating
Committee 

 The
Board of Directors has formed a nominating committee of the Board of Directors. The current members of our nominating committee
are Mr. Campo Mejia and Ms. Zeibak, each of whom is an independent director. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing
the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our Board of Directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified
by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

 Guidelines
for Selecting Director Nominees 

 The
guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in our Nominating Committee charter, generally provide that persons to
be nominated: 

 &#9679; 
 should
 have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

 &#9679; 
 should
 possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the Board of Directors
 and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

 &#9679; 
 should
 have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of our
 shareholders. 

 The
nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background, integrity
and professionalism in evaluating a person's candidacy for membership on the Board of Directors. The nominating committee
may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise
from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of
board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

 Code
of Conduct and Ethics 

 We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. Copies of our Code of Ethics and our audit
committee and compensation committee charters are available, without charge, upon request from us. 

 Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

 Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of any publicly
traded class of our equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership of equity securities of the Company
with the SEC. Officers, directors, and greater-than-ten-percent shareholders are required by the SEC's regulations to furnish
the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file. Based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and Forms 4 furnished
since the effective date of our IPO, we believe that all such forms required to be filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act were timely filed, as necessary, by the officers, directors, and security holders required to file the same. 

 164 

 Executive
Compensation 

 Prior
to the Business Combination, our Chief Executive Officer did not receive compensation for services rendered to the Company. Our
executive officers will receive and have received reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection
with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable
target businesses, including NPS and GES as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective
target businesses to examine their operations. 

 Following
the consummation of the Business Combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management
or other fees from the combined company. It is unlikely that the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the
shareholder meeting to be held to consider the Business Combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination
business to determine executive and director compensation. Such compensation will be publicly disclosed to the extent required
by the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

 Sherif
Foda in his capacity as CEO shall not participate in the incentive stock compensation plan for employees during 2018. The Compensation
Committee will set compensation after the Business Combination. 

 Audit
Fees 

 The
firm of Marcum LLP has acted as our independent registered public accounting firm. 

 The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

 Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements
and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for
professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included
in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the period from January 23, 2017 (inception)
through December 31, 2017 totaled $54,065. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance
at audit committee meetings. 

 Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under "Audit Fees." These services include
attestation services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and
reporting standards. We paid Marcum $29,913 for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the
period from January 23, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017. 

 Tax
Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax preparation or other compliance services for the period from January 23, 2017 (inception)
through December 31, 2017. 

 All
Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the period from January 23, 2017 (inception) through December 31,
2017. 

 165 

 Pre-Approval
Policy 

 Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing
services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our Board of Directors.
Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing
services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior
to the completion of the audit). 

 166 

 NESR
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Forward-Looking
Statements 

 The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes of NESR included
elsewhere in this proxy statement. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations, estimates
and assumptions concerning events and financial trends that may affect our future operating results or financial position. Actual
results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number
of factors, including those discussed in the sections entitled "Risk Factors" and "Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements." 

 References
in this section to the "Company," "us" or "we" refer to National Energy Services Reunited
Corp. 

 Overview 

 We
are a blank check company incorporated on January 23, 2017 in the British Virgin Islands and formed for the purpose of entering
into a Business Combination with one or more target businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from
the proceeds of our IPO and the sale of Private Warrants that occurred simultaneously with the completion of our IPO, the issuance
of our securities, the incurrence of debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt. 

 The
issuance of additional ordinary shares or preferred stock: 

 &#9679; 
 may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of our investors who would not have pre-emption rights in respect of any such issuance; 

 &#9679; 
 may
 subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if we issue preferred shares with rights senior to those afforded to
 our ordinary shares; 

 &#9679; 
 could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of our ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things,
 our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and most likely will also result in the resignation or removal
 of our present officers and directors; and 

 &#9679; 
 may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our securities. 

 167 

 Similarly,
if we issue debt securities, it could result in: 

 &#9679; 
 default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after our Business Combination are insufficient to pay our debt obligations; 

 &#9679; 
 acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we have made all principal and interest payments when due if the debt
 security contains covenants that required the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves and we breach any such covenant
 without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

 &#9679; 
 our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and 

 &#9679; 
 our
 inability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to
 obtain additional financing while such security is outstanding. 

 We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to
raise capital or to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

 Recent
Developments 

 On
November 12, 2017, we announced that we had entered into definitive agreements to acquire GES and NPS, leading regional oilfield
services companies offering a mix of drilling, completion and production services and equipment in the MENA and Asia Pacific regions.
Following closing, our primary operating locations will be in Dammam, Saudi Arabia, Muscat, Oman and Dubai, UAE with local headquarters
in Houston, Texas. We will employ more than 3,000 people in more than a dozen countries across the region. The transaction is
subject to shareholder approval and other customary closing conditions. See our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
on November 13, 2017 for further information. 

 Results
of Operations 

 We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from January 23, 2017 (inception)
through December 31, 2017 were organizational activities and those necessary to consummate the IPO, described below, identifying
a target company for a business combination and activities in connection with the proposed business combination. We do not expect
to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business combination. We expect to generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income on cash and marketable securities held after the IPO. We expect to incur increased expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due
diligence expenses. 

 For
the period from January 23, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017, we had net loss of $2,864,031 consisting of operating
costs of $4,214,790 and an unrealized loss on marketable securities held in our trust account of $2,800, offset by interest income
on marketable securities held in our trust account of $1,339,824, interest income on our operating account of $3,699 and the change
in the fair value of the deferred underwriting fee liability of $10,036. 

 Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

 On
May 17, 2017, we consummated our IPO issuing 21,000,000 Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit and generating gross proceeds of $210,000,000.
Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 11,850,000 Private Warrants to our Sponsor at a price of
$0.50 per warrant, generating gross proceeds of $5,925,000. 

 168 

 On
May 30, 2017, in connection with the underwriters' partial exercise of their over-allotment option, we consummated the sale
of an additional 1,921,700 Units and the sale of an additional 768,680 Private Warrants, generating total gross proceeds of $19,601,340. 

 Following
the IPO and the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, a total of $229,217,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred
$13,761,498 in IPO costs, including $4,014,340 of underwriting fees, $9,032,265 ($7,025,095 in cash and 200,717 ordinary shares
valued at $2,000,717) of deferred underwriting fees and $714,893 of IPO costs. 

 As
of December 31, 2017, we had marketable securities held in the trust account of $230,554,024, substantially all of which is invested
in U.S. treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less. Interest income earned on the balance in the Trust Account may be
available to us to pay taxes. Since inception, we have not withdrawn interest income from the Trust Account. 

 As
of December 31, 2017, we had cash of $741,096 held outside the trust account, which is available for use by us to cover the costs
associated with identifying a target business, negotiating a business combination, due diligence procedures and other general
corporate uses. In addition, as of December 31, 2017, we had accounts payable and accrued expenses of $3,473,511. We have entered
into a fee arrangement with a service provider pursuant to which certain fees incurred by us in connection with a potential business
combination will be deferred and become payable only if we consummate a business combination. If a business combination does not
occur, we will not be required to pay these contingent fees. As of December 31, 2017, the amount of these contingent fees was
approximately $1,382,000. To the extent a business combination is consummated, we anticipate incurring a significant amount of
additional costs. There can be no assurances that we will complete any business combination. 

 For
the period from January 23, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017, cash used in operating activities amounted to $865,000,
mainly resulting from net loss of $2,864,031, interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of $1,339,824
and the change in the fair value of the deferred underwriting fee liability of $10,036, offset by an unrealized loss on marketable
securities held in the trust account of $2,800. Changes in our operating assets and liabilities provided cash of $3,346,091. 

 We
intend to use substantially all of the net proceeds of the IPO, including the funds held in the Trust Account to effect our initial
business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be
used as working capital. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target
businesses operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such
funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses which we had incurred prior to the completion of our initial business
combination if the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. 

 We
intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business
due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target
businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses,
and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. 

 In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or certain of our officers, directors
and affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would
repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that a Business Combination does
not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds
from our Trust Account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into Private
Warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $0.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The terms of such
loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

 169 

 As
of December 31, 2017, we had $741,096 in cash and a working capital deficit of $2,605,984. We have not generated operating revenues,
nor do we expect to generate operating revenues until the consummation of an initial business combination. Our Sponsor or certain
of our officers and directors are not under any obligation to advance us funds, or to invest in us. Accordingly, we may not be
able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures
to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of
a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available
to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a
going concern. 

 Off-balance
sheet financing arrangements 

 We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in
transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest
entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered
into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments
of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

 Contractual
obligations 

 We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an
agreement to pay the Sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, utilities and administrative support provided to the Company.
We began incurring these fees on May 17, 2017 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion
of the Business Combination and the Company's liquidation. 

 Critical
Accounting Policies 

 The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ
from those estimates. The Company has identified the following critical accounting policy: 

 Ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption 

 We
account for our ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification
("ASC") Topic 480 "Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity." Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption
(if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including
ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon
the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary
shares are classified as shareholders' equity. Our ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered
to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2017, ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders' equity section of
our balance sheet. 

 Recent
accounting pronouncements 

 Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have
a material effect on the Company's financial statements. 

 Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

 All
activity from January 23, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017 relates to our formation, the preparation for our IPO and
identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We did not have any financial instruments that were exposed to market
risks at December 31, 2017. 

 170 

 Controls
and Procedures 

 Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

 Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2017.
Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2017,
our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 

 Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 During
the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 171 

 INFORMATION
ABOUT NPS GROUP 

 Unless
otherwise stated, references in this section to "NPS Group," "we," "us" or "our"
generally refer to NPS and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

 BUSINESS 

 Key
Details of the Company 

 We
are a leading regional provider of integrated energy services in the MENA and Asia Pacific regions, with a breadth of services
and geographical coverage. Our service and equipment offerings are primarily provided in the MENA region, through our network
of 20 subsidiaries and branches. We provide industry-leading completion services, whilst focusing on maintaining high health,
safety and environmental stewardship as well as cost-effective and customer-oriented solutions. We pride ourselves on exceptional
employee culture, efficiency of operations and our capability to meet and surpass the expectations of our customers. 

 Our
key service offerings are Well Services & Intervention, Testing, Wireline Logging and Drilling & Workover, with some of
the highest quality and safety standards in the industry. We pride ourselves on being recognized for both product quality and
service deliverability and being widely engaged by leading operators within the region. Our range of services have been designed
to enhance our customer offering and as such we have created long-standing relationships with major customers on account of both
our excellence in service execution and competitive pricing structure. 

 We
believe the demand for our services will increase further in the future, through a number of industry developments beneficial
to NPS. While drilling and completions activities have improved along with oil prices increasing from their lows in early 2016
of $26.21 per barrel (based on WTI spot price), we believe that our long-term growth will be driven by the following factors: 

 &#9679; 
 Increases
 in customer drilling budgets, focused in our core service areas, combined with an expected increase in rig count in the MENA
 region; 

 &#9679; 
 Expanding
 our service offerings in both existing geographies as well gaining footprint in new geographies; 

 &#9679; 
 Focusing
 on unique service offerings, including offshore and gas-wells, allowing us to distinguish ourselves from competitors; and 

 &#9679; 
 Growing
 our higher technology and higher margin, wireline logging and testing services. 

 History
of NPS 

 NPS
was incorporated in 2007 in Bahrain, following the merger of: 

 &#9679; 
 National
 Oil Well Maintenance Company ("NOWMCO"): a Qatari well services company established in 1989 by the Al-Dolaimi
 family and which specialized in oil and gas well services, 

 &#9679; 
 National
 Drilling Company ("NDC"): a Saudi company established in 1978 by the Al Sanie family with experience in drilling
 and workover of oil, gas and water wells; and 

 &#9679; 
 National
 Petroleum Technology Company ("NPT"): a Saudi company specializing in logging services established in 1998 by
 the Al Sanie family. 

 172 

 The
merger of these three companies created an integrated pan-MENA energy services player. 

 In
2014, a group of institutional investors signed an agreement to acquire NPS. These investors were APICORP, Al Nowais Investments
LLC, Fajr Capital and Waha Capital with Al-Dolaimi and Bindekhayel remaining in the Company as minority shareholders. This change
of ownership helped to springboard a new platform for NPS to grow and thrive. 

 NPS
has demonstrated the ability to grow both organically and through opportunistic acquisitions. Between 2004 and 2010, we acquired
three companies and expanded into four new locations. In 2013, we set up a Joint Venture with Fahud Oil Services in Oman, which
allowed us to start participating in the Oman market. In 2017, we acquired PT Tiger Energy Services ROI (TESROI) in Indonesia
which is a leading provider of wireline logging services to geothermal companies with a part of its services extending to Oil
& Gas. The acquisition has given us access to local infrastructure and a local customer base as well as a track record of
experience to facilitate our growth in this new market 

 Our
leadership team places the highest priority on the health, safety, and wellbeing of our personnel, whilst being committed to protecting
our integrity, the environment, corporate assets, and stakeholder investment. We have established what we believe is an industry-leading,
completions-focused Company giving high priority to health, safety and environmental matters, employing an efficient cost structure,
creating a sophisticated supply chain and investing in best in class systems, technology and infrastructure to support our growth. 

 The
below figure shows the development timeline: 

 Market
Overview 

 Our
industry provides oilfield services to companies with operations in the MENA onshore and offshore oil and gas exploration and
production sector. Demand for our services is mainly led by our customers' operations and is linked to global oil price,
rig activity and other macroeconomic indicators. 

 173 

 Global
E&P Trends 

 Global
E&P spending decreased by around 25 percent in 2015, the largest annual drop, both in percentage and nominal terms. The decline
continued in 2016 with spending decreasing again by over 25 percent. This was the first time in over 30 years that E&P spending
decreased in two consecutive years. This reduction in spending is expected to affect both existing producing assets and future
supply. As a result of the downturn in oil prices, many projects have been deferred as they are not economically viable. Lower
oil prices have also caused E&P companies to seek discounts from service providers in an attempt to lower their costs and
break-even points, which in turn has led to lower margins for oilfield service companies. 

 While
oil prices remain low, we have noticed an increase in demand for oil in recent years with demand growth of 1.4% in 2016 and 1.7%
in 2017 with the demand for oil is expected to grow by 1.4% in 2018. Furthermore, it is expected production will rise in order
to meet current estimated demand, given recent supply depletion. As a result of diminishing oil reserves, we expect any increase
in activity to be weighted towards replacing old wells and implementing new technologies. 

 With
oil prices rising and with OPEC's recent decision to cut production, we expect that onshore spending will increase, as more
projects become economically viable. US shale focused companies have announced they are likely to increase spending and the onshore
rotary rig count in North America is expected to grow materially. By contrast offshore spending is expected to decrease by an
estimated 5% although this is subject to change. 

 Global
offshore oil production currently provides 28% of all global oil supply. Although this is a significant portion, the bulk of oil
production still comes from onshore activity. 

 The
Middle East has almost half of the world's proven oil reserves and accounts for almost a third of oil production, according
to the BP Statistical Review of World Energy. The region is split into three main areas: the Arabian Gulf, the Nile Delta Eastern
Mediterranean Basin / Levantine Basin and the Gulf of Suez. The Arabian Gulf leads both in terms of offshore production and rig
activity. The countries in the Arabian Gulf account for around 23% of global oil production and given the low break-even price,
it is a key region for oilfield service companies. 

 Drilling
Types and Environments 

 Onshore
drilling is the least complex form of drilling and occurs on land, whilst offshore drilling is typically more complex and provides
logistical challenges and innovative solutions. For shallow waters, jack-up rigs are used, whilst in deeper waters a floating
platform is usually utilized. NPS has operations in both onshore and offshore drilling. Offshore drilling provides higher margins
due to the added complexity of the work. Our strategy going forward is to further target offshore drilling in the MENA and South
East Asian regions. 

 Middle
East Activity 

 The
rig count in the Middle East has increased over the long term and although the number of active rigs has decreased, such decrease
has been less significant than in other regions. In 2016, the number of active jack-ups deployed in the Middle East was higher
than that in 2008, the only region to show such a trend. From 2009 to 2017 the number of jack-ups deployed increased by 22% according
to Clarksons Research, in comparison to the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and the UK continental shelf which over the same time period saw
over 90% and 45% reductions respectively. Currently there are around 106 rigs in the region, with the majority being standard
legacy jack-ups. Although day rates and utilization of rigs in the Middle East have decreased since 2014, the decrease has been
much less prominent than in other regions. 

 174 

 Most
oil and gas fields in the Middle East are legacy fields in shallow waters. These fields are typically drilling-intensive on account
of the need for redevelopment, enhanced oil recovery via stimulation and the drilling of new production wells. Furthermore, there
are a number of gas fields scheduled to be developed in the near-term future, which will require oilfield services. Countries
in the region have signaled strong future growth ambitions for both oil and gas. 

 Although
the region still has low break-even levels, it is expected that more complex offshore rigs will be developed in the future which
will have higher break-even prices. 

 Cyclical
Nature of Sector 

 Oilfield
services is a highly cyclical industry, being linked to the level of drilling activity by E&P companies which in turn is linked
to the oil price. Global supply and demand of oil have a significant impact on oilfield services activity, with reduced demand
from China and over supply severely affecting the industry. E&P companies tend to increase capital expenditure when the oil
price increases, which leads to higher profitability for oilfield service companies. However, increased capital expenditure usually
leads to an increase in production, which can lead to an oversupply of oil into the market, thus reducing oil prices and leading
to a new cycle of lower capital expenditure. As a result, our operations can fluctuate from quarter to quarter and thus it may
be difficult to compare results across periods. Given the low oil breakeven price in the MENA region, we believe that we are less
affected by oil price shocks than in other regions. 

 Seasonality 

 Weather
conditions affect the demand and price of oil and therefore the demand for our services. Demand for oil and gas is usually higher
in Q1 and Q4, leading to a higher oil price. Due to seasonal fluctuations it may not always be possible to draw conclusions on
yearly performance based on quarterly results. 

 Competition
in the Region 

 Due
to the MENA region being less sensitive to changes in global oil prices or spending, as discussed above, the region is a very
competitive environment where oilfield service companies want to protect and increase their market share. It is expected that
more IOCs will increase their operations in the region, thus making it a very attractive market for oilfield service providers.
NPS mainly competes with the global providers (Schlumberger, Halliburton, Weatherford and Baker Hughes) and regional providers
including Al Mansoori Specialized Engineering, SAPESCO and Oilserv. Given the wide reach of the Company's operations, NPS
is able to compete with both regional and multinational competitors. 

 NPS
has built a position as the largest regional provider in the market, with a sizeable fleet of equipment, a diverse customer base
and a strong footprint in the region. The Company is focused on providing innovative solutions to its customers, ensuring the
highest quality of service, which has resulted in long-standing relationships and growing revenues through repeat business. We
believe that this strategy has allowed us to increase our market share over a period of time and will continue to do so. 

 175 

 Our
Operations 

 List
of Subsidiaries 

 Name
 of the Entity 
 Principal
 field of Activity 
 Country
 of Registration 
 
 NPS
 Bahrain for Oil and Gas Well Services W.L.L. 
 Cementing
 and Pumping Services 
 Algeria 
 
 NPS
 Bahrain for Oil and Gas Wells Services W.L.L. - Erbil Branch 
 Oilfield
 Services 
 Iraq 
 
 National
 Petroleum Services Company Limited ("NPS-Saudi") 
 Holding
 Company 
 KSA 
 
 NPS
 Energy DMCC ("NPS Energy") 
 Oilfield
 Services 
 UAE 
 
 NPS
 Energy Holding W.L.L. 
 Holding
 Company 
 Bahrain 
 
 National
 Petroleum Technology Company 
 Maintenance
 of Oil Wells 
 KSA 
 
 National
 Wells Drilling Company 
 Contracting
 of Wells Drillings 
 KSA 
 
 Specialised
 Oil Well Maintenance L.L.C. 
 Maintenance
 of oil wells, oil field services, on-shore and off-shore oil and gas installation services 
 UAE 
 
 NOWMCO
 Petroleum Services L.L.C. 
 On-shore
 and off-shore oil and gas field equipment installation services, trading in oil and natural gas field equipment, spare parts
 and systems 
 UAE 
 
 National
 Gulf Petroleum Services (NGPS- Kuwait) 
 Drilling
 and maintenance of oil well services 
 Kuwait 
 
 National
 Oil Well Maintenance Company Limited 
 Oil
 well maintenance 
 India 
 
 NPS
 Energy Oilfield Supplies DMCC 
 Trading
 in oilfield equipment 
 UAE 
 
 TAAQAAT
 Professional Service DMCC 
 Engineering
 and project management consultancy to the oil and gas and energy sector 
 UAE 
 
 PT
 NPS Energy Indonesia 
 Oil
 and gas well maintenance services 
 Indonesia 

 176 

 NPS
 (B) Sdn Bhd 
 Provision
 of specialized technical bore hole measurement and associated services 
 Brunei 
 
 NPS
 Energy Bahrain W.L.L. 
 Oil
 and gas well drilling, equipment maintenance and repair; trading of petroleum equipment's 
 Bahrain 
 
 Fahud
 Energy Solutions L.L.C. 
 Petroleum
 and natural gas extraction services 
 Oman 
 
 PT
 Tiger Energy Services 
 Geothermal
 Wireline Services 
 Indonesia 
 
 NPS
 Energy Sdn Bhd 
 Oil
 & Gas Well Services 
 Malaysia 
 
 NPS
 Malaysia-Labuan 
 Oil
 & Gas Well Services 
 Malaysia 
 
 NPS
 Energy DMCC - Iraq 
 Oil
 & Gas Well Services 
 Iraq 
 
 National
 Oil Well Maintenance Company L.L.C. (NOWMCO Qatar) 
 Maintenance
 of oil and gas wells and related equipment 
 Qatar 
 
 National
 Petroleum Services L.L.C. ("NPS-Qatar") 
 Oil
 & Gas Well Services 
 Qatar 

 Geographies 

 NPS
is a regional company currently operating in 13 countries. NPS also has registered offices in Kuwait, Malaysia and Brunei which
have been opened in order to allow the company to qualify and bid for upcoming tenders within each country. 

 Our
key locations are described below. 

 Saudi
Arabia 

 NPS
has 2 operational bases in Saudi Arabia, in Dammam and Riyadh. 

 Dammam
Base: The 200,000 square-meters base is located 30km north of Dammam city on the outskirts of the Qatif area. The yard contains
support and management offices, a workshop, a warehouse, a training facility, accommodation quarters along with catering services,
recreational facilities and a huge black top area for equipment. 

 Riyadh
Base: The six-hectare Riyadh base is located about 60km west of the capital city of Riyadh. This base is used to facilitate Drilling
operations to various clients. The base accommodates about 100 people working for the Drilling division, with excellent operational
and recreational facilities provided to all staff members. 

 177 

 In
Saudi Arabia we offer our full suite of services including well services and intervention, drilling and workover services, wireline
logging services and testing services. 

 Qatar 

 The
30,000 square-meters NPS operations base facility is situated 80 kilometers west of the city of Doha in the Dukhan area. This
location serves both the onshore and offshore operations in Qatar. This base can accommodate 240 employees and is equipped with
a state of the art laboratory, maintenance workshop and warehouse for the storage of chemicals. The management, engineering and
support team office is located in Doha. 

 In
Qatar we offer coiled tubing, cementing, pumping and stimulation services. Our key clients are QP Qatar Petroleum, Occidental
Petroleum, Qatar Gas and Shell. 

 UAE 

 NPS
has two operational facilities in the UAE located in Hubshan and Mussafah. 

 The
44,000 square-meters base which is located in Hubshan has been operational since early 2010 and includes an office, recreation
room, staff accommodation quarters along with catering service, maintenance workshop, warehouse for chemicals and spare parts,
equipment washing bay and a 24 hours security with CCTV. 

 The
Mussafah facility is around 2500 m&sup2; and includes offices, a chemical laboratory, a storage area for chemicals and a designated
repair and maintenance area. 

 In
the UAE we offer coiled tubing, cementing, stimulation and well testing services. Our key clients are ADCO, ADMA-OPCO and ZADCO. 

 Iraq 

 NPS
has two operational bases located in Iraq, strategically positioned to serve clients in both the north and the south regions. 

 NPS's
operational base in the north of Iraq is located at Gaznah Road Ainkawa. This facility is situated on 33,746 square-meters
of land and is comprised of administration and operations offices, maintenance and engineering workshops, a chemical warehouse,
a bulk cement storage space and a chemical laboratory built to API standards. 

 The
20,000 m&sup2; operational base in the South of Iraq is located at Oil Operation Street, Al Barjessiyah. This base includes offices,
chemical storage, maintenance and engineering workshops, warehouses, a chemical laboratory, a pressure test bay and a wash bay.
Both the bases are monitored by surveillance systems and have been constructed to meet security requirements in Iraq. 

 In
Iraq we offer well services and intervention, testing services and wireline logging services. Our key clients are BP, Total, HKN
Energy, Gazprom and DNO. 

 178 

 Algeria 

 NPS
has 2 operational bases in Hassi Messaoud and in Amenas. 

 Hassi
Messaoud: The 20,700 square-meters base has an administrative building, a maintenance workshop, a chemicals storage area, a cement
bulk plant, a wash bay and a newly built cement and stimulation laboratory. 

 In
In-Amenas: 5000 square-meters base, which supports cementing operations and has offices and accommodation for the operational
staff. 

 In
Algeria we offer cementing, coiled tubing, pumping and testing services. Our key customers in Algeria are Sonatrach and WESP-Oil
Pro. 

 India 

 The
NPS base, which is located in Rajasthan, is currently used to perform jobs on our Cairn contract. This facility is equipped with
a state a of the art laboratory, a storage area for chemicals, offices and a staff house. 

 Indonesia 

 NPS
has a 1600 square-meters Wireline maintenance work shop in the Cikarang area, located on the outskirts of Jakarta. The 130 m&sup2;
support office is located close to most of the client offices in in Jakarta. 

 Libya 

 The
Operational Base located in the Gailo 59 area includes offices, a cement bulk plant, chemical storage, and staff accommodation.
The support office is located in the Ben Ashour area in Tripoli. 

 Services 

 Cementing 

 We
have over 25 years of experience in primary and remedial cementing services across the MENA and South East Asian regions. With
the introduction of new technologies and techniques, customers expect new approaches to be implemented. Exploring high pressure,
high temperature, deep gas potentials, whilst still having to comply with strict environmental regulations means there is a continuous
need to improve cementing systems and equipment design. 

 The
basis of cementing is to support and protect well casings and help achieve zonal isolation. Cementing is a critical process to
wells, as it improves safety and the profitability of wells. The process is to pump cement in a wellbore. It can be used to plug
an existing well for abandonment or to seal the annulus after a casing string has been run to prevent water penetration into the
well. The preparation of the cement is an important stage as it is different for each well, being dependent on the diameter of
the borehole as well as fluid viscosity and density which need to be determined based on the drilling fluids present in the well.
Two plugs are then added to stop the slurry and concrete from mixing. &#9; 

 We
offer cementing equipment with complete automatic density control capabilities, large volume batch mixers, allowing for less equipment
on location, complete API standard laboratory facilities for testing slurries and other fluids and customized cement systems for
specific applications. Our extensive database of knowledge and experience in cementing gives customers confidence and helps make
NPS the preferred supplier for cementing. 

 179 

 Coiled
Tubing 

 We
provide various coiled tubing services ranging from basic nitrogen lifting, fishing, milling, clean-out scale removal and other
complex well applications. We employ cutting edge design software to predict the performance of coiled tubing string and fluid
behavior. The work history and integrity of each coiled tubing work string is constantly monitored in real-time to allow our engineers
to continually evaluate developments in coiled tubing applications. 

 Issues
can arise with a producing well which can impact the well's production profile. Although a workover rig may be used to repair
the well, coiled tubing can provide both a cost and time effective solution. Unlike workover rig solutions, coiled tubing does
not require the removal of tubing from the well. In such cases, coiled tubing is inserted into the tubing of the well during production.
The coiled tubing is a flexible, metal pipe spooled on a large reel, which is used to perform various workover applications. These
can range from well bore cleaning to retrieving and replacing damaged equipment. 

 We
currently offer coiled tubing units suitable for both onshore and offshore environments. 

 Stimulation 

 We
employ stimulation and pumping in all of our operations, using modern technologies and state of the art equipment. Currently we
offer acidizing of wells, cleaning jobs, the release of stuck pipes during drilling, pressure testing wells and inhibition jobs
on gas wells. 

 Stimulation
is employed on wells to restore or increase production. Acidizing is accomplished by pumping acid into the well to dissolve soft
rocks like limestone, dolomite and calcite cement. This enlarges the natural pores of the reservoir and increases permeability,
thus stimulating the flow of hydrocarbons. Different acids can be used depending on the sediment present. Inhibitor additives
are added to the acid to prevent any damage to the steel casing in the well. Once the acid job has been completed, the acid is
washed out through a process called backflush. 

 Wireline
/ Slick-line Logging 

 Wireline
is covered by National Petroleum Technology (NPT), a subsidiary of NPS. Our logging operations started in 1998 and have continued
to date. 

 A
slick-line is a thin cable placed in a well to deliver and retrieve tools downhole, in comparison to a wireline, which is an electrical
cable used to lower tools and transmit data regarding the conditions of the wellbore. Slick-lines can be used to retrieve plugs,
gauges and valves and can adjust valves and repair tubing within the wellbore. Wirelines have a similar use, however can also
be used to log data on well evaluation activities. Wireline logs are permanently kept in the well to help engineers make real-time
decisions. Wireline logs can be used to measure resistivity, conductivity and formation pressures. 

 Well
Testing and Drilling 

 Our
well testing services are used to measure solids, gas, oil and water produced from a well. 

 Our
drilling subsidiary, National Drilling Company (NDC) was established in the 1978 and its main customers were deep water drilling
operators in Saudi Arabia. The business has now expanded into new markets and provides shallow and deep-water services. We continuously
update our modern fleet through investments and the application of the latest technologies. The rigs are equipped with advanced
equipment which, coupled with experienced drilling teams, makes NPS a first choice for drilling and work over projects for our
customers. 

 Our
current fleet, ranging from 200HP to 1000HP, allows us to drill wells up to 4,000m deep. 

 180 

 Key
Customers 

 NPS
has long-standing and strong relationships with both National Oil Companies (NOCs) and International Oil Companies (IOCs). We
understand the importance of building strong relationships with our customers and thus our top five customers as of December 31,
2017, who have conducted repeat business with us for many years, were Saudi Aramco (21 years), British Petroleum (since 2016),
ADCO (31 years), Qatar Petroleum (29 years) and Sonatrach (4 years). 

 Through
our expansion strategy, NPS has managed to diversify its revenue and establish new customer relationships. Our recent new customers
are Petroleum Development Oman L.L.C in Oman, WESP Oil-Pro in Algeria, Ourhourd Oil Company in Algeria, GSPC Ltd in India, Cairn
Energy Ltd in India and Gazprom Neft Technotop in Iraq. 

 Suppliers 

 We
purchase materials for our services from various suppliers, dependent on pricing, location and quality of services. Relationships
with suppliers also provide NPS with market intelligence on technologies which are sought after by customers. Management has taken
efforts to diversify supplier concentration. Our top five suppliers are Aubin Energy, NOV Elmar Services, Integrated Petroleum
Co, Red Med Spa and Elkem Oilfield Chemicals. 

 We
maintain long-term relationships with our core suppliers, who source initial components and provide necessary maintenance. The
length and depth of our relationships with key suppliers are important as they allow the Company to benefit from economies of
scale in the procurement of goods and services including key equipment parts, which strengthens the viability of NPS's low-cost
model. 

 Our
Workforce and Training 

 As
of December 31, 2017, NPS employed 1,818 permanent employees from over 40 different nationalities. Our employees are at the forefront
of our strategy. We believe that our future success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel.
NPS places great importance on building and maintaining a highly motivated and skilled workforce by identifying and developing
key skills, experience and knowledge and applying this talent set to job specific requirements. 

 Our
team of experienced professionals are dedicated to providing a safe and outstanding service to ensure customer satisfaction in
all areas of operation. Extensive training is provided to our employees and is split between On-the Job Training, Online Training
and Class Room Training. We also have a Career Development Plan covering key competencies and skills required for employees to
advance both their seniority level and career within the company. 

 181 

 Insurance 

 Our
operations are subject to risks and hazards which are inherent to the oil and gas industry, including accidents, blowouts, explosions,
oil spills and fires. These risks and hazards can lead to personal injury, loss of life, damage to property, equipment and the
environment and an interruption in operations. 

 Through
our stringent health and safety standards and procedures, NPS prides itself on being amongst the companies with the best safety
and job incident records within the industry and the region in which we operate. 

 We
have a variety of insurance coverages for our operations. Insurance rates have been subject to market conditions, and as such
coverage, premium costs and higher deductibles can change year on year. Our insurance includes coverage for commercial general
liability, damage sustained to our mobile equipment, damage sustained to our properties, worker compensation and other specialty
risks. Our insurance agreements have various limits and deductibles, which must be met to warrant recovery through insurance. 

 NPS
manages its insurance requirements on a corporate level. The Company has valid insurance cover against any property, plant and
equipment damage for a total insured amount in excess of $300 million. Separately, NPS is insured against contractual liabilities
and comprehensive general and third-party liabilities up to the sum of $75 million. The Company also holds adequate Group Marine
Cargo coverage and Motor Vehicle fleet coverage. 

 Environmental
Regulation Landscape 

 In
the key countries where NPS operates there is a foundation of laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into the
environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection and occupational health and safety. Where applicable the Company
has obtained and maintains licenses to operate through the local Ministry of Environment or similar governmental regulatory authorities. 

 The
Company has established and implemented an EH&S management system based on ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 and readily seeks to
incorporate the best industry practices and learnings through its process of continuous improvement. In addition, the Company
remains strictly accountable to each customer or operator it services and ensures that full compliance is maintained based on
each respective customer framework. 

 Waste
Handling 

 NPS
creates, handles, transports, stores, and disposes of both hazardous and non-hazardous industrial and domestic waste as part of
its normal course of operations. Every effort is made to minimize waste and to recycle any product where possible. Waste streams
are separated and segregated prior to removal and agreements are in place with third party contractors licensed to legally transport,
recycle or dispose of the waste in an acceptable and environmentally responsible manner. 

 Remediation
of Hazardous Substances 

 Well-rehearsed
spill emergency response plans are in place to ensure that any spill would be first contained and then remediated. 

 To
date the Company has not had a neighboring landowner or other third party file a claim for personal injury and or property damage
allegedly caused by any hazardous substances released into the environment. 

 182 

 Water
Discharges 

 Most
of the countries in which NPS operates (e.g. Qatar, U.A.E, Saudi Arabia, and Algeria) have laws and regulations in place referencing
water discharge particularly in the vicinity of inhabited areas or regulated waterways. Restrictions and controls regarding the
unauthorized discharge of pollutants, including produced waters and other oil and gas wastes, into regulated waters are in place
but not always subject to formal assessments by the regulators. NPS recognizes the potential harm caused to the environment by
such discharge and therefore ensures its personnel abide by all restrictions. Accordingly, the company is working to ensure that
all facilities have adequate drainage, sumps, and appropriate sedimentation tanks where required. Integrity of primary and secondary
containment is monitored, and spill prevention controls and countermeasures are in place to ensure that any unlikely contamination
will be minimized. 

 Health
and Safety Regulation 

 The
Company's health and safety standards are based on a combination of the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA) and
the International Association of Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP), a global forum whose members identify and share best practices
to achieve improvements. Further efforts by NPS or more stringent changes stemming from these bodies are not likely to add significant
cost at this stage. 

 NPS
employees are adequately trained to recognize and mitigate hazards; risks have been identified and controls put in place; and
appropriate personal protective equipment is readily made available where and when required. Information on hazardous material
used or produced during the course of operations is maintained and communicated within the Company. Finally, all personnel, including
subcontractors, visitors and observers are empowered by management to stop and report any work considered unsafe. 

 Legal
Proceedings 

 Given
the nature of our business, on occasion and in the ordinary course of business, we are involved in litigation and disputes related
to our business activities, including work related claims. It is important to maintain good working practices and awareness with
our employees and to invest in equipment maintenance in order to reduce the possibility of accidents occurring. A risk assessment
on all projects is undertaken to ensure that each project is viable and safe. We believe that none of the pending lawsuits against
us, in case an unfavorable outcome is reached, would have a material impact to our business operations and continuity. 

 Our
Strengths 

 We
consider technical expertise, quality equipment, integrated solutions, experience and large scale capabilities to be key differentiating
factors within the industry. We believe that the following strengths differentiate ourselves from competitors and add to our ongoing
success: 

 Global
Presence 

 We
provide services in several countries across MENA and Asia Pacific with offices located region wide to allow us to be closer to
our customers and to cater and respond to their needs quickly and efficiently. Furthermore, the MENA and Asia Pacific regions
are expected to show a continuous increase in demand for oilfield services, allowing us to expand our operations further. 

 183 

 The
below map shows where we operate: 

 Organizational
Excellence 

 Organizational
excellence helps us manage all aspects of our business to achieve our vision of success. Our teams consistently provide excellent
service performance in order to exceed customer expectations. Our management systems allow us to provide a systematic approach
to plan, implement, assess, and improve all aspects of our business. Corporate objectives and metrics are passed down through
all levels of the organization, while periodic reviews and adjustments are made to ensure that targets and strategic goals are
continually being met. 

 Excellent
Safety Record 

 We
recognize that a major factor to our success is our emphasis on Quality, Health, Safety and Environment (QHSE). Doing the job
correctly first time and safely have always been key tenets of ours. We have maintained an Integrated Quality, Health, Safety
and Environment Management system which is based on international standards. Recently, we have implemented the leading industry
standard of API Q2 in Saudi Arabia, along with a documented plan for rolling out this standard to all NPS locations in the near
future. 

 Thorough
Maintenance and Advanced Equipment 

 We
have invested heavily in modern equipment and have also set up a support program to aid the upkeep of our assets, resulting in
less downtime, diminished equipment failure in demanding conditions, lowering operating expenses and aiding in the creation of
safer and more reliable operations. 

 184 

 Strong
Emphasis on Cash Flow and Capital Investments 

 We
manage our liquidity by monitoring and optimizing our cash flow, capital spending and debt capacity. Our capital expenditure has
been directed to the purchase of new cutting-edge equipment and the maintenance of our equipment to high standards in order to
sustain our activity growth and avoid any disruptions to our operations. 

 As
of December 2017, we had one Murabaha loan outstanding, the lenders being a consortium of banks including HSBC, Al Hilal and APICORP.
Our cash and cash equivalents as at December 31, 2017 was $24.5 million in comparison to $25.5 million in 2016. Management believes
that NPS is in a strong position to generate positive cash flow to meet our financial obligations and drive our business growth. 

 Highly
Skilled and Diversified Workforce 

 At
NPS, the tenet of 'Our People are Our Most Valuable Asset' has always been one of our core beliefs since inception.
The company currently has a highly-skilled workforce comprised of 1,818 permanent employees of more than 40 nationalities. Diversity
and equal opportunity are of paramount importance to NPS. 

 There
is a high demand for qualified personnel in the MENA region. NPS continues to attract and maintain a growing workforce of competent
and skilled professionals. A balanced stream of technical graduates and mid-career hires allows NPS to maintain a high level of
service quality while meeting growing industry demands. 

 Permanent
staff have grown year on year since 2014, at an average rate of 9% per annum. Sales professionals and engineers have also increased
since 2010. Through this period of expansion, the quality of employees has also been maintained at a high level. Currently we
have a strong team of over 197 experienced oilfield engineers and 110 technical and sales specialists to support on the ground. 

 As
part of our corporate social responsibility obligations, wherever possible, the company always hires local personnel to demonstrate
its commitment to the local community. In Indonesia and Libya all NPS staff employed are nationals and in Algeria, India, Oman
and Iraq over 80% of employees are nationals. 

 Management
Team Experience in the Sector and Regions 

 Our
management team has many years of experience in operating, financial and administrative roles, with extensive knowledge of the
Oil and Gas industry. 

 The
management team is led by Chief Executive Officer, Adnan Ghabris, with 30 years of industry experience, who has previously worked
for Schlumberger and has been with the Company since 2008. Our Chief Financial Officer, Nassim Haider, has 29 years of industry
experience and has been with the company since 2008. Our regional and service managers also have a wealth of experience and includes;
Dib Chennawi, Vice President of the Gulf Region and Well Services, who has been with the Company since 1989 and has 24 years of
experience in the industry, Maamoun Halim, Vice President of Wireline and Technology, who has been with the Company since 2009
and has 29 years of industry experience, Yehia Hasan, Vice President of Drilling Services, who has been with the Company since
2003 and has 29 years of experience, Majid Al Farayedhi, Vice President of Operations in the Arabian Region, who joined the Company
in 2017 and has 24 years of industry experience and Rda Dridi, Vice President of Iraq and North Africa, who has been with the
Company since 2008 and has 22 years of experience in the industry. 

 185 

 Each
member of our management team brings significant operational and leadership experience. Our executive management team provides
valuable insights into the industry and an in-depth understanding of customer needs. Senior management is heavily involved in
retaining customers and gaining new customers. Given that the majority of our management team have been with the company for many
years, we believe that we have a committed team with an excellent understanding of our business and culture. 

 The
Company has four corporate governance committees operating at the Board level; an Executive Committee, Audit & Risk Committee,
an Acquisition & Growth Committee and a Remuneration Committee. These control systems have translated into tangible benefits
for NPS including steady growth in EBITDA margins and a reduction in costs through economies of scale. 

 Alliances
in Technology 

 NPS
continues to partner with technology companies to provide new solutions to enhance recovery as well as to improve well diagnosis
and reservoir information. These new technology solutions include high speed pulse stimulation, fiber optic sensing, flow through
tools and specialty chemicals. 

 Maintaining
and Expanding Customer Relationships 

 Our
key customers include Saudi Aramco, ADCO and Qatar Petroleum. We have maintained relationships with these customers for over 20
years. We believe that our customer focus, high-quality assets, diverse completion services offerings and engineering and technology
solutions puts us in a good position to expand and develop relationships with both existing and new customers. These attributes
and our past success have resulted in a track record of contract renewals as well as the award of new service contracts. As a
result, the Company had been successful in doubling its revenue and EBITDA between 2010 and 2015. 

 Whilst
we have a strong presence in our core key strategic oil and gas markets, we will continue our expansion strategy and focus on
diversifying both our customer base and revenues streams over the coming years. 

 COMPENSATION
OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF NPS 

 Summary
Compensation Table 

 This
section provides an overview of the NPS executive compensation program, including a narrative description of the material factors
necessary to understand the information disclosed in the summary compensation table below. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2017, NPS's principal executive officer and its two next most highly compensated executive officers
other than the principal executive officer were: 

 Name
 of officer 
 
 Hire
 Date 
 
 Designation 
 
 Adnan
 Hani Ghabris 
 
 January
 1, 2008 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Nassim
 Hasnain Haider 
 
 June
 1, 2008 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Dib
 Said Chennawi 
 
 September
 30, 1989 
 
 VP
 Gulf Region and Well Services 

 186 

 The
objective of NPS's compensation program is to provide a total compensation package to each executive officer that will enable
NPS to attract, motivate and retain outstanding individuals, reward executive officers for performance and align the financial
interests of each executive officer with the interests of NPS's shareholders whilst encouraging each executive officer to
contribute to NPS's long-term performance and success. 

 The
compensation structure of the company consists of the following key elements: base salary, bonuses, and post-employment benefits. 

 Historically
the Board of Directors has determined the compensation for NPS executive officers. Since 2014, the company has established a Remuneration
Committee comprised of non-executive directors and representatives from the company's key shareholders and which reports
directly to the Board of Directors. 

 Currently
the Remuneration Committee is comprised of the following members: 

 Remuneration
 Committee Member 
 
 Designation 
 
 Matar
 Al Neyadi 
 
 Chairman 
 
 Iqbal
 Khan 
 
 Member 
 
 Hussain
 Al Nowais 
 
 Member 
 
 Salem
 Al Noaimi 
 
 Member 

 The
Remuneration Committee meets at least once every year and is responsible for reviewing and approving the compensation structure
of the company as well as any changes in the compensation of the company's executive management and employees. The Remuneration
Committee approves the budget for any merit increases to employees, if any, on an annual basis. The Committee also performs a
benchmarking exercise of the company's compensation structure to industrial and market peers at least once every 5 years. 

 As
an emerging growth company, NPS has opted to comply with the executive compensation rules applicable to "smaller reporting
companies," as such term is defined under the Exchange Act. This section discusses the material elements of compensation
awarded to, earned by or paid to NPS's principal executive officer and the two next most highly compensated executive officers.
These individuals are referred to as NPS's " Named Executive Officers ." 

 187 

 The
total compensation paid to NPS's principal executive officer and its two next most highly compensated executive officers
other than the principal executive officer, respectively, for services rendered in 2017 and 2016, as applicable, is summarized
as follows: 

 Year 

 Salary 
 ($) 

 Bonus 
 ($) 

 Severance 
 ($) 

 Option 
 awards 
 ($)(1) 

 Equity 
 awards 
 ($)(1)(2) 

 All
 other 
 compensation 
 ($)(3) 

 Total 
 ($) 

 Adnan
 Hani Ghabris 

 2017 

 567,450 

 479,507 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 90,007 

 1,136,964 

 Chief
 Executive Officer 

 2016 

 522,820 

 498,755 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 90,007 

 1,111,582 

 Nassim
 Hasnain Haider 

 2017 

 282,240 

 143,852 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 83,941 

 510,033 

 Chief
 Financial Officer 

 2016 

 248,561 

 140,482 

 -- 

 -- 

 262,500 

 83,941 

 735,484 

 Dib
 Said Chennawi 

 2017 

 384,112 

 86,392 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 98,892 

 569,396 

 VP
 Gulf Region and Well Services 

 2016 

 372,514 

 91,631 

 -- 

 -- 

 175,000 

 98,892 

 738,037 

 (1)
Mr. Haider held as of December 31, 2017 an aggregate of 105,000 vested co-investment shares which were granted and vested in November
2015, pursuant to the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan. 

 (2)
Following the acquisition of NPS Bahrain in April 2014, certain employees of the Company were granted 1,487,500 retention shares
with a vesting date of July 2015 (743,750 shares) and July 2016 (743,750 shares), under the NPS Executive Incentive Plan. The
retention shares vest in two equal annual installments and the holder has the right to sell the retention shares in case of an
IPO or upon change of control. The retention shares represent a contractual right to receive a payment in an amount equal to the
fair value of one share of the Company and entitle the holder to dividend rights in proportion to the equity interest in the total
equity of the Company. No cash payment from the holder are required at the vesting dates nor upon exercise. 

 (3)
Amounts shown in this column reflect housing and car allowances paid for such executives. 

 Narrative
to Summary Compensation Table 

 Understanding
NPS's history is key to an understanding of NPS's compensation structure for 2017 and 2016. Mr. Ghabris and Mr. Haider
receive their compensation in Emirati Dirham ("AED") while Mr. Chennawi receives his compensation in Qatari Rial ("QAR").
The numbers presented in this section have been converted to USD using the applicable exchange rate for the periods presented. 

 Base
Salary 

 On
March 1, 2016, the Company increased Mr. Ghabris' monthly base salary by $3,330, Mr. Haider's monthly base salary
by $1,500, and Mr. Chennawi's monthly base salary by $500. The pay increases were effective March 1, 2016. 

 As
a result of the declining oil prices and resulting downturn within the oil and gas industry, the Company had implemented a freeze
on merit increases to employees' compensations packages in 2014 and 2015, including those of the executive management team.
In 2016, following the improvement in oil prices and overall activity levels, the Remuneration Committee decided to grant increases
in the compensation packages in order to incentivize the executive management team. 

 Bonuses 

 Mr.
Ghabris's employment agreement includes a profit sharing component that entitles him to 1.5% of the Company's net
income, as presented under IFRS. 

 Mr.
Haider's employment agreement includes a fixed profit sharing component that entitles him to 0.25% of the Company's
net income, as presented under IFRS, and an additional 0.25% based on achievement of specific objectives which are defined on
an annual basis. 

 Mr.
Chennawi's employment agreement allows for a bonus up to a maximum of 50% of his annual basic salary based on achievement
of specific objectives which are defined on an annual basis. 

 Net
income on which profit sharing is applied is calculated after accrual for all potential bonuses. 

 Severance 

 The
Company did not pay out any severance amounts for the periods presented. The Company has a legal obligation to pay end of service
benefits based on years of service and 1/12th of current earnings at the end of employment. All end of service benefits are calculated
based on base salaries. 

 The
expected employee service benefits as of December 31, 2017 for Mr. Ghabris, Mr. Haider, and Mr. Chennawai are $369,588, $193,399,
and $508,885, respectively. 

 Equity
Compensation 

 Mr.
Haider and Mr. Chennawi both have agreements with the Company whereas they have received a total of 525,000 and 350,000 retention
shares, respectively, under the NPS Executive Incentive Plan. The retention shares were awarded to Mr. Haider and Mr. Chennawi
in July 2014 and 50% vested in July 2015, with the remaining 50% vesting in July 2016. 

 188 

 Outstanding
Equity Awards at 2017 Fiscal Year End 

 The
following table provides information regarding outstanding equity awards held by the named executive officers as of December 31,
2017: 

 Equity
 Awards Vesting Commencement Date 
 
 Equivalent
 number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Equity Awards 

 Exercise
 price 

 Equity
 Awards expiration date 
 
 Equivalent
 number of securities underlying unexercised 
 Equity
 Awards 

 Exercisable 

 Unexercisable 

 Nassim
 Hasnain Haider 
 
 11/30/2015 

 105,000 
 (1) 

 -- 

 $ 
 0.00 

 N/A 

 105,000 

 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 7/1/2014 

 525,000 
 (2) 

 -- 

 $ 
 0.00 

 N/A 

 525,000 

 Dib
 Said Chennawi 
 
 7/1/2014 

 350,000 
 (2) 

 -- 

 $ 
 0.00 

 N/A 

 350,000 

 VP
 Gulf Region and Well Services 

 (1)
On November 30, 2015, Mr. Haider's options fully vested. 

 In
2015, as a part of a Long Term Incentive Plan, the Company granted 10 million vested options (co investment shares)
to all its employees. The details of the plan are as under: 

 - 
 The
 employees were required to exercise the option between the periods of November 30, 2015 to December 21, 2015 (first subscription
 period) or July 1, 2016 to July 31, 2016 (second subscription period); 

 - 
 Options
 not exercised until July 31, 2016 (as mentioned above) would lapse; 

 - 
 Exercise
 price of $1 per co-investment share; 

 - 
 The
 co investment shares rank pari passu with common shares including rights for dividend distribution, voting etc.; and 

 - 
 The
 shares would have a lock in period of two years from the date of purchase . 

 (2)
On July 1, 2016, the retention shares awarded to Mr. Haider and Mr. Chennawi under the NPS Executive Incentive Plan were fully
vested. Mr. Haider and Mr. Chennawi have the right to sell the retention shares in case of an IPO or a sale of the Company 

 Executive
Employment Agreements 

 Adnan
Hani Ghabris 

 In
January 2008, NPS Bahrain for Oil and Gas Wells Services W.L.L. ("NPS Bahrain"), the predecessor company, entered
into an offer letter with Mr. Ghabris to serve as NPS's Chief Executive Officer, effective January 1, 2008, in an at-will
capacity. Under this offer letter, Mr. Ghabris is eligible for an annual target bonus of 1.5% of the Company's net income,
as presented under IFRS. Mr. Ghabris has continued his employment with the Company following the NPS Bahrain acquisition in 2014.
Effective March 1, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors has reviewed the terms of Mr. Ghabris's employment arrangement
in connection with its annual compensation review, and increased Mr. Ghabris's base salary by $3,330 per month. Mr. Ghabris
is entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, including group health care plans and all fringe benefit plans. 

 Mr.
Ghabris does not participate in any Company equity plan or hold any equity instruments in the Company. 

 189 

 Nassim
Hasnain Haider 

 In
June 2008, NPS Bahrain, the predecessor company, entered into an offer letter with Mr. Haider to serve as NPS's Chief Financial
Officer, effective June 1, 2008, in an at-will capacity. Under this offer letter, Mr. Haider is eligible for an annual target
bonus of up to 0.5% of the Company's net income, as presented under IFRS, with a minimum bonus of 0.25% of the Company's
net income. Mr. Haider has continued his employment with the Company following the NPS Bahrain acquisition in 2014. Effective
March 1, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors has authorized the Chief Executive Officer to review the terms of Mr. Haider's
employment arrangement in connection with its annual compensation review, and has adjusted Mr. Haider's base salary by $1,500
per month. Mr. Haider is entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, including group health care plans and all fringe
benefit plans. 

 Mr.
Haider has an agreement with the Company wherein he has received a total of 525,000 retention shares. The retention shares were
awarded to Mr. Haider in July 2014 and 50% vested in July 2015, with the remaining 50% vesting in July 2016. In addition, Mr.
Haider has opted to participate in the Company's co-investment plan in 2015 and has received 105,000 co-investment shares. 

 Mr.
Haider has received an advance from the Company in the amount of $36,000 as of December 2017 as a housing allowance advance. His
housing allowance entitlement has been paid by the Company as an advance and is recoverable by NPS in 12 equal installments over
the course of the year. 

 Dib
Said Chennawi 

 In
September 1989, NPS Bahrain, the predecessor company, entered into an offer letter with Mr. Chennawi who progressed in his career
and was appointed as NPS's VP Gulf Region and Well Services, effective December 1, 2014, in an at-will capacity. Under the
applicable terms of his employment, Mr. Chennawi is eligible for an annual target bonus of up to 50% of his annual base salary.
Mr. Chennawi has continued his employment with the Company following the NPS Bahrain acquisition in 2014. Effective March 1, 2016,
the Company's Board of Directors has authorized the Chief Executive Officer to review the terms of Mr. Chennawi's
employment arrangement in connection with its annual compensation review, and has adjusted Mr. Chennawi's base salary by
$500 per month. Mr. Chennawi is entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, including group health care plans and all
fringe benefit plans. 

 Mr.
Chennawi has an agreement with the Company wherein he has received a total of 350,000 retention shares. The retention shares were
awarded to Mr. Chennawi in July 2014 and 50% vested in July 2015, with the remaining 50% vesting in July 2016. 

 Compensation
of Directors 

 The
following table summarizes the total compensation earned in 2017 and 2016 by the Company's non-executive directors. 

 Year 
 Fees
 Earned or Paid in Cash ($) 
 Option
 awards ($) 
 Total
 ($) 
 
 Abdulaziz
 Mubarak Al-Dolaimi 
 2017 (1) 
 90,000 
 -- 
 90,000 

 2016 
 120,000 
 -- 
 120,000 

 Salim
 Al-Aydh 
 2017 
 53,320 
 -- 
 53,320 

 2016 
 53,320 
 -- 
 53,320 

 (1)
Mr. Al-Dolaimi resigned as chairman of the board of directors on September 30, 2017. 

 No
other director received compensation during the periods presented for their services. 

 Narrative
to Director Compensation Table 

 Mr.
Al-Dolaimi receives his compensation in U.S. dollars while Mr. Al-Aydh receives his compensation in Saudi Riyal ("SAR").
The numbers presented in this section have been converted to U.S. dollars using the applicable exchange rate for the periods presented. 

 As
part of the Company's acquisition of NPS Bahrain in 2014, the Company issued 18,500,000 convertible shares to Mr. Al-Dolaimi.
The convertible shares are redeemable at $1 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2016, 9,250,000 convertible shares held
by Mr. Al-Dolaimi were converted into ordinary shares and sold to existing shareholders. The convertible shares have the same
rights as and rank pari passu with the ordinary shares including the right to participate in any dividend declared for ordinary
shareholders. These shares may be converted into ordinary shares at the option of the Company once all existing disputes in relation
to the period before acquisition are settled to the satisfaction of the Company. 

 190 

 NPS
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Forward-Looking
Statements 

 The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes of NPS included
elsewhere in this proxy statement. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations, estimates
and assumptions concerning events and financial trends that may affect our future operating results or financial position. Actual
results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number
of factors, including those discussed in the sections entitled "Risk Factors" and "Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements." 

 References
in this section to the "Company," "us" or "we" refer to NPS. 

 Overview 

 Description
of the Business 

 We
are a leading regional provider of products and services to the oil and gas industry in the Middle East and North Africa ("MENA")
and Asia Pacific ("APAC") regions. Through the company's track record of delivering successful outcomes to its
customers during the drilling, completion and production phases of an oil or natural gas well, NPS has built strong positions
in its target markets and developed longstanding relationships with many of the world's leading exploration and production
("E&P") companies. 

 Throughout
our nearly 40-year history, we have successfully grown and expanded our service lines and markets. We currently operate in 13
countries, with a strong presence in Saudi Arabia, Algeria, Qatar, UAE and Iraq. We have established a unique position in our
markets, competing effectively against the multinational oilfield service providers while providing scale that is superior to
local competition. As an independent, adaptive and regionally-focused firm, NPS can react and mobilize quickly as conditions change
and opportunities arise. 

 Our
services include a broad suite of offerings that are essential in the drilling and completion of new oil and natural gas wells
and in the remedial work on existing wells, both onshore and offshore. We provide an integrated service offering that includes:
Well Services and Intervention, Drilling and Workover, Wireline Logging and Testing. 

 Well
Services and Intervention include well cementing, coiled tubing, pressure pumping and stimulation operations. Drilling and Workover
Services include drilling and workovers for oil, gas and water wells. Wireline Logging and Testing include cased-hole logging,
slick-line services, surface well production testing and wellhead maintenance. NPS effectively delivers this broad range of services
by deploying the largest fleet of oilfield equipment among its regionally-based competitors, including cementing units, coiled
tubing units, stimulation units, nitrogen units and oil and water well drilling rigs. 

 We
operate in key geographies across the MENA and APAC regions, deriving more than 90% of our revenue from Saudi Arabia, Algeria,
Qatar, UAE and Iraq. With its vast reserves of oil and gas, the MENA region continues to dominate in its role as a vital source
of global energy supply and stability. 

 191 

 Marketing
and customers 

 Over
our nearly 40 years in business, we have developed strong and longstanding relationships with our key customers: Saudi Aramco,
Qatar Petroleum, ADCO, ADMA and other NOCs and IOCs. These relationships have been built upon a track record of offering a wide
range of reliable and cost-effective services. NPS currently has over 30 active customers and operates under fixed-term contracts
ranging from 3 to 5 years. 

 Services

 The
table below summarizes our existing service lines in the key markets in which we operate : 

 Saudi
 Arabia 

 Qatar 

 UAE 

 Iraq 

 India 

 Algeria 

 Malaysia 

 Stimulation 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 Coiled
 tubing 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 Cementing 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 Wireline
 logging 

 &#10003; 

 Well
 testing 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 Industry
Trends 

 Cyclical
Nature of Sector 

 Our
company provides oilfield services to E&P companies with operations in the onshore and offshore oil and gas exploration and
production sectors. Demand for our services is mainly led by our customer's operations and thus linked to global oil price,
rig activity and other factors. 

 The
oilfield services sector is a highly cyclical industry, with the level of drilling activity by E&P companies being largely
linked to oil prices which in turn are driven by global supply and demand for oil. 

 When
oil prices increase, E&P companies increase capital expenditures which leads to higher demand for oilfield services. However,
the increased capital expenditures by our customers usually results in higher production which can consequently lead to an oversupply
of oil into the market, hence reducing oil prices and leading to a new cycle of lower capital expenditures. As a result, our operating
results can fluctuate from quarter to quarter. However, due to the low oil breakeven price in the MENA region and the need for
infrastructure spending by the governments of these oil rich countries, we believe that we are less affected by oil price shocks
as compared to other companies in other regions. 

 Global
E&P Trends and Outlook 

 Global
E&P spending decreased by approximately 25% in 2015, the largest annual drop, both in percentage and nominal terms. The decline
continued in 2016 with spending decreasing by a further 25%. This was the first time in over 30 years that E&P spending decreased
in two consecutive years. 

 192 

 Since
the downturn in oil prices which commenced in 2014, many projects have been deferred by E&P companies, who have also sought
to seek lower oilfield service costs in an attempt to lower their break-even points. This has resulted in lower margins within
the oilfield services industry. It is expected that higher discounts will be given by offshore service providers in order to maintain
market share during periods of lower E&P spending. 

 As
recent oil prices have started to rise, more projects will become economically viable and it is expected that onshore spending
will increase. 

 While
oil prices remain low, we have seen an increase in demand for oil in recent years, with estimated growth of 1.7% in 2017. Given
OPEC's production cuts and the recent depletion of oil inventories, it is expected that production will rise in order to
meet current estimated demand. With diminishing oil reserves, we expect any increase in oil supply to be weighted towards replacing
old wells and implementing new technologies. 

 Drilling
Types and Environments 

 Based
on Wood Mackenzie data (extracted 6/11/2017), global offshore oil production currently provides an estimated 30% of all global
oil supply. Although this is a significant portion, the bulk of oil production comes from onshore activity. 

 NPS
has operations in both onshore and offshore drilling. Offshore drilling provides higher margins due to greater complexity, logistical
challenges and the need for innovative solutions. Our strategy going forward is to further target offshore drilling in the MENA
and South East Asian regions. 

 Middle
East Drilling 

 The
Middle East has almost half of the world's proven oil reserves and accounts for almost a third of oil production, according
to the BP Statistical Review of World Energy. The countries in the Arabian Gulf account for around 23% of global oil production
and given the low break-even price, it is a key region for oilfield service companies. 

 Rig
count in the Middle East has increased over the long term and although the number of active rigs has decreased in recent years,
this drop has been less significant than in other regions. In 2016, the number of active jack-ups deployed in the Middle East
was higher than that in 2008. From 2009 to 2017 the number of jack-ups deployed increased by 22% according to Clarksons Research.
In comparison, the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and the UK Continental Shelf over the same time period saw over a 90% and 45% reduction
respectively. Currently there are around 106 rigs in the region, with the majority being standard legacy jack-ups. 

 Most
oil and gas fields in the Middle East are legacy fields in shallow waters. These fields are largely engaged in drilling activity,
driven by the need for redevelopment, enhanced oil recovery via stimulation and the drilling of new production wells. Further,
a number of gas fields scheduled to be developed in the near future will require oilfield services. Key countries within the region
have signaled strong future growth ambitions for both oil and gas. Although the region still has low break-even levels, it is
expected that more complex offshore rigs, with higher break-even prices, will be developed in the future. 

 Key
Performance Indicators 

 NPS
uses a variety of operational and financial measures to assess its performance. Among the measures considered by management are
Revenue, Net income, and Adjusted EBITDA. 

 Revenue 

 NPS
analyzes its revenue by comparing actual monthly revenue to internal projections and prior periods in order to assess performance,
identify potential areas for improvement, and determine whether the business is meeting management's expectations. 

 Net
Income 

 NPS
views net income as an important indicator to assess performance, identify potential areas for improvement and determine whether
the business is meeting management's expectations. 

 Adjusted
EBITDA 

 NPS
views Adjusted EBITDA as an additional important indicator of performance. NPS defines Adjusted EBITDA as net income, plus interest
expense, taxes, and depreciation, amortization and impairment. 

 Note
Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

 Adjusted
EBITDA is not a financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP. NPS believes that the presentation of this non-GAAP financial
measure will provide useful information to investors in assessing its financial performance and results of operations as NPS's
board of directors, management and investors use Adjusted EBITDA to compare NPS's operating performance on a consistent
basis across periods by removing the effects of its capital structure (such as varying levels of interest expense), asset base
(such as depreciation and amortization) and items outside the control of its management team. This non-GAAP financial measure
should not be considered as an alternative to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. This non-GAAP financial measure
has important limitations as an analytical tool because it excludes some but not all items that affect the most directly comparable
GAAP financial measure. You should not consider Adjusted EBITDA in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of NPS's
results as reported under GAAP. Because Adjusted EBITDA may be defined differently by other companies in its industry, NPS's
definition of this non-GAAP financial measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing
its utility. NPS's financial statements in this proxy statement are presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

 Executive
Overview 

 During
both 2016 and 2017, we faced a challenging environment in many of our key end markets. Our primary focus was to grow market share
while expanding our service offering and advancing our long-term growth plans. Furthermore, we have been proactive in protecting
our profit margins by realigning our cost structure to the lower market pricing levels. 

 Our
2016 results include: 

 &#9679; 
 An
 increase in revenue by $20.4 million or 10% over 2015 driven largely by higher activity in our Saudi Arabia and Algeria markets.
 Although we were faced with some pricing erosion as a result of discounts granted to our customers, we have managed to grow
 our revenue through expanding our market share and service offerings in key markets. 

 &#9679; 
 An
 increase in net income by $3.2 million (63%) compared to 2015. The increase in net income is due to an increase in gross profit
 generated from higher activity levels combined with the impact of cost reduction actions and lower amortization costs of intangible
 assets, all of which were partially offset by an impairment charge for drilling rigs recorded in 2016. 

 &#9679; 
 An
 increase in Adjusted EBITDA by $8.7 million or 14% in line with the higher activity levels in 2016. As a percentage of revenue,
 Adjusted EBITDA increased from 31% of revenue in 2015 to 32% in 2016. The impact of pricing discounts which took effect in
 2016 was largely offset by higher activity as well as the effect of cost reduction actions taken by NPS during the year. 

 Our
results for the year ended December 31, 2017 include: 

 &#9679; 
 An
 increase in revenue of $47.2 million or 21% as compared to the prior year. The growth in revenue was generated largely from
 our operations in Iraq, Qatar and Algeria and was driven by a combination of factors, including the award of new contracts
 in Iraq and Algeria, a greater mix of higher margin activity in Qatar as well as a general increase in rig assignments across
 all our key markets, in particular in Saudi Arabia. 

 &#9679; 
 An
 increase in net income by $20.0 million or 240% from the prior year is mostly due to an increase in gross profit generated
 from higher revenues combined with a significant drop in the cost of amortization of contract intangibles (down $18.1 million)
 as these intangibles were largely amortized in prior years. 

 &#9679; 
 An
 increase in Adjusted EBITDA by $5.6 million or 8% as compared to the prior year period. The increase was driven by higher
 activity levels during 2017. As a percentage of revenue, Adjusted EBITDA decreased from 32% of revenue in 2016 to 29% of revenue
 in 2017, this decrease is largely due to the impact of pricing erosion as a result of discounts granted to customers during
 2016 which were effective for the full period of 2017 as well as start-up costs relating to new contracts awarded in Algeria,
 India and Oman. 

 Since
2016, our key focus has been to maintain a proper balance between delivering solid operating results and advancing our strategic
goals. The following highlights a few examples of strategic actions that occurred during the year that will help position us well
for long-term value creation. 

 &#9679; 
 In
 Saudi Arabia, during 2016 we increased our rig-less activity for Coiled tubing and Stimulation and also acquired more activity
 in Well Testing under a newly awarded LSTK package. We also completed our initial Slick-line trial campaign. In 2017, we were
 awarded a three-year Wireline contract and also secured a significant increase in the rig assignments for our Cementing activity. 

 &#9679; 
 In
 Algeria, NPS started up a fourth Coiled Tubing package and increased our level of stimulation activity in 2016. We also successfully
 completed an audit for Well Testing and Slick-line by our key clients. In 2017, we were awarded our first Surface Well Testing
 contract as well as a Cementing contract. 

 &#9679; 
 In
 Qatar, we were awarded an additional rig contract, resulting in an increase in offshore Coiled Tubing and Stimulation services.

 &#9679; 
 In
 Iraq, we were awarded a Coil Tubing and Stimulation contract in 2016. Activity on this contract increased through the addition
 of a fourth Coiled Tubing package in 2017. 

 &#9679; 
 In
 Oman, we completed the mobilization inspection for our Drilling Rigs and secured new Slick-line activity. 

 &#9679; 
 In
 India, we commenced mobilization of our first package under a newly awarded Coiled Tubing contract. 

 We
believe the demand for our services will increase further in the future, through a number of industry developments beneficial
to NPS. While drilling and completions activities have improved along with oil prices increasing from their lows in early 2016,
we believe our long-term growth will be driven by: 

 &#9679; 
 Increases
 in customer drilling budgets, focused in our core service areas, and an expected increase in rig count in the MENA region; 

 &#9679; 
 Expanding
 our service offerings in existing key markets and expanding operations into new geographies; 

 &#9679; 
 Increasing
 our focus on more complex offshore as well as gas-wells related services; and 

 &#9679; 
 Shifting
 focus towards higher margin and high technology service lines, including Wireline Logging and Testing services. 

 193 

 Results
of Operations 

 The
discussions below relating to significant line items from our consolidated statements of income (loss) are based on available
information and represents our analysis of significant changes or events that impact the comparability of reported amounts. Where
appropriate, we have identified specific events and changes that affect comparability or trends and, where reasonably practicable,
have quantified the impact of such items. In addition, the discussions below for revenue and cost of revenue are on a total basis
as the business drivers for all services are similar. All dollar amounts in tabulations in this section are in thousands of dollars,
unless otherwise stated. 

 The
following is a comparison of our result of operations for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December
31, 2016: 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 As
 % of Revenues 

 Variance 

 Description 
 
 2017 

 2016 

 2017 

 2016 

 $ 

 % 

 Revenues,
 net 
 
 $ 
 271,324 

 $ 
 224,115 

 100 
 % 

 100 
 % 

 47,209 

 21 
 % 
 
 Cost
 of services 

 (200,149 
 )

 (157,382) 

 74 
 % 

 70 
 % 

 42,767 

 27 
 % 
 
 Gross
 profit (1) 

 71,175 

 66,733 

 26 
 % 

 30 
 % 

 4,442 

 7 
 % 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 

 (607 
 )

 (19,293 
 )

 1 
 % 

 9 
 % 

 (18,686 
 ) 

 (97 
 )% 
 
 Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 

 (30,336 
 )

 (25,954 
 )

 11 
 % 

 12 
 % 

 4,382 

 17 
 % 
 
 Property,
 plant and equipment impairment 

 - 

 (3,370) 

 N/A 

 2 
 %

 (3,370) 

 N/A 

 Operating
 income 

 40,232 

 18,116 

 15 
 % 

 8 
 % 

 22,116 

 122 
 % 
 
 Interest
 expense, net 

 (6,720 
 ) 

 (5,677 
 ) 

 2 
 % 

 3 
 % 

 1,043 

 18 
 % 
 
 Other
 expense, net 

 (573 
 ) 

 (1,441 
 ) 

 1 
 % 

 1 
 % 

 (868) 

 60 
 % 
 
 Income
 before income taxes 

 32,939 

 10,998 

 12 
 % 

 5 
 % 

 21,941 

 199 
 % 
 
 Income
 taxes 

 (4,586) 

 (2,648) 

 2 
 % 

 1 
 % 

 1,938 

 73 
 % 
 
 Net
 income 
 
 $ 
 28,353 

 $ 
 8,350 

 10 
 % 

 4 
 % 

 20,003 

 240 
 % 

 (1)
Gross profit is defined as revenues less direct operating costs. 

 The
following is a non-GAAP measure used by the Company to assess its results of operations: 

 (In
 thousands of Dollars) 
 
 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 As
 % of Revenues 

 Variance 

 Description 
 
 2017 

 2016 

 2017 

 2016 

 $ 

 % 

 Net
 income 
 
 $ 
 28,353 

 $ 
 8,350 

 10 
 % 

 4 
 % 

 20,003 

 240 
 % 
 
 Add:
 Income taxes 

 4,586 

 2,648 

 2 
 % 

 1 
 % 

 1,938 

 73 
 % 
 
 Add:
 Interest expense, net 

 6,720 

 5,677 

 2 
 % 

 3 
 % 

 1,043 

 18 
 % 
 
 Add:
 Depreciation and amortization (1) 

 38,408 

 52,388 

 14 
 % 

 23 
 % 

 (13,980 
 ) 

 (27 
 )% 
 
 Add:
 Impairment of PP&E 

 - 

 3,370 

 N/A 

 2 
 % 

 (3,370 
 ) 

 N/A 

 Adjusted
 EBITDA 
 
 $ 
 78,067 

 $ 
 72,433 

 29 
 % 

 32 
 % 

 5,634 

 8 
 % 

 194 

 (1)
The depreciation and amortization values in the above table include amounts recorded under cost of services. 

 Revenue.
 Revenue is generated largely from Well Services which represented 84% of total revenue in the year ended December 31,
2017 and 85% in the year ended December 31, 2016. Despite continued pressures on pricing, revenue in the year ended December 31,
2017 increased by $47.2 million, or 21%, to $271.3 million from $224.1 million in the equivalent period in 2016. The increase
is largely due to higher onshore and offshore activity in Qatar (up $13.7 million), higher activity in Algeria (up $10.8 million)
and in South Iraq (up $25.3 million) and an increase in Well Services activity in KSA (up $6.4 million), all of which were partially
offset by lower revenue in the UAE (down $5.5 million) and in Brunei (down $4.0 million). 

 Cost
of Services . Cost of services for the year ended December 31, 2017 increased by $42.8 million, or 27%, to $200.1 million
from $157.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was driven by higher customer activity levels. Total cost
of services as a percentage of total revenue in 2017 is 74%, which represented an increase of 4% from the equivalent period in
2016. The increase in cost of services as a percentage of revenue was largely due to the full year's impact of pricing erosion
as resulting from discounts granted to customers during 2016 which were effective for the full period of 2017. 

 Cost
of services includes depreciation of $37.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2017 relating to key equipment used in supporting
and managing our operations. 

 Depreciation
and amortization . Depreciation and amortization expense, as reported below Gross Margin represents depreciation of head
office fixtures and fittings as well as amortization of acquired customer contracts. Depreciation and amortization expense decreased
by $18.7 million, or 97%, to $0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 from $19.3 million for the year ended December
31, 2016, largely due to lower cost of amortization of acquired customer contracts in 2017 (down $18.1 million). 

 Selling,
general and administrative expense . Selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") expense, which represents
costs associated with managing and supporting our operations, increased $4.4 million, or 17%, to $30.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017 from $25.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase in SG&A expense is due to higher personnel
compensation costs driven by an increase in staff headcount to support higher activity levels. 

 Impairment.
 During 2016, the Company performed an impairment analysis for drilling rigs in KSA due to change in circumstances which
was deemed to be a triggering event and indicated that the carrying value of such rigs may not be recoverable. The extended period
of idle time and inability to get new contracts were indications that the rigs may be impaired. The Company lowered its expectations
with respect to future activity levels in the contract drilling businesses. For the purpose of impairment testing, the Company
performed a Step 1 analysis as required by ASC 360-10-35 to assess the recoverability of long-lived assets within its contract
drilling operations. With respect to these assets, future cash flows were estimated over the expected remaining life of the assets,
and the Company determined that the carrying values exceeded the expected undiscounted cash flows, of the long-lived assets within
the contract drilling operations. Step 2 of the impairment assessment required the Company to compare the carrying value to the
fair value of the rigs recognizing impairment for the excess of carrying value over fair value. Based on the analysis, the Company
recorded an impairment loss of $3,370 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

 During
2017, the Company performed a similar impairment analysis which did not result in any impairment loss being recorded as the expected
undiscounted cash flows was higher than the carrying value of the drilling rigs as at December 31, 2017. Included in the 2017
impairment analysis, are Company's drilling rigs located in Iraq where the Company has used expected probability of the
outcome of the contracts which are expected to be announced in 2018. An unfavorable outcome of these tenders may result in the
impairment of the drilling rigs located in Iraq. The carrying value of these drilling rigs at December 31, 2017 is $ 14,400 thousand. 

 Interest
expense, net. Interest expense, net, in the year ended December 31, 2017 increased by $1.0 million, or 18%, to $6.7 million
from $5.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was attributable to both an increase in LIBOR rates as well
as a higher fixed interest charge on the bank loan. 

 195 

 Other
expense, net. Other expense, net, in the year ended December 31, 2017 decreased by $0.9 million, or 60%, to $0.6 million
from $1.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2016. The decrease is largely due to higher income from disposal of fixed assets
combined with lower bank charges in 2017. 

 Net
income. Net income was $28.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared with net income of $8.4 million
in the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase in net income was due to an increase in the gross margin generated as a result
of higher activity combined with lower amortization cost in the current year. 

 The
following is a comparison of our result of operations for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the year ended December
31, 2015: 

 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 As
 % of Revenues 

 Variance 

 Description 
 
 2016 

 2015 

 2016 

 2015 

 $ 

 % 

 Revenues,
 net 
 
 $ 
 224,115 

 $ 
 203,715 

 100 
 % 

 100 
 % 

 20,400 

 10 
 % 
 
 Cost
 of services 

 (157,382) 

 (138,890) 

 70 
 % 

 68 
 % 

 18,492 

 13 
 % 
 
 Gross
 profit (1) 

 66,733 

 64,825 

 30 
 % 

 32 
 % 

 1,908 

 3 
 % 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 

 (19,293 
 )

 (23,583 
 )

 9 
 % 

 12 
 % 

 (4,290 
 ) 

 (18 
 )% 
 
 Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 

 (25,954 
 )

 (28,911 
 )

 12 
 % 

 14 
 % 

 (2,957 
 ) 

 (10 
 )% 
 
 Property,
 plant and equipment impairment 

 (3,370) 

 - 

 2 
 % 

 N/A 

 3,370 

 N/A 

 Operating
 income 

 18,116 

 12,331 

 8 
 % 

 6 
 % 

 5,785 

 47 
 % 
 
 Interest
 expense, net 

 (5,677 
 ) 

 (4,319 
 ) 

 3 
 % 

 2 
 % 

 1,358 

 31 
 % 
 
 Other
 expense, net 

 (1,441 
 ) 

 (1,029 
 ) 

 1 
 % 

 1 
 % 

 412 

 40 
 % 
 
 Income
 before income taxes 

 10,998 

 6,983 

 5 
 % 

 3 
 % 

 4,015 

 57 
 % 
 
 Income
 taxes 

 (2,648) 

 (1,870) 

 1 
 % 

 1 
 % 

 778 

 42 
 % 
 
 Net
 income 
 
 $ 
 8,350 

 $ 
 5,113 

 4 
 % 

 3 
 % 

 3,237 

 63 
 % 

 (1)
Gross profit is defined as revenues less direct operating costs. 

 The
following is a non-GAAP measure used by the Company to assess its results of operations: 

 (In
 thousands of Dollars) 
 
 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 As
 % of Revenues 

 Variance 

 Description 
 
 2016 

 2015 

 2016 

 2015 

 $ 

 % 

 Net
 income 
 
 $ 
 8,350 

 $ 
 5,113 

 4 
 % 

 3 
 % 

 3,237 

 63 
 % 
 
 Add:
 Income taxes 

 2,648 

 1,870 

 1 
 % 

 1 
 % 

 778 

 42 
 % 
 
 Add:
 Interest expense, net 

 5,677 

 4,319 

 3 
 % 

 2 
 % 

 1,358 

 31 
 % 
 
 Add:
 Depreciation and amortization (1) 

 52,388 

 52,457 

 23 
 % 

 26 
 % 

 (69 
 ) 

 ( 1) 
 % 
 
 Add:
 Impairment of PP&E 

 3,370 

 - 

 2 
 % 

 N/A 

 3,370 

 N/A 

 Adjusted
 EBITDA 
 
 $ 
 72,433 

 $ 
 63,759 

 32 
 % 

 31 
 % 

 8,674 

 14 
 % 

 196 

 (1)
The depreciation and amortization values above include amounts recorded under cost of services. 

 Revenue.
 Revenue is generated largely from Well Services which represented 85% of total revenue in 2016 and 80% in 2015. Despite
continued pressures on pricing, revenue in 2016 increased by $20.4 million, or 10%, to $224.1 million from $203.7 million in 2015.
The increase is largely due to higher activity in Algeria (up $12.7 million), higher well services activity in Saudi Arabia (up
$8.2 million) and the award of new contracts in Iraq (up $5.1 million), all of which were partially offset by lower revenue in
Brunei (down $6.3 million) following the loss of a coiled tubing contract in 2016. 

 Cost
of Services . Cost of services in 2016 increased by $18.5 million, or 13%, to $157.4 million from $138.9 million in 2015
in line with the higher revenue. Cost of services as a percentage of total revenue in 2016 was 70%, which represented an increase
of 2% from 2015. The increase in cost of services as a percentage of revenue was largely due to the impact of pricing erosion
from discounts granted in 2016 

 Cost
of services includes depreciation of $33.1 million in 2016 relating to key equipment used in supporting and managing our operations.
Depreciation, as reported in cost of services, increased by $4.2 million or 15%, mainly due to incremental depreciation arising
on capital expenditure which was made throughout 2015 and 2016 to support the company's activity growth. 

 Depreciation
and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense, as reported below Gross Margin represents depreciation of head
office fixtures and fittings as well as amortization of contract intangibles. Depreciation and amortization expense decreased
by $4.3 million, or 18%, to $19.3 million in 2016 from $23.6 million in 2015, largely due to lower cost of amortization of contract
intangibles in 2016 (down $3.8 million) 

 Selling,
general and administrative expense . Selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") expense, which represents
costs associated with managing and supporting our operations, decreased $3.0 million, or 10%, to $26.0 million in 2016 from $28.9
million in 2015. The decrease in SG&A expense was due to cost reduction actions undertaken during the year in response to
market pricing pressures, which were partially offset by higher personnel compensation costs (up $4 million) driven by an increase
in resources to support higher activity levels. 

 Impairment .
Total impairment expense of $3.4 million recognized in 2016 consisted of property, plant and equipment (PP&E) impairment. 

 During
2016, the Company performed an impairment review for drilling rigs in Saudi Arabia due to change in circumstances which was deemed
to be a triggering event and indicated that the carrying value of such rigs may not be recoverable. The extended period of idle
time and inability to get new contracts were indications that the rigs may be impaired. The Company lowered its expectations with
respect to future activity levels in the contract drilling businesses. For the purpose of impairment testing, the Company performed
a Step 1 analysis as required by ASC 360-10-35 to assess the recoverability of long-lived assets within its contract drilling
operations. With respect to these assets, future cash flows were estimated over the expected remaining life of the assets, and
the Company determined that, on an undiscounted basis, the carrying values exceeded the expected cash flows, on an undiscounted
basis, of the long-lived assets within the contract drilling operations. Step 2 of the impairment assessment required the Company
to compare the carrying value to the fair value of the rigs recognizing impairment for the excess of carrying value over fair
value. 

 As
a result of the assessments made, an impairment loss of $3.4 million as of December 31, 2016 was recognized in the consolidated
statement of operations. No impairment loss was recognized as of December 31, 2015. 

 Interest
expense, net. Interest expense, net, in 2016 increased by $1.4 million, or 31%, to $5.7 million from $4.3 million in 2015.
The increase was primarily driven by a higher interest rate on the company's borrowing facility which was linked to movement
in the LIBOR rate. 

 Other
expense, net. Other expense, net, in 2016 increased by $0.4 million, or 40%, to $1.4 million from $1.0 million in 2015.
This increase was primarily due higher bank charges as well as realized net exchange losses on foreign currency payments to international
vendors. 

 197 

 Net
income. Net income was $8.4 million in 2016 as compared with net income of $5.1 million in 2015. The increase in net income
is due to an increase in gross margin generated from higher activity levels combined with the impact of cost reduction actions
and lower amortization costs of intangible assets, all of which were partially offset by an impairment charge for drilling rigs
recorded in 2016. 

 Liquidity

 Our
objective in financing our business is to maintain sufficient liquidity, adequate financial resources and financial flexibility
in order to fund the requirements of our business. At December 31, 2017, we had cash and cash equivalents of $24.5 million compared
to $25.5 million of cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2016. 

 At
December 31, 2017, $24.5 million of our cash and cash equivalents was held by foreign subsidiaries compared to $25.5 million at
December 31, 2016. Cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries includes amounts of $6.9 million and $6.2 million held
within the sub-holding company of NPS Bahrain at December 31, 2017 and 2016 respectively. 

 We
have a committed revolving credit facility (the "Credit Facility") with commercial banks under which the maximum borrowing
at any time is $50 million. At December 31, 2017, we had borrowings under the credit facility of $8.8 million due within one year.
During 2017, we used cash to fund a variety of activities including certain working capital needs, capital expenditures, repayment
of short term borrowings, and the payment of employees' end of service benefits. 

 A
substantial portion of the cash held by foreign subsidiaries at each of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 was reinvested
in our international operations as our current intent is to use this cash to, among other things, fund the operations of our foreign
subsidiaries. If we decide at a later date to repatriate those funds to the United Arab Emirates, we may be required to pay withholding
tax on some of these funds, mainly in Saudi Arabia, Indonesia, Malaysia and Algeria. However, the repatriation of funds to the
UAE is largely in the form of settlement of inter-company balances relating to purchases of fixed assets and inventory by the
holding company, which is not subject to withholding taxes. 

 The
Company does not face any significant capital restrictions on cash outflows from foreign subsidiaries to the holding company or
other group companies. 

 We
believe that cash on hand, cash flows generated from operations, and liquidity available through our credit facility, including
the issuance of commercial papers will provide sufficient liquidity to manage our global cash needs. 

 Cash
Flows 

 Cash
flows provided by (used in) each type of activity were as follows for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2016: 

 Year
 ended December 31, 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Cash
 Provided by/(used in): 

 Operating
 Activities 
 $ 83,193 
 $ 78,896 
 $ 37,942 
 
 Investing
 Activities 
 (52,042 ) 
 (62,753 ) 
 $ (57,711 ) 
 
 Financing
 Activities 
 (32,138 ) 
 (16,802 ) 
 11,941 
 
 Net
 change in cash and cash equivalents 
 $ (987 ) 
 $ (659 ) 
 $ (7,828 ) 

 198 

 Operating
Activities 

 Cash
flows from operating activities provided cash of $83.1 million and $78.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. Cash flows from operating activities increased $4.3 million in 2017 primarily due to changes in the components of
our working capital (receivables, inventories and accounts payable) as well as a decrease in provision for bad debt expense, prepaid
expenses and other assets compared to year ended December 31, 2016. 

 Cash
flows from operating activities provided cash of $78.9 million and $37.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Cash flows from operating activities increased $41.0 million in 2016 primarily due to the repayment of related party
balances and changes in the components of our working capital (receivables, inventories and accounts payable) as a result of receipt
of a significant portion of our outstanding accounts receivable and the postponement of payment of accounts payable. 

 Investing
Activities 

 Cash
flows used in investing activities was ($52.0) million and (62.8) million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
The decrease of $10.8 million in cash used is primarily attributed to a decrease of $13.5 million in the funding of capital assets
(funding was $48.7 million and $62.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively). Our principal recurring
investing activity is the funding of capital expenditures to ensure that we have the appropriate levels and types of machinery
and equipment in place to generate revenue from operations. The decrease in capital expenditures was the result of our continued
focus on capital discipline. 

 In
June 2017, we acquired 100% of the share capital of PT Tiger Energy Services ROI ("Tiger"), an entity incorporated
in the Republic of Indonesia, for $0.6 million. The carrying amount of Tiger's net assets on the date of acquisition was
$0.5 million. 

 Proceeds
from the disposal of assets were $0.3 million and $1 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. These
disposals related to property, machinery, and equipment no longer used in operations that was sold throughout the year. 

 Cash
flows used in investing activities was ($62.8) million and ($57.7) million for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The increase of $5.1 million in cash used is primarily attributed to an increase of $4.2 million in the funding of capital assets
(funding was $62.2 million and $58.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively). Our principal recurring
investing activity is the funding of capital expenditures to ensure that we have the appropriate levels and types of machinery
and equipment in place to generate revenue from operations. The increase in capital expenditures was the result of higher demand
for our products and services along with our continued focus on capital discipline. 

 In
June 2016, we acquired all the remaining outstanding shares of National Petroleum Services ("NPS Libya"), a consolidated
subsidiary, from Akam Petroleum Services for $1.5 million in cash, increasing our ownership from 50% to 100%. The carrying amount
of NPS Libya's net assets on the date of acquisition was ($0.2) million. As a result, we recognized a decrease in equity
attributable to equity holders of our Company. See Note 3. "Acquisitions and Investments" of the notes to NPS's
consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 

 Proceeds
from the disposal of assets were $1.0 million and $0.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These
disposals related to property, machinery, and equipment no longer used in operations that was sold throughout the year. 

 Financing
Activities 

 Cash
flows used in financing activities were ($32.1) million and ($16.8) million for the year ended December, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
The increase of $15.3 million in cash used was primarily due to increase in our borrowing activity, which was partially offset
by the payment of dividends to our shareholders. Our principal recurring financing activity is the borrowing and repayment of
debt to ensure that we have the appropriate levels of liquidity and the payment of dividends and Zakat on behalf of our shareholders. 

 199 

 We
had net draws of commercial paper and other short-term debt of $0.1 million in 2017, and net repayments of $10.1 million in 2016. 

 We
paid $20 million of dividends to our shareholders in the year ended 31 December 2017. 

 Cash
flows (used) and provided in financing activities was ($16.8) million and $11.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2016
and 2015, respectively. The decrease of $28.7 million in cash provided was primarily due to the repayment of borrowings and dividends.
Our principal recurring financing activity is the borrowing and repayment of debt to ensure that we have the appropriate levels
of liquidity. The decrease in borrowings was the result of our continued focus on fiscal discipline. 

 We
had net repayments of commercial paper and other short-term debt of $10.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2016, and net
draws of $18.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2015. 

 We
received proceeds of $0.1 million from the issuance of 135,000 co-investment shares through the exercise of stock options in the
year ended December 31, 2015. We did not declare or pay any dividends in either 2016 or 2015. 

 Murabaha
Credit Facilities 

 $150
Million Facility 

 The
Company entered into a syndicated Murabaha facility ("the Facility") for $150,000 thousand which was fully drawn by
the Company on November 26, 2014. Murabaha is an Islamic financing structure where a set fee is charged rather than interest.
This type of loan is legal in Islamic countries as banks are not authorized to charge interest on loans, so banks charge a flat
fee for continuing daily operations of the bank in lieu of interest. 

 The
Facility of $150 million is from a syndicate of three commercial banks. The Facility is repayable in semi-annual instalments ranging
from $7.5 million to $30 million commencing from May 26, 2017 with the last instalment due on November 26, 2020. The Facility
carries a set fee which equals to the stated interest rate of six months LIBOR plus a fixed profit margin of 2.9% per annum. The
Facility is partially secured by personal guarantees of two individual shareholders on a pro-rata basis with their respective
shareholding percentages. Letters of awareness have been executed by the corporate shareholders as credit support for the Facility. 

 On
May 28, 2017, the Facility ("Amended Facility") was amended to extend the maturity of the agreement. The Amended Facility
is repayable in quarterly installments ranging from $1.1 million to $57.9 million commencing from August 1, 2019 with the last
installment due on May 28, 2025. The Amended Facility carries a stated interest rate of three months LIBOR plus a fixed profit
margin of 3.25% per annum. The Amended Facility is partially secured by personal guarantee of one individual shareholder on a
pro-rata basis with his shareholding percentage. Letters of awareness have been executed by the corporate shareholders as credit
support for the Facility. 

 All
of the other terms of the Facility remained the same except the fixed interest charge was revised from 2.9% in 2014 to 3.25% in
2017. The costs of our loan arrangement fees increased to $0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 from $0.3 million
for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

 The
Amended Facility contains certain covenants, which, among other things, require the maintenance of a total debt-to-total capitalization
ratio, restrict certain merger transactions or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets or a significant subsidiary
and limit the amount of subsidiary indebtedness. Upon the occurrence of certain events of default, our obligations under the Amended
Facility may be accelerated. Such events of default include payment defaults to lenders under the Amended Facility, covenant defaults
and other customary defaults. As of December 31, 2017, we were in compliance with all of the credit facility's covenants. 

 200 

 $50
Million Facility 

 We
have a committed revolving credit facility with commercial banks under which the maximum borrowing at any time is $50 million.
Borrowings under this facility are only used to fund capital expenditures. At December 31, 2017, we had borrowings under the credit
facility of $8.8 million due within one year. During 2017, we used cash generated by our operations to fund a variety of activities
including certain working capital needs, capital expenditures, repayment of short term borrowings, and the payment of employees'
end of service benefits. 

 If
market conditions were to change and our revenue was reduced significantly, our cash flows and liquidity could be reduced. Should
this occur, we would seek alternative sources of funding, including additional borrowing under the credit facility. 

 Capital
Resources 

 In
the next twelve months, we believe cash on hand, cash flows from operating activities and the available credit facility will provide
us with sufficient capital resources and liquidity to manage our working capital needs, meet contractual obligations, fund capital
expenditures, and support the development of our short-term and long-term operating strategies. If necessary, we may use short-term
debt to fund cash needs in various countries in excess of the cash generated in those specific countries. 

 Our
capital expenditures can be adjusted and managed by us to match market demand and activity levels. In light of the current market
conditions, capital expenditures in the next twelve months will be made as appropriate at a rate that we estimate would equal
$30 million to $35 million on an annualized basis. The expenditures are expected to be used primarily for normal, recurring items
necessary to support our business. We also anticipate making income tax payments in the range of $3 million to $5 million in the
next twelve months. For employees' end of service benefits, we expect to pay between $2 million to $3 million to employees
in the next twelve months. See Note 11. "Employee Benefits" of the notes to NPS's consolidated financial statements
for further discussion. 

 As
discussed above, the Company's total capital expenditures in the next twelve months is estimated to be equal to $30 million
to $35 million on an annualized basis. The expenditures are expected to be used primarily for normal, recurring items necessary
to support our business. Capital expenditures are financed through the Revolving Credit Facility. There is sufficient capacity
under this credit facility to meet our capital expenditure commitments. 

 Other
Factors Affecting Liquidity 

 Guarantee
agreements. In the normal course of business with customers, vendors and others, the Company has entered into off-balance
sheet arrangements, such as surety bonds for performance, and other bank issued guarantees, which totaled $27.9 million and $26.7
million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. A liability is accrued when a loss is both probable and can be reasonably estimated. None
of the off-balance sheet arrangements either has, or is likely to have, a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

 Customer
receivables . In line with industry practice, we bill our customers for our services in arrears and are, therefore, subject
to our customers delaying or failing to pay our invoices. In weak economic environments, we may experience increased delays and
failures to pay our invoices due to, among other reasons, a reduction in our customers' cash flow from operations and their
access to the credit markets as well as unsettled political conditions. If our customers delay paying or fail to pay us a significant
amount of our outstanding receivables, it could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations
and consolidated financial condition. Our two largest customers, Saudi Aramco and Sonatrach, are owned by the governments of Saudi
Arabia and Algeria, respectively. It is customary for Saudi Aramco to delay payments of a portion (10%) of receivables until all
taxes due within the country are fully paid and settled. 

 Contractual
Obligations 

 The
table below summarizes the payments due by fiscal year for our outstanding contractual obligations as of December 31, 2017. Certain
amounts included in this table are based on our estimates and assumptions about these obligations, including their duration, anticipated
actions by third parties and other factors. The contractual cash obligations we will actually pay in future periods may vary from
those reflected in the table because the estimates and assumptions are subjective. 

 Payments
 Due by Period 
 
 (In
 thousands) 
 
 Total 

 Less
 than 
 1 year 

 1
 3 
 years 

 3
 5 
 years 

 More
 than 
 5 years 

 Estimated
 principle payments (1) 

 $150,000 

 - 

 $8,573 

 $27,908 

 $113,519 

 Estimated
 interest payments (2) 

 53,846 

 7,317 

 16,213 

 16,544 

 13,772 

 Operating
 leases (3) 

 8,296 

 5,532 

 2,644 

 120 

 - 

 Purchase
 obligations (4) 

 31,443 

 31,443 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Employees'
 end of service benefits (5) 

 19,293 

 2,778 

 6,654 

 1,882 

 7,979 

 Short-term
 debt (6) 

 8,773 

 8,773 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Total 

 $271,651 

 $ 
 55,843 

 $34,084 

 $46,454 

 $135,270 

 (1)
Amounts represent the expected cash payments for the principal amounts related to our debt. Amounts for debt do not include any
unamortized discounts or deferred issuance costs. Expected cash payments for interest are excluded from these amounts. 

 (2)
Amounts represent the expected cash payments for interest on our long-term debt. 

 (3)
Amounts represent the future minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases with initial or remaining terms of one year
or more. We enter into operating leases, some of which include renewal options; however, we have excluded renewal options from
the table above unless it is anticipated that we will exercise such renewals. 

 (4)
Purchase obligations include capital improvements as well as agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and
legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum
or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Although these contractual obligations are considered
enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow us the option to reschedule and adjust the requirements based on business
needs prior to the delivery of goods. 

 (5)
Amount represents the expected payments of employees' end of service benefits. 

 (6)
Amount represents borrowings under the bank credit facility and relating to outstanding letters of credit at December 31, 2017. 

 Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

 Interest
Rate Risk 

 At
December 31, 2017, NPS had $150 million of debt outstanding, with an interest rate of 6 months LIBOR plus 3.25%. Interest is calculated
under the terms of NPS's Murabaha agreement. Assuming no change in the amount outstanding, the impact on interest expense
of a 1% increase or decrease in the interest rate would be approximately $1.5 million per year. NPS does not currently have or
intend to enter into any derivative arrangements to protect against fluctuations in interest rates applicable to NPS' outstanding
indebtedness. 

 Foreign
Currency Risk 

 NPS
is exposed to foreign currency risks that arise from normal business operations. These risks include transaction gains and losses
associated with Intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries and transactions denominated in currencies other than a location's
functional currency. 

 US
dollar balances in the UAE, KSA and Qatar entities are not considered to represent significant currency risk as the respective
currencies in these countries are pegged to the U.S. dollar. The company's foreign currency risk arises from the settlement
of transactions in currencies other than the Company's functional currency, specifically in Algerian Dinar, Libyan Dinar,
Indian Rupee and Indonesian Rupiah. However, customer contracts in these countries are largely denominated in US dollars. 

 201 

 Credit
Risk 

 Credit
risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument may fail to discharge an obligation and cause the other party to incur
a financial loss. NPS is exposed to credit risk on its accounts receivable and other receivables and certain other assets as reflected
in our consolidated balance sheet. 

 The
Company seeks to manage its credit risk with respect to banks by only dealing with reputable banks and with respect to customers
by monitoring outstanding receivables and ensuring close follow-ups. Management also considers the factors that may influence
the credit risk of its customer base including the default risk of the industry and the country in which the customers operate.
The Company sells its products to a large number of customers, mainly to national oil companies in the GCC region. The Saudi Arabian
Oil Company ("Saudi Aramco"), owned by the government of Saudi Arabia, and Sonatrach, owned by the government of Algeria,
represented 38% (32% in 2016 ) and 25% (16% in 2016) of the Company's accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2017.
No other customer accounted for greater than 10% of the Company's accounts receivable balance. 

 With
respect to credit risk arising from the financial assets of the Company, including receivables and bank balances, the Company's
exposure to credit risk arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amount of these
assets in the consolidated balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents are primarily held with banks and financial institution counterparties,
which are rated A1 to Baa3, based on Moody's ratings. 

 Liquidity
risk 

 Liquidity
risk is the risk that the Company may not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The Company's approach
to managing liquidity risk is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities
when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses, or risking its liabilities. The company
maintains cash flow forecasts to monitor its liquidity position. 

 Accounts
payable are normally settled within the terms of purchase from the supplier. As detailed on page 199, the company has sufficient
un-utilized capacity under its revolving credit facility to manage short term financing requirements in relation to its capital
expenditure. 

 Market
Risk 

 NPS
is exposed to market risks primarily from changes in interest rates on its long-term borrowings as well as fluctuations in foreign
currency exchange rates applicable to its foreign subsidiaries and where local exchange rates are not pegged to the US Dollar
(Algeria, Libya and Iraq). However, the foreign exchange risk is largely mitigated by the fact that all customer contracts are
denominated in US Dollars. 

 NPS
does not use derivatives for trading purposes, to generate income or to engage in speculative activity. 

 Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

 In
the normal course of business with customers, vendors and others, we have entered into off-balance sheet arrangements, such as
surety bonds for performance, and other bank issued guarantees. It is not practicable to estimate the fair value of these financial
instruments. None of the off-balance sheet arrangements either has, or is likely to have, a material effect on our consolidated
financial statements. For further information refer to the "Contractual Obligation" section above. 

 As
of December 31, 2017, we had no material off-balance sheet financing arrangements other than normal operating leases, as discussed
above. As such, we are not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged
in such financing arrangements. 

 202 

 Related
Party Transactions 

 Related
parties include shareholders, key management personnel, and jointly controlled entities. In the ordinary course of business, such
related parties provide goods and render services to the Company at mutually agreed rates. In addition, certain shareholders received
short-term loans and or advances in connection with the sale of the business to the new shareholders in 2014, all of which were
subsequently fully settled by the respective parties. The transactions with related parties are made at mutually agreed terms.
Outstanding balances are unsecured, interest free and settlement occurs in cash. 

 For
further details about our transactions with related parties please refer to "Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions"
and Note 17 (Related Party Transactions) of NPS's annual financial statements. 

 Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

 The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosures as well as disclosures about any contingent assets and liabilities.
We base these estimates and judgments on historical experience and other assumptions and information that are believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances. Estimates and assumptions about future events and their effects are subject to uncertainty and, accordingly,
these estimates may change as new events occur, as more experience is acquired, as additional information is obtained and as the
business environment in which we operate changes. 

 We
have defined a critical accounting estimate as one that is both important to the portrayal of either our financial condition or
results of operations and requires us to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments or estimates about matters that are uncertain.
Our Board of Directors has reviewed our critical accounting estimates and the disclosure presented below. During the past two
fiscal years, we have not made any material changes in the methodology used to establish the critical accounting estimates, and
we believe that the following are the critical accounting estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
There are other items within our consolidated financial statements that require estimation and judgment but they are not deemed
critical as defined above. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with NPS' consolidated financial statements
and related notes included in this document. 

 Accounts
receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts 

 Trade
accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount. No interest is charged on past-due balances. The Company grants credit
to customers based upon an evaluation of each customer's financial condition. The Company periodically monitors the payment
history and ongoing creditworthiness of customers. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses
inherent in its accounts receivable portfolio. In establishing the required allowances management considers historical losses
adjusted to take into account current market conditions and the customer's financial conditions, the amount of receivable
in dispute, current receivables ageing and current payment patterns. Significant individual accounts receivable balances and balances
which have been outstanding greater than 90 days are reviewed individually for collectability. 

 Property,
plant and equipment 

 Property,
plant and equipment is stated at cost. The cost of ordinary maintenance and repair is charged to operating expense, while replacement
of critical components and major improvements that extend the life of the related asset are capitalized. Capital work in progress
mainly represents costs incurred on drilling rigs and equipment which are in transit at the reporting date. No depreciation is
charged to purchase capital work in progress. Depreciation or amortization of property and equipment is calculated using the straight-line
method over the asset's estimated useful life as follows: 

 Buildings
 and leasehold Improvements 
 5
 to 25 years or the estimated lease period, whichever is shorter 
 
 Drilling
 rigs, plant and equipment 
 3
 to 15 years 
 
 Furniture
 and fixtures 
 5
 years 
 
 Office
 equipment and tools 
 3
 to 6 years 
 
 Vehicles
 and cranes 
 5
 to 8 years 

 203 

 Property,
plant and equipment is reviewed for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the
carrying value of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Indicative events or circumstances include, but are not limited
to, matters such as a significant decline in market value or a significant change in business climate ("triggering events").
An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying value of an asset exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows from
the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. 

 The
amount of impairment loss recognized is the excess of the asset's carrying value over its fair value. In determining the
fair market value of the assets, the Company considers market trends and recent transactions involving sales of similar assets,
or when not available, discounted cash flow analysis. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying value
or the fair value less cost to sell. Upon sale or other disposition of an asset, the Company recognizes a gain or loss on disposal
measured as the difference between the net carrying value of the asset and the net proceeds received. 

 Goodwill 

 Goodwill
is the excess cost of an acquired entity over the amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. 

 Goodwill
is evaluated for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if circumstances require. The Company performs a qualitative
assessment to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the applicable reporting unit is less than its
carrying amount. If the Company determines, as a result of its qualitative assessment, that it is not more-likely-than-not that
the fair value of the applicable reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, no further testing is required. If the Company
determines, as a result of its qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the applicable reporting
unit is less than its carrying amount, a goodwill impairment assessment is performed using a two-step, fair value-based test.
Under the first step, goodwill is reviewed for impairment by comparing the carrying value
of the reporting unit's net assets (including allocated goodwill) to the fair value of the reporting unit. The fair value
of the reporting units is determined using a discounted cash flow approach. Determining the fair value of a reporting unit requires
judgment and the use of significant estimates and assumptions. Such estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates, discount
rates operating margins, weighted average costs of capital, market share and future market conditions, among others. If the reporting
unit's carrying value is greater than its fair value, a second step is performed whereby the implied fair value of goodwill
is estimated by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit in a hypothetical purchase price allocation analysis. If the amount
of goodwill resulting from this hypothetical purchase price allocation is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit's
goodwill, the recorded carrying value of goodwill is written down to the implied fair value. 

 Intangible
assets 

 The
Company's intangible assets with finite lives consist of customer contracts acquired
in connection with the acquisition of NPS Bahrain in 2014. The cost of intangible assets
with finite lives is amortized over the estimated period of economic benefit, ranging from 1 to 3 years. Asset lives are adjusted
whenever there is a change in the estimated period of economic benefit. No residual value has been assigned to these intangible
assets. 

 Intangible
assets with finite lives are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may
not be recoverable. These conditions may include a change in the extent or manner in which the asset is being used or a change
in future operations. The Company assesses the recoverability of the carrying amount by preparing estimates of future revenue,
margins, and cash flows. If the sum of expected future cash flows (undiscounted) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment
loss is recognized. The impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. Fair value
of these assets may be determined by a variety of methodologies, including discounted cash flow models. 

 204 

 Revenue
recognition 

 The
Company's revenues are generated principally from providing services and the related equipment. Revenues are recognized
when the services are rendered and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenues from services and equipment are based on fixed
or determinable priced purchase orders or contracts with the customer and do not include the right of return. Rates for services
and equipment are priced on a per day, per unit of measure, per man hour or similar basis. Sales taxes collected from customers
and remitted to governmental authorities are accounted for on a net basis and therefore are excluded from revenues in the consolidated
statements of income. Services performed but not billed at the end of the reporting period are classified as unbilled revenues.
The unbilled revenues for services performed are calculated based on the rates stated in the purchase orders or contracts with
the customers. The unbilled revenues are typically billed within one to six months depending on the nature of customer contract. 

 Zakat 

 Zakat
is provided for Saudi Arabian subsidiaries in accordance with Saudi Arabian fiscal regulation. The provision is not charged through
consolidated statement of income but instead charged through equity. Zakat is a shareholder obligation and is computed on the
Saudi shareholders' share of equity or net income using the basis defined under the Zakat regulations. 

 Income
taxes 

 The
Company is based in the Emirate of Dubai ("Dubai") in the UAE, where no federal taxation exists. Dubai has issued
corporate tax decrees that theoretically apply to all businesses established in the UAE. However, in practice, these laws have
not been applied. The Company has not paid or accounted for any payment of income taxes since its inception. The Company is aware
of the risk that the tax decrees may be more generally applied in Dubai in the future and of the remote risk that they may be
applied retrospectively. The Company has provided for income taxes based on the tax laws and rates in effect in the foreign countries
where the Company operates and earns income. The income taxes in these jurisdictions vary substantially. 

 The
Company recognizes the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the year. In addition, deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the financial statements or tax returns.
A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will not be realized. 

 In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion
or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets are dependent upon the
generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers
the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax-planning strategies in making this
assessment. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which
the deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits
of these deductible differences, net of the existing valuation allowances. 

 The
Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized
income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. The
Company recognizes interest and penalties related to an underpayment of income taxes, where applicable, in its consolidated statements
of operations as a component of income tax expense. 

 Internal
Controls and Procedures 

 NPS
is not currently required to comply with the SEC's rules implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, and
is therefore not required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of NPS's internal control over financial reporting.
Subsequent to becoming a subsidiary of a public company, NPS's publicly traded parent company will be required to comply
with the SEC's rules implementing Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which will require its management
to certify financial and other information in its quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the
effectiveness of NPS's internal control over financial reporting. 

 205 

 INFORMATION
ABOUT GES GROUP 

 Forward-Looking
Statements 

 The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes of NPS included
elsewhere in this proxy statement. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations, estimates
and assumptions concerning events and financial trends that may affect our future operating results or financial position. Actual
results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number
of factors, including those discussed in the sections entitled "Risk Factors" and "Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements." 

 Unless
otherwise stated, references 
in this section to the "Company," "us" or "we" refer to GES and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

 Overview 

 Gulf
Energy S.A.O.C. ("Gulf Energy" or "GES") is a leading provider of high quality integrated oilfield service
solutions in the Middle East and North Africa ("MENA"). Building on its initial success, GES has expanded its service
portfolio over the past 12 years and has evolved to provide a wide range of services throughout the oil and gas life cycle, including
exploration, development, production enhancement, remedial work on existing wells, and site abandonment. 

 The
company provides a broad suite of product and service offerings, operating under 5 main service lines; Well Intervention Services,
Drilling Technology Solutions, Fishing & Remedial Services, Drilling Technology Solutions, Performance Drilling & Evaluation,
and Others (including Work-over Services and Hoist). 

 GES
currently operates in the main oil producing countries of the MENA region, focusing on the diversified oilfield services market
of Oman. With our recent international expansion, GES is one of the fastest growing oilfield service providers in the MENA region
and has developed a footprint in KSA, UAE, Kuwait, Algeria, Iraq, Qatar, and Algeria. 

 The
Company has a track record of technical excellence with our clients, which is built on the expertise of our work force and the
ability to provide clients with customized solutions by deploying innovative and world class technology and equipment. 

 GES
has leveraged its technical abilities and track record of successful operations to establish long-tenured relationships with its
client base which includes almost all of the major operators in Oman as well as international clients like Sonatrach and the Kuwait
Oil Company. GES has a successful track record of extending the majority of its contracts over the past five years. 

 History
of GES 

 GES
was established as a Limited Liability company in the Sultanate of Oman and started its operations in 2005. The Company was founded
by Hilal Al Busaidy and Yasser Al Barami. The GES Founders jointly own 61% of GES, with SV3 Holdings Pte Limited owning 27.3%
and NESR Holdings Ltd. owning the remaining 11.7%. 

 In
2006, GES was awarded a Drilling Technology Services contract for the entire fleet of PDO rigs. The successful execution of this
contract along with a high level of technical performance demonstrated the Company's technical capabilities in the region.
Since then, the Company has won new contracts with other operators, including Occidental Petroleum and Medco, and has significantly
increased its market share. 

 GES
started its drilling and equipment rental business in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ("KSA") in September 2015 and Kuwait
in January 2016, followed by the introduction of fishing services started in Algeria in June 2016. 

 206 

 207 

 Our
Industry and Market 

 The
decline in oil prices since 2014 has severely affected activity levels across the world. Despite the volatility in global oil
markets, oilfield services in the Middle East remains relatively resilient due to: 

 (a) 
 Low
 project break-even points: In the Middle East, a combination of reserve size and ease of extraction typically results in the
 lowest break-even points in the industry, therefore many projects retain viability even in very low-price environments. 

 (b) 
 Upstream
 environment: Large operators typically sanction high CAPEX projects with long investment horizons. The dominance of national
 oil companies in the MENA region and the fundamental national need to keep producing results in a lower reactivity to depressed
 oil pricing. 

 (c) 
 Focus
 on appraisal/development: Activity levels within the MENA regions are focused on appraisal/development type work and are less
 impacted compared to regions with high exploration activity. 

 Since
July 2014 (when global activity reached its peak), onshore drilling and production activity levels have marginally improved in
the Company's key target markets (Oman, KSA, Kuwait and Algeria) in sharp contrast to global activity levels which have
fallen significantly. 

 208 

 Oilfield
Services is considered a key growth industry within the region and is distinguished by its resilience to low oil prices. Oilfield
Services spending levels are expected to fully recover in 2018. 

 GES
Domestic Market 

 GES's
largest drilling market is its home country of Oman. With strong growth in activity levels anticipated, both KSA and Kuwait are
likely to present drilling market opportunities of similar scale to Oman during 2018 to 2022. 

 The
dominance of the NOC (PDO) ensures that drilling and production activities are sustained despite the downturn. PDO plans to invest
more than $20 billion over the next five years, while BP's hazzan project will see 325 wells drilled over the next 15 years 

 Douglas
Westwood expects the coiled tubing market to grow substantially as it is increasingly used in place of more conventional tubing
for workover and well intervention, providing both time and monetary savings, which are critical considerations in Oman's
mature oil and gas market 

 GES
International Market 

 OPEC
members Saudi Arabia and Kuwait are both expecting to increase production of oil and gas despite the low oil price, helping to
limit the OFS expenditure decline. 

 Casing
and tubing services dominate expenditure in GES's addressable markets, accounting for 39% of spend. Coiled tubing will be
a key OFS growth sector within GES's international markets over the next five years, with this market expected to expand
significantly as maturing fields are increasingly utilizing coiled tubing solutions. 

 Our
Operations 

 The
company is structured as a holding company with subsidiaries set up for each service line, which are all marketed under the GES
brand umbrella. GES conducts its operations through 11 individual subsidiaries based in Oman and wholly owned by the Company.
For its international markets, GES conducts its operations via four additional locally incorporated subsidiaries in each of Kuwait,
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Algeria and Yemen. 

 209 

 210 

 List
of GES Subsidiaries 

 GES
 Subsidiary 
 
 Country
 of Formation 
 
 Benon
 Oil Services, LLC 
 
 Oman 
 
 IPS:
 99%; Mr. Hilal: 1% 

 Fishing
 and Remedial Experts Enterprise LLC 
 
 Oman 
 
 GES:
 99%; Mr Yasser: 1% 

 Gulf
 Drilling Fluids Technology LLC 
 
 Oman 
 
 GES:
 99%; Mr Hilal: 1% 

 Gulf
 Energy Services LLC 
 
 Oman 
 
 GES:
 99%; Mr Hilal: 1% 

 Intelligent
 Drilling Services LLC 
 
 Oman 
 
 GES:
 99%; Mr Yasser: 1% 

 Integrated
 Petroleum Services Company LLC 
 
 Oman 
 
 GES:
 99%; Mr. Abdul Hameed: 1% 

 Midwest
 Oilfield Services LLC 
 
 Oman 
 
 GES:
 99%; IDS: 1% 

 Sino
 Gulf Energy Enterprises LLC 
 
 Oman 
 
 GES:
 99.9%; FREE: 0.1% 

 Tamkeen
 Fracking LLC 
 
 Oman 
 
 GES:
 99%; Mr Hilal: 1% 

 Well
 Maintenance Services LLC 
 
 Oman 
 
 GES:
 99%; WSS: 1% 

 Well
 Solution Services LLC 
 
 Oman 
 
 GES:
 99%; IDS: 1% 

 Makamen
 Petroleum LLC 
 
 Oman 
 
 GES:
 75%; Makamen Investment: 25% 

 Tasneea
 Oil and Gas technology LLC 
 
 Oman 
 
 MIL:
 80% GES: 20% 

 Our
Services 

 Within
its markets, GES enjoys a strong position in Drilling Technology Solutions, Well Intervention and Fishing and Remedial Services.
Building on its initial success, the Company has expanded its services portfolio over the past few years. GES's current
range of products and services encompass the entire well services value chain. 

 211 

 Drilling
Technology Solutions 

 GES
provides drilling tools and machine shop services to oil and gas companies for conventional and unconventional drilling applications.
GES has been active in this service line since 2006 through its subsidiary, SGEE. The Company can offer its services to approximately
100 rigs per month and is currently the market leader in Oman. 

 Well
Intervention Services 

 GES
provides systems to perform work inside an existing well, to improve and maintain production performance. These systems can include
completion equipment, wellbore cleaning, and boring out existing casing, to access new production zones. GES has been active in
this service line since 2007. Key servicing units include Cementing Units, Sand Management Systems units and Coiled Tubing Units. 

 212 

 Fishing
and Remedial Services 

 GES
services various types of requirements such as milling, casing patches, work-over, abandonment, casing exit and open hole fishing.
The Company designs custom solutions and offers field engineers for implementation. For several products, GES has a technology
tie-up with NOV to supply high quality Bowen trademark tools. The Company has been active in this service line since 2009. 

 Work-over
Services 

 GES
services and performs activities required for well maintenance and remedial treatments. Key equipment / facilities include Hoists,
Flush-By Units & TMX unit. GES has been active in this service line since 2011. 

 Performance
Drilling and Evaluation 

 GES
offers drilling and evaluation equipment and services for activities related to find, characterize and drill a well. GES has been
providing these services since 2008. 

 Production
and Completion Services 

 GES
provides services for optimizing production throughout the life of a well. Artificial lift techniques are classified within this
segment and are used when the reservoir pressure is insufficient to produce economic quantities of oil / gas. GES offers various
artificial lift systems, such as beam pumps, gas lift system, progress cavity pumps and electrical submersible pumps. The Company
has been active in this service line since 2008. 

 Drilling
and completion fluids technology and services 

 GES
provides various types of drilling and completion fluids, and associated field and laboratory services. 

 Environmental
Services 

 These
services are essential remedial actions performed during and post the production activities to ensure that the well site (including
subsurface) is compliant with local environmental laws 

 Our
Strengths 

 &#9679; 
 GES
 has a well-established, diversified and fully integrated business offering 

 The
 Company has built a diversified range of oilfield services covering almost the entire suite of services required by its clients.
 This has allowed us to consolidate our position in Oman and to expand geographically 

 &#9679; 
 We
 have developed long standing relationship with core clients in the MENA region 

 We
 have a strong track record of contract renewals/extensions and customer retention. This is made possible by our high-quality
 customer service and technical excellence. GES has a successful track record of extending contracts with a renewal rate greater
 than 94% over the past 5 years, which is a good indicator of our strong client satisfaction. 

 &#9679; 
 High
 quality management team with substantial operational experience and expertise 

 213 

 &#9679; 
 Technological
 know-how and track record of servicing complex wells, including those in mature fields and high-water cut reservoirs. 

 Most
 of Oman's oil production is generated from technically challenging reservoirs. The country's reservoir formations
 are hard in nature, located in a wide range of depths and produce a wide range of API gravity oil. Due to these technical
 challenges, well rates and recover factors have generally been lower in the country compared to regional peers. 

 Offering
 oilfield services in this environment is particularly challenging as it requires domestic know-how, advanced engineering tools
 and cost-effective solutions. GES is a pioneer in many OFS technologies, with a successful track record of servicing complex
 wells. GES has a strong fleet of tools and equipment and advanced API certified facilities in Oman for the efficient maintenance
 and repair of its tools and equipment. 

 GES
 has demonstrated its technical expertise and innovation in its various service lines over the past few years. In several instances,
 the company was the first to carry out such activities in Oman, most of these initiatives led to significant time and cost
 savings for clients. 

 214 

 Our
Properties and Equipment 

 The
Company has 2 operating facilities in Oman, 1 in the North (Nizwa) and another in the South (Nimr). The Nizwa base has 4 operating
bases, API certified manufacturing workshops, 1 tubular inspection and repair facility and 1 BPO testing facility. The Nimr facility
has 4 operating bases and 1 API certified manufacturing workshop. The Nizwa facilities are held on land which is leased from the
Public Establishment for Industrial Estates (PEIE) on a long-term basis. The Nimr facilities are held on a land provided by our
customer, PDO. 

 GES
also has operating bases in each of KSA, Algeria and Kuwait which are held on rented premises. 

 The
Kuwait base, which includes 19 operations personnel and three support services personnel, runs Drilling Equipment services, Fishing
Equipment, CRT & TRS services. 

 Our
Key Customers 

 GES
provides services to all major clients in Oman and is targeting new overseas clients as part of its expansion strategy. GES has
a successful track record of extending the majority of its contracts over the past five years, which is a good indicator of our
strong client satisfaction. Our key clients include the following companies. 

 The
Company is pre-qualified (or eligible) to tender for contracts with all major clients across various service lines. Typically,
pre-qualification is done by a client by analyzing past performance, organizational capabilities, planning and control and risk
management capabilities of the contractor. GES's strong track record over the past few years has led to increasing number
of clients pre-qualifying it for future contracts. 

 215 

 Our
Workforce 

 The
GES senior management team has extensive industry knowledge and a background in working for large multinational corporations prior
to working in the Company. 

 At
GES, our people are our main asset, hence staff motivation and adequate training are considered key elements to promote our Company
to be a leader in providing its services, technology and solutions at the highest standards of quality. 

 GES
Oman has an estimated headcount of 1,050 employees out of which 750 are Omanis and the rest are expatriate from many nationalities.
In addition, 80 employees work in GES operations in Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Algeria. 

 216 

 Our
Company has a proven record and experience in training local skilled and non-skilled employees. The technical knowledge and competency
of these local employees is equivalent to their counterparts in the big international service providers. However, we believe that
our employees outperform the competition in their detailed knowledge of the local environment with its specific requirements and
also in their strong relationships with their native clients. 

 GES
has developed API Q2 compliant specific competency and performance standards for all its job positions. Competency assessment
for all employees are ongoing and are linked to specific training courses. 

 Health
and Safety Regulations 

 GES
has developed a very solid and advanced QHSE Management System which is based on our internal accident prevention program supported
by our web based GEAR portal to effectively manage our Risk Identification & Loss Reporting (RILR) system, QHSE Audits, QHSE
meetings, Emergency Response Drills and management visits highflying our very strong QHSE commitment. 

 217 

 With
more than 1000 employees and many subcontractors working under its management, GES annually contribute to more than 1 million
man-hours of a safe working environment and more than 9 million kilometers of safe driving. 

 With
strong QHSE management commitment and support, GES currently holds several QHSE accreditations such as ISO 9001, ISO 14001, OHSAS
18001, API Q1 certification, API 5CT certification, API 6A certification, API 7-1 certification etc. In 2018, GES is also in the
process of obtaining the prestigious API Q2 certification. 

 Throughout
its successful journey as a leading Oilfield Service Company, the QHSE performance of GES is very well appreciated by all our
valuable clients such as PDO, Occidental Oman and others. 

 PDO
has performed a detailed and extensive audit of the GES Group. GES was given an evaluation putting it in the Green Zone, which
exempts the entire company from HSE prequalification requirements for any further tenders for the next 3 years. 

 GES
follows HSE practices which are fully compliant with Omani Laws and recognized industry best practices. The management team sets
targets to maintain high standards of HSE performance throughout all Company operations and reduces HSE risks to reasonably practicable
levels. The key policy objectives are: 

 &#9679; 
 Systematic
 identification of risks to health, safety and implementation of measures to control risk to an acceptable level through the
 hazards and effects management process ( "HEMP" ) 

 &#9679; 
 Periodically
 setting and publishing specific health and safety targets in consultation with employees, with progress towards achieving
 these targets being monitored on a continuous basis by the management team 

 &#9679; 
 Providing
 appropriate financial and physical resources to implement this policy 

 &#9679; 
 Recognizing
 that management of health and safety is a prime responsibility of line management 

 &#9679; 
 Devote
 sufficient resources to ensure environmental friendly performance 

 &#9679; 
 To
 encourage full commitment of employees, the Company will ensure that: 

 &#9679; 
 Employees
 and their representatives are involved and consulted on HSE matters 

 &#9679; 
 Employees
 are aware of their general and specific HSE responsibilities 

 &#9679; 
 Employees
 receive appropriate information and training and are competent enough to carry out their duties and responsibilities 

 &#9679; 
 This
 policy and objectives are communicated, understood, implemented and maintained at all levels in the organization. This will
 be achieved by periodic review and auditing of this system to ensure its adequacy and effectiveness 

 &#9679; 
 The
 right of any employee to intervene in unsafe situations is upheld and encouraged without detriment to the employee 

 218 

 &#9679; 
 The
 Company has defined internal standards on HSE reporting, service quality reporting, PPE, injury prevention, mechanical lifting,
 driving and journey management, H 2 S, loss prevention team, training and competency, pressure, health, fire, management
 of change and exemption, hazard effects and management plan, audit, environmental management, contracting, business continuity
 and radiation (NORM). 

 Environmental
Regulation 

 GES
is subject to environmental laws and regulations and occupational health and safety laws and regulations in the countries where
it operates. Where applicable the Company has obtained and maintains licenses to operate through the local ministry of environment
or similar governmental authority. The Company has established and implemented an environmental health and safety management system
based on ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 and readily seeks to incorporate the best industry practices. In addition the Company remains
strictly accountable to each customer or operator it services and ensures that full compliance is maintained based on each customer's
requirements. 

 Gulf
Waste Management System 

 We
manage our waste in accordance with our internal waste management requirements and to meet government and client requirements.
Our main QHSE initiatives to manage waste are: 

 &#9679; 
 Segregation
 of the Solid Waste by Waste Category in Dedicated Waste Collection Skips with Proper Color Codes We segregate
 the hazardous waste using waste skips painted in orange, non-hazardous waste using waste skips painted in yellow, and recyclable
 waste using Waste collection skips painted in green. 

 &#9679; 
 Collection
 of Liquid Waste Liquid waste generated as part of our plant and equipment cleaning process and maintenance process
 is collected in the dedicated underground tanks which are specially painted and lined with acid and chemical resistant paints. 

 &#9679; 
 Waste
 Disposal We dispose of waste using "Waste Consignment Note" documenting the waste quantity and noting
 down the final government approved waste collection destination site through dedicated industrial zone and client approved
 waste collection transporters. 

 GES
Hazardous Material Management System: 

 &#9679; 
 Hazardous
 Chemical Purchasing Policy We buy only government and client approved chemicals through the local or international
 manufacturers and agents. 

 &#9679; 
 Material
 Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) No chemical is accepted by us unless we receive MSDS sheet along with the chemical delivery.

 &#9679; 
 Chemical
 Storage All hazardous chemicals are stored at our dedicated waste storage facilities available at our interior
 operational bases. These chemical storage facilities have been provided with exhaust fans, underground tanks to collect in
 case any spillage of the chemical and with restricted entry system under the designated store keeper. MSDS sheets are clearly
 displayed at all our chemical storage and handling facilities to deal with emergency situations. 

 219 

 &#9679; 
 Chemical
 Inventory We maintain the live inventory of all our chemicals through our web based GEARS ERP. 

 &#9679; 
 HSE
 Training We conduct internal and external HSE training for our employees who are involved in chemical handling
 and mixing activities. 

 Insurance 

 Our
operations are subject to the risks and hazards inherent to the oil and gas industry, including accidents, blowouts, explosions,
oil spills and fires. These risks and hazards can lead to personal injury, loss of life, damage to property, equipment and the
environment and an interruption in operations. Furthermore, if an accident occurs where our equipment is being used, we could
be named as a defendant to a lawsuit with significant claims. Despite our stringent safety standards, accidents have occurred
and it is expected that future accidents could occur. The frequency of these accidents affects our operating costs and insurability,
and it is in our interest to minimize the number of accidents. GES has among the best safety and job incident records in the industry. 

 We
have a variety of insurance coverages for our operations, but our insurance policies may not cover all aspects of a loss. Insurance
rates have been subject to market conditions, and as such coverage, premium costs and higher deductibles can change year over
year. Our insurance includes coverage for commercial general liability, damage sustained to our mobile equipment, damage sustained
to our properties, worker compensation and other specialty risks. Our insurance policies have various limits and deductibles,
which must be met to warrant recovery through insurance. 

 GES
manages its insurance requirements on a company-wide basis. The Company has valid insurance cover against any property, plant
and equipment damage for a total insured amount in excess of $25 million. Separately, GES is insured against contractual liabilities
and comprehensive general and third-party liabilities in the sum of $5 million in a single instance and $25 million in the aggregate. 

 Legal
Proceedings 

 Given
the nature of our business, on occasion and in the ordinary course of business, we are involved in litigation and disputes related
to our business activities, including work related claims. It is important to maintain good relationships with our employees to
minimize litigation and to invest in equipment maintenance in order to reduce the possibility of accidents occurring. A risk assessment
on all projects is undertaken to ensure that projects are possible and safe. We believe that none of the pending suits against
us, if an unfavorable outcome were to be reached, would have a material adverse impact on our business operations. 

 220 

 COMPENSATION
OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF GES 

 Summary
Compensation Table 

 This
section provides an overview of the GES executive compensation program, including a narrative description of the material factors
necessary to understand the information disclosed in the summary compensation table below. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2017, GES's named executive officers were: 

 Name
 of officer 
 Hire
 Date 
 Designation 
 
 Hilal
 Al Busaidy 
 January
 1, 2004 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Yasser
 Al Barami 
 January
 1, 2006 
 Chief
 Commercial Officer 
 
 Nayan
 Kumar Vora 
 January
 13, 2007 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

 The
objective of GES's compensation program is to provide a total compensation package to each named executive officer that
will enable GES to attract, motivate and retain outstanding individuals, reward named executive officers for performance and align
the financial interests of each named executive officer with the interests of GES's stockholders to encourage each named
executive officer to contribute to GES's long-term performance and success. 

 Historically
the GES board of directors has determined the compensation for GES's named executive officers. The current compensation
structure consists of base salary, bonuses, and post-employment benefits. 

 As
an emerging growth company, GES has opted to comply with the executive compensation rules applicable to "smaller reporting
companies," as such term is defined under the Exchange Act. This section discusses the material elements of compensation
awarded to, earned by or paid to GES's principal executive officer and two next most highly compensated executive officers.
These individuals are referred to as GES's named executive officers. 

 The
following is a discussion and analysis of the compensation arrangements of the GES named executive officers, for services rendered
in 2017 and 2016. 

 Year 

 Salary 

 Bonus 

 Stock 
 Awards 

 Option 
 Awards 

 Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensation 

 Non- 
 Qualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 

 All
 Other 
 Compensation 

 Total 

 Hilal
 Al Busaidy 

 2017 

 935,065 

 420,779 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 51,086 

 1,406,930 

 2016 

 935,065 

 181,818 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 31,609 

 1,148,492 

 Yasser
 Al Barami 

 2017 

 935,065 

 420,779 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 21,375 

 1,377,219 

 2016 

 935,065 

 181,818 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 21,480 

 1,138,363 

 Nayan
 Kumar Vora 

 2017 

 221,818 

 87,273 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 13,686 

 322,777 

 2016 

 218,182 

 18,182 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 32,684 

 269,048 

 221 

 Narrative
to Summary Compensation Table 

 Base
Salary 

 The
annual salaries for Hilal Al Busaidy and Yasser AL Barami for the years 2017 and 2016 amounted to $935,065 each. Pursuant to a
board resolution in July 2015, the monthly salaries for Hilal Al Busaidy and Yasser Al Barami were each increased from $ 58,442
per month to $87,662 per month, effective September 2015. The annual salary for Nayan Kumar Vora was $221,818 in 2017 and $218,182
in 2016. 

 Bonuses

 Bonuses
are based on the company's financial performance as well as each employee's individual performance against a defined
set of objectives, which is evaluated by the executive management team on an annual basis. All bonuses are calculated in accordance
with the company's bonus policy. 

 In
the years 2017 and 2016, Hilal Al Busaidy's bonus amounted to $420,779 and $181,818 respectively. 

 In
the years 2017 and 2016, Yasser Al Barami's bonus amounted to $420,779 and $181,818 respectively. 

 In
the years 2017 and 2016, Nayan Kumar Vora's bonus amounted to $87,273 and $ 18,182 respectively. 

 All
Other Compensation 

 The
company provides some additional benefits to employees and executive management, including medical insurance covering the employees
and their families. For directors and executive management, the company also reimburses school tuition fees for children. In 2017,
all other compensation paid to Hilal Al Busaidy amounted to $51,086 ($1,398 for medical insurance premiums and $49,688 for school
tuition) and in 2016 all other compensation amounted to $31,609 ($1,398 for medical insurance premiums and $30,211 for school
tuition). In 2017, all other compensation paid to Yasser Al Barami amounted to $21,480 ($233 for medical insurance premiums and
$21,247 for school tuition) and in 2016 all other compensation amounted to $21,375 ($233 for medical insurance premiums and $21,142
for school tuition). In 2017, all other compensation paid to Nayan Kumar Vora amount to $13,686 ($699 for medical insurance premiums
and $12,987 for annual leave ticket entitlement) and in 2016 all other compensation amounted to $32,864 ($699 for medical insurance
premiums, $19,178 for school tuition and $12,987 for annual leave ticket entitlement). 

 222 

 Executive
Employment Agreements 

 Hilal
Al Busaidy 

 Hilal
Al Busaidy was one of the co-founders of the company in 2004. Currently, he is the CEO and a director on the Board of Directors.
In July 2015, the GES board of directors approved his salary increase from $58,442 per month to $87,662 per month, effective September
2015. Following this increase, his annual salary for 2017 and 2016 amounted to $935,065. 

 In
accordance with his employment contract and the company's bonus policy, Hilal is entitled to receive a bonus of up to 60%
of his annual salary. The bonuses paid to him in 2017 and 2016 amounted to $420,779 and $181,818, respectively. 

 Hilal
is also entitled to receive reimbursement of school tuition fees for up to 4 children. In 2017 the tuition fees reimbursement
amounted to $49,688 for 3 children and in 2016 amounted to $30,211 for four children. Another contract entitlement is medical
insurance coverage which amounted to $1,398 in each of 2016 and 2017. 

 Hilal
is also entitled to an end of service benefit equivalent to two months' basic salary and calculated based on the last drawn
salary. His end of services entitlement amounted to $155,844 for both the year ended December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016. 

 Yasser
Al Barami 

 Yasser
Al Barami is a co-founder of the company. Currently, he is the Chief Operating Officer and the Chairman of the Board of Directors.
In July 2015, Yasser's salary was increased from $58,442 per month to $87,662 per month, effective September 2015. Following
this increase, his annual salary for 2017 and 2016 amounted to $935,065. 

 In
accordance with this employment contract and the company's bonus policy, Yasser is entitled to receive a bonus of up to
60% of his annual salary. The bonuses paid in 2017 and 2016 amounted to $420,779 and $181,818, respectively. 

 Yasser
is also entitled to receive reimbursement of school tuition fees for up to 4 children. In 2017 the tuition fees reimbursement
for two children amounted to $21,142 and in 2016 amounted to $21,247. Another contract entitlement is medical insurance coverage
which amounted to $1,398 in each of 2016 and 2017. 

 Yasser
is also entitled to an end of service benefit equivalent to two months' basic salary and calculated based on the last drawn
salary. His end of services entitlement amounted to $155,844 for both the year ended December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016. 

 223 

 Nayan
Kumar Vora 

 Nayan
Kumar Vora joined the company in 2007 as Finance Director for SGEE. In 2012, he was promoted to the Group Chief Financial Officer
for Gulf Energy. The annual salary for Nayan Kumar Vora in 2017 and 2016 amounted to $221,818 and $218,182 respectively. 

 In
accordance with his employment contract and the company's bonus policy, Nayan is entitled to receive a bonus up to 40% of
his gross annual salary. The bonus paid to him in 2017 and 2016 amounted to $87,273 and $18,182 respectively. 

 In
addition, Nayan is entitled to annual business class tickets for him and his family. The value of this benefit amounted to $12,987
in each of the years 2017 and 2016. Another contract entitlement is medical insurance coverage which amounted to $699 in each
of 2017 and 2016. Nayan is also entitled to reimbursement of school tuition fees for his children's education. No tuition
was paid out in 2017, but in 2016 the tuition reimbursements amounted to $19,178 respectively for 1 child. 

 In
accordance with his employment contract, an end of service benefit is payable to Nayan is based on 30 days for each year of service.
This is calculated based on the last drawn gross salary. At the end 2017, the end of service benefit entitlement amounted to $219,452
and at the end of 2016 it amounted to $181,249. 

 Compensation
of Directors 

 The
following table summarizes the total compensation earned for 2017 and 2016 for GES directors. 

 Year 
 Fees
 earned or paid in cash 
 Stock
 awards 
 Option
 awards 
 Non-equity
 incentive plan compensation 
 Change
 in pension value and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings 
 All
 other compensation 
 Total 
 
 Hilal
 Al Busaidy 
 2017 
 7,792 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,792 

 2016 
 6,494 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,494 
 
 Yasser
 Al Barami 
 2017 
 10,390 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10,390 

 2016 
 10,390 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10,390 
 
 Nayan
 Kumar Vora 
 2017 
 6,494 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,494 

 2016 
 6,494 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,494 
 
 Shaima
 Al Busaidy 
 2017 
 7,792 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,792 

 2016 
 5,195 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,195 
 
 Sayyid
 Wasfi Jamsid Al Said 
 2017 
 5,195 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,195 

 2016 
 5,195 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,195 
 
 Andrew
 Lyndon Waite 
 2017 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

 2016 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Sherif
 Nabil Amin Foda 
 2017 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

 2016 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Marshall
 Kipling Allen 
 2017 
 1,299 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,299 

 2016 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

 Director
compensation is approved by the Ordinary General Meeting (OGM) every year. Regardless of their employment status, each Director
receives $1,299 for each board meeting and the Chairman receives $2,598 per meeting. 

 In
2017 seven total board meeting took place, and in 2016 five meetings took place. 

 Hilal
Al Busaidy Board member and CEO, was paid $7,792 in 2017 and $6,494 in 2016. 

 Yasser
Al Barami - Chairperson and CCO, was paid $10,390 in 2017 and 2016. 

 Nayan
Kumar Vora Board member and CFO, was paid $6,494 in 2017 and 2016. 

 Shaima
Al Busaidy Board member and Treasury Manager, was paid $7,792 in 2017 and $5,195 in 2016. 

 Sayyid
Wasfi Jamshid Al Said - Deputy Chairperson, was paid $5,195 in 2017 and 2016. 

 Marshall
Kipling Allen Board member, was paid $1,299 in 2017. Marshall was not an active board member prior to 2017. 

 Andrew
Lyndon Waite Board member, did not receive compensation in either 2016 or 2017. 

 Sherif
Nabil Amin Foda - Board member, did not receive compensation in either 2016 or 2017. 

 Although
Mr. Waite and Mr. Foda were appointed as Directors in November 2017, they did not attend any Board meetings in 2017 and therefore
did not receive any compensation in the year 2017. 

 224 

 GES
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

 FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes of GES included
elsewhere in this proxy statement. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations, estimates
and assumptions concerning events and financial trends that may affect our future operating results or financial position. Actual
results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number
of factors, including those discussed in the sections entitled "Risk Factors" and "Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements." 

 References
in this section to the "Company," "us" or "we" refer to GES. 

 Description
of the Business 

 GES
was incorporated in the Sultanate of Oman as a limited liability company on May 31, 2005. On June 20, 2013, GES became a closed
Omani joint stock company. The business activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as "the Company")
include providing drilling equipment on rental and related services, providing well engineering services, directional drilling
services, import and sale of oilfield equipment and rendering of specialized services to oil companies. GES operates in the Sultanate
of Oman and consists of thirteen locally incorporated subsidiaries. 

 GES
operates in key geographies across the Middle East and North Africa ("MENA") region, especially focusing on the diversified
oilfield services market of Oman. GES has established a solid position in drilling technology solutions, well intervention and
fishing & remedial services. GES has expanded its services portfolio in recent years and now the company provides a broad
suite of product and service offerings that are essential in the drilling and completion of new oil and natural gas wells and
in the remedial work on existing wells. GES operates through eight service lines: Well Intervention Services, Drilling Technology
Solutions, Fishing & Remedial Services, Work-over Services, Performance Drilling & Evaluation, Production & Completion
Services, Drilling & Completion Fluids Technology and Services, and Environmental Services. 

 Most
of Oman's oil production is generated from technically challenging reservoirs. The country's reservoir formations
are hard in nature, located in a wide range of depths and produce a wide range of American Petroleum Institute (API) gravity oil.
Due to these technical challenges, well rates and recovery factors are generally lower in the country as compared to regional
peers. GES has a strong fleet of tools and equipment and advanced API certified facilities for efficient maintenance and repair
of its tools and equipment. These facilities are located in each of Nizwa, to support operations in the North of Oman, and in
Nimr, to support operations in the South. 

 Marketing
and Customers 

 GES
has leveraged its technical abilities and track record of successful operations to establish long-tenured relationships with its
client base which includes the major operators in Oman, in particular Petroleum Development Oman (PDO), British Petroleum (BP),
Occidental Petroleum Corporation (OXY), and Medco Energy. We are also currently working to increase our operations with international
clients like Saudi Aramco, Sonatrach and Kuwait Oil Company. In our target regions, contract duration is typically at least three
years and customer retention rates are generally high across as clients do not switch oilfield service providers frequently. GES
has a successful track record of extending its contracts with a renewal rate greater than 90% over the past five years. 

 Products
and Services 

 Business
 segment 

 Oman 

 Saudi
 Arabia 

 Kuwait 

 Algeria 

 Well
 Intervention 

 &#10003; 

 Drilling
 Technology Solutions 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 Fishing
 & Remedial 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 &#10003; 

 Work-over 

 &#10003; 

 Cementing 

 &#10003; 

 Performance
 Drilling & Evaluation 

 &#10003; 

 Performance
 Drilling & Evaluation 

 &#10003; 

 Production
 & Completion 

 &#10003; 

 Drilling
 & Completion Fluids 

 &#10003; 

 225 

 Industry
Trends 

 GES
operates in key geographies across the MENA region, which continues to be a vital source of global energy supply and stability.
The rapid decline and volatility in oil prices seen between 2014 and 2016 had severely affected activity levels across the world.
According to Douglas Westwood Onshore Drilling and Production Outlook dated Q4 2017, during the recent industry downturn the MENA
region saw less of a reduction in oil and gas activities than North America. In many MENA countries, the energy sector continues
to serve as the major source of national revenues. Even at lower oil and gas prices, such oil and gas dependent economies have
continued to maintain significant production activities. Further, the Middle East markets have among the lowest breakeven cost
of oil and natural gas production in the world, which enables them to continue to produce profitably at significantly lower commodity
prices. Projected increases in energy demand are expected to lead to sustained capital expenditures on drilling, completion and
production of oil and natural gas wells in the MENA region. 

 Key
Performance Indicators 

 GES
uses a variety of operational and financial measures to assess its performance. Among the measures considered by management are
Revenue, Net income, and Adjusted EBITDA. 

 Revenue 

 GES
analyzes its revenue by comparing actual monthly revenue to internal projections and prior periods in order to assess performance,
identify potential areas for improvement, and determine whether the business is meeting management's expectations. 

 Net
Income 

 GES
views net income as an important indicator in order to assess performance, identify potential areas for improvement, and determine
whether the business is meeting management's expectations. 

 Adjusted
EBITDA 

 GES
views Adjusted EBITDA as an additional important indicator of performance. GES defines Adjusted EBITDA as net income plus interest
expense, taxes, and depreciation, amortization and impairment. 

 Note
Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

 Adjusted
EBITDA is not a financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP. GES believes that the presentation of this non-GAAP financial
measure will provide useful information to investors in assessing its financial performance and results of operations as GES's
board of directors, management and investors use Adjusted EBITDA to assess its financial performance because it allows them to
compare GES's operating performance on a consistent basis across periods by removing the effects of its capital structure
(such as varying levels of interest expense), asset base (such as depreciation and amortization) and items outside the control
of its management team. This non-GAAP financial measure should not be considered as an alternative to the most directly comparable
GAAP financial measure. This non-GAAP financial measure has important limitations as an analytical tool because it excludes some
but not all items that affect the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. You should not consider Adjusted EBITDA in
isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of GES's results as reported under GAAP. Because Adjusted EBITDA may be defined
differently by other companies in its industry, GES's definition of this non-GAAP financial measure may not be comparable
to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing its utility. GES's financial statements in this proxy
statement are presented in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board. 

 226 

 Executive
Overview 

 During
both 2016 and 2017, the industry faced a challenging environment in many of our key markets. Our primary focus was to maintain
our market share in Oman while expanding our geographical footprint and service offering in order to sustain our long-term growth
plans. 

 Our
2016 results include: 

 &#9679; 
 Net
 revenue dropped by RO 1.68 million or 2%, driven largely by lower activity in our core market in Oman and slower than anticipated
 growth in other markets. Although we were faced with some pricing erosion as a result of discounts granted to our customers,
 we have partially curtailed the decrease in revenue through better execution of our contracts as well as offering additional
 value-added services to our clients. 

 &#9679; 
 Net
 income increased by RO 0.21 million and remained flat at 15% of revenue in both years. Despite the decrease in revenue, net
 income was maintained largely as a result of cost optimization measures which were undertaken by the company during the year
 and which have resulted in a higher gross profit including optimization of headcount levels, renegotiation of contract rates
 with key suppliers and enhanced control over inventory ordering, with a resulting decrease in materials and supply expense 

 &#9679; 
 Adjusted
 EBITDA increased by RO 1.71 million or 7% in 2016. As a percentage of revenue, Adjusted EBITDA was 34% and 31% for 2016 and
 2015 year ended. Despite the drop in revenue, Adjusted EBITDA increased by 3% mainly due to the cost reduction measures undertaken
 by the company during the year. 

 Our
2017 results include: 

 &#9679; 
 Net
 revenue decreased by RO 7.87 million or 10% as compared to the prior year. The decrease was due to the expiry of a significant
 client contracts of RO 6.7 million combined with lower activity under ongoing contracts of RO 1.17 million. 

 &#9679; 
 Net
 income increased by RO 1.69 million or 14%, from 15% of revenue in 2016 to 20% of revenue in 2017, mostly due to the cost
 reduction measures initiated throughout 2016 for which the full impact was realized in 2017 combined with the absence of intangible
 amortization in 2017 (as compared to RO 0.8 million in 2016), all of which were partly offset by a higher income tax expense
 resulting from an increase in the statutory tax rate in Oman. 

 &#9679; 
 
 Adjusted
 EBITDA increased by RO 0.03 million or less than 1% as compared to the prior year. As a percentage of revenue, Adjusted EBITDA
 increased from 34% of revenue in 2016 to 37% of revenue in 2017, largely due to continued cost optimization measures being
 taken by the company during 2017 in addition to the cost reduction actions which were initiated throughout 2016 and for which
 the company realized the full benefit in 2017. 

 Since
2016, our key focus was on client service delivery, enhancing our market share in Oman as well as developing business opportunities
in new regional markets. The following highlights a few examples of strategic actions that occurred during the year that will
help position us well for long-term value creation. 

 &#9679; 
 In
 Oman, we have secured renewal of our main contracts for a minimum period of 5 years. Specifically, we have renewed our Cementing
 contract in March 2017 and our Coil Tubing and Stimulation contract in October 2017. 

 &#9679; 
 We
 have been awarded a 10-year exclusive contract for Casing accessories which was secured through our In-Country Value manufacturing
 plan. 

 We
believe that an increased demand for our services in future years will be driven by the following: 

 &#9679; 
 Strengthening
 of oil prices which has created increases in our customer drilling budgets as well as an expected increase in rig count in
 the MENA region; 

 &#9679; 
 Expanding
 our service offerings in existing key markets as well as through expanding our operations into new geographies; 

 &#9679; 
 Increasing
 our focus on key markets for higher technology and value-added services lines. 

 227 

 Results
of Operations 

 The
discussions below relating to significant line items from our consolidated statements of income (loss) are based on available
information and represent our analysis of significant changes or events that impact the comparability of reported amounts. Where
appropriate, we have identified specific events and changes that affect comparability or trends and, where reasonably practicable,
have quantified the impact of such items. In addition, the discussions below for revenue and cost of revenue are on a total basis
as the business drivers for all services are similar. All amounts in tabulations in this section are in Omani Rials, unless otherwise
stated. 

 The
following is a comparison of our result of operations for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to the year ended December
31, 2016: 

 For
 the year ended 31 December 

 As
 % of 
 Revenues 

 Variance 

 Description 
 
 2017 

 2016 

 2017 

 2016 

 RO 

 % 

 RO 

 RO 

 Net
 revenue 

 71,733,523 

 79,601,144 

 100 
 % 

 100 
 % 

 (7,867,621 
 ) 

 (10 
 )% 
 
 Direct
 costs 

 (20,901,708 
 ) 

 (26,585,671 
 ) 

 29 
 % 

 33 
 % 

 (5,683,963 
 ) 

 (21 
 )% 
 
 Staff
 costs 

 (19,869,243 
 ) 

 (19,897,718 
 ) 

 28 
 % 

 25 
 % 

 (28,475 
 ) 

 ( 1 
 )% 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 

 (8,545,564 
 ) 

 (9,959,269 
 ) 

 12 
 % 

 13 
 % 

 (1,413,705 
 ) 

 (14 
 )% 
 
 Gross
 profit 

 22,417,008 

 23,158,486 

 31 
 % 

 29 
 % 

 (741,478 
 ) 

 (3 
 )% 
 
 Administrative
 and general expense 

 (6,721,974 
 ) 

 (8,070,951 
 ) 

 9 
 % 

 10 
 % 

 (1,348,977 
 ) 

 (17 
 )% 
 
 Impairment
 of intangible assets 

 - 

 (803,727) 

 N/A 

 1 
 % 

 (803,727 
 ) 

 N/A 

 Finance
 costs 

 (1,487,436 
 ) 

 (1,465,787 
 ) 

 2 
 % 

 2 
 % 

 21,649 

 1 
 % 
 
 Finance
 income 

 619,261 

 550,476 

 1 
 % 

 1 
 % 

 68,785 

 12 
 % 
 
 Other
 income 

 1,621,333 

 1,232,743 

 2 
 % 

 2 
 % 

 388,590 

 32 
 % 
 
 Share
 of loss of equity-accounted investee (net of tax) 

 378,332 

 (76,179 
 ) 

 1 
 % 

 1 
 % 

 454,511 

 597 
 % 
 
 Profit
 before taxation 

 16,826,524 

 14,525,061 

 23 
 % 

 18 
 % 

 2,301,463 

 16 
 % 
 
 Income
 tax expense 

 (2,820,955 
 ) 

 (2,214,302 
 ) 

 4 
 % 

 3 
 % 

 606,653 

 27 
 % 
 
 Net
 profit and total comprehensive income for the year 

 14,005,569 

 12,310,759 

 20 
 % 

 15 
 % 

 1,694,810 

 14 
 % 

 The
following is a non-GAAP measure used by the Company to assess its results of operations: 

 (In
 Omani Rials) 
 
 Twelve
 Months Ended December 31, 

 As
 % of 
 Revenues 

 Variance 

 Description 
 
 2017 

 2016 

 2017 

 2016 

 RO 

 % 

 Net
 income 

 14,005,569 

 12,310,759 

 20 
 % 

 15 
 % 

 1,694,810 

 14 
 % 
 
 Add:
 Income tax expense 

 2,820,955 

 2,214,302 

 4 
 % 

 3 
 % 

 606,653 

 27 
 % 
 
 Less:
 Finance income 

 (619,261 
 ) 

 (550,476 
 ) 

 1 
 % 

 1 
 % 

 68,785 

 12 
 % 
 
 Add:
 Finance costs 

 1,487,436 

 1,465,787 

 2 
 % 

 2 
 % 

 21,649 

 1 
 % 
 
 Add:
 Depreciation and amortization (1) 

 9,008,869 

 10,430,533 

 13 
 % 

 13 
 % 

 (1,421,664 
 ) 

 (14 
 )% 
 
 Add:
 Impairment of PP&E 

 - 

 803,727 

 N/A 

 10 
 % 

 (803,727 
 ) 

 N/A 

 Adjusted
 EBITDA 

 26,703,568 

 26,674,632 

 37 
 % 

 34 
 % 

 28,936 

 1 
 % 

 (1)
The depreciation and amortization value above includes amounts recorded under Administrative and General Expense. 

 228 

 Net
revenue. Net revenue is comprised of gross revenue from the sale of products and services less volume discounts. Net revenue
for the year ended December 31, 2017 decreased by RO 7.87 million, or 10%, to RO 71.73 million from RO 79.60 million for the year
ended December 31, 2016. The decrease was due to the expiry of a significant client contracts of RO 6.7 million combined with
lower activity under ongoing contracts of RO 1.17 million. 

 Direct
costs. Direct costs for the year ended December 31, 2017 decreased by RO 5.68 million, or 21%, to RO 20.90 million from
RO 26.59 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. Direct cost as a percentage of total revenue for the year ended December
31, 2017 was 29% compared to 33% for the year ended December 31, 2016, which represents a decrease of 4%. Such decrease was mainly
due to a decline in activity and revenue combined with the impact of cost reduction measures undertaken throughout the current
and prior years, including renegotiation of contract rates with key suppliers as well as enhanced controls over inventory ordering
resulting in lower material and supply spend. 

 Staff
Cost. Staff cost for the year ended December 31, 2017 decreased by RO 0.03 million, or less than 1%, to RO 19.87 million
from RO 19.90 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. Staff cost as a percentage of total revenue for the year ended December
31, 2017 was 28% compared to 25% for the year ended December 31, 2016, which represents an increase of 3%. This increase was driven
by statutory increase in annual salaries for local staff of 3% (as required by local laws) which was largely offset by reductions
in staff headcount to align with the reduced activity and revenue. 

 Depreciation
and Amortization Cost . Depreciation and amortization cost for the year ended December 31, 2017 decreased by RO 1.41 million,
or 14%, to RO 8.55 million from RO 9.96 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. Depreciation and amortization cost as a
percentage of total revenue for both the year ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 was 12% and 13%, which represents a decrease of
1%. This decrease in depreciation and amortization cost was driven by some fixed assets becoming fully depreciated during the
year as well as tighter controls on new capital expenditures and reduced amortization of intangibles due to impairments recorded
in 2016. 

 Administrative
and general expense. Administrative and general expense, which represents costs associated with managing and supporting
our operations, decreased by RO 1.35 million, or 17%, to RO 6.72 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 from RO 8.07 million
for the year ended December 31, 2016. The decrease in administrative and general expenses is related to a decrease in insurance
premiums due to renewal of policies with lower rates and other cost control actions in light of the activity drop, a contingency
provision for a legal case made in 2016 amounting to RO 0.8 million, and partially offset by the statutory increase in local staff
salaries (3%). 

 Finance
Cost. Finance cost increased by RO 0.02 million, or 1%, to RO 1.49 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 from RO
1.47 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The minor increase was due to higher utilization of working capital. 

 Finance
Income. Finance Income increased by RO 0.07 million, or 12% to RO 0.62 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 from
RO 0.55 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. This increase is due to the increase of the related party receivables of
Mubadrah. 

 Other
income, net. Other income, net, increased by RO 0.39 million, or 32% to RO 1.62 million for the year ended December 31,
2017 from RO 1.23 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase is due to gain on sale of property, plant and equipment
and increase in liabilities written back. 

 Share
of profit / loss of equity-accounted investee, net of tax. Increased by RO 0.45 million, or 597% to RO 0.38 million for
the year ended December 31, 2017 from RO 0.08 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase is due to the profit
of Tasneaa Oil and Gas Technology LLC. 

 Taxation.
 Taxation increased by RO 0.61 million, or 27%, to RO 2.82 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 from RO 2.21 million
for the year ended December 31, 2016. This increase is due to both higher profits in 2017 combined with an increase in the local
statutory tax rate from 12% to 15%. 

 Net
Profit. Net profit was RO 14.01 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared with net income of RO 12.31 million
for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

 229 

 The
following is a comparison of our results of operations for 2016 and 2015. 

 for
 the year ended 31 December 

 As
 % of 
 Revenues 

 Variance 

 Description 
 
 2016 

 2015 

 2016 

 2015 

 RO 

 % 

 Net
 revenue 

 79,601,144 

 81,283,894 

 100 
 % 

 100 
 % 

 (1,682,750 
 ) 

 (2 
 )% 
 
 Direct
 costs 

 (26,585,671 
 ) 

 (28,893,577 
 ) 

 33 
 % 

 36 
 % 

 (2,307,906 
 ) 

 (8 
 )% 
 
 Staff
 costs 

 (19,897,718 
 ) 

 (20,993,730 
 ) 

 25 
 % 

 26 
 % 

 (1,096,012 
 ) 

 (5 
 )% 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 

 (9,959,269 
 ) 

 (9,216,848 
 ) 

 13 
 % 

 11 
 % 

 742,421 

 8 
 % 
 
 Gross
 profit 

 23,158,486 

 22,179,739 

 29 
 % 

 27 
 % 

 978,747 

 4 
 % 
 
 Administrative
 and general expense 

 (8,070,951 
 ) 

 (7,545,108 
 ) 

 10 
 % 

 9 
 % 

 525,843 

 7 
 % 
 
 Impairment 

 (803,727 
 ) 

 - 

 1 
 % 

 0 
 % 

 803,727 

 N/A 

 Finance
 cost 

 (1,465,787 
 ) 

 (1,691,607 
 ) 

 2 
 % 

 2 
 % 

 (225,820 
 ) 

 (13 
 )% 
 
 Finance
 income 

 550,476 

 306,925 

 1 
 % 

 1 
 % 

 243,551 

 79 
 % 
 
 Other
 income 

 1,232,743 

 903,930 

 2 
 % 

 1 
 % 

 328,813 

 36 
 % 
 
 Share
 of loss of equity-accounted investee, net of tax) 

 (76,179 
 ) 

 (174,057 
 ) 

 1 
 % 

 1 
 % 

 (97,878 
 ) 

 (56 
 )% 
 
 Profit
 before taxation 

 14,525,061 

 13,979,822 

 18 
 % 

 17 
 % 

 545,239 

 4 
 % 
 
 Income
 tax expense 

 (2,214,302 
 ) 

 (1,882,372 
 ) 

 3 
 % 

 2 
 % 

 331,930 

 18 
 % 
 
 Net
 profit and total comprehensive income for the year 

 12,310,759 

 12,097,450 

 15 
 % 

 15 
 % 

 213,309 

 2 
 % 

 The
following is a non-GAAP measure used by the Company to assess its results of operations: 

 (In
 Omani Rials) 
 
 Year
 Ended December 31, 

 As
 % of 
 Revenues 

 Variance 

 Description 
 
 2016 

 2015 

 2016 

 2015 

 $ 

 % 

 Net
 income 

 12,310,759 

 12,097,450 

 15 
 % 

 15 
 % 

 213,309 

 2 
 % 
 
 Add:
 Income tax expense 

 2,214,302 

 1,882,372 

 3 
 % 

 2 
 % 

 331,930 

 18 
 % 
 
 Less:
 Finance income 

 (550,476 
 ) 

 (306,925 
 ) 

 1 
 % 

 1 
 % 

 243,551 

 79 
 % 
 
 Add:
 Finance cost 

 1,465,787 

 1,691,607 

 2 
 % 

 2 
 % 

 (225,820 
 ) 

 (13 
 )% 
 
 Add:
 Depreciation and amortization 

 10,430,533 

 9,596,438 

 13 
 % 

 12 
 % 

 834,095 

 9 
 % 
 
 Add:
 Impairment of PP&E 

 803,727 

 1 
 % 

 N/A 

 803,727 

 N/A 

 Adjusted
 EBITDA 

 26,674,632 

 24,960,942 

 34 
 % 

 31 
 % 

 1,713,690 

 7 
 % 

 (1)
The depreciation and amortization amount includes amounts recorded under Administrative and general expense 

 Net
revenue. Net revenue is comprised of revenue from the sale of products and of services less volume discounts. Revenue
in 2016 decreased by RO 1.68 million, or 2%, to RO 79.60 million from RO 81.28 million in 2015. This decrease is due to a price
reduction of RO 7.1 million on the renewal of a key client contract and the absence of activity in Yemen resulting from civil
unrest leading to a decrease of RO 2.1 million, both of which were partially compensated by higher activity and job assignment
on existing service contracts. 

 Direct
costs . Direct costs in 2016 decreased by RO 2.31 million, or 8%, to RO 26.59 million from RO 28.90 million
in 2015. Direct cost as a percentage of total revenue in 2016 was 33% compared to 36% in 2015, which represents a decrease of
3%. Such decrease was due to the negotiation of lower third-party rental rates by RO 1.5 million and the release of excess accruals
from prior periods upon finalization of contract rate negotiations with key suppliers in 2016 ( RO 1.5 million), both of which
were partially offset by an increase in aged inventory provisions of RO 0.8 million. 

 Staff
costs. Staff costs in 2016 decreased by RO 1.10 million, or 5%, to RO 19.90 million from RO 21.00 million in 2015. Staff
cost as a percentage of total revenue in 2016 was 25% compared to 26% in 2015, which represents a decrease of 1%. The decrease
was driven by a reduction in headcount by 25, as well as lower bonus payments to employees, both of which were triggered by lower
activity and revenue levels. 

 Depreciation
and amortization Cost. Depreciation and amortization cost in 2016 increased by RO 0.74 million, or 8%, to RO 9.96
million from RO 9.22 million in 2015. Depreciation and amortization cost as a percentage of total revenue in 2016 was 13%
compared to 11% in 2015, which represents an increase of 2%. The increase was driven by the full year's depreciation cost
on capital expenditure additions in Q4 of 2015 as well as depreciation of the capital expenditure additions which were made in
2016 to support new business growth. 

 Administrative
and general expense. Administrative and general expense, which represents costs associated with managing and supporting
our operations, increased by RO 0.53 million, or 7 %, to RO 8.07 million in 2016 from RO 7.55 million in 2015.
The increase in administrative and general expenses was related to a contingency provision for a legal case amounting to RO 0.8
million and a doubtful debts provision for RO 0.5 million, both of which were partially offset by a reduction in selling, insurance
and rental costs (combined decrease of RO 0.7 million) as part of cost reduction program implemented by management. 

 Finance
cost. Finance cost decreased by RO 0.23 million, or 13%, to RO 1.47 million in 2016 from RO 1.69 million in 2015. The
decrease was primarily driven by a reduction in term loan costs due to repayments and reduction in bank charges due to better
monitoring and management, as well as lower utilization of the working capital facilities. 

 Finance
income. Finance income increased by RO 0.24 million, or 79%, to RO 0.55 million in 2016 from RO 0.31 million in 2015.
The increase was primarily driven by an increase in interest income on a loan to a related party, Mubadarah. 

 230 

 Other
income, net. Other income, net, increased by RO 0.33 million, or 36%, to income of RO 1.23 million in 2016 from RO 0.90
million in 2015. This increase was primarily driven by an exceptional write back of supplier invoices following a detailed reconciliation
of supplier payable balances to the corresponding supplier statements of account. 

 Share
of loss of equity-accounted investee, net of tax). Share of loss of equity-accounted investee, net of tax, decreased by
RO 0.10 million, or 56%, to RO 0.08 million in 2016 from RO 0.17 million in 2015. This decrease is due to lower losses within
associated and joint venture companies as compared to the prior year. 

 Taxation.
 Taxation increased by RO 0.33 million, or 18 %, to RO 2.21 million in 2016 from RO 1.88 million in
2015. This increase is in line with the higher profit before tax recorded in 2016 as compared to 2015. 

 Net
profit. Net profit was RO 12.31 million in 2016 as compared with net income of RO 12.10 million in 2015. 

 Liquidity 

 Our
objective in financing our business is to maintain sufficient liquidity, adequate financial resources and financial flexibility
in order to fund the requirements of our business. During 2016 and 2017, we used cash to fund a variety of activities including
certain working capital needs, capital expenditures, repayment of short term borrowings, and the payment of employees' end
of service benefits. We believe that cash flows generated from operations and the available bank loans and bank overdraft facility,
including the discounted bills, will provide sufficient liquidity to manage our cash needs. We have obtained our bank loans from
National Bank of Oman and Ahli Bank. 

 (i)
New term loan: 

 In
November 2015, the Company had re-financed all of its existing bank term loans with National Bank of Oman for a single term loan
of RO 23.10 million ("the new term loan") ("Tranche A"). As on December 31, 2017, the outstanding amount
on this new term loan ("Tranche A") was RO 14.12 million. 

 The
new term loan carries interest at the rate of LIBOR + 3.50% per annum and is repayable with quarterly instalments, starting 6
months from the drawdown in 18 equal instalments until July 2020. 

 During
the current year, a new term loan ("Tranche B") was availed by the Company to the extent of RO 1.96 million which
was outstanding at year end. The "Tranche B" loan is repayable in equal quarterly installments starting 18 months
from the first drawdown until June 2022. 

 The
new term loan ("Tranche A and Tranche B") contain covenants which among others, require certain financial ratios to
be maintained which include maintaining a minimum debt service coverage ratio of 1.25. 

 Working
capital funded facilities including overdraft, bill discounting and loan against trust receipts ("LTR") facility carry
an interest equal to US Dollar LIBOR for the applicable interest period, plus a margin of 3.50% per annum. 

 Working
capital funded facilities including bill discounting and LTR facility carry an interest equal to US Dollar LIBOR for the applicable
interest period, plus a margin of 3.50% per annum, and the bank overdraft carries an interest rate of LIBOR plus 3.5% subject
to a floor level of 5%. The subsidiary company, SGEE, has obtained loans from its shareholders, Islamic Finance PJSC, who owned
44% of shares in SGEE prior to the change of ownership in November 2017. 

 (ii)
Other term loan: 

 The
Company has also availed a term loan to the extent of RO 1.7 million from Ahli Bank. This balance is repayable with nine quarterly
installment starting seven months from the first drawdown until December 2019 and carries interest at the rate 3 months / 6 months
LIBOR + 4% per annum. 

 This
other term loan has covenants which among others, certain financial ratios to be maintained including maintaining a minimum debt
service coverage ratio of 1.25. 

 231 

 Cash
Flows 

 Cash
flows provided by (used in) each type of activity were as follows for the year ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015: 

 Year ended
 December 31, 

 2017 

 2016 

 2015 

 Cash
 Provided by/(used in): 

 Operating
 Activities 

 6,516,078 

 14,089,282 

 17,009,152 

 Investing
 Activities 

 (7,117,438 
 ) 

 (4,143,732 
 ) 

 (15,625,110 
 ) 
 
 Financing
 Activities 

 3,228,042 

 (11,796,270 
 ) 

 (18,910 
 ) 
 
 Net
 change in cash and cash equivalents 

 2,626,682 

 (1,850,720 
 ) 

 1,365,132 

 Operating
Activities 

 Cash
flows from operating activities provided cash of RO 6.52 million
and RO 14.09 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Cash flows from operating activities decreased
by RO 7.57 million in 2017 primarily due to changes in the working capital components (inventories, trade and other receivables
and trade payables) as well as higher income tax paid for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

 Cash
flows from operating activities provided cash of RO 14.09 million and RO 17.01 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 and
2015, respectively. Cash flows from operating activities decreased by RO 2.92 million in 2016 primarily due to the payment of
trade and other payables and changes in the components of our working capital (trade and other receivables and inventories) as
a result of the delayed settlement of a significant portion of our outstanding accounts receivable. Included in our cash flows
from operating activities for 2016 and 2015 are payments of RO 1.98 million and RO 1.28 million, respectively, made towards taxes,
as required by the local tax laws in the country where we operate. 

 Investing
Activities 

 Our
principal recurring investing activity is the funding of capital expenditures to ensure that we have the appropriate levels and
types of machinery and equipment in place to generate revenue from operations. 

 Cash
flows used in investing activities increased by RO 2.97 million during the year ended December 31, 2017, which was largely driven
by payment for acquisition of 44% shares of Sino Gulf Energy Enterprises offset partially by lower capital expenditures during
the year. 

 Cash
flows from investing activities decreased by RO 11.48 million in 2016. Expenditures for capital assets including capital work
in progress totaled RO 5.04 million and RO 16.23 million for 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease in capital expenditures
(CAPEX) in 2016 is a result of exceptional CAPEX which was made in 2015 towards the purchase of a building and other large assets. 

 Proceeds
from the disposal of assets were RO 0.93 million and RO 0.82 million for 2016 and 2015, respectively. These disposals related
to machinery and equipment, furniture & fixtures, tools and drilling equipment no longer used in operations that was sold
throughout the year. 

 232 

 Financing
Activities 

 Cash
flows used in financing activities increased by RO 15.02 million in the year ended December 31, 2017, mainly as a result in net
cash inflows for related party balances of RO 11.8 million, decrease in repayment of borrowings of RO 2.4 million and
increase in short term bank borrowings of RO 1.7 million, partially offset by a decrease in bank borrowings available during
the year of RO 0.8 million. 

 In
2016, we had net repayments of borrowings of RO 5.04 million in 2016, and net draws of RO 5.44 million in 2015. Total debt outstanding
at December 31, 2016 was RO 22.31 million, a decrease of RO 5.04 million compared to December 31, 2015. During the year 2016,
fund transferred to related party was increased by RO 2.25 million as compared to year 2015. 

 GES
declared a dividend of RO 34.7 million to its shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

 Capital
Resources 

 For
the upcoming twelve month period, cash on hand, cash flows from operating activities and the available overdraft facility will
provide us with sufficient capital resources and liquidity to manage our working capital needs, meet contractual obligations,
fund capital expenditures, and support the development of our short-term and long-term operating strategies. If necessary, we
may use short-term debt to fund cash needs in excess of the cash generated. 

 Our
objective when managing capital is to safeguard our ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders
and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital. 

 In
order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, we may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt. 

 Capital
is monitored based on the "gearing ratio". This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital. Net debt
is calculated as total borrowings (including current and non-current borrowings as shown in the statement of financial position)
less cash and cash equivalents. Total capital is calculated as equity as shown in the statement of financial position plus net
debt. 

 2017 

 2016 

 RO 

 RO 

 Total
 borrowings (including bank overdraft and bill discounting) 

 21,247,179 

 25,400,551 

 Less:
 cash and bank balance (excluding bank overdraft and bill discounting) 

 (2,597,832 
 ) 

 (2,109,330 
 ) 
 
 Net
 debt 

 18,649,347 

 23,291,221 

 Total
 equity 

 42,637,137 

 67,285,079 

 Total
 capital 

 61,286,484 

 90,576,300 

 Gearing
 ratio 

 30 
 % 

 26 
 % 

 At
the end of December 31, 2017 and 2016 the company was in compliance with all debt covenants existing under its borrowing facilities. 

 Contractual
Obligations 

 The
table below summarizes the payments due by fiscal year for our outstanding contractual obligations as of December 31, 2017. Certain
amounts included in this table are based on our estimates and assumptions about these obligations, including their duration, anticipated
actions by third parties and other factors. The contractual cash obligations we will actually pay in future periods may vary from
those reflected in the table because the estimates and assumptions are subjective 

 Payments
 due by periods (in RO) 

 Total 

 Less
 than 1 year 

 1-3
 years 

 3-5
 years 

 More
 than 5 years 

 Long-Term
 Debt Obligations (1) 

 17,723,020 

 16,805,959 

 917,061 

 - 

 - 

 Finance
 Lease Obligations (2) 

 93,696 

 76,570 

 17,126 

 - 

 - 

 Operating
 Lease Obligations (3) 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Purchase
 Obligations (4) 

 3,082,837 

 3,082,837 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 Letter
 of guarantee (5) 

 3,805,339 

 3,325,015 

 355,295 

 5,680 

 119,349 

 End
 of service benefits (6) 

 1,146,746 

 100,719 

 170,646 

 199,095 

 676,286 

 Total 

 25,851,638 

 23,391,100 

 1,460,128 

 204,775 

 795,635 

 (1)
 Amounts represent the expected cash payments for the principal amounts related to our debt. Amounts for debt do not include
any unamortized discounts or deferred issuance costs. Expected cash payments for interest are excluded from these amounts due. 

 (2)
 The amounts represent finance leases for funding of non-revenue generating assets such as vehicles and IT equipment. 

 (3)
 The company does not have any obligations under operating leases. 

 (4)
 Purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services which are enforceable and legally binding and which
specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions;
and the approximate timing of the transaction. Although these contractual obligations are considered enforceable and legally binding,
the terms generally allow us the option to reschedule and adjust the requirements based on business needs prior to the delivery
of goods. 

 (5)
 Represents performance related guarantees provided by GES under its customer contracts. A performance guarantee requires
the company to meet certain financial obligations only in the event of default of specified
contract terms and conditions. The guarantees shown above include performance bonds and bid/tender bonds issued by GES. 

 (6)
 Amount represents the expected payments of employees' end of service benefits. Refer
to Note 13, (End of Service Benefit), in the Consolidated Financial Statements for details regarding the Company's pension
benefit obligations. 

 233 

 Market
Risk 

 Interest
rate risk is the risk associated with the fluctuations in market interest rates and the effect it has on the financial position
and cash flows of GES. The risk arises when interest-bearing financial assets and liabilities are affected by the interest rate
volatility within a specified period. GES is exposed to interest rate risk primarily on its long-term LIBOR based loan from the
National Bank of Oman SAOG. 

 Related
Party Transactions 

 Related
parties comprised of the shareholders, key management personnel, subsidiary companies, jointly controlled entities and associates,
Mubadarah Investment LLC Group. In the ordinary course of business, such related parties provide goods and render services to
the Group at mutually agreed rates. 

 For
further details about our transactions with Related Parties please refer to "Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions"
and Note 22 (Related Party Transactions) of GES' financial statements. 

 Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

 The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments
that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related
disclosures as well as disclosures about any contingent assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses. 

 We
base these estimates on historical experience and other assumptions and information that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that
are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

 Estimates
and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in
which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected. In particular, estimates that involve uncertainties and judgments
which have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements include provisions for impairment of receivables and
inventories. 

 Impairment
of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, and goodwill 

 GES
assesses assets or groups of assets, called cash-generating units (CGUs), for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or CGU may not be recoverable; for example, changes in the group's business
plans, changes in the group's assumptions about commodity prices, low plant utilization, evidence of physical damage or,
for oil and gas assets, significant downward revisions of estimated reserves or increases in estimated future development expenditure
or decommissioning costs. If any such indication of impairment exists, GES makes an estimate of the asset's or CGU's
recoverable amount. Individual assets are grouped into CGUs for impairment assessment purposes at the lowest level at which there
are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. A CGU's recoverable
amount is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Where the carrying amount of a CGU exceeds
its recoverable amount, the CGU is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount. 

 Fair
value less costs of disposal is the price that would be received to sell the asset in an orderly transaction between market participants
and does not reflect the effects of factors that may be specific to the group and not applicable to entities in general. An assessment
is made at each year end as to whether there is any indication that previously recognized impairment losses may no longer exist
or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognized impairment loss
is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the
last impairment loss was recognized. If that is the case, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to the lower of its recoverable
amount and the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognized for
the asset in prior years. Impairment reversals are recognized in profit or loss. After a reversal, the depreciation charge is
adjusted in future periods to allocate the asset's revised carrying amount, less any residual value, on a systematic basis
over its remaining useful life. 

 Goodwill
is reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the recoverable amount of
the group of CGUs to which the goodwill relates should be assessed. In assessing whether goodwill has been impaired, the carrying
amount of the group of CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated is compared with its recoverable amount. Where the recoverable
amount of the group of CGUs is less than the carrying amount (including goodwill), an impairment loss is recognized. An impairment
loss recognized for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period. 

 Determination
as to whether, and by how much, an asset, CGU, or group of CGUs containing goodwill is impaired involves management estimates
on highly uncertain matters such as the effects of inflation and deflation on operating expenses, discount rates, production profiles,
reserves and resources, and future commodity prices, including the outlook for global or regional market supply-and-demand conditions
for crude oil, natural gas and refined products. Judgment is required when determining the appropriate grouping of assets into
a CGU or the appropriate grouping of CGUs for impairment testing purposes. 

 234 

 As
disclosed above, the recoverable amount of an asset is the higher of its value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal.
Fair value less costs of disposal may be determined based on similar recent market transaction data or, where recent market transactions
for the asset are not available for reference, using discounted cash flow techniques. Where discounted cash flow analyses are
used to calculate fair value less costs of disposal, accounting judgments are made about the assumptions market participants would
use when pricing the asset, CGU or group of CGUs containing goodwill and the test is performed on a post-tax basis. 

 Income
taxes 

 Income
tax expense represents the sum of current tax and deferred tax. Interest and penalties relating to income tax are also included
in the income tax expense. Income tax is recognized in the income statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognized
in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the related tax is recognized in other comprehensive income
or directly in equity. Current tax is based on the taxable profit for the period. Taxable profit differs from net profit as reported
in the income statement because it is determined in accordance with the rules established by the applicable taxation authorities.
It therefore excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other periods as well as items that are never
taxable or deductible. The group's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates and laws that have been enacted
or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. 

 Deferred
tax is provided, using the liability method, on temporary differences at the balance sheet date between the tax bases of assets
and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable
temporary differences except: 

 &#9679; 
 where
 the deferred tax liability arises on the initial recognition of goodwill 

 &#9679; 
 where
 the deferred tax liability arises on the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a Business
 Combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and 

 &#9679; 
 In
 respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and associates and interests in joint
 arrangements, where the group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable
 that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. 

 Deferred
tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences, carry-forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses, to
the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and the
carry-forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilized except where the deferred tax asset relating to the
deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business
combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss. In respect of deductible
temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and associates and interests in joint arrangements, deferred
tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable
future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilized. 

 The
carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable
that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilized. 

 Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the asset is realized or
the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet
date. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only when there is
a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred tax assets and
liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable
entities where there is an intention to settle the current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis or to realize the assets
and settle the liabilities simultaneously. 

 The
computation of the GES's income tax expense and liability involves the interpretation of applicable tax laws and regulations
in many jurisdictions throughout the world. The resolution of tax positions taken by the group, through negotiations with relevant
tax authorities or through litigation, can take several years to complete and in some cases it is difficult to predict the ultimate
outcome. Therefore, judgment is required to determine provisions for income taxes. In addition, the group has carry-forward tax
losses and tax credits in certain taxing jurisdictions that are available to offset against future taxable profit. However, deferred
tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the unused
tax losses or tax credits can be utilized. Management judgment is exercised in assessing whether this is the case and estimates
are required to be made of the amount of future taxable profits that will be available. 

 Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

 Trade
accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount. No interest is charged on past-due balances. The Company grants credit
to customers based upon an evaluation of each customer's financial condition. The Company periodically monitors the payment
history and ongoing creditworthiness of customers. An allowance for doubtful accounts is established at a level estimated by management
to be adequate based upon various factors including historical experience, aging status of customer accounts, payment history
and financial condition of customers. Significant individual accounts receivable balances and balances which have been outstanding
greater than 90 days are reviewed individually for collectability. Account balances, when determined to be uncollectable, are
charged against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $0.5 million and $0.5 million as of December 31, 2017,
and 2016, respectively. 

 Internal
Controls and Procedures 

 GES
is not currently required to comply with the SEC's rules implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, and
is therefore not required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of GES' internal control over financial reporting
for that purpose. Subsequent to becoming a subsidiary of a public company, GES' publicly traded parent company will be required
to comply with the SEC's rules implementing Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which will require its management
to certify financial and other information in its quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the
effectiveness of GES' internal control over financial reporting. 

 235 

 MANAGEMENT
AFTER THE BUSINESS COMBINATION 

 Management
and Board of Directors 

 The
following persons are expected to serve as our executive officers and directors following the Business Combination. 

 The
current Board of Directors of the Company consists of four Directors. Pursuant to NESR's Charter, the Board may expand the
number of members and elect the new Directors to fill the added Board seats. In contemplation of shareholder approval of the Business
Combination, our existing Board of Directors, consisting of four Directors, will exercise its power under the Charter to expand
the Board to nine directors. Our Board of Directors intends to fill the vacancies created by the increase in board size with five
persons, two (2) of whom will be nominated by NPS Selling Stockholders, two (2) of whom will be nominated by GES Selling Stockholders,
and one (1) of whom will be nominated by SV3. If the Business Combination is consummated, our Board of Directors will consist
of four (4) existing NESR directors, Sherif Foda, Thomas Wood, Antonio J. Campo Mejia, and Hala Zeibak, two nominated by NPS
Selling Stockholders, Salim Al Noaimi and Adnan Ghabris, two nominated by GES Selling Stockholders, Yasser Al Barami and Hilal
Al Busaidy and one nominated by SV3, Andrew L. Waite. 

 NESR's
board of directors is currently divided into two classes, Class I and Class II, with only one class of directors being elected
in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a
two-year term. For purposes of Section 9.1 of our Charter, the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting is serving
as NESR's first annual general meeting of shareholders at which its Class I directors are standing for election.
The NESR board has nominated two (2) existing Class I directors, Antonio J. Campo Mejia, and Hala Zeibak, for election at the
special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. If such director nominees are elected, Class I Director seats will next be up for
election by shareholders at the annual general meeting in 2020; and the Class II Director seats will be up for election by shareholders
at the annual general meeting in 2019. Set forth below are the names, ages and positions of each of the individuals who will serve
as directors and executive officers of NESR following the Business Combination, assuming all director nominees are elected at
the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting: 

 Name 
 Age 
 Class 
 Position 
 
 Sherif
 Foda 
 48 
 II 
 Executive
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Thomas
 Wood 
 60 
 II 
 Director 
 
 Antonio
 J Campo Mejia 
 60 
 I 
 Director 
 
 Hala
 Zeibak 
 37 
 I 
 Director 
 
 Salem
 Al Noaimi 1 
 42 
 I 
 Director 
 
 Hilal
 Al Busaidy 2 
 44 
 II 
 Director 
 
 Yasser
 Al Barami 2 
 46 
 II 
 Director 
 
 Andrew
 Waite 3 
 57 
 I 
 Director 
 
 Adnan
 Ghabris 1 
 56 
 II 
 Director 

 (1) Following
the completion of the Business Combination, two NPS Selling Stockholders, Al Nowais Investments LLC ("ANI") and WAHA
Finance Company, separately and collectively will be entitled to nominate one director (two in total) to our Board of Directors,
for so long as they or their affiliates hold at least 50% of the NESR ordinary shares acquired pursuant to the NPS Stock Purchase
Agreement. NESR will nominate to its Board a person nominated by each of those two parties, and immediately after the Closing
Date, NESR shall invite a representative of both ANI and WAHA ("Board Observer"), as designated by the respective
company in its own discretion, to attend all meetings of the Board, in a non-voting observer capacity and shall give such Board
Observer copies of all notices, minutes, consents, and other materials that NESR provides to its Board as permitted by law. If
their respective nominee is not elected at the 2018 AGM, then ANI and WAHA may each recommend the appointment of a nominee for
appointment to the Board at the next shareholders meeting. This right to nominate a Board member and appoint a Board Observer
shall be retained as long as the respective shareholder holds 50% of the shares that it acquired pursuant to the NPS Stock Purchase
Agreement. 

 (2) These
are the initial nominees of the GES Selling Stockholders, which will be entitled to nominate two directors to our Board of Directors.
The Company has agreed to such nomination and election. 

 (3) This
is the initial nominee of SV3. Following the completion of the Business Combination, SV3 will be entitled to nominate one director
to our Board of Directors, for so long as they or their affiliates hold at least 60% of the Consideration Equity Stock set out
against the name of SV3 in the SV3 Contribution Agreement and pursuant to the respective SV3 Voting Agreements. Mr. Waite shall
be the principal director and he shall appoint Ms. Theresa Eaton to serve as his alternate, whereby Ms. Eaton shall
be entitled to attend meetings in the absence of Mr. Waite and to vote or consent in place of Mr. Waite until such appointment
as alternate lapses or is terminated. 

 Sherif
Foda has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman since our inception. He has more than 24 years of professional
experience in the oil and gas industry working for Schlumberger Limited (NYSE: SLB) ("Schlumberger") around the world,
particularly in the Middle East, Europe and the U.S. From June 2016 to January 2018, he served as Senior Advisor to the Chairman
of Schlumberger. From July 2013 through June 2016, he has served as an officer and the President for the Production Group of Schlumberger.
From June 2011 to June 2013, he served as the President of Schlumberger Europe and Africa. From June 2009 to June 2011, he served
as the Vice President and Managing Director of the Arabian market: Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Bahrain. From July 2007 to May 2009,
he served as the Worldwide Vice President for Well Intervention. From 2005 to 2007, he was the Vice President for Europe, Caspian
and Africa. From 2002 to 2005, he served as the Managing Director of Schlumberger in Oman. In 2001, he served as the Operations
Manager for UAE, Qatar, Yemen and the Arabian Gulf. He started his career in 1993 with Schlumberger, working on the offshore fields
in the Red Sea, then transferred to Germany for two years, then as the general manager of operations in Eastern Europe countries
(mainly Poland, Lithuania, Romania and Hungary). Prior to working in the oil and gas industry, he worked in the information technology
and computer industry for two years in Egypt. He graduated in 1991 from Ain Shams University in Cairo, Faculty of Engineering,
and he holds a BSc double major in Electronics and Automatic control. Mr. Foda is a board member of Energy Recovery, Inc. (NASDAQ:
ERII), a technology company based in California. Also, he serves on the board of Trustees of Awty International School in Houston,
and is a board member for Al Fanar Venture philanthropy in London. 

 We
believe that Mr. Foda is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive experience in the oil and gas industry
including approximately 24 years with Schlumberger and his extensive oil field services industry experience throughout the MENA
region and globally and as an executive and board member. 

 236 

 Thomas
Wood has served as a director since our inception and has served as our Chief Financial Officer from inception until October
2017 and from November 29, 2017 until the present. He is an entrepreneur with over 35 years of experience in establishing and
growing public and private companies that provide or use oil and gas contract drilling services. Since December 1990, he has served
as the Chief Executive Officer of Round Up Resource Service Inc., a private investment company. Mr. Wood founded Xtreme Drilling
Corp. (TSX:XDC), an onshore drilling and coil tubing technology company, in May 2005 and served as its Executive Chairman until
May 2011 and its Chief Executive Officer and Director from May 2011 through August 2016. He is the founder of Savanna Energy Services
Corp. (TSE: SVY), a North American energy services provider, where he served as the Chairman from 2001 to March 2005. He also
served as Director at various companies engaged in the exploration and production of junior oil and gas, including Wrangler West
Energy Corp. from April 2001 to 2014; New Syrus Capital Corporation from 1998 to 2001 and Player Petroleum Corporation from 1997
to 2001. In addition, Mr. Wood served as the President, Drilling and Wellbore Service, of Plains Energy Services Ltd. from 1997
to 2000 and Wrangler Pressure Control from 1998 to 2001. He served as the President of Round-Up Well Servicing Inc. from 1988
to 1997 and Vice President of Shelby Drilling from 1981 to 1987. Mr. Wood holds a BA in Economics from University of Calgary. 

 We
believe that Mr. Wood is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive experience in the oil and gas industry,
his experience as an entrepreneur and building public companies and high growth organizations. 

 Antonio
J. Campo Mejia , an independent director since May 12, 2017, has been a non-executive director of the Supervisory Board
of Fugro N.V. (Euronext: FUR), a company providing geotechnical, survey, subsea and geosciences services, since 2014 and Vice-Chairman
of Basin Holdings, a global holding company focused on providing products and services to energy and industrial customers since
2012. From 2012 to 2013, Mr. Campo Mejia served as non-executive director at Integra Group, an oilfield services company mainly
active in Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States, and served as its Chief Executive Officer from 2009 to 2012. Mr.
Campo Mejia also served as non-executive director at Basin Supply LP, Basin Tools LP and Basin Energy Services LP from 2009 to
2014. Prior to that, Mr. Campo Mejia spent 28 years of his professional career at Schlumberger, the world's leading oilfield
services company, in a multitude of senior management positions in different parts of the world. Mr. Campo Mejia served as the
President of Latin America for Oilfield Services of Schlumberger from 2006 to 2008. Mr. Campo Mejia served as President of Europe
& Africa, Schlumberger Oilfield Services from 2003 to 2006. From 2000 to 2006, he was the President of Schlumberger's
Integrated Project Management business responsible for the worldwide operations in this service line. From 1999 to 2000, Mr. Campo
Mejia served as Director of Personnel for the Reservoir Management Group in Houston, Texas. From 1997 to 1999, he was the Vice
President of Oilfield Services Latin America South managing a full range of services in the region. In his career prior to 1997,
Mr. Campo Mejia held a number of senior management and technical positions in Schlumberger's wireline business. Mr. Campo
Mejia received his bachelor's degree in Electronic Engineering from Pontificia Universidad Javeriana in 1980. 

 We
believe that Mr. Campo Mejia is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive experience in the oil and
gas industry and his experience as an executive in oilfield services and board member of multinational companies. 

 Hala
Zeibak who has been an independent director since May 12, 2017, is director of investments at Olayan Europe Limited, the
investment advisory arm of The Olayan Group for the United Kingdom, Europe and Asia. The Olayan Group is a private multinational
enterprise with a managed portfolio of international investments and diverse commercial and industrial operations in the Middle
East. Ms. Zeibak joined The Olayan Group in July 2005, initially with Olayan America in New York. She transferred to Olayan Europe
in London in January 2011. Ms. Zeibak's focus is on public and private equity investments primarily in the energy and affiliated
sectors, including oil, gas, power, commodities and industrials. She is a member of the Oxford Energy Policy Club. Ms. Zeibak
received a BA in Economics from Tufts University in 2003, graduating Summa Cum Laude with membership in the Phi Beta Kappa Society.
She went on to earn a master's degree in 2005 from the Fletcher School of Law & Diplomacy at Tufts. Her concentration
was international finance and trade. 

 We
believe that Ms. Zeibak is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of her extensive experience in the investment
community and with diverse industries and multinational operations including MENA. 

 Salem
Al Noaimi is Waha Capital's
Chairman of the Board. Mr. Al Noaimi served as Waha Capital's Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director from 2009 until
March 2018 and lead the company's strategic transformation into a leading investment company, managing proprietary and third-party
assets. Previously, he served as the Deputy CEO of Waha Capital, and CEO of Waha Leasing. Additionally, Mr. Al Noaimi holds a
number of board positions with large public and private companies. He is Chairman of Seha, Dunia Finance and Anglo Arabian Healthcare.
He also a board member of New York-listed AerCap Holdings. Earlier in his career, Mr. Al Noaimi held various positions at Dubai
Islamic Bank, the UAE Central Bank, the Abu Dhabi Fund for Development, and Kraft Foods. Mr. Al Noaimi is a UAE national and holds
a degree in Finance and International Business from Northeastern University in Boston, USA. 

 We
believe that Mr. Noaimi is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive experience in investing in the
MENA region as well as experience as a Chief Executive Officer of a publicly listed company. 

 237 

 Hilal
Al Busaidy has more than 23 years of professional experience in the oil and gas industry. Mr. Al Busaidy is a co-founder
of GES and served as Chief Executive Officer since inception in 2006. Prior to that Mr. Al Busaidy spent nearly 10 years in Schlumberger
Limited (NYSE: SLB) ("Schlumberger") around the Middle East in several positions in sales, operational and technical
management. During his time with Schlumberger, Mr. Al Busaidy spent considerable amount of time in Oman in field operations delivering
wireline services and subsequently managed large operations in Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and in Oman where he was responsible for all
of Schlumberger's oilfield services operations in South Oman. He graduated in 1994 from Sultan Qaboos University in Muscat,
Faculty of Engineering, and he holds a BSc in Petroleum Engineering. Hilal is a board member of The Research Console (www.trc.gov.om).
Also, he serves on the board of Oman Development Bank SAOC (www.odb.com.om) and is a member in the academic committee of Oman
University. Also Mr. Al Busaidy has led GES to win Petroleum Development of Oman (PDO) "In Country Value" Chairman's
Prize and HH Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Prince of Dubai prize as the Best Performing Company in Services Sector across the
GCC countries. 

 We
believe that Mr. Busaidy is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive entrepreneurial experience and
his expertise in building and running companies in Oman and in the MENA region. 

 Yasser
Al Barami has more than 22 years of professional experience in the oil and gas industry. Mr. Al-Barami is the Chairman
of GES which he co-founded in 2006 and holds the position of Chief Commercial Officer for GES. Mr. Al Barami has benefited from
significant exposure to both the services industry as well as E&P industry which makes his experience unique in several aspects.
Mr. Al Barami started his career in the drilling operations of Petroleum Development Oman (PDO) and over the next 9 years worked
in different positions in Well Engineering in the field before progressing to PDO's HQ where he was appointed to be a Team
Leader for the same. Mr. Al Barami obtained his Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Brighton,
United Kingdom in 1995, and thereafter completed his MBA from the University of Lincoln, United Kingdom in 2003. 

 We
believe that Mr. Barami is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive entrepreneurial experience as
well as his E&P background and his knowledge of the MENA region and specifically Oman. 

 Andrew
Waite is Co-President of LESA, the ultimate general partner of SCF and the ultimate general partner of the majority shareholder
of SV3, and has been an officer of that company since October 1995. He was previously Vice President of Simmons & Company
International, where he served from August 1993 to September 1995. From 1984 to 1991, Mr. Waite held a number of engineering and
project management positions with Royal Dutch / Shell Group, an integrated energy company. Mr. Waite currently serves on the board
of directors of Nine Energy Service, Inc. (NYSE: NINE), a position he has held since February 2013, is on the board of directors
of Forum Energy Technologies, Inc. (NYSE: FET), a position he has held since August 2010, and is on the board of directors of
Atlantic Navigation Holdings (Singapore) Limited (SGX: 5UL), a position he has held since January 2016. Mr. Waite previously served
on the board of directors of Complete Production Services, Inc., a provider of specialized oil and gas completion and production
services from 2007 to 2009, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc., a provider of marine services to the energy sector and military
customers from 2000 to 2006, and Oil States International, Inc., a diversified oilfield services and equipment company from August
1995 through April 2006. Mr. Waite received an MBA with High Distinction from Harvard Business School, an MS degree in Environmental
Engineering Science from California Institute of Technology and a BSc degree with First Class Honours in Civil Engineering from
England's Loughborough University. 

 We
believe that Mr. Waite's extensive public company experience in the energy sector, in particular in the oilfield services
industry, and his experience in identifying strategic growth trends in true energy industry and evaluating potential transactions
make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors. 

 Adnan
Ghabris has over 30 years of experience in the oil service industry. Mr. Ghabris has served as Chief Executive Officer
of NPS since 2008. Before serving as Chief Executive Officer of NPS, Mr. Ghabris spent more than 20 years with Schlumberger, where
he held several executive roles in operations, technical and marketing in the following countries: Kuwait, Syria, Libya, Canada,
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates from 1989 to 2008. 

 Mr.
Ghabris was the Vice President of Schlumberger Arabian Region from 1999 to 2004 covering Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain
and Pakistan. Prior to his assignment as a Chief Executive Officer of NPS, he held the position of Integrated Project Manager
for Schlumberger Middle East and Asia based in Dubai. Mr. Ghabris holds a Master's Degree in Chemical Engineering from Kuwait
University (Honors) and a Bachelor's Degree in Chemical Engineering in Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey, United
States (Honors). He is a member of the Canadian Professional Engineers, American Institute for Chemical Engineers (AiChE) and
the Society of Petroleum. 

 We
believe that Mr. Ghabris is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive leadership experience in oilfield
services and the MENA region. Mr. Ghabris has a unique experience with both large multinationals and start-ups which will be beneficial
for the Board of Directors. 

 Theresa
Eaton is a Managing Director of SCF Partners, a leading oilfield services private equity investor where she is responsible
for sourcing acquisition opportunities at SCF as well as their ongoing strategic oversight and development. Ms. Eaton graduated
from Duke University with a Bachelor of Arts dual degree in International Relations and Asian Studies with a concentration in
Japanese. After graduating from Duke, she worked in the Institutional Securities Division and Private Wealth Management Division
at Morgan Stanley in Manhattan. She subsequently attended Duke University Law School where she earned her J.D. and later worked
in the Corporate and Securities group at Vinson & Elkins LLP. Prior to joining SCF Partners, Ms. Eaton worked at First Reserve
Corporation, an energy focused private equity firm. Ms. Eaton serves on Duke University's Board of Entrepreneurship &
Innovation, the board of the Center for Hearing and Speech and the board of the Broach Foundation for Brain Cancer Research, an
organization she co-founded and has jointly raised more than $4 million for glioblastoma research. 

 We
believe that Ms. Eaton is qualified to serve as an alternate director because of her extensive investing experience with entrepreneurial
and high growth companies and we also believe her legal background will be beneficial for the Board of Directors. 

 238 

 Information
about Directors Expected to be Appointed to the Board Upon the Closing of the Business Combination 

 The
Board of Directors of the Company has consisted of four Directors at the time of the Company's IPO. For purposes of Section
9.1 of our Charter, the special meeting in lieu of an annual general meeting is serving as NESR's first annual meeting of
shareholders at which its Class I directors are standing for election. The NESR board has nominated two (2) existing Class I directors,
Antonio J. Campo Mejia, and Hala Zeibak, for election at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. Additionally, pursuant
to NESR's Charter, the Board of Directors has the authority to expand the size of the Board of Directors and elect new Directors
to fill the newly-created Board seats. In accordance with this authority, in connection with the Business Combination, the Board
of Directors expects to expand the size of the Board of Directors to nine members and to fill the vacancies created by the expanded
size with: (i) Salem Al Noaimi and Adnan Ghabris, who will be nominated by NPS Selling Stockholders, one of whom will be independent,
and (ii) Yasser Al-Barami and Hilal Al-Busaidy, who will be nominated by GES Selling Stockholders, neither of whom are
independent, and (iii) Andrew Waite, who will be nominated by SV3 who will be independent. All four of our incumbent directors
have informed us that they intend to remain as directors following closing. Among the four incumbent directors who will remain
on the board, Antonio J. Campo Mejia, Hala Zeibak and Thomas Wood are or will be independent immediately following closing. 

 If the two Class I director nominees are elected at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting and the
Business Combination is consummated, our post-closing Board of Directors will consist of four (4) existing NESR directors, Sherif
Foda, Thomas Wood, Antonio J. Campo Mejia, and Hala Zeibak, two nominated by NPS Selling Stockholders, Salim Al Noaimi and Adnan
Ghabris, two nominated by GES Selling Stockholders, Yasser Al Barami and Hilal Al Busaidy and one nominated by SV3, Andrew L. Waite.
Accordingly, our post-closing Board of Directors will consist of four Class I directors (Antonio J. Campo Mejia, Hala Zeibak, Salem
Al Noaimi and Andrew Waite) who shall serve for a term expiring at the Company's annual general meeting in 2020, and five
Class II directors (Sherif Foda, Thomas Wood, Hilal Al Busaidy, Yasser Al Barami and Adnan Ghabris) who shall serve for a term
expiring at the Company's annual meeting in 2019. For more information about our post-closing board of directors and their
respective classes, see the sections entitled "Director Election Proposal" and "Management After the Business
Combination." 

 Classified
Board of Directors 

 In
accordance with our Charter, our Board of Directors will be divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected
in each year at a meeting of shareholders, and, following the consummation of the Business Combination, each class will serve
a two-year term. 

 Director
Independence 

 NASDAQ
listing standards require that a majority of our Board of Directors be independent as long as we are not a controlled company.
Even if we elect to be a controlled company, we anticipate that a majority of our Board of Directors will be independent as of
the closing of the Business Combination. An "independent director" is defined under the NASDAQ rules generally as
a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which
in the opinion of the company's Board of Directors, would interfere with the director's exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Antonio J. Campo Mejia,
Hala Zeibak, Thomas Wood, Salem Al Noaimi and Andrew Waite are or will be "independent directors" as defined in the
NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only
independent directors are present. 

 Leadership
Structure and Risk Oversight 

 The
Board of Directors currently does not have a lead independent director. Upon consummation of the Business Combination,
it is intended that Mr. Campo will be the lead independent director of the Board of Directors and Mr. Sherif Foda will continue
to serve as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. 

 The
Board of Directors' oversight of risk is administered directly through the Board of Directors, as a whole,
or through its audit committee. Various reports and presentations regarding risk management are presented to the Board
of Directors including the procedures that the Company has adopted to identify and manage risk. The audit committee addresses
risks that fall within the committee's area of responsibility. For example, the audit committee is responsible for overseeing
the quality and objectivity of NESR's financial statements and the independent audit thereof. The audit committee reserves
time at each of its meetings to meet with the Company's independent registered public accounting firm outside of the presence
of the Company's management. 

 Committees
of the Board of Directors 

 The
standing committees of our Board of Directors currently consist of an Audit Committee and a Compensation Committee, and after
the Business Combination will also consist of a Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Each of the committees will report
to the Board of Directors as they deem appropriate and as the Board may request. 

 239 

 Audit
Committee 

 For
information regarding the duties and responsibilities of the Audit Committee, see "Information About NESR Management Audit
Committee." 

 Upon
consummation of the Business Combination, our Audit Committee will consist of Mr. Al Noaimi, Mr. Campo, Ms. Zeibak and Mr. Waite,
with Mr. Al Noaimi serving as the chairman of the Audit Committee. We believe that each of these individuals qualify as independent
directors according to the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect to audit committee membership. We also believe that Mr.
Al Noaimi qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert," as such term is defined in Item 401(h) of Regulation
S-K. Our Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee, which will be available on our corporate website
at www.nesrco.com upon the completion of the Business Combination. The information on our website is not part of this proxy
statement. 

 Compensation
Committee 

 For
information regarding the duties and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee, see "Information About NESR Management Compensation
Committee." 

 Upon
consummation of the Business Combination, our Compensation Committee will consist of Mr. Campo, Ms. Zeibak and Mr. Wood, with
Mr. Campo serving as the chairman of the Compensation Committee. Our Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for the
Compensation Committee, which will be available on our corporate website at www.nesrco.com upon the completion of the Business
Combination. The information on our website is not part of this proxy statement. 

 Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee 

 A
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee will be appointed to be responsible for, among other matters: (1) identifying individuals
qualified to become members of our Board of Directors, consistent with criteria approved by our Board of Directors; (2) overseeing
the organization of our Board of Directors to discharge the board's duties and responsibilities properly and efficiently;
(3) identifying best practices and recommending corporate governance principles; and (4) developing and recommending to our Board
of Directors a set of corporate governance guidelines and principles applicable to us. 

 Upon
consummation of the Business Combination, our Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee will consist of Mr. Wood and
Mr. Campo, with Mr. Wood serving as the chairman of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Our Board of Directors
has adopted a written charter for the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, which will be available on our corporate
website at www.nesrco.com upon the completion of the Business Combination. The information on our website is not part of
this proxy statement. 

 Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

 From
inception through March 31, 2018, no officer or employee served as a member of the Company's Compensation Committee, except
for Mr. Thomas Wood, who has served as NESR's Chief Financial Officer from our inception until October 2, 2017 and from
November 29, 2017 until present. None of our executive officers serve as a member of the Board of Directors or compensation committee
of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. 

 Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

 Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act, requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary
shares to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish
us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during the year
ended December 31, 2017 there were no delinquent filers. 

 240 

 Code
of Ethics 

 We
have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our chief executive officer, chief financial officer
and principal accounting officer. Our Code of Ethics will be available on our corporate website, www.nesrco.com, promptly following
the consummation of the Business Combination. If we amend or grant a waiver of one or more of the provisions of our Code of Ethics,
we intend to satisfy the requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding the disclosure of amendments to or waivers from provisions
of our Code of Ethics that apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer
by posting the required information on our website at the above address. Our website is not part of this proxy statement. 

 Along
with our guiding core ethical principles, our unwavering commitment to achieve responsible superior financial results, motivation
of our employees and diversity of our culture are three main pillars that defines our company. We emphasize honesty and integrity,
accountability, respect, fairness and confidentiality. We also take monitoring and compliance measures to ensure against discrimination,
fraud, theft, harassment, retaliation and conflict of interest. 

 This
Code of Conduct governs all sets of actions and applies to the behaviors of all employees socially and professionally throughout
their employment with the company irrespective of the place, time and situation. 

 Ethical
principles and our three main pillars combined are fundamental core values to the Company. 

 Director
Compensation 

 Following
the completion of the Business Combination, our compensation committee will determine the annual compensation to be paid to the
members of our Board of Directors. Directors' fees after the Business Combination have yet to be determined, but are expected
to consist of two components: a cash payment and the issuance of restricted shares. 

 Executive
Compensation 

 Overview 

 Following
the closing of the Business Combination, the Company intends to develop an executive compensation program that is consistent with
its existing compensation policies and philosophies, which are designed to align compensation with Target Companies' business
objectives and the creation of shareholder value, while enabling Target Companies to attract, motivate and retain individuals
who contribute to the long-term success of Target Companies. 

 Decisions
on the executive compensation program will be made by the compensation committee. The following discussion is based on the present
expectations as to the executive compensation program to be adopted by the compensation committee. The executive compensation
program actually adopted will depend on the judgment of the members of the compensation committee and may differ from that set
forth in the following discussion. 

 We
anticipate that decisions regarding executive compensation will reflect our belief that the executive compensation program must
be competitive in order to attract and retain our executive officers. We anticipate that the compensation committee will seek
to implement our compensation policies and philosophies by linking a significant portion of our executive officers' cash
compensation to performance objectives and by providing a portion of their compensation as long-term incentive compensation in
the form of equity awards (for more information relating to our intended equity compensation plan, please refer to the Incentive
Plan Proposal). 

 We
anticipate that compensation for our executive officers will have three primary components: base salary, an annual cash incentive
bonus and long-term incentive compensation in the form of share-based awards. 

 241 

 Base
Salary 

 It
has been Target Companies' historical practice to assure that base salary is fair to the executive officers, competitive
within the industry and reasonable in light of Target Companies' cost structure. Upon completion of the Business Combination,
our compensation committee will determine base salaries and manage the base salary review process, subject to existing employment
agreements. 

 Annual
Bonuses 

 The
Company intends to use annual cash incentive bonuses for the executive officers to tie a portion of their compensation to financial
and operational objectives achievable within the applicable fiscal year. The Company expects that, near the beginning of each
year, the Compensation Committee will select the performance targets, target amounts, target award opportunities and other term
and conditions of annual cash bonuses for the executive officers, subject to the terms of any employment agreement. Following
the end of each year, the Compensation Committee will determine the extent to which the performance targets were achieved and
the amount of the award that is payable to the executive officers. 

 Share-Based
Awards 

 The
Company intends to use share-based awards to reward long-term performance of the executive officers. The Company believes that
providing a meaningful portion of the total compensation package in the form of share-based awards will align the incentives of
its executive officers with the interests of its shareholders and serve to motivate and retain the individual executive officers.
Share-based awards will be awarded under the LTIP, which has been adopted by NESR's Board of Directors and is being
submitted to our shareholders for approval at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. For a description of the LTIP,
please see the section of this proxy statement under the heading "Incentive Plan Proposal." 

 Employment
Agreements 

 Please
see "Executive Employment Agreements" for a summary of the material terms of our executive officers' employment
agreements with us. 

 Other
Compensation 

 The
Company expects to continue to maintain various employee benefit plans, including medical, dental, life insurance and retirement
plans, in which the executive officers will participate. 

 242 

 DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

 General 

 We
are a company formed in the British Virgin Islands as a BVI business company (company number 1935445) and our affairs are governed
by our Charter, the Companies Act and the common law of the British Virgin Islands. We are authorized to issue an unlimited number
of both ordinary shares of no par value and preferred shares of no par value. The following description summarizes certain terms
of our shares as set out more particularly in our Charter. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information
that is important to you. 

 Ordinary
Shares 

 As
of the date of this proxy statement, there were 28,652,125 ordinary shares outstanding, of which 5,730,425 ordinary shares were
held of record by our Sponsor. 

 Under
the Companies Act, the ordinary shares are deemed to be issued when the name of the shareholder is entered in our register of
members. Our register of members is maintained by our transfer agent Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. If (a) information
that is required to be entered in the register of members is omitted from the register or is inaccurately entered in the register,
or (b) there is unreasonable delay in entering information in the register, a shareholder of the company, or any person who is
aggrieved by the omission, inaccuracy or delay, may apply to the British Virgin Islands Courts for an order that the register
be rectified, and the court may either refuse the application or order the rectification of the register, and may direct the company
to pay all costs of the application and any damages the applicant may have sustained. 

 At
any general meeting on a show of hands every ordinary shareholder who is present in person (or, in the case of a shareholder being
a corporation, by its duly authorized representative) or by proxy will have one vote for each share held on all matters to be
voted on by shareholders. Voting at any meeting of the ordinary shareholders is by show of hands unless a poll is demanded. A
poll may be demanded by shareholders present in person or by proxy if the shareholder disputes the outcome of the vote on a proposed
resolution and the chairman shall cause a poll to be taken. Prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the
rights attaching to ordinary shares (including those provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections to our ordinary
shareholders) may only be amended by a resolution of persons holding 65% (or 50% if approved in connection with our initial business
combination) of our outstanding ordinary shares attending and voting on such amendment. Other provisions of our Charter may be
amended prior to the consummation of our initial business combination if approved by a majority of the votes of shareholders attending
and voting on such amendment or by resolution of the directors. Following the consummation of, or in connection with, our initial
business combination, the rights and obligations attaching to our ordinary shares and other provisions of our Charter may be amended
if approved by a majority of the votes of shareholders attending and voting on such amendment or by resolution of the directors.
Our Board of Directors is divided into two classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class
of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result
that the holders of more than 50% of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our shareholders
are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore. 

 243 

 We
do not currently intend to hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after we consummate our initial Business Combination.
If our shareholders want us to hold a meeting prior to such consummation, they may requisition the directors to hold one upon
the written request of members entitled to exercise at least 30% of the voting rights in respect of the matter for which the meeting
is requested. Under British Virgin Islands law, we may not increase the required percentage to call a meeting above such 30% level. 

 Our Charter provides our
public shareholders (excluding our Sponsor and certain lead investors in our IPO) with the opportunity to redeem their shares
upon the consummation of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, subject to the limitations described herein and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) agreed
to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed business combination. As of April 30, 2018, the amount in
the trust account was $231,553,535.80. We will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding
ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. However, the participation of our Sponsor, officers, directors,
advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this proxy statement), if any, could result
in the approval of our Business Combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to
vote, against such Business Combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding ordinary shares,
non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our Business Combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately
10 days prior written notice of any such meeting,
if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our Business Combination. 

 Our
Sponsor has agreed to vote any capital stock that it may hold in favor of our initial business combination. Each public shareholder
(excluding our Sponsor and certain lead investors in our IPO) may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether
they vote for or against the proposed transaction. This means that public shareholders who hold NESR ordinary shares on or before
May 16, 2018 (two (2) business days before the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting) may elect to redeem their
shares whether or not they are holders as of the record date, and whether or not they vote for the Business Combination Proposal,
so long as such holder properly demands redemption and delivers its shares (either physically or electronically) to our transfer
agent in accordance with the procedures described herein. 

 Pursuant
to our Charter, if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by May 17, 2019, we will, as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest earned (net of taxes payable), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations
except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs. This redemption of public shares from the trust account will be done automatically
by function of our memorandum and articles of association and prior to any formal voluntary liquidation of the company. Our Sponsor
has agreed to waive its right to receive liquidating distributions with respect to its Founder Shares if we fail to consummate
our initial business combination by May 17, 2019. However, if our Sponsor or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquire
public shares, they will be entitled to receive liquidating distributions with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate
our initial business combination within the required time period. 

 Our
shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of legally available
funds. In the event of a liquidation or winding up of the company after our initial business combination, our shareholders are
entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision
is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other
subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our shareholders
with the redemption rights set forth above. 

 244 

 Founder
 Shares 

 The
Founder Shares held by Sponsor are identical to the other ordinary shares and have the same shareholder rights as public
shareholders, except that (i) the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below,
and (ii) our Sponsor agreed (A) to waive its rights to liquidating distribution with respect to its Founder Shares
and public shares in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination and (B) to waive its redemption rights
with respect to its Founder Shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination by May 17, 2019, although
it will be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any public shares it holds if we fail to consummate our
initial business combination within such time period. Our Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares and any
public shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination and our officers and directors
have also agreed to vote any public shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. 

 Our
Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares (except to certain permitted transferees as described
below) until the earlier of (i) one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination
or (ii) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after our initial business
combination that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share
(as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period 150 days after our initial business combination, the Founder Shares will be released and may be registered
and sold. Pursuant to the NPS Stock Purchase Agreement, additional restrictions were imposed on Sponsor to prohibit selling 50%
of its ordinary shares within the first year, permitting the sale of an additional 25% after the trading price exceeds $15.00,
and the final 25% after the trading price exceeds $17.50. 

 Preferred
Shares 

 Our
Charter authorizes the creation and issuance without shareholder approval of an unlimited number of preferred shares divided
into five classes, Class A through Class E each with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined by a resolution
of our Board of Directors to amend the Charter to create such designations, rights and preferences. We have five classes
of preferred shares to give us flexibility as to the terms on which each Class is issued. Unlike Delaware law, all shares of a
single class must be issued with the same rights and obligations. Accordingly, starting with five classes of preference shares
will allow us to issue shares at different times on different terms. No preferred shares are currently issued or outstanding.
Accordingly, our Board of Directors is empowered, without shareholder approval, to issue preferred shares with dividend, liquidation,
redemption, voting or other rights, which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of ordinary shares.
However, the underwriting agreement from the IPO prohibits us, prior to our initial business combination, from issuing
preferred shares which participate in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account, or which vote as a class with the ordinary
shares on our initial business combination. We may issue some or all of the preferred shares to effect our initial business
combination. In addition, the preferred shares could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a
change in control of us. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preferred shares, we may do so in the future. 

 245 

 The
rights of preferred shareholders, once the preferred shares are in issue, may only be amended by a resolution to amend our memorandum
and articles of association provided such amendment is also approved by a separate resolution of a majority of the votes of preferred
shareholders who being so entitled attend and vote at the class meeting of the relevant preferred class. If our preferred shareholders
want us to hold a meeting of preferred shareholders (or of a class of preferred shareholders), they may requisition the directors
to hold one upon the written request of preferred shareholders entitled to exercise at least 30% of the voting rights in respect
of the matter (or class) for which the meeting is requested. Under British Virgin Islands law, we may not increase the required
percentage to call a meeting above 30%. 

 Warrants 

 As
of the date hereof, we had 22,921,700 public warrants and 12,618,680 private warrants outstanding. Each warrant entitles the registered
holder to purchase one-half of one ordinary share at a price of $5.75 per half share, subject to adjustment as discussed below,
at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of the IPO or 30 days after the completion of our initial
business combination. For example, if a warrant holder holds two warrants, such warrants will be exercisable for one ordinary
share at a price of $11.50 per share. Warrants must be exercised for whole ordinary shares. The warrants will expire five years
after the completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption, as described below. 

 Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no public warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement
covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants
is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may,
until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an
effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a "cashless basis" in the same manner as if we
called the warrants for redemption and required all holders to exercise their warrants on a "cashless basis." In such
event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between
the exercise price of the warrants and the "fair market value" (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The "fair
market value" for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading
days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. There will be no net cash settlement of the warrants under any circumstances. 

 The
private warrants are identical to the public warrants except that such warrants will be exercisable for cash (even if a registration
statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective) or on a cashless basis, at the
holder's option, and will not be redeemable by us, in each case so long as they are still held by the initial purchasers
or their affiliates. 

 246 

 We
may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the private warrants), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, 

 &#9679; 
 at
 any time while the warrants are exercisable, 

 &#9679; 
 upon
 not less than 30 days' prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, 

 &#9679; 
 if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $21.00 per share, for any 20 trading days
 within a 30-day trading period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders, and 

 &#9679; 
 if,
 and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants
 commencing five business days prior to the 30-day trading period and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

 The
right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption.
On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price
for such holder's warrant upon surrender of such warrant. 

 The
redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a substantial
premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant
exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share
price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants. 

 If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to
exercise warrants to do so on a "cashless basis." In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering
the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary
shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the "fair market
value" (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. In this case, the "fair market value" shall mean the average
reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which
the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Whether we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise
their warrants on a "cashless basis" will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our ordinary shares
at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive stock issuances. 

 The
public warrants have been issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company,
as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of
any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of
the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of
the registered holders. 

 The
exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including
in the event of a share dividend (or bonus share issue), extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger
or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below their respective
exercise prices. 

 247 

 The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied
by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised.
The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise
their warrants and receive ordinary shares. After the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will
be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

 Except
as described above, no public warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue ordinary shares unless at the
time a holder seeks to exercise such warrant, a prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
is current and the ordinary shares have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state
of residence of the holder of the warrants. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to
meet these conditions and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
until the expiration of the warrants. 

 Warrant
holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would
not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially
own in excess of 9.8% of the ordinary shares outstanding. 

 Dividends 

 We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings,
if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The
payment of any dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our then Board of Directors.
It is the present intention of our Board of Directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and,
accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

 248 

 BENEFICIAL
OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES 

 The
following table sets forth information known to the Company regarding (i) the actual beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares
as of the record date (pre-Business Combination) and (ii) expected beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares immediately following
consummation of the Business Combination (post-Business Combination), assuming that no securities of the Company are purchased
or sold after the record date, and that no public shares of the Company are redeemed, and alternatively that the maximum number
of public shares of the Company are redeemed, by: 

 &#9679; 
 each
 person who is, or is expected to be, the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding ordinary shares; 

 &#9679; 
 each
 of our current named executive officers and directors; 

 &#9679; 
 each
 person who will become a named executive officer or director of the Company post Business Combination; and 

 &#9679; 
 all
 named executive officers and directors of the Company as a group pre-Business Combination and post-Business Combination. 

 Beneficial
ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a
security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants
that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. 

 The
expected beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares pre-Business Combination is based on 28,652,125 ordinary shares issued and
outstanding as of the record date. 

 The
expected beneficial ownership percentages set forth in the table below with respect to NESR following the Business Combination
assume Backstop Commitment drawn in full, and maximum interest paid to Hana Investments under Share Exchange Agreement. 

 The
expected beneficial ownership of ordinary shares post-Business Combination assuming no redemption has been determined based on
the following: (i) there will be an aggregate of 96,279,872 ordinary shares issued and outstanding at closing and (ii) NESR exercises
the full $150 million under the Forward Purchase Agreement. 

 The
expected beneficial ownership of ordinary shares post-Business Combination assuming maximum redemption has been determined based
on the following: (i) NESR shareholders have exercised their redemption rights with respect to 6,905,839 ordinary shares, (ii)
there will be an aggregate of 89,443,091 ordinary shares issued and outstanding at closing and (iii) NESR exercises the full $150
million under the Forward Purchase Agreement. 

 Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to
all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. Actual beneficial ownership as of date of this proxy statement or at the closing
of the proposed Business Combination may differ from the shares listed in the table below and hence these holdings should be viewed
for illustrative purposes only. 

 249 

 Before
 the Business 
 After
 the Business Combination 

 Combination 

 Assuming 

 Assuming
 No 
 Redemption
 of 

 Redemption 
 6,905,839
 Shares (1) 

 Number of 
 
 Number
 of 
 
 Number
 of 

 Shares 
 % 
 Shares 
 % 
 Shares 
 % 
 
 Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owners 

 Sherif
 Foda (2) 
 5,730,425 
 20 % 
 5,730,425 
 5.95 % 
 5,730,425 
 6.41 % 
 
 Thomas
 D. Wood (2) 
 5,730,425 
 20 % 
 5,780,425 
 6 % 
 5,780,425 
 6.46 % 
 
 NESR
 Holding Ltd (2) 
 5,730,425 
 20 % 
 5,730,425 
 5.95 % 
 5,730,425 
 6.41 % 
 
 Antonio
 J Campo Mejia 
 - 
 - 
 120,000 
 * 
 120,000 
 * 
 
 Hala
 Zeibak 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Salem
 Al Noaimi 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mubadarah
 Investment LLC (8) 
 - 
 - 
 17,242,424 
 17.91 % 
 17,242,424 
 19.28 % 
 
 Hilal
 Al Busaidy 
 - 
 - 
 621,212 
 * 
 621,212 
 * 
 
 Yasser
 Al Barami 
 - 
 - 
 621,212 
 * 
 621,212 
 * 
 
 Andrew
 Waite 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Adnan
 Ghabris 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Backstop
 Investor (3) 
 - 
 - 
 14,114,906 
 14.66 % 
 14,114,906 
 15.78 % 
 
 Competrol
 Establishment (4) 
 3,000,000 
 10.47 % 
 3,000,000 
 3.12 % 
 3,000,000 
 3.35 % 
 
 Hana
 Investments Co. WLL (4)(5) 

 13,758,449 
 14.29 % 
 13,758,449 
 15.38 % 
 
 SV3 Holdings
 PTE Ltd. (9) 
 - 
 - 
 6,825,000 
 7.09 % 
 6,825,000 
 7.63 % 
 
 Castle SPC Ltd. (10) 
 - 
 - 
 4,806,289 
 4.99 % 
 4,806,289 
 5.37 % 
 
 Al-Nowais Investments
 LLC (11) 
 - 
 - 
 4,806,289 
 4.99 % 
 4,806,289 
 5.37 % 
 
 K2
 Principal Fund, L.P. (6) 
 1513701 
 5.3 % 
 1,513,701 
 1.57 % 
 1,513,701 
 1.69 % 
 
 MMCAP
 International Inc. SPC (7) 
 2,228,528 
 7.7 % 
 2,228,528 
 2.31 % 
 2,228,528 
 2.49 % 
 
 All
 directors and officers as a group (4 persons total prior to Business Construction; 9 persons total after the Business Construction) 
 5730425 
 20 % 
 7,142,849 
 7.42 % 
 7,142,849 
 7.99 % 

 *less
than 1%. 

 (1)
 Assumes NESR exercises the full $150 million facility available as part of the Forward Purchase Agreement. 

 (2)
 Represents ordinary shares held directly by NESR Holdings Ltd., our Sponsor. Sherif Foda and Thomas Wood are shareholders
and directors of NESR Holdings Ltd. and share voting and dispositive control over the securities held by our Sponsor, and thus
share beneficial ownership of such securities. Each of Messrs. Foda and Wood disclaims beneficial ownership over any securities
owned by our Sponsor in which he does not have any pecuniary interest. 

 (3)
 The Backstop Investor, MEA Energy Investment Company 2 Ltd, is wholly owned by Waha Capital. 

 (4)
 Each of Olayan International Limited, Olayan Investments Company Establishment, Hana
Investments and Competrol Establishment are part of The Olayan Group. 

 (5)
 Includes a maximum of 418,001 shares issuable to Hana Investments in lieu of a cash payment of up to $4.7 million in interest
fees. 

 (6)
 According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 9, 2018 on behalf of Daniel Gosselin, Shawn Kimel Investments,
Inc., an Ontario corporation ("SKI"), The K2 Principal Fund, L.P., an Ontario limited partnership (the "Fund"),
K2 GenPar L.P., an Ontario limited partnership (the "GP"), K2 GenPar 2009 Inc., an Ontario corporation ("GenPar
2009"), and K2 & Associates Investment Management Inc., an Ontario corporation ("K2 & Associates").
The GP is the general partner of the Fund, and GenPar 2009 is the general partner of the GP. GenPar 2009 is a direct wholly-owned
subsidiary of SKI. K2 & Associates is a direct 66.5% owned subsidiary of SKI, and is the investment manager of the Fund. Mr.
Gosselin is president of each of SKI, the GP, GenPar 2009 and K2 and Associates, and exercises ultimate voting and investment
powers over the 1,513,701 shares that are held of record by The K2 Principal Fund, L.P. 

 (7)
 According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2018 on behalf of MMCAP International Inc. SPC, a Cayman
Islands company, and MM Asset Management Inc., an Ontario corporation, which entities share voting and investment powers over
the shares reported therein. The shares listed in the table above exclude 3,511,566 ordinary shares in aggregate underlying
warrants which are beneficially owned by the reporting persons and included pursuant to Rule 13d-3(d)(1)(i) of the Exchange Act
of 1934. The warrants are not exercisable if, as a result of an exercise, the holder would then become a "ten p ercent
beneficial owner" of NESR's ordinary shares, as defined in Rule 16a-2 under the Exchange Act of 1934. 

 (8)
 Hilal Al Busaidy and Yasser Al Barami control Mubadarah Investment LLC. 

 (9)
 SV3 Holdings Pte Ltd is owned by two private equity funds: SCF-VIII, LP and Viburnum Funds Pty Ltd. 

 (10)
 Castle SPC Limited is wholly owned by Waha Capital. 

 (11)
 Hussain Al Nowais is the Chairman of Al-Nowais Investments LLC. He has a 7.56% ownership interest in Waha Capital. 

 250 

 CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

 NESR
Related Person Transactions 

 Founder
Shares 

 On
February 9, 2017, the Company issued an aggregate of 5,750,000 ordinary shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price
of $25,000. On May 11, 2017, the Company effectuated a 1.05-for-1 subdivision of its ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate
of 6,037,500 Founder Shares being held by the Sponsor of these 6,037,500 shares, an aggregate of up to 787,500 ordinary shares
were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters' over-allotment was not exercised in full
or in part, so that the Sponsor would own 20% of the Company's issued and outstanding shares after the IPO. As a result
of the underwriters' election to partially exercise their over-allotment option on May 30, 2017, 480,425 Founder Shares
are no longer subject to forfeiture. The underwriters elected not to exercise the remaining portion of the over-allotment option
and, therefore, 307,075 Founder Shares were forfeited. 

 Sponsor
maintained legal and voting rights to the Founder Shares while Mr. Foda and Mr. Wood maintained control of beneficial ownership.
The Sponsor has agreed that, subject to certain limited exceptions, its Founder Shares will not be transferred, assigned or sold
until one year after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier if, subsequent to a Business Combination,
the last sales price of the Company's ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing 150
days after a Business Combination. Before the IPO, Mr. Foda and Mr. Wood, as beneficial owners of shares issued to Sponsor to
maintain voting control, assigned beneficial ownership to some Founder Shares to certain key persons facilitating the organization
of the IPO. 

 Private
Warrants 

 Simultaneously
with the consummation of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement of 11,850,000 private warrants at a price of $0.50
per private warrant, generating total proceeds of $5,925,000. Additionally, on May 30, 2017, in connection with the underwriters'
election to partially exercise their over-allotment option in the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of an additional 768,680
private warrants at $0.50 per warrant, generating total gross proceeds of $384,340. The private warrants, which were purchased
by the Company's Sponsor, are substantially similar to the public warrants, except that if held by the original holders
or their permitted assigns, they (i) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, (ii) are not subject to being called for
redemption and (iii) subject to certain limited exceptions, will be subject to transfer restrictions until 30 days following the
consummation of the Company's initial business combination. If the private warrants are held by holders other than its initial
holders, the private warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by holders on the same basis as the public warrants.
The proceeds from the private placement were added to the proceeds from our IPO held in the trust account. If we do not complete
an initial business combination by May 17, 2019, the proceeds of the sale of the private warrants will be used to fund the redemption
of the public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the private warrants will expire worthless. 

 Related
Party Advances 

 During
the period from January 23, 2017 (inception) through May 17, 2017, the Sponsor advanced the Company an aggregate of $193,899 for
costs associated with its IPO and for working capital purposes. The advances are non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on demand.
As of December 31, 2017, the company has repaid $192,910 of such advances. Advances amounting to $989 were outstanding as of December
31, 2017. 

 Promissory
Note -- Related Party 

 On
February 10, 2017, the Company entered into a promissory note with the Sponsor, whereby the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company
up to an aggregate of $300,000 (the "Promissory Note") to be used in part for expenses incurred in connection with
the IPO. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on the earlier of June 30, 2017 or the closing of the
IPO. The Promissory Note was repaid upon the consummation of the IPO on May 17, 2017. 

 Administrative
Service Fee 

 The
Company entered into an agreement whereby, commencing on May 17, 2017 through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination
or the Company's liquidation, the Company will pay the Sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, utilities and
administrative support. For the period from January 23, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017, the Company incurred $80,000
in fees for these services, which such amount is included in operating costs in the accompanying condensed statements of operations
and in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2017. 

 251 

 Related
Party Loans 

 In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with the Business Combination, the Sponsor, the Company's officers, directors
or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds from time to time or at any time, as may be required
("Working Capital Loans"). Each Working Capital Loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The Working Capital
Loans would either be paid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the holder's discretion,
up to $1,500,000 of the Working Capital Loans may be converted into Private Warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant. There were
no Working Capital Loans outstanding as of December 31, 2017. 

 NPS
Related Person Transactions 

 Abdul
Aziz Mubarak Al Dulaimi is a founding shareholder of NPS and a member of its board of directors. Payments of $2,635,000
were made by Abdul Aziz Mubarak Al Dulaimi to NPS in 2016 and a further $1,200,000 in 2017 towards settlement of receivables due
from the founding shareholder which arose in connection with the sale of the NPS business to the new shareholders in 2014. 

 Also
in connection with the sale of NPS business in 2014, as a founding shareholder, Abdul Aziz Mubarak Al Dulaimi had provided an
indemnity to NPS to cover certain legacy taxation matters. In 2015, a legacy tax payment was made by NPS which was subsequently
recovered from the founding shareholder. The settlement was made in 2016 and amounted to $7,544,000. 

 GES
Related Person Transactions 

 GES
has relationships with the following entities who are considered to be related parties, as a result of common shareholding of
the involved entities. The related party relationships are documented in contractual agreements between GES and these entities. 

 Mubadarah
Investments LLC ("Mubadarah") 

 Mubadarah,
a Selling Stockholder, is the parent company of GES. 

 In
June 2012, Mubadarah obtained a loan from the National Bank of Oman ("NBO") amounting to 23.1 million Omani Riyals
($60.6 million) and for which GES was the guarantor. Under a corresponding shareholder loan agreement with Mubadarah, GES was
responsible for making debt service payments towards the NBO bank loan. GES made payments to Mubadarah of $789,005 in 2015, $1,425,141
in 2016 and then a further $1,393,746 in 2017, as funds towards the repayment of the loan with NBO. The bank loan was fully repaid
on 9 November 2017. GES is no longer a guarantor nor is it responsible for any loan financing payments to Mubadarah. 

 In
2015, GES purchased an office building from Mubadarah Real Estate LLC, an affiliate of Mubadarah Investment LLC, for $9,750,000.
The building is occupied by GES along with other Mubadarah group entities. GES charges rental income to these group entities for
the occupation of office space, based on usage. Rental income received by GES from Mubadarah group entities amounted to $230,162
in 2017, $488,332 in 2016 and $340,080 in 2015. 

 252 

 Heavy
Equipment Manufacturing & Trading LLC ("HEMT") 

 HEMT
is 100% owned by Tasneea Oil & Gas Technology LLC, which is 80% owned by Mubadarah and 20% owned by GES. HEMT is engaged by
various subsidiaries of GES for services such as fabrication, manufacturing and maintenance of tools and equipment. GES made payments
to HEMT of $226,642 in 2017, $719,633 in 2016 and $615,992 in 2015 in relation to these services. 

 Prime
Business Solutions LLC ("PBS") 

 PBS
is 100% owned by Mubadarah Business Solutions LLC and is involved in the development and maintenance of Enterprise Resource Planning
("ERP") systems. 

 PBS
has developed and implemented the GEARS (ERP) system for GES and is currently engaged to maintain it. GES has paid maintenance
fees to PBS of $485,100 in 2017, $924,924 in 2016, and $984,984 in 2015. 

 Esnaad
Solutions LLC (Esnaad) 

 Esnaad
is 100% owned by Mubadarah and is a supply chain company involved in the sourcing and procurement of products for the Oil &
Gas industry. In 2017, GES made payments of $1,690,757 to Esnaad against the purchase of chemicals, drilling fluids, materials
and supplies. 

 Sadara
LLC 

 Sadara
is 51% owned by Mubadarah and is engaged in the sourcing and procurement of products for the Oil & Gas industry. In 2017 GES
made payments of $115,624 to Sadara against the purchase of chemicals, drilling fluids and products. 

 Enshaat
Building Materials & Manufacturing LLC ("Enshaat") 

 Enshaat
is a construction company which was previously 56% owned by Mubadarah Investments LLC. 

 GES
made payments of $1,261,125 in 2015 to Enshaat for providing furnishing of GES building and for the factory construction and extension
of GES' Nizwa facility. Eshnaat was sold by Mubadarah to a third party in 2016 and GES no longer has any dealings with this
company. 

 Key
Management and Founders 

 Hilal
Al Busaidy and Yasser Al Barami are both founders of GES and key management of the company. 

 GES
has made advances to these key management members. The cumulative advances outstanding as at December 31, 2015 were $4,040,252
of which $3.7 million was owed by Yasser and $0.3 million was owed by Hilal. 

 The
advances outstanding as at December 31, 2016 were $4,921,905, of which $3.4 million was owed by Yasser and $0.2 million
was owed by Hilal and the balance was owed by other management employees. 

 The
advances outstanding as at December 31, 2017 were $2,600,000, owed by Yasser. 

 Falcon
Oil Services LLC Arbitration. In 2017, an arbitration award of $875,000 was entered against GES. The arbitration relates to
a subcontract entered into between Falcon Oil Services LLC ("Falcon Oil Services"), a company in which Hilal Al Busaidy
owns a minority interest, and GES Oman in relation to services GES Oman had contracted to provide to Jannah Hunt in Yemen. Falcon
Oil Services abandoned the contract after four days, and claimed a lack of security for delay in GES Oman returning Falcon Oil
Services' equipment. The arbitration award was brought against GES even though GES Oman was party to the original contract.
In addition, GES believes that the arbitration should have been brought in Dubai rather than in Oman pursuant to the underlying
contract. GES has been awarded a temporary stay on the enforcement of the award by the Omani courts. Mr. Hilal has a minority
ownership interest in Falcon Oil Services. 

 Policies
and Procedures for Related Person Transactions 

 Our
Code of Ethics will require us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential
conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the Board of Directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions
are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed $120,000 in any calendar
year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election
as a director, (b) greater than 5% beneficial owner of our ordinary shares, or (c) immediate family member of the persons referred
to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director
or a less than 10% beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions
or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may
also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 

 We
also require each of our directors and executive officers to annually complete a directors' and officers' questionnaire
that elicits information about related party transactions. 

 These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents
a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

 To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that
is affiliated with any of our Sponsor, officers or directors unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm and the approval of a majority of our disinterested and independent directors (if we have any at that time) that
the Business Combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. 

 253 

 PRICE
RANGE OF SECURITIES AND DIVIDENDS 

 Price
Range of NESR Securities 

 Our
ordinary shares and warrants are currently listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols "NESR" and "NESRW,"
respectively. Our ordinary shares and warrants each commenced separate public trading on June 5, 2017. 

 The
table below sets forth, for the calendar quarters indicated, the high and low bid prices of our ordinary shares and warrants as
reported on the NASDAQ for the period June 5, 2017 through March 31, 2018. 

 Ordinary
 Shares 

 Warrants 

 Period 

 Low 

 High 

 Low 

 High 

 June
 5 through June 30, 2017 
 
 $ 
 9.39 

 $ 
 9.62 

 $ 
 0.38 

 $ 
 0.60 

 July
 1 through September 30, 2017 
 
 $ 
 9.51 

 $ 
 9.68 

 $ 
 0.40 

 $ 
 0.60 

 October
 1 through December 31, 2017 
 
 $ 
 9.51 

 $ 
 9.99 

 $ 
 0.43 

 $ 
 0.85 

 January
 1 through March 31, 2018 
 
 $ 
 9.89 

 $ 
 9.98 

 $ 
 0.77 

 $ 
 1.10 

 April 1 through June 30, 2018 (1) 
 
 $ 
 9.94 

 $ 
 10.10 

 $ 
 0.71 

 $ 
 1.14 

 (1) Through
 May 4, 2018. 

 On
November 10, 2017, the trading date before the public announcement of the Business Combination, the closing sales price of the
Company's ordinary shares and warrants were $9.79, and $0.59, respectively. 

 Holders
of NESR 

 As
of the date of this proxy statement, there were 2 holders of record of our ordinary shares and 2 holders of record of our warrants. 

 Dividend
Policy of NESR 

 We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of our initial Business Combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings,
if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial Business Combination. The
payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial Business Combination will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors
at such time. In addition, our Board of Directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends
in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our Business Combination, our ability to declare
dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

 Price
Range of NPS/GES Securities 

 Historical market price information regarding each of NPS and GES is not provided because there is no public
market for either NPS' or GES' capital stock. 

 Holders
of NPS 

 The
following is a chart of ownership of NPS capital stock as of March 31, 2018. 

 254 

 Abdulaziz
 Al-Dolaimi 

 7,158,478 

 Al
 Nowais Investments LLC 

 60,493,559 

 Arab
 Petroleum Investments Corporation 

 83,383,011 

 Castle
 SPC Limited 

 60,493,559 

 Fahad
 Abdulla Bindekhayel 

 14,316,956 

 OFS
 Investments Limited 

 60,493,559 

 Hana
 Investments 

 83,660,878 

 Total 

 370,000,000 

 Dividend
Policy of NPS 

 NPS
is a privately held company and does not have a policy of paying regular dividends to its shareholders. In 2017, NPS declared
approximately $20 million in dividends to its shareholders. No dividends were declared in 2015 and 2016. In future years subsequent
to the Business Combination, NPS intends to establish a policy to fund a portion of the dividend that may be paid to NESR's
public shareholders in line with NESR's dividend policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing, from time to time there may be certain
contractual restrictions on NPS' ability to pay dividends. For instance, NPS has an existing syndicated loan facility, due
in installments through 2025, which restricts NPS ability to pay dividends if certain covenants, which include compliance with
financial ratios, are not met. Additionally, NPS also has a bridge loan facility due in August 2018 which does not permit dividend
distributions until such bridge loan is fully repaid. 

 255 

 Holders
of GES 

 The
following is a chart of ownership of GES capital stock as of March 31, 2018. 

 Mubadarah
 Investments LLC 
 293,725 
 
 Hilal
 Al Busaidy 
 10,250 
 
 Yasser
 Said Al Barami: 
 10,250 
 
 SV3
 Holdings Pte LTD 
 136,500 
 
 NESR
 Holdings Ltd 
 58,500 

 Total
Outstanding Shares: 500,000 

 Dividend
Policy of GES 

 GES
is a privately held company and did not have a policy of paying regular dividends to its shareholders. In 2017, GES declared approximately
$90.2 million dividend to its shareholders. No dividends were declared in 2015 and 2016. In future years subsequent to the Business
Combination GES intends to establish a policy to fund a portion of the dividend that may be paid to NESR's public shareholders
in line with NESR's dividend policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing, from time to time there may be certain contractual restrictions
on GES' ability to pay dividends. For instance, GES has a bank loan facility which includes restrictions on the distribution
of dividends unless GES is in compliance with certain financial covenants required by such loan facility. 

 256 

 INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMS 

 Representatives
of our independent registered public accounting firm, Marcum LLP, will be present at the meeting of the shareholders. The representatives
will have the opportunity to make a statement if they so desire and they are expected to be available to respond to appropriate
questions. 

 APPRAISAL
RIGHTS 

 Our
shareholders do not have appraisal rights in connection with the Business Combination under BVI law under the structure as presently
contemplated. 

 DELIVERY
OF DOCUMENTS TO SHAREHOLDERS 

 Pursuant
to the rules of the SEC, we and servicers that we employ to deliver communications to our shareholders are permitted to deliver
to two or more shareholders sharing the same address a single copy of this proxy statement and the accompanying Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. Upon written or oral request, we will deliver a separate copy of this proxy
statement and the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 to any shareholder at a shared
address to which a single copy of this proxy statement and the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2017 was delivered and who wishes to receive separate copies in the future. Shareholders receiving multiple copies of this
proxy statement and the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 may likewise request that
we deliver single copies of our proxy statement and the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2017 in the future. Shareholders may notify us of their requests by calling or writing us at our principal executive offices at
777 Post Oak Blvd., 7th Floor, Houston, Texas 77056. 

 TRANSFER
AGENT AND REGISTRAR 

 The
transfer agent for our securities is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. 

 SUBMISSION
OF SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS 

 Our
Board of Directors is aware of no other matter that may be brought before the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. Under
BVI law, only business that is specified in the notice of special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting shall be transacted at
the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. 

 FUTURE
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS 

 If
you intend to present a proposal at the 2019 annual meeting of shareholders, you must give timely notice thereof in writing to
the Company. Our Secretary must receive this notice at the principal executive offices of the Company no earlier than the opening
of business on the 120 th day before the 2019 annual meeting and not later than the later of (x) the close of business
on the 90 th day before the 2019 annual meeting or (y) the close of business on the 10 th day following the
day on which public announcement of the date of the 2019 annual meeting is first made by the Company. 

 If
you intend to present a proposal at the 2019 annual meeting, you must comply with the advance notice provisions of our Charter.
You may contact our Chief Executive Officer at our principal executive offices for a copy of the relevant charter provisions regarding
the requirements for making shareholder proposals and nominating director candidates. 

 If
you intend to have your proposal included in our proxy statement and proxy card for our 2019 annual meeting, the proposal must
be received at our principal executive offices within a reasonable time before we begin to print and send our proxy materials
for our 2019 annual meeting of shareholders. Shareholder proposals for the 2019 annual meeting must comply with the notice requirements
described in this paragraph and the other requirements set forth in SEC Rule 14a-8 to be considered for inclusion in our proxy
materials relating to our 2019 annual meeting. 

 257 

 WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 

 We
file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC as required by the Exchange Act. You can read NESR's SEC
filings, including this proxy statement and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, over the Internet
at the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document we file with the SEC at the SEC
public reference room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580 Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation
of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. You may also obtain copies of the materials described above
at prescribed rates by writing to the SEC, Public Reference Section, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. 

 If
you would like additional copies of this proxy statement or if you have questions about the Business Combination or the proposals
to be presented at the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting, you should contact us by telephone or in writing: 

 Dhiraj
Dudeja 
 Vice President 
 777 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 730 
 Houston, Texas 77056 
 (832) 925-3777 

 You
may also obtain these documents by requesting them in writing or by telephone from NESR's proxy solicitation agent at the
following address and telephone number: 

 Morrow
Sodali LLC 
 470 West Avenue 
 Stamford CT 06902 
 Tel: (800) 662-5200 (toll-free), or banks and brokers can call collect at (203) 658-9400. 

 If you are a shareholder
of NESR and would like to request documents, please do so by May 11, 2018, one week before the special meeting in
lieu of an annual meeting, in order to receive them before the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting . If you request
any documents from us, we will mail them to you by first class mail, or another equally prompt means. 

 All
information contained or incorporated by reference in this proxy statement relating to NESR as well as the accompanying Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 has been supplied by NESR, and all such information relating to Target
Companies has been supplied by NPS and GES. Information provided by either NESR or Target Companies does not constitute any representation,
estimate or projection of any other party. 

 This
document is a proxy statement of NESR for the special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting. We have not authorized anyone to give
any information or make any representation about the Business Combination, the Company or Target Companies that is different from,
or in addition to, that contained in this proxy statement. Therefore, if anyone does give you information of this sort, you should
not rely on it. The information contained in this proxy statement speaks only as of the date of this proxy statement, unless the
information specifically indicates that another date applies. 

 258 

 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Page 
 
 National
 Energy Services Reunited Corp. 

 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance
 Sheets as of December 31, 2017 
 F-3 
 
 Statements
 of Operations for the period from January 23, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
 of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the period from January 23, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017 
 F-5 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows for the period from January 23, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 F-7
 F-18 

 NPS
 Holdings Limited 

 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-19 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as at December 31, 2017 and 2016 
 F-20 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 
 F-21 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Investors' Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 
 F-23 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 
 F-24 
 
 Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-25
 F-48 

 Gulf
 Energy Company SAOC 

 Independent
 Auditors' Report 
 F-49 
 
 Consolidated
 Statement of Financial Position as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 
 F-50 
 
 Consolidated
 Statement of Profit and Loss and Other Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended 2017, 2016 and 2015 
 F-51 
 
 Consolidated
 Statement of Cash Flows for the Years Ended 2017, 2016 and 2015 
 F-52 
 
 Consolidated
 Statement of Changes in Investors' Equity for the Years Ended 2017, 2016 and 2015 
 F-53 
 
 Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-54
 F-92 

 F- 1 

 REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

 National
Energy Services Reunited Corp. 

 Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of National Energy Services Reunited Corp. and Subsidiary (the "Company")
as of December 31, 2017, the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for the
period from January 23, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial
statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from January 23, 2017
(inception) through December 31, 2017, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

 The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the financial statements, its business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company's
cash and working capital as of December 31, 2017 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these
matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

 Basis
for Opinion 

 These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

 We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 / s /
 Marcum LLP 

 Marcum
 llp 

 We
 have served as the Company's auditor since 2017 . 

 New
 York, NY 

 March 27, 2018, except for Note 11, as to which the date is May 7, 2018 

 F- 2 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEET 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2017 

 ASSETS 

 Current
 Assets 

 Cash 
 $ 741,096 
 
 Prepaid
 expenses 
 127,420 
 
 Total
 Current Assets 
 868,516 

 Cash
 and marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 230,554,024 
 
 Total
 Assets 
 $ 231,422,540 

 LIABILITIES
 AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 Current
 liabilities 

 Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 
 $ 3,473,511 
 
 Advance
 from related party 
 989 
 
 Total
 Current Liabilities 
 3,474,500 

 Deferred
 underwriting fees 
 9,022,229 
 
 Total
 Liabilities 
 12,496,729 

 Commitments 

 Ordinary
 shares subject to possible redemption, 16,921,700 shares at redemption value 
 164,281,449 

 Shareholders'
 Equity 

 Preferred
 shares, no par value; unlimited shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 
 -- 
 
 Ordinary
 shares, no par value; unlimited shares authorized; 11,730,425 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 16,921,700 shares subject
 to possible redemption) 
 57,508,393 
 
 Retained
 earnings 
 (2,864,031 ) 
 
 Total
 Shareholders' Equity 
 54,644,362 
 
 TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 $ 231,422,540 

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

 F- 3 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

 For
 the Period from January 23, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017 

 Operating
 costs 
 $ 4,214,790 
 
 Loss
 from operations 
 (4,214,790 ) 

 Other
 income (expense): 

 Interest
 income 
 1,343,523 
 
 Change
 in fair value of deferred underwriting fee liability 
 10,036 
 
 Unrealized
 loss on marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 (2,800 ) 
 
 Net
 loss 
 $ (2,864,031 ) 

 Weighted
 average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) 
 9,552,022 

 Basic
 and diluted net loss per ordinary share (2) 
 $ (0.40 ) 

 (1) 
 Excludes
 an aggregate of up to 16,921,700 shares subject to redemption at December 31, 2017. 

 (2) 
 Net
 loss per ordinary share basic and diluted excludes interest income attributable to ordinary shares subject to redemption
 of $986,991 for the period from January 23, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017. 

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

 F- 4 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 23, 2017 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2017 

 Ordinary
 Shares 
 Retained 
 Total 
 Shareholders' 

 Shares 
 Amount 
 Earnings 
 Equity 
 
 Balance
 January 23, 2017 (Inception) 
 -- 
 $ -- 
 $ -- 
 $ -- 

 Issuance
 of Founder Shares to Sponsor 
 6,037,500 
 25,000 
 -- 
 25,000 

 Forfeiture
 of Founder Shares 
 (307,075 ) 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 

 Sale
 of 22,921,700 Units, net of underwriters discount and offering expenses 
 22,921,700 
 215,455,502 
 -- 
 215,455,502 

 Sale
 of 12,618,680 Private Warrants 
 -- 
 6,309,340 
 -- 
 6,309,340 

 Ordinary
 shares subject to redemption 
 (16,921,700 ) 
 (164,281,449 ) 
 -- 
 (164,281,449 ) 

 Net
 loss 
 -- 
 -- 
 (2,864,031 ) 
 (2,864,031 ) 

 Balance
 December 31, 2017 
 11,730,425 
 $ 57,508,393 
 $ (2,864,031 ) 
 $ 54,644,362 

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

 F- 5 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 23, 2017 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2017 

 Cash
 Flows from Operating Activities: 

 Net
 loss 
 $ (2,864,031 ) 
 
 Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

 Interest
 earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 (1,339,824 ) 
 
 Change
 in fair value of deferred underwriting fee liability 
 (10,036 ) 
 
 Unrealized
 loss on securities held in Trust Account 
 2,800 
 
 Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

 Prepaid
 expenses 
 (127,420 ) 
 
 Accrued
 expenses 
 3,473,511 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities 
 (865,000 ) 

 Cash
 Flows from Investing Activities: 

 Investment
 of cash in Trust Account 
 (229,217,000 ) 
 
 Net
 cash used in investing activities 
 (229,217,000 ) 

 Cash
 Flows from Financing Activities: 

 Proceeds
 from issuance of ordinary shares to initial shareholder 
 25,000 
 
 Proceeds
 from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 
 225,202,660 
 
 Proceeds
 from sale of Private Warrants 
 6,309,340 
 
 Advances
 from related party 
 193,899 
 
 Repayment
 of advances from related party 
 (192,910 ) 
 
 Proceeds
 from promissory note related parties 
 299,030 
 
 Repayment
 of promissory note related party 
 (299,030 ) 
 
 Payment
 of offering costs 
 (714,893 ) 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities 
 230,823,096 

 Net
 Change in Cash 
 741,096 
 
 Cash
 Beginning 
 -- 
 
 Cash
 Ending 
 $ 741,096 

 Non-Cash
 investing and financing activities: 

 Deferred
 underwriting fee payable 
 $ 9,032,265 
 
 Initial
 classification of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 $ 163,294,405 
 
 Change
 in value of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 $ 987,044 

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

 F- 6 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2017 

 NOTE
1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS 

 National
Energy Services Reunited Corp. (the "Company") is a blank check company formed in the British Virgin Islands on January
23, 2017. The Company was formed for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation,
purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements, or engaging in any other similar
business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a "Business Combination"). Although the Company is not
limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company intends
to focus on businesses that operate in the energy services industry, with an emphasis on oil and gas services globally. 

 At
December 31, 2017, the Company had not yet commenced operations. All activity through December 31, 2017 relates to the Company's
formation, its initial public offering ("Initial Public Offering"), which is described below, identifying a target
company for a Business Combination and activities in connection with the proposed acquisitions of Gulf Energy S.A.O.C. ("Gulf
Energy") and NPS Holdings, Ltd. ("NPS"), as described in Note 8. The Company has two wholly-owned subsidiaries,
National Energy Services Reunited Corporation, which was incorporated in Texas on October 20, 2017, and NESR Limited, which was
incorporated in the United Kingdom on October 30, 2017. 

 The
registration statements for the Company's Initial Public Offering were declared effective on May 11, 2017. On May 17, 2017,
the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 21,000,000 units ("Units" and, with respect to the ordinary
shares included in the Units being offered, the "Public Shares"), generating gross proceeds of $210,000,000, which
is described in Note 4. 

 Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 11,850,000 warrants (the "Private Warrants")
at a price of $0.50 per warrant in a private placement to the Company's sponsor, NESR Holdings Ltd. (the "Sponsor"),
generating gross proceeds of $5,925,000, which is described in Note 5. 

 Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on May 17, 2017, an amount of $210,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds
of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Warrants was placed in a trust account ("Trust Account")
and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"), with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3)
and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation
of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. 

 On
May 30, 2017, in connection with the underwriters' election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, the Company
consummated the sale of an additional 1,921,700 Units at $10.00 per Unit and the sale of an additional 768,680 Private Warrants
at $0.50 per warrant, generating total gross proceeds of $19,601,340. Following the closing, an additional $19,217,000 of net
proceeds ($10.00 per Unit) was placed in the Trust Account, resulting in $229,217,000 ($10.00 per Unit) held in the Trust Account. 

 Transaction
costs amounted to $13,761,498, consisting of $4,014,340 of underwriting fees, $9,032,265 of deferred underwriting fees (see Note
7) and $714,893 of Initial Public Offering costs. As of December 31, 2017, $741,096 of cash was held outside of the Trust Account
and was available for working capital purposes. 

 The
Company's management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public
Offering and sale of Private Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward
consummating a Business Combination. The Company's initial Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses
that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriters
fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of an agreement to enter into a Business
Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires
50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the
Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

 F- 7 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2017 

 The
Company will provide its shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion
of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii)
by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or
conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
The shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account, net of taxes payable ($10.00 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and
not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to shareholders who
redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as
discussed in Note 7). The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least
$5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the
outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. However, certain investors in the Initial Public Offering
holding 6,000,000 Public Shares have agreed that they will hold such Public Shares sold in the Initial Public Offering through
the consummation of an initial Business Combination and not seek redemption in connection therewith. As a result, the Company
expects to meet the $5,000,001 net tangible asset requirement in order to complete its initial Business Combination. 

 If
a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal
reasons, or if the Company is deemed to be a foreign private issuer ("FPI") at such time, the Company will, pursuant
to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
a Business Combination. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain
shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, and if the Company will not be an FPI at such time, the Company will
offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer
rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, officers and directors
(the "Initial Shareholders") have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 6), and any Public Shares
held by them in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public
Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

 If
the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions in connection with a Business
Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Company's Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder
is acting in concert or as a "group" (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the "Exchange Act")), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to an aggregate of 20% or more of
the ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering. 

 The
Company will have until 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to consummate a Business Combination (the "Combination
Period"). However, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company
will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten
business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding
Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders' rights as shareholders (including the right
to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company's board of directors, proceed
to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to
provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. 

 F- 8 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2017 

 The
Initial Shareholders have agreed (i) to waive their liquidation rights with respect to their Founder Shares if the Company fails
to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period, (ii) to waive their redemption rights from the Trust Account
with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination and (iii)
not to propose an amendment to the Company's Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association that would affect
the substance or timing of the Company's obligation to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete
a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares in conjunction
with any such amendment. However, the Initial Shareholders will be entitled to liquidating distributions with respect to any Public
Shares acquired if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination or liquidates within the Combination Period. The underwriters
have agreed to waive their rights to deferred underwriting commissions held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does
not consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the
funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution,
it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the $10.00 per Unit
in the Initial Public Offering. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable
to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective
target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the
Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company's indemnity
of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable
against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company
will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business,
execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust
Account. 

 NOTE
2. LIQUIDITY AND GOING CONCERN 

 As
of December 31, 2017, the Company had $741,096 in its operating bank accounts, $230,554,024 in cash and securities held in the
Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its ordinary shares in connection therewith and
working capital deficit of $2,605,984. As of December 31, 2017, approximately $1,337,000 of the amount on deposit in the Trust
Account represented interest income, which is available to pay the Company's tax obligations. To date, the Company has not
withdrawn any interest from the Trust Account. 

 Until
the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying
and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel
expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

 The
Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its sponsors, stockholders, officers,
directors, or third parties. The Company's officers, directors and sponsors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company
funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company's
working capital needs. 

 None
of the sponsors, stockholders, officers or directors, or third parties is under any obligation to advance funds to, or to invest
in, the Company. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional
capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited
to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot
provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. These consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might
be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

 F- 9 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2017 

 NOTE
3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 Basis
of presentation 

 The
accompanying consolidated financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America ("GAAP") and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

 Principles
of Consolidation 

 The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

 Emerging
growth company 

 The
Company is an "emerging growth company," as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the "JOBS Act"), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to,
not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not
previously approved. 

 Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared
effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised
financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and
comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The
Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and
it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the
new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company's
consolidated financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth
company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences
in accounting standards used. 

 Use
of estimates 

 The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 

 Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect
of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements, which management
considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly,
the actual results could differ significantly from our estimates. 

 Cash
and cash equivalents 

 The
Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2017. 

 Cash
and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

 At
December 31, 2017, substantially all of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in cash and U.S. Treasury Bills. 

 F- 10 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2017 

 Ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption 

 The
Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards
Codification ("ASC") Topic 480 "Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity." Ordinary shares subject to mandatory
redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary
shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to
redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company's control) are classified as temporary
equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders' equity. The Company's ordinary shares
feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company's control and subject to occurrence of
uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2017, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary
equity, outside of the shareholders' equity section of the Company's balance sheet. 

 Offering
costs 

 Offering
costs consist of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly
related to the Initial Public Offering. Offering costs amounting to $13,761,498 were charged to shareholders' equity upon
the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

 Income
taxes 

 The
Company complies with the accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740 "Income Taxes," which requires an
asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future
taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected
to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized. 

 ASC
Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company's management determined that the British Virgin Islands
is the Company's only major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits as income tax expense. As of December 31, 2017, there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for
interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments,
accruals or material deviation from its position. 

 The
Company may be subject to potential examination by U.S. federal, U.S. states or foreign taxing authorities in the areas of income
taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various
tax jurisdictions and compliance with U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign tax laws. The Company's management does not expect
that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

 On
December 22, 2017 the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 ("Tax Reform") was signed into law. As a result
of Tax Reform, the U.S. statutory tax rate was lowered from 35% to 21% effective January 1, 2018, among other changes. ASC Topic
740 requires companies to recognize the effect of tax law changes in the period of enactment; therefore, the Company was required
to revalue its deferred tax assets and liabilities at the new rate. The SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 ("SAB
118") to address the application of GAAP in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available,
prepared, or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain tax effects of Tax
Reform. The ultimate impact may differ from this provisional amount, possibly materially, as a result of additional analysis,
changes in interpretations and assumptions the Company has made, additional regulatory guidance that may be issued, and actions
the Company may take as a result of Tax Reform. 

 The
provision for income taxes was deemed to be immaterial for the period from January 23, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017. 

 F- 11 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2017 

 Net
loss per ordinary share 

 The
Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements ASC Topic 260, "Earnings Per Share." Net loss per ordinary
share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the period. Ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2017 have been excluded from the calculation of basic income per share since
such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. The Company has not considered
the effect of (1) warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and private placement to purchase 17,770,190 ordinary shares and
(2) 200,717 ordinary shares that may be issued to the underwriters in connection with the deferred fee payable in the calculation
of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants and the issuance of the ordinary shares is contingent upon the occurrence
of future events. As a result, diluted income per ordinary share is the same as basic loss per ordinary share for the periods. 

 Reconciliation
of net loss per ordinary share 

 The
Company's net income (loss) is adjusted for the portion of income that is attributable to ordinary shares subject to redemption,
as these shares only participate in the income of the Trust Account and not the losses of the Company. Accordingly, basic and
diluted loss per ordinary share is calculated as follows: 

 For
 the Period from January 23, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017 
 
 Net
 loss 
 $ (2,864,031 ) 
 
 Less:
 Income attributable to ordinary shares subject to redemption 
 (986,991 ) 
 
 Adjusted
 net loss 
 $ (3,851,022 ) 

 Weighted
 average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 9,552,022 

 Basic
 and diluted net loss per ordinary share 
 $ (0.40 ) 

 Concentration
of credit risk 

 Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution
which, at times may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. At December 31, 2017, the Company had not experienced
losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

 Fair
value of financial instruments 

 The
fair value of the Company's assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, "Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures," approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheets, primarily
due to their short-term nature. 

 Recently
issued accounting standards 

 Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have
a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

 F- 12 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2017 

 NOTE
4. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING 

 Pursuant
to the Initial Public Offering, the Company sold 22,921,700 Units at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit, inclusive of 1,921,700
Units sold to the underwriters on May 30, 2017 upon the underwriters' election to partially exercise their over-allotment
option. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share and one warrant ("Public Warrant"). Each Public Warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one-half of one ordinary share at an exercise price of $5.75 per half share (see Note 9). 

 NOTE
5. PRIVATE PLACEMENT 

 Simultaneously
with the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 11,850,000 Private Warrants at a price of $0.50 per Private
Warrant for an aggregate purchase price of $5,925,000. On May 30, 2017, the Company consummated the sale of an additional 768,680
Private Warrants at a price of $0.50 per Private Warrant, which were purchased by the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of $384,340.
The proceeds from the Private Warrants were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.
There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Private Warrants. 

 The
Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants except that the Private Warrants (i) are not redeemable by the Company and
(ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, so long as they are held by the initial purchaser or their permitted transferees.
In addition, the Private Warrants and their component securities may not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days
after the consummation of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. 

 NOTE
6. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

 Founder
Shares 

 On
February 9, 2017, the Company issued an aggregate of 5,750,000 ordinary shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price
of $25,000. On May 11, 2017, the Company effectuated a 1.05-for-1 subdivision of its ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate
of 6,037,500 ordinary shares being held by the Sponsor (the "Founder Shares"). The 6,037,500 Founder Shares included
an aggregate of up to 787,500 ordinary shares which were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters'
over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor would own 20% of the Company's issued and outstanding
shares after the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriters' election to partially exercise their over-allotment
option on May 30, 2017, 480,425 Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. The underwriters elected not to exercise the
remaining portion of the over-allotment option and, therefore, 307,075 Founder Shares were forfeited. 

 The
Sponsor has agreed that, subject to certain limited exceptions, its Founder Shares will not be transferred, assigned or sold until
one year after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the
last sales price of the Company's ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing 150 days
after a Business Combination. 

 Related
Party Advances 

 During
the period from January 23, 2017 (inception) through May 17, 2017, the Sponsor advanced the Company an aggregate of $193,899 for
costs associated with the Initial Public Offering and for working capital purposes. The advances are non-interest bearing, unsecured
and due on demand. The Company has repaid $192,910 of such advances. Advances amounting to $989 were outstanding as of December
31, 2017. 

 Promissory
Note -- Related Party 

 On
February 10, 2017, the Company entered into a promissory note with the Sponsor, whereby the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company
up to an aggregate of $300,000 (the "Promissory Note") to be used in part for expenses incurred in connection with
the Initial Public Offering. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on the earlier of June 30, 2017 or
the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Promissory Note was repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering
on May 17, 2017. 

 F- 13 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2017 

 Administrative
Service Fee 

 The
Company entered into an agreement whereby, commencing on May 17, 2017 through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination
or the Company's liquidation, the Company will pay the Sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, utilities and
administrative support. For the period from January 23, 2017 (inception) through December 31, 2017, the Company incurred $80,000
in fees for these services, which such amounts are included in operating costs in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations
and in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

 Related
Party Loans 

 In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, the Company's officers, directors
or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds from time to time or at any time, as may be required
("Working Capital Loans"). Each Working Capital Loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The Working Capital
Loans would either be paid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the holder's discretion,
up to $1,500,000 of the Working Capital Loans may be converted into Private Warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant. There were
no Working Capital Loans outstanding as of December 31, 2017. 

 NOTE
7. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

 Contingent
Transaction Fee Arrangements 

 The
Company entered into a fee arrangement with a service provider pursuant to which certain fees incurred by the Company in connection
with a potential Business Combination will be deferred and become payable only if the Company consummates a Business Combination.
If a Business Combination does not occur, the Company will not be required to pay these contingent fees. The terms of the fee
arrangement include a fee of $1,500,000 contingent on the consummation of a Business Combination, less expenses incurred, an additional
fee of up to $500,000 payable at the sole discretion of the Company and other rights to act as a service provider to the Company
in certain future transactions for a 12 month period. As of December 31, 2017, the amount of these contingent fees was approximately
$1,382,000. In addition to this fee arrangement, the Company anticipates incurring a significant amount of additional costs
to complete the preparation of required securities filings and other costs to consummate the Business Combination. There
can be no assurances that the Company will complete a Business Combination. 

 Registration
Rights 

 Pursuant
to a registration rights agreement entered into on May 11, 2017, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Warrants (and their
underlying securities) and the warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans (and their underlying
securities) are entitled to registration rights. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three
demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain "piggy-back"
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination and rights
to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration
rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become
effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the
filing of any such registration statements. 

 Underwriters
Agreement 

 In
connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the over-allotment option, the underwriters were paid a cash underwriting
discount of $4,014,340. In addition, the underwriters deferred their fee of up to $9,022,229 until the completion of the initial
Business Combination, which amount includes 200,717 ordinary shares (the "Deferred Shares"). The Company determined
the fair value of the Deferred Shares to be issued to the underwriters at May 30, 2017 to be $2,007,170, based upon the offering
price of the Units of $10.00 per Unit. The fair value of the Deferred Shares at December 31, 2017 was determined to be $1,997,134,
based upon the closing price of the Company's ordinary shares at December 31, 2017. The Company recorded the change in the
fair value of the deferred underwriting fee liability of $10,036 for the period from January 23, 2017 (inception) through December
31, 2017 in the accompanying statements of operations. 

 The
ordinary shares to be issued to the underwriters have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up
for a period of 180 days pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA's NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these
ordinary shares will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the
economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the Initial Public
Offering, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following
the Initial Public Offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the Initial Public Offering and their
bona fide officers or partners. 

 F- 14 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2017 

 NOTE
8. GULF ENERGY AND NPS BUSINESS COMBINATION 

 On
November 12, 2017, the Company entered into the following agreements (the "Transactions") to acquire 100% of the shares
of two independent oil field service companies operating in the Middle East and North Africa, Gulf Energy and NPS. 

 NPS
Transaction 

 Pursuant
to a Stock Purchase Agreement with NPS (the "NPS SPA"), the Selling Stockholders (as defined in the NPS SPA) agreed
to sell to the Company and Hana Investments Co. WLL ("HIC") 100% of its outstanding
NPS shares in two separate closings. The total consideration to be paid to Selling Stockholders, assuming no NPS Leakage (as defined
in the NPS SPA) adjustments, will be $442,800,000 in cash plus 11,318,827 ordinary shares of the Company valued at $10.00 per
share. Selling Stockholders have elected to receive a distribution out of certain receivables proceeds from NPS, expected to be
paid before the closing, of $48 million (the "Receivable Proceeds"). 

 First
Closing . HIC agreed in the NPS SPA to pay $150 million of the total cash requirements to certain Selling Shareholders in exchange
for 83,660,878 shares of NPS. This payment was made on January 14, 2018. The Selling Stockholders mutually agreed on the proportion
of cash to be received by each of the Selling Stockholders and on the allocation of the Company's shares to be received
among the Selling Stockholders who remain shareholders in the Company through the closing. 

 Second
Closing. Upon approval by the shareholders of the Company, the Company agrees to buy the remaining outstanding NPS shares
by (i) paying the remaining $292,800,000 cash required and (ii) issuing ordinary shares of the Company's ordinary shares
valued at $10.00 per share for the balance of the purchase price, adjusted for any NPS Leakage. 

 Contemporaneously
on the closing date, HIC shall transfer the 83,660,878 NPS shares it acquired from Selling Stockholders to the Company in exchange
for the Company's shares valued at $11.244 per share, which will result in issuance of 13,340,448 of the Company's
shares to HIC. In addition, the Company shall pay HIC an amount of interest accrued from the date of the payment of the $150,000,000
to the Selling Stockholders until the closing date up to $4.7 million in cash or ordinary shares at a value of $11.244 equal to
418,001 ordinary shares. 

 Earnout
Consideration. Potential earn-out mechanisms enable the Selling Stockholders to receive additional consideration after the
closing date as follows: 

 &#9679; 
 Cash
 Earn-Out: the Company agreed to pay an additional $7,572,444 in cash payable upon renewal of a major customer contract by
 NPS or its subsidiaries, provided the renewal is on materially the same terms. Such customer contract will not be deemed to
 be renewed on materially the same terms if some services are excluded or prices are materially reduced from the prior year
 upon renewal. 

 &#9679; 
 Equity
 Stock Earn-Out: Up to 1,671,704 shares of the Company's stock would be issued to the Selling Stockholders that exchange
 their shares for the Company's stock, if the 2018 EBITDA of the Company satisfies scheduled financial thresholds. 

 &#9679; 
 Second
 Equity Stock Earn-Out: Up to an additional 1,671,704 shares of the Company's stock would be issued to the Selling Stockholders
 if the 2018 EBITDA of the Company satisfies scheduled thresholds higher than first Equity Stock Earn-Out financial thresholds. 

 The
Company is also required to make additional payments for delays in receiving shareholder approval ("Ticker Fee") to
complete the Transactions beyond December 31, 2017 as per the NPS SPA. The amount of the Ticker Fee is being discussed with NPS
Selling Stockholders. Pursuant to these discussions, the Selling Shareholders have agreed to waive the Ticker Fee associated with
the HIC payment of $150,000,000 which was made on January 14, 2018 to purchase 83,660,878 NPS Shares. For the remaining cash payments,
the Company has proposed an 8-week suspension of the Ticker Fee which would postpone its application to start from March 1, 2018.
Based on the 8-week suspension, the Ticker Fee is estimated to total $11,200,606 based on completing the Transactions on May 15,
2018. There is no Ticker Fee on the equity portion of the consideration received by the reinvesting Selling Stockholders. 

 F- 15 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2017 

 Gulf
Energy SPA 

 Pursuant
to a Stock Purchase Agreement with Gulf Energy (the "Gulf Energy SPA"), the Company contracted to acquire 61% of the
outstanding shares of Gulf Energy for a valuation of $184,800,000 through a stock exchange for the Company's ordinary shares
valued at $10.00 per share, to occur within one year of the signing of the Gulf Energy SPA or at such later time as mutually agreed
upon by the parties. The Gulf Energy SPA was entered upon approval by the Company's Board of Directors subject to approval
by the shareholders of the Company authorizing the Transactions. The Gulf Energy SPA provides that the purchase price shall be
reduced to the extent that the "Net Debt" in the company (i.e. bank debt less cash) exceeds $47,200,000 at the closing
date and to the extent of any Gulf Energy Leakage (as defined in the Gulf Energy SPA). The Gulf Energy SPA contains substantial
seller warranties regarding the stock and the financial condition of Gulf Energy. 

 Contribution
Agreement of SV3's 27.3% Shares 

 SV3
Holdings, Pte Ltd ("SV3") and the
Company entered into a Contribution Agreement (the "SV3 Contribution Agreement") to which SV3 agreed to contribute
its 27.3% of Gulf Energy shares to the Company in exchange for the Company's ordinary shares at an agreed valuation of $10.00
per share for the net price paid by SV3 to acquire the Gulf Energy shares, which amounted to 136,500 shares of Gulf Energy stock,
or 27.3% of the outstanding stock of Gulf Energy, for $68,250,000. 

 Minority
Interests Acquisitions/ Shares Exchange Agreement 

 In
addition, the Sponsor contracted with Mubadarah Investments LLC (the "Seller") and National Bank of Oman ("NBO")
to acquire for cash 58,500 shares of Gulf Energy, which is 11.7% of the outstanding stock of Gulf Energy, for a total purchase
price of $29,250,000. The Sponsor organized financing of the acquisition of the 11.7% through agreements ("Loan Contracts")
with a series of private investment, private equity lenders ("Investors"). The Sponsor also contracted to acquire
5% of the Gulf Energy shares from NBO for $12.5 million and completed that purchase on or about October 8, 2017. 

 Each
Investor has agreed that the Sponsor can assign the Loan Contracts to the Company if the shareholders of the Company approve the
Transactions. Each Investor agreed to accept in repayment of the Loan Contracts either the Company's ordinary shares at
a value of $10.00 per share, payment in cash, or Gulf Energy shares acquired with their respective advances. 

 The
Company executed with the Sponsor a Shares Exchange Agreement pursuant to which, subject to receiving approval by the Company's
shareholders for the Transactions, the Sponsor agreed to assign all 58,500 shares of Gulf Energy acquired to the Company, and
the Company will at that time assume the obligation to satisfy the Loan Contracts. Unless any Investor elects not to accept the
Company's shares to satisfy the debt, the Company will issue its ordinary shares to the Investors to satisfy the debt. 

 The
Company's obligation to perform under all of the Transactions documents is subject to an affirmative vote by a majority
of its shareholders to approve the Transactions. The Transactions will qualify as a Business Combination within the Combination
Period. 

 F- 16 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2017 

 Backstop
Commitment 

 The
Company is in negotiations to enter into a forward purchase agreement (the "Forward Purchase Agreement") with parties
arranged by MEA Energy Advisory UK, LLP or its affiliates ("Backstop Investor") to sell the Company's ordinary
shares for a total purchase price of up to $150 million of shares, pursuant to which the Company will draw down a minimum of $70
million in exchange for 7,000,000 shares at $10.00 per share and will have the option to draw up to an additional $80 million
in exchange for up to 7,114,906 shares at $11.244 per share, as needed. The funds will be used to replace capital removed by shareholder
redemptions, to help fund the cash portion of the consideration to the NPS Selling Stockholders and transaction expenses in the
Business Combination, or for other corporate purposes, such that the Company meets its minimum cash requirements immediately following
the Business Combination. The Backstop Investor will have no obligation to purchase any of the Company's ordinary shares
until definitive agreements are entered into. The Company expects the definitive terms of the Forward Purchase Agreement to be
negotiated and agreed before the Proxy Statement becomes definitive and is mailed to its shareholders. See Note. 11
- Subsequent Events. 

 NOTE
9. SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 Preferred
Shares -- The Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of no par value preferred shares, divided into five
classes, Class A through Class E, each with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined by a resolution of the
Company's board of directors to amend the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to create such designations,
rights and preferences. The Company has five classes of preferred shares to give the Company flexibility as to the terms on which
each Class is issued. All shares of a single class must be issued with the same rights and obligations. Accordingly, starting
with five classes of preferred shares will allow the Company to issue shares at different times on different terms. At December
31, 2017, there are no preferred shares designated, issued or outstanding. 

 Ordinary
Shares -- The Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of no par value ordinary shares. Holders of the
Company's ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2017, there were 11,730,425 ordinary
shares issued and outstanding (excluding 16,921,700 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption). 

 Warrants
 -- Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. The Public Warrants will become exercisable
on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. No Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement
covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary
shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of
the Public Warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of a Business Combination, the warrant
holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have
failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise the Public Warrants on a cashless basis in the same manner as
if the Company called the warrants for redemption and required all holders to exercise their warrants on a "cashless basis."
The Public Warrants will expire five years from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

 The
Company may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the Private Warrants): 

 &#9679; 
 in
 whole and not in part; 

 &#9679; 
 at
 a price of $.01 per warrant; 

 &#9679; 
 at
 any time during the exercise period; 

 &#9679; 
 upon
 a minimum of 30 days' prior written notice of redemption; 

 &#9679; 
 if,
 and only if, the last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $21.00 per share for any 20 trading days within
 a 30 trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption
 to the warrant holders; and 

 &#9679; 
 if,
 and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants
 commencing five business days prior to the 30-day trading period and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

 If
the Company calls the warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the
warrants to do so on a "cashless basis," as described in the warrant agreement. 

 F- 17 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2017 

 The
exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including
in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However,
the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event
will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any
of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company's assets held outside
of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

 NOTE
10. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

 The
Company follows the guidance in ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value
at each reporting period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. 

 The
fair value of the Company's financial assets and liabilities reflects management's estimate of amounts that the Company
would have received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets
and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and
to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities).
The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable
inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities: 

 Level
 1: 
 Quoted
 prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which
 transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing
 basis. 

 Level
 2: 
 Observable
 inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or
 liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. 

 Level
 3: 
 Unobservable
 inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 

 The
following table presents information about the Company's assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring
basis at December 31, 2017 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such
fair value: 

 Description 
 Level 
 December
 31, 2017 
 
 Assets: 

 Cash
 and marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 1 
 $ 230,554,024 
 
 Liabilities: 

 Deferred
 underwriting fees 
 1 
 $ 9,022,229 

 NOTE
11. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

 On April 27, 2018,
in connection with its proposed acquisitions of Gulf Energy SAOC and National Petroleum Services ("NPS") (such acquisitions,
the "Business Combination"), National Energy Services Reunited Corp. (the "Company" or "NESR")
entered into a forward purchase agreement (the "Agreement") with MEA Energy Investment Company 2 Ltd., a Cayman Islands
company (the "Investor"). 

 Pursuant to the Agreement,
the Company agreed to sell the Company's ordinary shares ("Shares") at the closing of the Business Combination
to the Investor or its designees and commonly controlled affiliates, including co-investment funds controlled by Investor or its
affiliates. The Company agreed to sell Shares for a total price of up to $150 million, consisting of (i) a primary placement,
pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell 7,000,000 Shares at $10.00 per share for a total drawdown of $70 million; and (ii)
at the Company's election, a secondary placement, pursuant to which the Company will have the option to draw, in one or
more installments, up to an additional $80 million by selling up to 7,114,906 Shares at $11.244 per share. The proceeds in the
secondary placement may be taken, drawing at least $30 million on the first draw and at least $12.5 million in subsequent draws.
All draw notices must be given with 3-10 business days' advance written notice, with the applicable closing to occur on
or within 3 months after the Business Combination. Such proceeds will (i) offset any capital used for shareholder redemptions;
(ii) fund the cash portion of the consideration to certain shareholders of NPS and transaction expenses in connection with the
Business Combination; or (iii) be used for other corporate purposes, including satisfaction of its minimum cash requirements immediately
following the Business Combination. 

 F- 18 

 Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 To
the stockholders and board of directors 

 NPS
Holdings Limited: 

 Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NPS Holdings Limited (the Company) as of December 31, 2017 and 2016,
the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the
years in the three year period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three
year period ended December 31, 2017, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

 Basis
for Opinion 

 These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB. 

 We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated
financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 We
have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 

 /s/
KPMG 

 Mumbai,
India 

 April
2, 2018 

 F- 19 

 NPS
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In
USD thousands, except share data) 

 December
 31, 

 2017 
 2016 
 
 ASSETS 

 Current
 assets: 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents 
 $ 24,502 
 $ 25,534 
 
 Short
 term deposits with bank 
 3,043 
 - 
 
 Accounts
 receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $4,106 and $3,772 as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively 
 58,174 
 53,170 
 
 Unbilled
 revenue 
 24,167 
 27,731 
 
 Service
 inventories 
 32,313 
 24,195 
 
 Other
 receivable 
 13,430 
 10,809 
 
 Due
 from related parties 
 - 
 1,200 
 
 Prepaid
 expenses 
 5,268 
 7,338 
 
 Advances
 to suppliers 
 958 
 6,270 
 
 Total
 current assets 
 161,855 
 156,247 
 
 Property,
 plant and equipment, net 
 264,269 
 259,969 
 
 Other
 assets 
 11,385 
 4,472 
 
 Intangibles,
 net 
 10 
 293 
 
 Goodwill 
 182,053 
 181,929 
 
 Total
 assets 
 $ 619,572 
 $ 602,910 
 
 LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 Current
 liabilities: 

 Trade
 accounts payable and other payables 
 $ 25,132 
 $ 26,640 
 
 Accrued
 expenses 
 23,324 
 13,607 
 
 Due
 to related parties 
 25 
 - 
 
 Short-term
 debt 
 8,773 
 8,655 

 Employee
 benefit liability 
 2,552 
 2,218 
 
 Income
 taxes payable 
 2,651 
 3,083 
 
 Total
 current liabilities 
 62,457 
 54,203 
 
 Deferred
 tax liability 
 1,922 
 1,324 
 
 Long-term
 debt, net of unamortized debt issuance cost 
 147,024 
 149,071 
 
 Other
 liabilities 
 4,472 
 4,472 
 
 Income
 taxes payable 
 3,530 
 2,396 
 
 Long-term
 employee benefit liability 
 10,738 
 9,363 
 
 Total
 liabilities 
 230,143 
 220,829 

 Stockholders'
 equity: 

 Common
 stock - par value $1; 370,000,000 shares authorized ; 342,250,000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2017 and December
 31, 2016 
 342,250 
 342,250 
 
 Convertible
 shares 
 27,750 
 27,750 
 
 Additional
 paid in capital 
 3,345 
 3,345 
 
 Retained
 earnings 
 18,480 
 8,814 
 
 Accumulated
 other comprehensive income (loss) 
 (436 ) 
 (391 ) 
 
 Total
 stockholders' equity 
 391,389 
 381,768 
 
 Non-controlling
 interests 
 (1,960 ) 
 313 
 
 Total
 Stockholders' equity 
 389,429 
 382,081 

 Total
 liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 $ 619,572 
 $ 602,910 
 
 Commitments
 and contingencies (See Note 12) 

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 F- 20 

 NPS
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

 (In
USD thousands, except share data) 

 Years
 Ended December 31, 

 2017 

 2016 

 2015 

 Revenues,
 net 
 
 $ 
 271,324 

 $ 
 224,115 

 $ 
 203,715 

 Cost
 of services 

 200,149 

 157,382 

 138,890 

 Gross
 profit 

 71,175 

 66,733 

 64,825 

 Depreciation
 and amortization expense 

 607 

 19,293 

 23,583 

 Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 

 30,336 

 25,954 

 28,911 

 Property,
 plant and equipment impairment 

 - 

 3,370 

 - 

 Total
 operating costs and expenses 

 30,943 

 48,617 

 52,494 

 Operating
 income 

 40,232 

 18,116 

 12,331 

 Interest
 expense, net 

 (6,720 
 ) 

 (5,677 
 ) 

 (4,319 
 ) 
 
 Other
 expense, net 

 (573 
 ) 

 (1,441 
 ) 

 (1,029 
 ) 
 
 Income
 before income taxes 

 32,939 

 10,998 

 6,983 

 Income
 taxes 

 4,586 

 2,648 

 1,870 

 Net
 income 

 28,353 

 8,350 

 5,113 

 Net
 loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

 (2,273 
 ) 

 (193 
 ) 

 (74 
 ) 
 
 Net
 income attributable to stockholders 

 30,626 

 8,543 

 5,187 

 Earnings
 (loss) per Common share: 

 Basic 
 
 $ 
 0.09 

 $ 
 0.02 

 $ 
 0.02 

 Diluted 
 
 $ 
 0.08 

 $ 
 0.02 

 $ 
 0.01 

 Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding: 

 Basic 

 342,250,000 

 340,932,192 

 333,000,000 

 Diluted 

 370,000,000 

 368,682,192 

 370,000,000 

 Cash
 dividends declared per share 
 
 $ 
 0.05 

 $ 
 - 

 $ 
 - 

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 F- 21 

 NPS
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 (In
USD Thousands) 

 Years
 Ended December 31, 

 2017 

 2016 

 2015 

 Net
 income 
 
 $ 
 28,353 

 $ 
 8,350 

 $ 
 5,113 

 Other
 comprehensive income (loss): 

 Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 

 (45 
 ) 

 1,646 

 (433 
 ) 
 
 Comprehensive
 income 

 28,308 

 9,996 

 4,680 

 Comprehensive
 loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

 (2,273 
 ) 

 (193 
 ) 

 (74 
 ) 

 Comprehensive
 income attributable to stockholders 
 
 $ 
 30,581 

 $ 
 10,189 

 $ 
 4,754 

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 F- 22 

 NPS
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 (In
USD thousands, except share data) 

 Shares
 Outstanding 
 Common
 Stock 
 Redeemable
 Convertible Shares Outstanding 
 Redeemable
 Convertible Shares 
 Additional
 Paid In Capital 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Retained
 Earnings (Loss) 
 Total Company
 Stockholders' Equity 
 Non- controlling
 Interests 
 Total Stockholders'
 Equity 
 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2014 
 333,000,000 
 $ 333,000 
 37,000,000 
 $ 37,000 
 $ 372 
 $ (1,604 ) 
 $ (1,739 ) 
 $ 367,029 
 $ 335 
 $ 367,364 
 
 Net
 income (loss) 

 5,187 
 5,187 
 (74 ) 
 5,113 
 
 Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

 (433 ) 
 
 (433 ) 
 
 (433 ) 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation 

 2,466 

 2,466 
 
 2,466 
 
 Stock
 Options Exercised 

 135 

 135 
 
 135 
 
 Amount
 of provision for Zakat 

 39 
 39 
 
 39 
 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2015 
 333,000,000 
 $ 333,000 
 37,000,000 
 $ 37,000 
 $ 2,973 
 $ (2,037 ) 
 $ 3,487 
 $ 374,423 
 $ 261 
 $ 374,684 

 Net
 Income 

 8,543 
 8,543 
 (193 ) 
 8,350 
 
 Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

 1,646 
 
 1,646 
 
 1,646 
 
 Disposal
 of noncontrolling interest 

 21 
 21 
 37 
 58 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation 

 372 

 372 
 
 372 
 
 Reclassification
 adjustment 

 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Convertible
 shares redemption 
 9,250,000 
 9,250 
 (9,250,000 ) 
 (9,250 ) 

 - 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition
 of NCI 

 (1,735 ) 
 (1,735 ) 
 208 
 (1,527 ) 
 
 Amount
 of Provision for Zakat 

 (1,502 ) 
 (1,502 ) 
 
 (1,502 ) 

 - 

 Balance
 at December 31, 2016 
 342,250,000 
 $ 342,250 
 27,750,000 
 $ 27,750 
 $ 3,345 
 $ (391 ) 
 $ 8,814 
 $ 381,768 
 $ 313 
 $ 382,081 

 Net
 Income (loss) 

 30,626 
 30,626 
 (2,273 ) 
 28,353 
 
 Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

 (45 ) 
 
 (45 ) 
 
 (45 ) 
 
 Reclassification
 adjustment 

 Dividends 

 (20,000 ) 
 (20,000 ) 
 
 (20,000 ) 
 
 Amount
 of Provision for Zakat 

 (960 ) 
 (960 ) 
 
 (960 ) 
 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2017 
 342,250,000 
 $ 342,250 
 27,750,000 
 $ 27,750 
 $ 3,345 
 $ (436 ) 
 $ 18,480 
 $ 391,389 
 $ (1,960 ) 
 $ 389,429 

 F- 23 

 NPS
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In
USD thousands) 

 Years
 Ended December 31, 

 2017 

 2016 

 2015 

 Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

 Net
 Income 
 
 $ 
 28,353 

 $ 
 8,350 

 $ 
 5,113 

 Adjustments
 to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

 Depreciation
 and amortization 

 38,408 

 52,388 

 52,457 

 Stock
 compensation 

 - 

 372 

 2,466 

 Gain
 on disposal of property, plant and equipment 

 (228 
 ) 

 (26 
 ) 

 (164 
 ) 
 
 Impairment
 of property, plant and equipment 

 - 

 3,370 

 - 

 Accrued
 interest on loan 

 7,835 

 6,029 

 5,300 

 Deferred
 tax expense 

 598 

 (317 
 ) 

 552 

 Provision
 for bad debt expense 

 334 

 1,071 

 2,073 

 Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

 (Increase)
 decrease in accounts receivable 

 (5,000 
 ) 

 (7,828 
 ) 

 (10,561 
 ) 
 
 (Increase)
 decrease in unbilled revenue 

 3,564 

 (7,342 
 ) 

 (4,032 
 ) 
 
 (Increase)
 decrease in other receivable 

 (2,621 
 ) 

 (658 
 ) 

 3,276 

 (Increase)
 decrease in advances to suppliers 

 5,312 

 2,930 

 (5,150 
 ) 
 
 (Increase)
 decrease in service inventories 

 (8,118 
 ) 

 (4,147 
 ) 

 (2,045 
 ) 
 
 (Increase)
 decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets 

 2,070 

 3,528 

 (2,267 
 ) 
 
 (Decrease)
 increase in trade accounts payable 

 (545 
 ) 

 8,400 

 691 

 (Decrease)
 increase in accrued liabilities 

 9,717 

 2,121 

 (3,790 
 ) 
 
 Increase
 (decrease) in related party balances, net 

 1,225 

 1,548 

 1,896 

 Increase
 (decrease) in other assets/liabilities, net 

 2,289 

 9,107 

 (7,873 
 ) 
 
 Net
 cash provided by operating activities 

 83,193 

 78,896 

 37,942 

 Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

 Purchases
 of property, plant and equipment 

 (48,657 
 ) 

 (62,237 
 ) 

 (58,087 
 ) 
 
 Acquisition
 of Non-controlling Interest 

 (1,527 
 ) 

 Acquisition
 of business, net of cash acquired 

 (624 
 ) 

 - 

 - 

 Proceeds
 from disposal of property, plant and equipment 

 282 

 953 

 376 

 Proceeds
 from disposal of non-controlling interest 

 - 

 58 

 Investment
 in short term deposits with bank 

 (3,043 
 ) 

 - 

 Net
 cash used in investing activities 

 (52,042 
 ) 

 (62,753 
 ) 

 (57,711 
 ) 

 Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

 Proceeds
 from (payments against) lines of credit and other debt 

 118 

 (10,137 
 ) 

 18,609 

 Zakat
 paid 

 (2,020 
 ) 

 (995 
 ) 

 (939 
 ) 
 
 Loan
 processing fee paid 

 (2,247 
 ) 

 - 

 Interest
 paid on borrowings 

 (7,989 
 ) 

 (5,670 
 ) 

 (5,864 
 ) 
 
 Proceeds
 from stock options exercised 

 - 

 - 

 135 

 Dividend
 paid 

 (20,000 
 ) 

 - 

 Net
 cash used in financing activities 

 (32,138 
 ) 

 (16,802 
 ) 

 11,941 

 Effect
 of foreign exchange rates on cash 

 (45 
 ) 

 1,299 

 48 

 Increase
 (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

 (1,032 
 ) 

 640 

 (7,780 
 ) 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents at the beginning of year 

 25,534 

 24,894 

 32,674 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents at the end of year 
 
 $ 
 24,502 

 $ 
 25,534 

 $ 
 24,894 

 Supplemental
 disclosures of cash flow information: 

 Cash
 payments during the year for: 

 Interest 
 
 $ 
 7,989 

 $ 
 5,670 

 $ 
 5,864 

 Income
 taxes 
 
 $ 
 3,286 

 $ 
 10,266 

 $ 
 1,305 

 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 F- 24 

 NPS
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 1.
Business Overview 

 NPS
Holdings Limited ("NPS" or the "Company") was incorporated as a limited liability company under the Companies
Law of Dubai International Financial Centre in the United Arab Emirates ("UAE") on December 5, 2013 as OFS Holdings
Limited. The Company changed its name to NPS Holdings Limited on April 17, 2014. 

 The
Company acquired 100% of NPS Bahrain for Oil and Gas Wells Services W.L.L. ("NPS Bahrain"), an entity incorporated
in the Kingdom of Bahrain, during 2014. NPS is in the business of drilling oil and gas wells and providing technical services
for oil fields. 

 The
Company is a regional provider of products and services to the oil and gas industry in the Middle East, North Africa and Asia
Pacific regions. Revenues are primarily derived from services provided during the drilling, completion and production phases of
an oil or natural gas well. The Company operates in 12 countries with the majority of the revenues derived from operations in
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ("KSA" or "Saudi Arabia"), Algeria, Qatar, UAE and Iraq. 

 2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 Basis
of presentation and consolidation 

 The
accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America ("US GAAP"). The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of NPS and its consolidated subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts, profits and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation. Investments that are not wholly-owned, but where the Company exercises control, are fully consolidated with the
equity held by minority owners and their portion of net income (loss) reflected as noncontrolling interests in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases. The financial statements
of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using consistent accounting policies. 

 Use
of estimates and assumptions 

 The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Although these estimates are
based on management's best knowledge of current events and actions, actual results may ultimately differ from those estimates. 

 The
estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed regularly. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in
which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period or in the period of the revision and future periods if
the revision affects both current and future periods. 

 Cash
and cash equivalents 

 Cash
and cash equivalents consists of bank balances and cash on hand that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and have
a maturity of three months or less. 

 Accounts
receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts 

 Trade
accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount. No interest is charged on past-due balances. The Company grants credit
to customers based upon an evaluation of each customer's financial condition. The Company periodically monitors the payment
history and ongoing creditworthiness of customers. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses
inherent in its accounts receivable portfolio. In establishing the required allowances management considers historical losses
adjusted to take into account current market conditions and the customers' financial conditions, the amount of receivable
in dispute, current receivables ageing and current payment patterns. Significant individual accounts receivable balances and balances
which have been outstanding greater than 90 days are reviewed individually for collectability. 

 F- 25 

 Service
inventories 

 Inventories
are held for the purpose of service contracts and are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The cost of inventories
is based on the weighted average cost principle, and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the inventories. Net realizable
value is the estimated selling price less estimated costs of completion and selling expenses incurred in ordinary course of business. 

 The
Company determines reserves for inventory based on historical usage of inventory on-hand, assumptions about future demand and
market conditions, and estimates about potential alternative uses, which are limited. The Company's inventory consists of
spare parts, chemicals, and raw materials to support ongoing operations. 

 Property,
plant and equipment 

 Property,
plant and equipment is stated at cost. The cost of ordinary maintenance and repair is charged to operating expense, while replacement
of critical components and major improvements that extend the life of the related asset are capitalized. Capital work in progress
mainly represents costs incurred on drilling rigs and equipment which are in transit at the reporting date. No depreciation is
charged to purchase capital work in progress. Depreciation or amortization of property and equipment is calculated using the straight-line
method over the asset's estimated useful life as follows: 

 Buildings
 and leasehold Improvements 
 5
 to 25 years or the estimated lease period, whichever is shorter 

 Drilling
 rigs, plant and equipment 
 3
 to 15 years 

 Furniture
 and fixtures 
 5
 years 

 Office
 equipment and tools 
 3
 to 6 years 

 Vehicles
 and cranes 
 5
 to 8 years 

 Property,
plant and equipment is reviewed for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the
carrying value of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Indicative events or circumstances include, but are not limited
to, matters such as a significant decline in market value or a significant change in business climate ("triggering events").
An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying value of an asset exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows from
the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. 

 The
amount of impairment loss recognized is the excess of the asset's carrying value over its fair value. In determining the
fair market value of the assets, the Company considers market trends and recent transactions involving sales of similar assets,
or when not available, discounted cash flow analysis. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying value
or the fair value less cost to sell. Upon sale or other disposition of an asset, the Company recognizes a gain or loss on disposal
measured as the difference between the net carrying value of the asset and the net proceeds received. 

 Goodwill 

 Goodwill
is the excess cost of an acquired entity over the amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. 

 Goodwill
is evaluated for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if circumstances require. The Company performs a qualitative
assessment to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the applicable reporting unit is less than its
carrying amount. If the Company determines, as a result of its qualitative assessment, that it is not more-likely-than-not that
the fair value of the applicable reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, no further testing is required. If the Company
determines, as a result of its qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the applicable reporting
unit is less than its carrying amount, a goodwill impairment assessment is performed using a two-step, fair value-based test.
Under the first step, goodwill is reviewed for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the reporting unit's net assets
(including allocated goodwill) to the fair value of the reporting unit. The fair value of the reporting units is determined using
a discounted cash flow approach. Determining the fair value of a reporting unit requires judgment and the use of significant estimates
and assumptions. Such estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates, discount rates operating margins, weighted average
costs of capital, market share and future market conditions, among others. If the reporting unit's carrying value is greater
than its fair value, a second step is performed whereby the implied fair value of goodwill is estimated by allocating the fair
value of the reporting unit in a hypothetical purchase price allocation analysis. If the amount of goodwill resulting from this
hypothetical purchase price allocation is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit's goodwill, the recorded carrying
value of goodwill is written down to the implied fair value. 

 F- 26 

 Intangible
assets 

 The
Company's intangible assets with finite lives consist of customer contracts acquired in connection with the acquisition
of PT Tiger Energy Services ROI in 2017 and NPS Bahrain in 2014. The cost of intangible assets with finite lives is amortized
over the estimated period of economic benefit, ranging from 1 to 3years. Asset lives are adjusted whenever there is a change in
the estimated period of economic benefit. No residual value has been assigned to these intangible assets. 

 Intangible
assets with finite lives are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may
not be recoverable. These conditions may include a change in the extent or manner in which the asset is being used or a change
in future operations. The Company assesses the recoverability of the carrying amount by preparing estimates of future revenue,
margins, and cash flows. If the sum of expected future cash flows (undiscounted) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment
loss is recognized. The impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. Fair value
of these assets may be determined by a variety of methodologies, including discounted cash flow models. 

 Employee
benefits 

 Short-term
employee benefits. Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognized
for the amount expected to be paid if the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result
of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably. 

 Long-term
employee benefits. 

 The
Company provides defined benefit plan of severance pay to the eligible employees. The severance pay plan provides for a lump sum
payment to employees on separation (retirement, resignation, death while in employment or on termination of employment) of an
amount based upon the employees last drawn salary and length of service, subject to the completion of minimum service period (1-2
years) and taking into account the provisions of local applicable law or as per employee contract. The Company records annual
amounts relating to these long-term employee benefits based on calculations that incorporate various actuarial and other assumptions,
including discount rates, mortality, assumed rates of return, compensation increases and turnover rates. The Company reviews its
assumptions on an annual basis and makes modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends when it is appropriate
to do so. The effect of modifications to those assumptions is recorded in the statement of income. The Company believes that the
assumptions utilized in recording its obligations under its plans are reasonable based on its experience and market conditions.
The net periodic costs are recognized as employees render the services necessary to earn these benefits. 

 Commitments
and contingencies 

 The
Company accrues for costs relating to litigation claims and other contingent matters, including liquidated damage liabilities,
when such liabilities become probable and reasonably estimable. In circumstances where the most likely outcome of a contingency
can be reasonably estimated, the Company accrues a liability for that amount. Where the most likely outcome cannot be estimated,
a range of potential losses is established and if no one amount in that range is more likely than others, the low end of the range
is accrued. Such estimates may be based on advice from third parties or on management's judgment, as appropriate. Revisions
to contingent liabilities are reflected in income in the period in which different facts or information become known or circumstances
change that affect the Company's previous judgments with respect to the likelihood or amount of loss. Amounts paid upon
the ultimate resolution of contingent liabilities may be materially different from previous estimates and could require adjustments
to the estimated reserves to be recognized in the period such new information becomes known. 

 F- 27 

 Revenue
recognition 

 The
Company's revenues are generated principally from providing services and the related equipment. Revenues are recognized
when the services are rendered and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenues from services and equipment are based on fixed
or determinable priced purchase orders or contracts with the customer and do not include the right of return. Rates for services
and equipment are priced on a per day, per unit of measure, per man hour or similar basis. Sales taxes collected from customers
and remitted to governmental authorities are accounted for on a net basis and therefore are excluded from revenues in the consolidated
statements of income. Services performed but not billed at the end of the reporting period are classified as unbilled revenues.
The unbilled revenues for services performed are calculated based on the rates stated in the purchase orders or contracts with
the customers. The unbilled revenues are typically billed within one to six months depending on the nature of customer contract. 

 Income
taxes 

 The
Company is based in the Emirate of Dubai ("Dubai") in the UAE, where no federal taxation exists. Dubai has issued
decrees providing for a corporate income tax regime that would theoretically apply to all businesses established in the UAE. However,
in practice, these laws have not been applied. The Company has not paid or accounted for any payment of income taxes since its
inception. The Company is aware of the risk that the tax decrees may be more generally applied in Dubai in the future and of the
remote risk that they may be applied retrospectively. The Company has provided for income taxes based on the tax laws and rates
in effect in the foreign countries where the Company operates and earns income. The income taxes in these jurisdictions vary substantially. 

 The
Company recognizes the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the year. In addition, deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the financial statements or tax returns.
A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will not be realized. 

 In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion
or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets are dependent upon the
generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers
the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax-planning strategies in making this
assessment. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which
the deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits
of these deductible differences, net of the existing valuation allowances. 

 The
Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized
income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement.
The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to an underpayment of income taxes, where applicable, in its consolidated
statements of operations as a component of income tax expense. 

 Zakat 

 Zakat
is provided for Saudi Arabian subsidiaries in accordance with Saudi Arabian fiscal regulation. The provision is not charged through
consolidated statement of income but instead charged through equity. Zakat is an obligation attributed to the Company's
Saudi shareholders and is computed on the Saudi shareholders' share of equity or net income using the basis defined under
the Zakat regulations. 

 Stock-based
compensation arrangements 

 The
Company recognizes all employee stock-based compensation as a cost in the consolidated financial statements. Equity-classified
awards are measured at the grant date fair value of the award. The Company estimates grant date fair value using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model and estimates the number of forfeitures expected to occur. The Company's estimates may be impacted
by certain variables including, but not limited to, stock price volatility, employee stock option exercise behaviors, additional
stock option grants, estimates of forfeitures, the Company's performance, and related tax impacts. 

 F- 28 

 Functional
and presentation currency 

 These
consolidated financial statements are presented in US Dollars ("USD"), which is the functional currency of the Company.
The majority of the Company's sales are denominated in USD. Each subsidiary of NPS determines its own functional currency
and items included in the financial statements of each subsidiary are measured using that functional currency. These consolidated
financial statements are presented in USD, which in the opinion of management is the most appropriate presentation currency of
the Company in view of the Company. All financial information presented in USD is rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise
indicated. 

 Transactions
in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currency of the Company's subsidiaries at exchange rates
at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated to the functional
currency at the exchange rate as of the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value in
a foreign currency are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate when the fair value was determined. Foreign
currency differences are generally recognized in profit or loss. Non-monetary items that are measured based on historical cost
in a foreign currency are not translated. 

 The
assets and liabilities of entities whose functional currency is not the USD are translated into the USD at the exchange rate as
of the reporting date. The income and expenses of such entities are translated into the USD using average exchange rates for the
reporting period. Exchange differences on foreign currency translations are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). 

 Concentration
of credit risk 

 The
Company's assets that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and receivables from customers.
The Company places its cash with financial institutions and limits the amount of credit exposure with any one of them. The Company
regularly evaluates the creditworthiness of the issuers in which it invests. The Company minimizes this credit risk by entering
into transactions with high-quality counterparties, limiting the exposure to each counterparty and monitoring the financial condition
of its counterparties. 

 Earnings
per Common Share 

 Basic
earnings per common share considers the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share considers
the outstanding shares utilized in the basic earnings per share calculation as well as the dilutive effect of outstanding equity.
The dilutive effect of such equity awards is calculated based on the average share price for each reporting period using the treasury
stock method. Common stock equivalents are excluded from the computation of earnings per share if they have an anti-dilutive effect. 

 Recently
Issued Accounting Standards not yet adopted 

 In
May 2017, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2017-09 " Compensation-Stock: Compensation Scope Modification"
("ASU 2017-09") The amendments in this update provide guidance about which changes to the terms or conditions of a
share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. The amendments in this update are effective
for all entities for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company
does not expect the adoption of this standard to have an impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

 F- 29 

 In
March 2017, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update 2017-07, "Compensation - Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving
the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost" ("ASU 2017-07")
which amends the presentation of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost ("net benefit cost"). The service
cost component of net benefit cost will be bifurcated and presented with other employee compensation costs, while other components
of net benefit costs will be presented separately outside of income from operations. The standard is required to be applied on
a retrospective basis and will be for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within the annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact
on its consolidated financial statements. 

 In
January 2017, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2017-04 "Simplifying the Test for Goodwill" ("ASU
2017-04"). The update amends Accounting Standard Codification No. 350 Intangibles Goodwill and Other, provides guidance
that simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairment for all entities by requiring impairment charges to be based on the first
step in today's two-step impairment test under accounting topic 350. The amendments in this update will be applied prospectively
and is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed in periods beginning after December 15, 2021. The Company does
not expect the adoption of this standard to have an impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

 In
January 2017, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2017-01, "Clarifying the Definition of a Business". This
standard clarifies the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating whether
transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of asset or business. This Update is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and should
be applied prospectively. Early adoption is allowed for transactions that occurred before the issuance date or effective date
of the amendments only when the transaction has not been reported in the financial statements previously issued. The Company does
not expect the adoption of this standard to have an impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

 In
August 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2016-15 "Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments"
("ASU 2016-15"). This update amends Accounting Standard Codification Topic No. 230 "Statement of Cash Flows"
and provides guidance and clarification on presentation of certain cash flow issues. ASU No. 2016-15 will be effective for the
Company for its fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2018, and for interim periods within those fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2019. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on its consolidated financial
statements 

 In
June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2016-13, "Financial Instruments-Credit Losses: Measurement of
Credit Losses on Financial Instruments". The new standard amends the impairment model for trade receivables, net investments
in leases, debt securities, loans and certain other instruments to utilize an expected loss methodology in place of the currently
used incurred loss methodology. This pronouncement is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2020, including
interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021. Early adoption will be permitted for annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of the pronouncement and assessing the impact,
if any, on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

 In
March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2016-09 "Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting"
("ASU 2016-09"). This update requires that entities record all of the tax effects related to share-based payments
at settlement (or expiration) through the income statement. ASU 2016-09 will be effective for the Company for its fiscal year
beginning after December 15, 2017 and for interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company
currently does not have any open employee share-based payment plans. This will be evaluated if the Company issues a new Plan. 

 In
February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2016-02, "Leases" ("ASU 2016-02"), a new
standard on accounting for leases. This update increases transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease
assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently
evaluating the provisions of the pronouncement and assessing the impact, if any, on its consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures. 

 F- 30 

 In
November 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2015-17 "Balance
Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes" ("ASU 2015-17"). This update requires companies to classify all deferred
tax assets and liabilities as non-current on its consolidated financial position. The guidance will be effective for the Company
for its fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2017 and for interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15,
2018. Deferred taxes recorded by the Company currently are not material to the consolidated financial statements. Accordingly,
the Company does not believe that adoption of this Standard will have a significant impact on the financial statements. 

 In
May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" ("ASU
2014-09"), which outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue. This ASU supersedes
the revenue recognition requirements in FASB ASC Topic 605, "Revenue Recognition," and most industry-specific guidance.
This ASU sets forth a five-step model for determining when and how revenue is recognized. Under the model, an entity will be required
to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount reflecting the consideration it expects
to receive in exchange for those goods or services. 

 In
August 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2015-14, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" ("ASU
2015-14"), which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year and is effective for the Company's
fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods with annual reporting beginning after December 15, 2019. ASU
2015-14 permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. 

 In
March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2016-08, "Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue
Gross versus Net)". The amendment provides guidance on whether an entity is a principal or agent when providing services
to a customer along with another party. 

 The
Company is currently analyzing the effect of the standard across all of its revenue streams to evaluate the impact of the new
standard on revenue contracts and expects to complete its evaluation by third quarter of fiscal 2018. 

 3.
Acquisitions and Investments 

 Fiscal
2017 acquisition 

 In
June 2017, the Company acquired 100% share capital of PT Tiger Energy Services ROI ("PT Tiger") an entity incorporated
in Indonesia, for total cash consideration of $672 thousand. PT Tiger is a leading provider of wireline logging services to geothermal
companies with a part of its services extending to Oil & Gas. The acquisition provide the Company access to local infrastructure
and customer base as well as a track record of experience to facilitate growth in this new market 

 The
following table summarizes the determination of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed (in USD thousands): 

 Property,
 plant and equipment 
 706 
 
 Accounts
 receivable and other receivables 
 338 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents 
 48 
 
 Trade
 accounts payable and other payables 
 (97 ) 
 
 Employee
 benefit liability 
 (122 ) 
 
 Long
 term debt 
 (354 ) 
 
 Net
 tangible assets acquired 
 519 
 
 Customer
 contracts 
 29 
 
 Net
 assets acquired 
 548 
 
 Consideration
 transferred 
 672 
 
 Goodwill 
 124 

 F- 31 

 Goodwill
of $124 thousand consists largely of the synergies and economies of scale expected from combining the operations of NPS and PT
Tiger. All of the goodwill was assigned to NPS. None of the goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

 Fiscal
2016 Acquisition 

 In
June 2016, the Company acquired all the remaining outstanding shares of National Petroleum Services ("NPS Libya")
from Akam Petroleum Services for $1,527 thousand in cash, increasing its ownership from 50% to 100%. 

 Pursuant
to Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 810 - Consolidation, the increase in the Company's ownership
interest in NPS Libya from 50% to 100% is accounted for as an equity transaction. As a result, the carrying amounts of the controlling
and non-controlling interests were adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in NPS Libya. Any difference between
the fair value of the consideration transferred and the carrying amount of the non-controlling interest is recognized directly
in equity and attributed to the Company. The Company calculated the adjustment to recognize in equity for the difference between
the fair value and carrying amount of the non-controlling interest. The carrying amount of NPS Libya's net assets on the
date of acquisition was $208 thousand. As a result, the Company recognized a decrease in equity attributable to equity holders
of the Company. 

 (in
 USD thousands) 
 2016 

 Consideration
 transferred for acquisition of noncontrolling interest 
 (1,527 ) 
 
 Value
 of non-controlling interest 
 (208 ) 
 
 Adjustment
 to controlling interest 
 (1,735 ) 

 The
Company had no other acquisition activities during 2017 and 2016 either individually or in the aggregate. 

 4.
Accounts receivable&#9; 

 (in
 USD thousands) 

 2017 
 2016 

 Trade
 receivables 
 54,143 
 49,220 
 
 Others 
 8,137 
 7,722 
 
 Less:
 allowance for doubtful accounts 
 (4,106 ) 
 (3,772 ) 
 
 Total 
 58,174 
 53,170 

 Trade
receivables relate to sale of our services and products, for which credit is extended based on our evaluation of the customer's
creditworthiness. Allowance for doubtful accounts was $4,106 thousand, and $3,772 thousand, as of December 31, 2017, and 2016,
respectively. Movement in allowance for doubtful accounts is as follows (in USD thousands): 

 F- 32 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 

 Allowance
 for doubtful accounts at January 1 
 3,772 
 2,701 
 628 
 
 Add:
 additional allowance for the year 
 1,605 
 1,945 
 2,453 
 
 Less:
 bad debt expense 
 (1,271 ) 
 (874 ) 
 (380 ) 
 
 Allowance
 for doubtful accounts at December 31 
 4,106 
 3,772 
 2,701 

 The
Company operates in 12 countries and as such, its accounts receivable are spread over many countries and customers. Saudi Arabian
Oil Company ("Saudi Aramco"), owned by the government of Saudi Arabia, and Sonatrach, owned by the government of Algeria,
represented 38% (32% in 2016 ) and 25% (16% in 2016) of the Company's accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2017.
No other customer accounted for greater than 10% of the Company's accounts receivable balance. The Company maintains an
allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable based on expected collectability and performs ongoing credit evaluations of its
customers' financial condition. If the financial condition of its customers were to deteriorate resulting in an impairment
of their ability to make payments, adjustments to the allowance may be required. 

 5.
Service inventories 

 Service
inventories, consisted of the following at December 31, 2017 and 2016 (in USD thousands): 

 2017 
 2016 
 
 Spare
 parts 
 14,862 
 12,530 
 
 Chemicals 
 17,963 
 11,058 
 
 Raw
 materials 
 204 
 106 
 
 Others 
 237 
 815 
 
 Total 
 33,266 
 24,509 
 
 Less:
 allowance for obsolete and slow moving inventories 
 (953 ) 
 (314 ) 

 32,313 
 24,195 

 F- 33 

 6.
Property, Plant and Equipment 

 Property,
plant and equipment are presented at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and consist of the following (in USD thousands): 

 2017 
 2016 

 Buildings
 and leasehold Improvements 
 33,127 
 32,588 
 
 Drilling
 rigs, plant and equipment 
 409,462 
 370,278 
 
 Furniture
 and fixtures 
 2,871 
 2,623 
 
 Office
 equipment and tools 
 6,822 
 6,537 
 
 Vehicles
 and cranes 
 8,977 
 8,523 
 
 Less:
 Accumulated depreciation and impairment 
 (212,023 ) 
 (173,927 ) 
 
 Land 
 9,380 
 9,380 
 
 Capital
 work in progress 
 5,653 
 3,967 
 
 Total 
 264,269 
 259,969 

 Depreciation
expense recorded as cost of services was $37,801 thousand, $33,095 thousand, and $28,879 thousand as of December 31, 2017, 2016,
and 2015, respectively. Depreciation expense recorded as selling, general, and administrative expenses amount to $295 thousand,
$884 thousand, and $1,351 as of December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. 

 2016
annual impairment analysis 

 During
2016, the Company performed an impairment analysis for drilling rigs in KSA due to change in circumstances which was deemed to
be a triggering event and indicated that the carrying value of such rigs may not be recoverable. The extended period of idle time
and inability to get new contracts were indications that the rigs may be impaired. The Company lowered its expectations with respect
to future activity levels in the contract drilling businesses. For the purpose of impairment testing, the Company performed a
Step 1 analysis as required by ASC 360-10-35 to assess the recoverability of long-lived assets within its contract drilling operations.
With respect to these assets, future cash flows were estimated over the expected remaining life of the assets, and the Company
determined that the carrying values exceeded the expected undiscounted cash flows, of the long-lived assets within the contract
drilling operations. Step 2 of the impairment assessment required the Company to compare the carrying value to the fair value
of the rigs recognizing impairment for the excess of carrying value over fair value. Based on the analysis, the Company recorded
an impairment loss of $3,370 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

 2017
annual impairment analysis 

 During
2017, the Company performed a similar impairment analysis which did not result in any impairment loss being recorded as the expected
undiscounted cash flows was higher than the carrying value of the drilling rigs as at December 31, 2017. Included in the 2017
impairment analysis, are Company's drilling rigs located in Iraq where the Company has used expected probability of the
outcome of the contracts which are expected to be announced in 2018. An unfavorable outcome of these tenders may result in the
impairment of the drilling rigs located in Iraq. The carrying value of these drilling rigs at December 31, 2017 is $ 14,400 thousand. 

 7.
Intangible Assets 

 Intangible
assets consist of the following (in USD thousands): 

 2017 
 2016 

 Customer
 Contracts 
 Customer
 Contracts 
 
 Cost: 

 At
 the beginning of the year 
 58,741 
 58,741 
 
 Additions
 during the year 
 - 
 - 
 
 Acquisition
 through business combination 
 29 
 - 
 
 At
 31 December 
 58,770 
 58,741 

 Accumulated
 amortization 

 At
 the beginning of the year 
 58,448 
 40,039 
 
 Amortized
 during the year 
 312 
 18,409 
 
 At
 31 December 
 58,760 
 58,448 

 Net
 carrying amount at December 31 
 10 
 293 

 F- 34 

 As
a result of the 2014 acquisition of NPS Bahrain, the Company recorded intangible assets related to customer contracts of NPS Bahrain.
These intangible assets were recorded at fair value on the date of acquisition as intangible assets with finite lives and amortized
over the estimated period of economic benefit, ranging from 1 to 3 years. 

 As
a result of the 2017 acquisition of PT Tiger Energy Services ROI ("PT Tiger"), customer contracts of $29 thousand
were recorded at fair value on the date of acquisition with finite lives and will be amortized over the estimated period of economic
benefit ranging from 1 to 3 years. 

 Amortization
expense of $312 thousand, $18,409 thousand, and $22,232 thousand was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and
2015, respectively under depreciation and amortization expenses. Estimated amortization expense for 2018 is $10 thousand. 

 Intangible
assets impairment 

 The
Company concluded that no triggering events necessitating an impairment assessment of these contract intangibles had occurred
in 2017, and 2016. 

 8.
Goodwill 

 Goodwill
of $ 181,929 thousand was recognized in connection with the 2014 acquisition of NPS Bahrain and $ 124 thousand in connection with
2014 acquisition of PT Tiger Energy Services ROI in 2017. Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred
over the fair value of the net assets acquired. The goodwill is primarily attributable to expected synergies and the assembled
workforce, as well as intangible assets which do not qualify for separate recognition. The amount of goodwill that is deductible
for income tax purposes is not significant. 

 2017
& 2016 annual Goodwill impairment analysis 

 In
connection with its annual goodwill impairment assessment as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company determined based on an
assessment of qualitative factors that it was more likely than not that the fair values of the operations of NPS Bahrain were
greater than its carrying amount, no triggering events occurred, and further testing was not necessary. In making this determination,
the Company considered the demand experienced during 2017 for its businesses. The Company also considered the current and expected
levels of commodity prices for oil, which influence its overall level of business activity, as well as its operating results for
2017 and forecasted operating results for 2018. 

 F- 35 

 9.
Debt 

 Long-Term
Debt 

 Debt
consists of (in USD thousands): 

 December
 31, 

 2017 
 2016 

 $150,000
 thousand in senior notes under the Murabaha facility 
 150,000 
 150,000 
 
 Less:
 Unamortized debt issuance costs 
 2,976 
 929 
 
 Long-term
 debt, net unamortized debt issuance costs and excluding current installments 
 147,024 
 149,071 

 The
Company entered into a syndicated Murabaha facility ("the Facility") for $150 million which was fully drawn by the
Company on November 26, 2014. Murabaha is an Islamic financing structure where a set fee is charged rather than interest. This
type of loan is legal in Islamic countries as banks are not authorized to charge interest on loans, so banks charge a flat fee
for continuing daily operations of the bank in lieu of interest. 

 The
Facility of $150 million is from a syndicate of three commercial banks. The Facility is repayable in semi-annual instalments ranging
from $7.5 million to $30 million commencing from May 26, 2017 with the last instalment due on November 26, 2020. The Facility
carries a set fee which equals to the stated interest rate of six months LIBOR plus a fixed profit margin of 2.9% per annum. The
Facility is secured by pro-rated personal guarantees of two individual shareholders and letters of awareness executed by the corporate
shareholders as credit support for the Facility. 

 Costs
incurred to obtain financing are capitalized and amortized using the effective interest method and netted against the carrying
amount of the related borrowing. The amortization is recorded in interest expense on the consolidated statements of income / (loss)
and was $279 thousand, and $278 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

 The
Facility contains covenants which, among others, require that certain financial ratios be maintained, which include maintaining
a gearing ratio of 1.5:1. The gearing ratio is calculated as all the Company's debt divided by the Company's total
equity and debt. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016 the Company was in compliance with all its covenants. 

 On
May 28, 2017, the maturity of the Facility ("Amended Facility") was refinanced to extend the maturity of the agreement.
The Amended Facility is repayable in quarterly instalments ranging from $1.076 million to $57.852 million commencing from August
1, 2019 with the last instalment due on May 28, 2025. The Amended Facility carries a stated interest rate of three months LIBOR
plus a fixed profit margin of 3.25% per annum. The Amended Facility is secured by pro-rated personal guarantees of one individual
shareholder and letters of awareness executed by the corporate shareholders as credit support for the new Amended Facility. 

 The
Company entered in 

 As
noted above, the maturities schedule presented below has been adjusted for the subsequent amendment to the Facility agreement.
Scheduled principal payments of debt for years subsequent to 2016 are as follows (in USD thousands): 

 2018 
 0 
 
 2019 
 3,218 
 
 2020 
 7,496 
 
 2021 
 11,816 
 
 2022 
 19,313 
 
 Thereafter 
 108,157 

 $ 150,000 

 F- 36 

 Short-term
debt 

 At
December 31, 2017, and 2016, short term debt was $8,773 thousand, and $8,655 thousand, respectively. Short term debt represents
funded letters of credit at year end which are due to be settled within one year. 

 10.
Fair Value Accounting 

 Financial
instruments comprise of financial assets and financial liabilities. Financial assets consist of receivables, amounts due from
related parties, cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, unbilled and other receivables. Financial liabilities consist
of loans and borrowings, amount due to related parties, bank overdrafts, payables, and accrued expenses and due to related party. 

 The
various inputs used to measure assets at fair value establish a hierarchy that distinguishes between assumptions based on market
data (observable inputs) and the Company's assumptions (unobservable inputs). The hierarchy consists of three broad levels
as follows: 

 Level
 1: 
 Quoted
 market prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities: 

 Level
 2: 
 Quoted
 prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not
 active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market or can be
 corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and 

 Level
 3: 
 Unobservable
 inputs developed using the Company's estimates and assumptions, which reflect those that market participants would use. 

 The
carrying values of the Company's cash and cash equivalents, short term deposit, trade receivables and accounts payables,
as reflected in the consolidated balance sheets, approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these items. 

 The
estimated fair value of the Company's outstanding debt balances as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 is set forth below (in
USD thousands): 

 December
 31, 2017 
 December
 31, 2016 

 Carrying 
 Fair 
 Carrying 
 Fair 

 Value 
 Value 
 Value 
 Value 
 
 Borrowings
 under Credit Agreement: 

 Murabaha
 facility 
 $ 150,000 
 $ 150,000 
 $ 150,000 
 $ 150,000 
 
 Total
 debt 
 $ 150,000 
 $ 150,000 
 $ 150,000 
 $ 150,000 

 The
carrying value of the balance outstanding under the Facility approximates fair value as this instrument has a market interest
rate. 

 There
are no financial assets and liabilities that have been measured at fair values on recurring basis. 

 As
stated in Note 6, the Company has recorded an impairment loss of $3,370 thousand during the years ended December 31, 2016, by
reducing the carrying value of the rig to its fair value. The Company used discounted cash flows method to determine the fair
value of the rig. The key inputs included a discount rate of 14.95% (level 3, unobservable input) to the projected free cash flows
over the remaining useful life of the rig. 

 F- 37 

 11.
Employee benefits 

 The
following tables set out the funded status of the end-of-service indemnities employees receive under one of the five benefit structures
the Company and its subsidiaries offer to its employees and the amounts recognized in the Company's financial statements
in fiscal 2017 and 2016. The measurement date used is December 31 of the relevant fiscal year (in USD thousands). 

 As
 of December 31, 

 2017 
 2016 
 
 Change
 in benefit obligations 

 Benefit
 obligations at the beginning of the year 
 11,581 
 10,319 
 
 Actuarial
 (gain) / loss 
 811 
 736 
 
 Service
 cost 
 1,964 
 1,762 
 
 Interest
 cost 
 403 
 373 
 
 Benefits
 paid 
 (1,469 ) 
 (1,609 ) 
 
 Plan
 amendments 
 - 
 - 
 
 Benefit
 obligations at the end of the year 
 13,290 
 11,581 
 
 Current
 benefit obligation 
 2,552 
 2,218 
 
 Non-current
 benefit obligation 
 10,738 
 9,363 
 
 Benefit
 obligation at the end of the year 
 13,290 
 11,581 
 
 Change
 in plan assets 

 Fair
 value of plan assets at the beginning of the year 
 - 
 - 
 
 Employer
 contributions 
 1,469 
 1,313 
 
 Benefits
 paid 
 (1,469 ) 
 (1,313 ) 
 
 Plan
 assets at the end of the year 
 
 - 
 
 Unfunded
 status 
 (13,290 ) 
 (11,581 ) 

 Net
cost for fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015 comprises the following components (in USD thousands): 

 Year
 ended December 31, 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Service
 cost 
 1,964 
 1,762 
 2,219 
 
 Interest
 cost 
 403 
 373 
 349 
 
 Expected
 return on assets 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Actuarial
 (gain) / loss 
 811 
 736 
 178 
 
 Net
 cost 
 3,178 
 2,871 
 2,746 

 F- 38 

 The
weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 are set out below: 

 As
 of December 31, 

 2017 
 2016 
 
 Discount
 rate 
 3.25 % 
 3.25 % 
 
 Rate
 of increase in compensation levels: 
 3.00 % 
 3.00 % 

 The
weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 are set
out below: 

 As
 of December 31, 

 2017 
 2016 
 
 Discount
 rate 
 3.00 % 
 3.25 % 
 
 Rate
 of increase in compensation levels: 
 3.00 % 
 3.00 % 

 The
Company assesses these assumptions with its projected long-term plans of growth and prevalent industry standards. 

 The
Company has no regulatory requirement to fund these benefits in advance and intends to pay benefits directly as they fall due.
The Company has no trustee administrator investing in invest specifically designated instruments. As of December 31, 2017, the
Company has no plan assets to invest. 

 Accumulated
benefit obligation was $11,437 thousand and $10,105 thousand as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

 The
following reflect expected future service cost (in USD thousands): 

 Year
 ending December 31, 

 2018 
 2,778 
 
 2019 
 2,202 
 
 2020 
 2,060 
 
 2021 
 2,392 
 
 2022 
 1,882 
 
 Thereafter 
 7,979 

 The
expected benefits are based on the same assumptions used to measure the company's benefit obligations as of December 31,
2017. 

 12.
Commitments and Contingencies 

 Capital
expenditure commitments 

 The
Company was committed to incur capital expenditure of $26,197 thousand at December 31, 2017. These commitments are expected to
be settled during 2018. 

 F- 39 

 Operating
lease commitments 

 Future
minimum lease commitments under non-cancellable operating leases with initial or remaining terms of one year or more at December
31, are payable as follows (in USD thousands): 

 2018 
 5,532 
 
 2019 
 2,113 
 
 2020 
 273 
 
 2021 
 258 
 
 2022 
 120 
 
 Thereafter 
 - 

 $ 

 8,296 

 Rental
expense related to operating leases was $7,800 thousand, $4,100 thousand and $4,800 thousand in 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. 

 As
of December 31, 2017 and 2016 the Company has a liability of $4,472 thousand in the balance sheets included in the line item "Other
liabilities" reflecting various income tax and other liabilities associated with the 2014 acquisition of NPS Bahrain. These
amounts include $1,307 thousand pertaining to potential income tax liability as of December 31, 2017 and 2016. As of December
31, 2017 and 2016, the Company also has a corresponding indemnification asset of $4,472 thousand recorded in the balance sheets
included in the line item "Other assets," reflecting the estimated costs the Company expects the former owner of NPS
Bahrain to cover. In 2016, the Company paid $8,193 thousand, and was reimbursed by the former owner of NPS Bahrain, resulting
in a reduction of the indemnification asset and liability. No payment or reimbursement occurred during December 31, 2017. 

 In
the normal course of business with customers, vendors and others, the Company has entered into off-balance sheet arrangements,
such as surety bonds for performance, and other bank issued guarantees, which totaled $27,900 thousand and $26,700 thousand in
2017 and 2016, respectively. A liability is accrued when a loss is both probable and can be reasonably estimated. None of the
off-balance sheet arrangements either has, or is likely to have, a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

 Litigations 

 The
Company is involved in certain legal cases in the normal course of business, the outcome of which is currently, subject to uncertainties
and therefore the probability of a loss, if any, being sustained and an estimate of the amount of any loss are difficult to ascertain.
Consequently, it is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the expected financial effect, if any, that will result from
ultimate resolution of these disputes. The Company is contesting these claims and disputes, and the Company's management
believes that presently a provision against these potential claims is not required as the ultimate outcome of these disputes would
not have a material impact on the Company's financial position. 

 F- 40 

 13.
Stockholders' Equity 

 Common
shares 

 The
Company has authorized 370,000,000 shares of $1 par value. The Company's issued and outstanding shares were 342,250,000
shares and 342,250,000 shares as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The Board of Directors in their meeting held on
10 July 2017 declared dividends of $20,000 thousand to shareholders of the Company (2016: nil). 

 Convertible
shares 

 As
part of the Company's acquisition of NPS Bahrain in 2014, the Company issued 37,000,000 convertible shares to two of NPS
Bahrain's shareholders Mr. Abdulaziz Mubarak Al-Dolaimi and Mr. Fahad Abdulla Bindekhayel (selling shareholders) aggregating
to 18,500,000 convertible shares each. These shares were issued to provide security against certain tax and related indemnities
given by the selling shareholders (see note 12) at the time of acquisition of NPS Bahrain. The convertible shares have the same
rights and rank pari passu with the ordinary shares including the right to participate in any dividend declared for ordinary shares
and are valued at $1 per share. 

 Under
the terms of the convertible shares, in the event any indemnity claims are settled by the selling shareholders by providing cash
to the Company, an equivalent amount of convertible shares would be converted into common shares. However, in the event the indemnity
claims are not settled by the selling shareholders, an equivalent amount of convertible shares will be cancelled by the Company.
These convertible shares are equity classified because the conversion to equity shares or the cancellation of the same is at the
option of the Company. At the end of the June 2019, unless all indemnity claims are settled to the satisfaction of the Company,
half of the convertible shares convert into common shares and the balance on extinguishment of contingencies. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2016, 9,250,000 redeemable convertible shares were converted into ordinary shares of the Company,
when the selling shareholders fulfilled their obligation to repay the amount incurred by the Company upon settlement of the contingency.
There were no conversion of shares of the Company during 2017. 

 14.
Share-based compensation 

 Options 

 In
2015, as a part of a Long Term Incentive Plan, the Company granted 10 million vested options (co investment shares) to
all its employees. The details of the plan are as under: 

 - 
 The
 employees were required to exercise the option between the periods of November 30, 2015 to December 21, 2015 (first subscription
 period) or July 1, 2016 to July 31, 2016 (second subscription period); 

 - 
 Options
 not exercised until July 31, 2016 (as mentioned above) would lapse; 

 - 
 Exercise
 price of $1 per co-investment share; 

 - 
 The
 co-investment shares rank pari passu with common shares including rights for dividend distribution, voting etc.; and 

 - 
 The
 shares would have a lock in period of two years from the date of purchase. 

 The
grant date fair value of these options was estimated to be $0.215 per option based on a grant date fair value of $1 per co-investment
share and an exercise price of $1. Accordingly, the Company recognized $1,722 thousand of expense in selling, general and administrative
for the options for the year ended December 31 2015. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2015, 135,000 options to purchase co-investment shares were exercised. The remaining 9,865,000 options
expired in 2016 since they were not exercised. 

 F- 41 

 The
following summary presents information regarding outstanding options for co-investment shares: 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 

 Number
 of Options 
 Weighted
 average exercise price 
 Weighted
 average contractual term 
 Number
 of Options 
 Weighted
 average exercise price 
 Weighted
 average contractual term 
 Number
 of Options 
 Weighted
 average exercise price 
 Weighted
 average contractual term 
 
 Shares
 under option at beginning of year 
 - 
 - 
 
 9,865,000 
 $ 

 1.00 
 0.88
 years 

 Granted 

 10,000,000 
 $ 1.00 
 0.88
 years 
 
 Expired 

 9,865,000 
 $ 

 1.00 
 0.88
 years 

 Exercised 

 135,000 

 Shares
 under option at end of year 
 - 
 - 

 9,865,000 
 $ 1.00 

 Exercisable
 at end of year 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 9,865,000 
 $ 1.00 
 0.88
 years 

 Since
the Company's shares are not publicly traded and its shares are rarely traded privately, expected volatility is estimated
based on the average historical volatility of similar entities within publicly traded shares and the expected term is based on
management's best estimates. The risk-free rate for the expected term of the option is based on 2.2% at the date of the
grant. 

 The
grant date fair value of the award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The weighted
average assumptions for the grants are provided in the following table. 

 2015 
 
 Expected
 Dividend yield 
 - % 
 
 Expected
 Volatility 
 55 % 
 
 Expected
 Term 
 0.88
 years 
 
 Risk
 free interest rate 
 2.2 % 

 Since
all co-investment options matured on day 1 there are no unvested options. 

 F- 42 

 Retention
shares 

 Following
the acquisition of NPS Bahrain in April 2014, certain employees of the Company were granted 1,487,500 retention shares with a
vesting date of July 2015 (743,750 shares) and July 2016 (743,750 shares), under the NPS Executive Incentive Plan. The retention
shares vest in two equal annual installments, and the holder has the right to sell the retention shares in case of an IPO or upon
change of control. 

 The
retention shares represent a contractual right to receive a payment in an amount equal to the fair value of one share of the Company,
and entitle the holder to dividend rights in proportion to the equity interest in the total equity of the Company. No cash payment
from the holder are required at the vesting dates nor upon exercise. As the retention shares rank pari passu with the ordinary
shares in terms of the economic benefits accruing to the holder of both equity instruments, the grant date fair value of the retention
shares was estimated to be the implied fair value of each ordinary share in the Company. 

 In
2014, the implied fair value of the Company, resulting from the transactions through which NPS Holdings Limited acquired NPS Bahrain,
was used to determine a fair value of $1 per ordinary share. The total grant date fair value of retention shares amounted to $1,487,500.
The Company has recognized an expense of $0, $742,726 and $371,863 related to these retention shares as of December 31, 2017,
2016, and 2015, respectively. As of December 31, 2016, all retention shares granted have been exercised. 

 The
following summarizes the activity related to the retention shares issued: 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 

 Weighted- 
 
 Weighted- 
 
 Weighted- 

 Retention 
 Average 
 
 Average 
 
 Average 

 Grant
 Date 
 Retention 
 Grant
 Date 
 Retention 
 Grant
 Date 

 Shares 
 Fair
 Value 
 Shares 
 Fair
 Value 
 Shares 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 Non-vested
 at beginning of year 

 743,750 
 $ 743,750 
 1,487,500 
 $ 1,487,500 
 
 Granted 

 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vested 

 743,750 
 743,750 
 743,750 
 743,750 
 
 Cancelled/Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

 Non-vested
 at end of year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 743,750 
 $ 743,750 

 F- 43 

 15.
Income Taxes 

 The
Company operates in 12 countries, where statutory tax rates generally vary from 0% to 35%. The domestic and foreign components
of income (loss) before income taxes were as follows (in USD thousands): 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Domestic
 (United Arab Emirates) 
 
 - 

 Foreign 
 33,328 
 10,998 
 6,983 

 Total 
 33,328 
 10,998 
 6,983 

 The
components of the income taxes consisted of (in USD thousands): 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Current: 

 Domestic 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign 
 3,988 
 2,965 
 1,318 
 
 Total
 current tax expense 
 3,988 
 2,965 
 1,318 

 Deferred: 

 Domestic 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign 
 598 
 (317 ) 
 552 

 Total
 deferred tax expense / (benefit) 
 598 
 (317 ) 
 552 

 Total
 income tax expense 
 4,586 
 2,648 
 1,870 

 Deferred
taxes have been recognized for temporary differences that will result in taxes payable or receivable in future years. The components
of net deferred tax liability / (asset) are as follows (in USD thousands): 

 2017 
 2016 
 
 Current: 

 Non-current: 

 Property
 and Equipment 
 1,922 
 1,324 
 
 Net
 operating losses 
 (750 ) 
 (750 ) 
 
 Valuation
 allowance 
 750 
 750 

 Total
 deferred tax liability (asset) 
 1,922 
 1,324 

 The
above deferred tax asset and valuation allowance is for net operating losses carry forward amounting to $3,752 million for the
year ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. These balances will expire over the period 2018 to 2020. 

 In
general, it is the practice and intention of the Company to reinvest the earnings of its non-Dubai subsidiaries in those operations.
Generally, such amounts do not become subject to taxation upon the remittance of dividends as the Company is based in the Emirate
of Dubai ("Dubai") in the UAE, where no federal taxation exists. 

 F- 44 

 Change
in net deferred tax liability (asset) was as follows (in USD thousands): 

 2017 
 2016 

 Beginning
 Balance 
 1,324 
 1,640 
 
 Deferred
 tax expense (benefit) recognized in profit or loss 
 598 
 (317 ) 
 
 Other,
 net 
 
 1 
 
 Deferred
 Tax Liability (Asset) 
 1,922 
 1,324 

 Change
in income taxes payable was as follows (in USD thousands): 

 2017 
 2016 

 Beginning
 Balance 
 5,479 
 4,587 
 
 Current
 tax expense 
 3,988 
 2,965 
 
 Paid
 during the year 
 (3,286 ) 
 (2,073 ) 
 
 Income
 taxes payable 
 6,181 
 5,479 
 
 Disclosed
 as: 

 Current 
 2,651 
 3,083 
 
 Non-current 
 3,530 
 2,396 

 Unrecognized
tax benefits 

 Tax
positions are evaluated in a two-step process. The Company first determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position
will be sustained upon examination based on technical merits. If a tax position meets the more-likely-than not recognition threshold
it is then measured to determine the amount of benefits to recognize in the financial statements. The tax position is measured
at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement. The Company classifies
unrecognized tax benefits that are not expected to result in a payment within one year as non-current liabilities in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. 

 The
following is a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits (in USD thousands): 

 2017 
 2016 

 Beginning
 balance 
 3,703 
 10,753 
 
 Gross
 increases -- tax positions in current period 
 1,134 
 1,143 
 
 Gross
 decreases -- settlement 
 - 
 (8,193 ) 

 Ending
 unrecognized tax benefits 
 4,837 
 3,703 

 The
Company classifies interest relating to an underpayment of taxes within Taxes on income (loss) in the Consolidated Statement of
Income. 

 All
of the unrecognized tax benefits as of 31 December 2017 and 2016 would favorably affect the annual effective tax rate, if recognized
in future periods. The Company recognized $165 thousand, $85, and $0 of interest and penalties for the year ended and as of December
31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 related to an underpayment of income taxes, where applicable, in its consolidated statements of income
/ (loss) as a component of income tax expense and consolidated statement of balance as a component of income taxes payable. The
Company has accrued $250 thousand of interest as of the balance sheet date December 31, 2017. The Company does not anticipate
the amount of the unrecognized tax benefits will change significantly over the next twelve months. 

 The
Company is subject to taxation in various jurisdictions. The significant jurisdictions in which the Company's income tax
returns remain open to examination for tax years 2011 to 2017 are KSA, Qatar and Algeria. KSA and Qatar are currently under GCC
status and are not liable to income taxes but Zakat tax. 

 F- 45 

 Income
tax rate reconciliation 

 The
difference between the effective tax rate reflected in the provision for income taxes and the United Arab Emirates statutory rate
of nil was as follows (in USD thousands): 

 Years
 Ended December 31, 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 

 Income
 tax expense at statutory tax rates 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign
 tax rate differential 
 5,329 
 2,974 
 3,126 
 
 Non-deductible
 expenses 
 110 
 83 
 429 
 
 Effect
 of tax exemption 
 (1,189 ) 
 (421 ) 
 - 
 
 Allocation
 of head office / corporate costs, net of unrecognized tax benefit 
 161 
 (174 ) 
 18 
 
 Gross
 decrease in unrecognized tax benefit in KSA 
 - 
 - 
 (1,481 ) 
 
 Valuation
 allowance for deferred tax assets 
 - 
 135 
 (12 ) 

 Others 
 175 
 51 
 (210 ) 
 
 Total
 income tax expense 
 4,586 
 2,648 
 1,870 

 The
foreign tax rate differential relates to differences between the income tax rates in effect in the foreign countries in which
the Company operates, which can vary substantially, and the Company's statutory tax rate of zero. 

 16.
Reportable segments 

 Operating
segments are components of an enterprise where separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the
chief operating decision maker, or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance.
The Company reports segment information based on the "management" approach and its chief operating decision maker
is its Chief Executive Officer. 

 The
Company's services are similar to one another in that they consist of oilfield services and related offerings, whose customers
are oil and gas companies. The results of operations of the service offerings are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision
maker for the Company as a whole for the purposes of determining resource and asset allocation and assessing performance. Hence,
the Company has determined that it has one single reportable segment. 

 In
accordance with FASB ASC 280 Segment Reporting, geographical information on revenues and long-lived assets of the operations
of the Company are disclosed below (in USD thousands): 

 Country 
 Revenues
 for the year ended December 31, 
 Long-lived
 assets for the year ended December 31, 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 
 2017 
 2016 
 
 Saudi
 Arabia 
 122,228 
 114,370 
 106,151 
 112,699 
 108,537 
 
 Qatar 
 41,007 
 27,196 
 27,182 
 25,325 
 24,533 
 
 Algeria 
 40,757 
 29,940 
 17,289 
 47,153 
 37,083 
 
 UAE 
 20,042 
 25,628 
 27,662 
 21,770 
 28,963 
 
 Iraq 
 38,310 
 12,348 
 7,281 
 46,670 
 39,978 
 
 Other
 foreign countries 
 8,980 
 14,633 
 18,150 
 10,652 
 20,875 
 
 Total 
 271,324 
 224,115 
 203,715 
 264,269 
 259,969 

 Geographical
information on revenue is collated based on individual customers invoiced and is collated based on the physical location of the
assets. The Company is domiciled in UAE. 

 Significant
clients: 

 Revenues
from four customers of the Company individually accounted for 45%, 13%, 10% and 9% of the company's consolidated revenues
in the year ended December 31, 2017. These same customers individually accounted 53%, 10%, 10% and 12% of the company's
consolidated revenues in the year ended December 31, 2016 and 47%, 13%, 9% and 8% of the company's consolidated revenues
in the year ended December 31, 2015. 

 F- 46 

 17.
Related party transactions 

 The
Company regularly provides Mr. Abdulaziz Mubarak Al-Dolaimi, a 2.5% shareholder as of December 31, 2017, with interest free short-term
advances, payable at the discretion of Mr. Al-Dolaimi. 

 During
2016, the Company acquired the non-controlling interest in NPS Libya from Akam Petroleum Services for $1,527 thousand in cash
(see note 3). 

 The
transactions with related parties are made at mutually agreed terms. Outstanding balances are unsecured, interest free and settlement
occurs in cash. For the year ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company has not recorded any impairment of receivables
relating to amounts owed by the related parties. This assessment is undertaken each financial year through examining the financial
position of the related party and the market in which the related party operates. 

 The
following are the details of significant related party transactions during the year (in USD thousands): 

 Related
 party 
 Nature
 of transaction 
 Amount
 of transaction 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Shareholder 

 Abdulaziz
 Mubarak Al- Dolaimi 
 Funds
 received on behalf of shareholder 
 25 
 - 
 - 

 Expense
 incurred on behalf of related parties 
 - 
 112 
 915 

 Sale
 of property, plant and equipment 
 - 
 - 
 23 

 Short
 term advance given 
 - 
 - 
 7,361 

 Short
 term advance repaid (with interest) 
 - 
 (7,562 ) 
 - 

 Interest
 charged on short term advances 
 - 
 19 
 182 

 Receipts
 from related party 
 (1,200 ) 
 (2,748 ) 
 (3,027 

 ) 
 
 Joint
 venture 

 Akam
 Petroleum Services 
 Consideration
 for acquisition of non-controlling interest in a subsidiary 
 - 
 1,527 
 - 

 Receipts
 from related party 
 - 
 (2,616 ) 
 (193 ) 

 The
following is a summary of balances with related parties as at December 31 (in USD thousands): 

 Amounts
 due from/(payable to related parties 
 2017 
 2016 
 2015 

 Abdulaziz
 Mubarak Al-Dolaimi 
 (25 ) 
 1,200 
 11,379 

 F- 47 

 18.
Earnings per Common Share 

 Basic
earnings per common share considers the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share considers
the outstanding shares utilized in the basic earnings per share calculation as well as the dilutive effect of outstanding equity.
Common stock equivalents are excluded from the computation of earnings per share if they have an anti-dilutive effect. 

 Year
 ended December 31, 

 (in
 USD thousands, except per share data ) 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Earnings
 per common share 

 Net
 income attributable to common stockholders 
 $ 30,626 
 $ 8,543 
 $ 5,187 
 
 Undistributed
 earnings allocated to participating securities (1) 
 (39 ) 
 (176 ) 
 (66 ) 
 
 Net
 income allocated to common stockholders 
 $ 30,587 
 $ 8,367 
 $ 5,121 
 
 Average
 common shares issued and outstanding 
 342,250,000 
 340,932,192 
 333,000,000 
 
 Earnings
 per common share 
 $ 0.09 
 $ 0.02 
 $ 0.02 

 Diluted
 earnings per common share 

 Net
 income attributable to common stockholders 
 $ 30,626 
 $ 8,543 
 $ 5,187 
 
 Undistributed
 earnings allocated to participating securities (1) 
 (36 ) 
 (163 ) 
 (60 ) 
 
 Net
 income allocated to common stockholders 
 $ 30,590 
 $ 8,380 
 $ 5,127 
 
 Average
 common shares issued and outstanding 
 342,250,000 
 340,932,192 
 333,000,000 
 
 Dilutive
 potential common shares 
 27,750,000 
 27,750,000 
 37,000,000 
 
 Total
 diluted average common shares issued and outstanding 
 370,000,000 
 368,682,192 
 370,000,000 
 
 Diluted
 earnings per common share 
 $ 0.08 
 $ 0.02 
 $ 0.01 

 (1)
The Company's granted retention shares and the co-investment shares which rank pari passu with the ordinary shares in terms
of the economic benefits accruing to the holder of the instruments. The undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities
is calculated based on the weighted average outstanding retention shares and co-investment shares with dividends participation
rights. $20,000 thousand were declared or issued during the year ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

 19.
Business acquisition and Subsequent Events 

 The
Company evaluates subsequent events and transactions that occur after the balance sheet date up to the date that the consolidated
financial statements are issued. Other than as described below, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would
have required adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements. 

 On
November 12, 2017, the Company entered into definitive agreement with National Energy Services Reunited Corp. ("NESR")
to effect a merger pursuant to which the Company will become a wholly-owned legal subsidiary of NESR. NESR will acquire the Company
in two separate closings, in exchange for cash consideration of $443,000 thousand and the issuance of 11,318,827 NESR ordinary
shares, valued at $10.00 per share. Potential earn-out mechanisms enable the Company's shareholders to receive additional
consideration after the NESR Closing Date, based on the financial results of the Company in 2018. NESR is subject to certain penalties
for delays in receiving shareholder approval to complete the transaction. The transaction is subject to NESR's stockholder
approval and other customary closing conditions. 

 F- 48 

 Independent
Auditors' Report 

 The
Board of Directors 
 Gulf Energy Company SAOC: 

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Gulf Energy Company SAOC, which comprise the consolidated statements
of financial position as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of profit and loss and other comprehensive
income, changes in equity, and cash flows for the three years ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

 Management's
Responsibility for the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 

 Management
is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; this includes the design, implementation,
and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 

 Auditors'
Responsibility 

 Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits
in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material
misstatement. 

 An
audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditors' judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor
considers internal control relevant to the entity's preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements
in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating
the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. 

 We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 

 Opinion 

 In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of Gulf Energy Company SAOC as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 and their consolidated financial performance
and their consolidated cash flows for the three years ended December 31, 2017 in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 

 /s/
KPMG 

 Mumbai,
India 

 April
2, 2018 

 F- 49 

 GULF
ENERGY COMPANY SAOC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
 as of December 31 

 2017 

 2016 

 Notes 

 RO 

 RO 

 ASSETS 

 Non-current
 assets 

 Property,
 plant and equipment 

 4 

 40,156,365 

 45,196,664 

 Intangible
 assets and Goodwill 

 5 

 10,442 

 37,242 

 Capital
 work in progress 

 8 

 619,740 

 1,580,580 

 Deferred
 tax asset 

 21 

 171,379 

 - 

 Investments
 in joint venture and associate 

 6 

 1,618,160 

 1,239,828 

 Trade
 receivables, non-current 

 9 

 - 

 92,732 

 Amounts
 due from related parties 

 22 

 - 

 10,194,756 

 Total
 non-current assets 

 42,576,086 

 58,341,802 

 Current
 assets 

 Inventories 

 7 

 10,934,286 

 11,435,407 

 Trade
 and other receivables 

 9 

 32,883,898 

 49,002,152 

 Amounts
 due from related parties 

 22 

 421,948 

 9,407,524 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents 

 10 

 2,597,832 

 2,109,330 

 Total
 current assets 

 46,837,964 

 71,954,413 

 Total
 assets 

 89,414,050 

 130,296,215 

 EQUITY: 

 Share
 capital 

 15 

 500,000 

 500,000 

 Legal
 reserve 

 15 

 852,043 

 827,043 

 Retained
 earnings 

 28,940,235 

 51,352,239 

 Shareholder's
 contribution 

 15 

 10,235,089 

 4,057,390 

 Equity
 attributable to the Shareholders of the Company 

 40,527,367 

 56,736,672 

 Non-controlling
 interest 

 25 

 2,109,780 

 10,548,407 

 Total
 equity 

 42,637,147 

 67,285,079 

 LIABILITIES: 

 Non-current
 liabilities 

 Subordinated
 loans from related parties 

 22 

 171,000 

 1,673,160 

 Loans
 and borrowings 

 11 

 917,061 

 13,905,559 

 Finance
 lease liabilities 

 12 

 16,952 

 87,992 

 End
 of service benefits 

 13 

 604,385 

 525,740 

 Deferred
 tax liabilities 

 21 

 - 

 266,564 

 Amounts
 due to related parties 

 22 

 - 

 400,000 

 Total
 non-current liabilities 

 1,709,398 

 16,859,015 

 Current
 liabilities 

 Short
 term bank borrowings 

 11 

 2,451,380 

 3,809,360 

 Loans
 and borrowings 

 11 

 17,878,738 

 8,405,632 

 Finance
 lease liabilities 

 12 

 72,837 

 96,822 

 Trade
 and other payables 

 14 

 18,428,579 

 27,957,240 

 Amounts
 due to related parties 

 22 

 2,933,140 

 3,069,422 

 Income
 tax payable 

 21 

 3,302,831 

 2,813,645 

 Total
 current liabilities 

 45,067,505 

 46,152,121 

 Total
 liabilities 

 46,776,903 

 63,011,136 

 Total
 equity and liabilities 

 89,414,050 

 130,296,215 

 The
accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 F- 50 

 GULF
ENERGY COMPANY SAOC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS AND 
 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 for the year ended December 31 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 

 Notes 
 RO 
 RO 
 RO 
 
 Revenue 
 16 
 71,733,523 
 79,601,144 
 81,283,894 
 
 Direct
 costs 
 17 
 (20,901,708 ) 
 (26,585,671 ) 
 (28,893,577 ) 
 
 Staff
 costs 
 18 
 (19,869,243 ) 
 (19,897,718 ) 
 (20,993,730 ) 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 
 4,5&19 
 (8,545,564 ) 
 (9,959,269 ) 
 (9,216,848 ) 
 
 Gross
 profit 
 
 22,417,008 
 23,158,486 
 22,179,739 
 
 Administrative
 and general expense 
 19 
 (6,721,974 ) 
 (8,070,951 ) 
 (7,545,108 ) 
 
 Impairment
 of intangible assets 
 5 
 - 
 (803,727 ) 
 - 
 
 Finance
 cost 
 20 
 (1,487,436 ) 
 (1,465,787 ) 
 (1,691,607 ) 
 
 Finance
 income 
 
 619,261 
 550,476 
 306,925 
 
 Other
 income 
 26 
 1,621,333 
 1,232,743 
 903,930 
 
 Share
 of profit/ (loss) of equity-accounted investee, net of tax 
 6 
 378,332 
 (76,179 ) 
 (174,057 ) 
 
 Profit
 before taxation 
 
 16,826,524 
 14,525,061 
 13,979,822 
 
 Income
 tax expense 
 21 
 (2,820,955 ) 
 (2,214,302 ) 
 (1,882,372 ) 
 
 Net
 profit and total comprehensive income for the year 
 
 14,005,569 
 12,310,759 
 12,097,450 

 Net
 profit and total comprehensive income attributable to: 

 Shareholders
 of the Company 
 
 12,347,996 
 10,387,869 
 10,420,334 
 
 Non-controlling
 interest 
 25 
 1,657,573 
 1,922,890 
 1,677,116 
 
 Net
 profit and total comprehensive income for the year 
 
 14,005,569 
 12,310,759 
 12,097,450 

 The
accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 F- 51 

 GULF
ENERGY COMPANY SAOC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 for the year ended December 31 

 2017 

 2016 

 2015 

 RO 

 RO 

 RO 

 Profit
 before tax 

 16,826,524 

 14,525,061 

 13,979,822 

 Adjustments
 for: 

 Depreciation
 and amortization 

 9,008,869 

 10,430,533 

 9,596,438 

 Impairment
 of intangible assets 

 - 

 803,727 

 - 

 Interest
 expense net 

 868,175 

 915,311 

 1,384,680 

 End
 of service benefits 

 140,121 

 153,310 

 91,281 

 Share
 of (profit)/loss of equity-accounted investee, net of tax 

 (378,332 
 ) 

 76,179 

 174,057 

 (Profit)/
 loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 

 (1,071,457 
 ) 

 119,971 

 (399,586 
 ) 
 
 Provision
 for old and slow moving inventory 

 - 

 337,533 

 519,181 

 Provision
 for doubtful debts 

 - 

 513,171 

 45,682 

 Changes
 in working capital 

 Inventories 

 501,121 

 (1,157,057 
 ) 

 (2,338,126 
 ) 
 
 Trade
 and other receivables 

 (5,924,979 
 ) 

 (7,338,644 
 ) 

 (5,219,554 
 ) 
 
 Trade
 and other payables 

 (9,754,602 
 ) 

 (2,336,154 
 ) 

 1,945,905 

 Cash
 generated from operating activities 

 10,215,440 

 17,042,940 

 19,779,781 

 End
 of service benefits paid 

 (61,476 
 ) 

 (55,627 
 ) 

 (102,018 
 ) 
 
 Interest
 paid 

 (868,175 
 ) 

 (915,311 
 ) 

 (1,384,680 
 ) 
 
 Taxes
 paid 

 (2,769,711 
 ) 

 (1,982,720 
 ) 

 (1,283,930 
 ) 
 
 Net
 cash generated from operating activities 

 6,516,078 

 14,089,282 

 17,009,152 

 Investing
 activities: 

 Purchase
 of property, plant and equipment (including CWIP) 

 (3,686,111 
 ) 

 (5,035,137 
 ) 

 (16,228,632 
 ) 
 
 Proceeds
 from sale of property, plant and equipment 

 1,810,165 

 891,405 

 603,522 

 Acquisition
 of non-controlling interests 

 (3,746,239
 
 ) 

 - 

 - 

 Payment
 for acquisition of subordinated loan 

 (1,502,160 
 ) 

 - 

 - 
 
 Acquisition
 of a subsidiary 

 6,907 

 - 

 - 

 Net
 cash used in investing activities 

 (7,117,438 
 ) 

 (4,143,732 
 ) 

 (15,625,110 
 ) 
 
 Financing
 activities: 

 Repayment
 of finance lease liabilities 

 (95,025 
 ) 

 (100,183 
 ) 

 (115,046 
 ) 
 
 Repayment
 of related parties balances 

 6,058,259 

 (5,730,140 
 ) 

 (3,745,273 
 ) 
 
 Repayment
 of borrowings 

 (10,558,900 
 ) 

 (12,922,590 
 ) 

 (26,730,246 
 ) 
 
 Bank
 borrowings availed during the year 

 7,043,508 

 7,884,075 

 32,168,207 

 Net
 movement in short term bank borrowings 

 780,200 

 (927,432 
 ) 

 (1,596,553 
 ) 
 
 Net
 cash used in financing activities 

 3,228,042 

 (11,796,270 
 ) 

 (18,910 
 ) 
 
 Net
 change in cash and cash equivalents 

 2,626,682 

 (1,850,720 
 ) 

 1,365,132 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 

 (124,030 
 ) 

 1,726,690 

 361,558 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents at the end of the year 

 2,502,652 

 (124,030 
 ) 

 1,726,690 

 The
accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 F- 52 

 GULF
ENERGY COMPANY SAOC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 as of December 31 

 Share
 capital RO 
 Legal
 reserve RO 
 Retained
 earnings RO 
 Shareholder's
 contribution RO 
 Total
 equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company 
 RO 
 Non- 
 controlling interest RO 
 Total 
 RO 

 January
 1, 2017 
 500,000 
 827,043 
 51,352,239 
 4,057,390 
 56,736,672 
 10,548,407 
 67,285,079 
 
 Net
 profit and total comprehensive income for the year 
 - 
 - 
 12,347,996 
 - 
 12,347,996 
 1,657,573 
 14,005,569 
 
 Transfer
 to legal reserve 
 - 
 25,000 
 (25,000 ) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dividend 
 - 
 - 
 (34,735,000 ) 
 - 
 (34,735,000 ) 
 (172,263 ) 
 (34,907,263 ) 
 
 Acquisition
 of non-controlling interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,177,699 
 6,177,699 
 (9,923,937 ) 
 (3,746,238 ) 
 
 December
 31, 2017 
 500,000 
 852,043 
 28,940,235 
 10,235,089 
 40,527,367 
 2,109,780 
 42,637,147 
 
 January
 1, 2016 
 500,000 
 740,170 
 41,051,244 
 4,057,390 
 46,348,803 
 8,625,517 
 54,974,321 
 
 Net
 profit and total comprehensive income for the year 
 - 
 - 
 10,387,869 
 - 
 10,387,869 
 1,922,890 
 12,310,759 
 
 Transfer
 to legal reserve 
 - 
 86,873 
 (86,873 ) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 December
 31, 2016 
 500,000 
 827,043 
 51,352,239 
 4,057,390 
 56,736,672 
 10,548,407 
 67,285,079 

 January
 1, 2015 
 500,000 
 734,290 
 30,636,790 
 4,057,390 
 35,928,469 
 6,948,401 
 42,876,870 
 
 Net
 profit and total comprehensive income for the year 
 - 
 - 
 10,420,334 
 - 
 10,420,334 
 1,677,116 
 12,097,450 
 
 Transfer
 to legal reserve 
 - 
 5,880 
 (5,880 ) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 December
 31, 2015 
 500,000 
 740,170 
 41,051,244 
 4,057,390 
 46,348,803 
 8,625,517 
 54,974,321 

 The
accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 F- 53 

 1. Legal
 status and principal activities 

 Gulf
Energy Company SAOC ("the Company") ("GES SAOC") was incorporated in the Sultanate of Oman as a limited
liability Company on May 31, 2005. On June 20, 2013, the Company became a closed Omani joint stock company. 

 The
business activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as "the Group") include providing drilling
equipment on rental and related services, providing well engineering services and directional drilling services and import and
sale of oilfield equipment and rendering of specialized services to oil companies. Mubadarah Investment LLC ("Mubadarah")
is the Parent Company ("the Parent Company") which holds 56.90% (2016: 90.90%) shares in the Company. Refer to Note
27. 

 The
Group operates in the Sultanate of Oman, Kuwait, Algeria, Yemen, and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ("KSA") and consists
of the twelve companies which are incorporated in the Sultanate of Oman. 

 This
consolidation incorporates the following subsidiaries in which the Group has a controlling interest: 

 Name
 of the Subsidiaries 
 Country
 of registration 
 2017
 Holding 
 2016
 
 Holding 

 % 
 % 
 
 Sino Gulf Energy Enterprises LLC ("SGEE") 
 Oman 
 95 
 51 
 
 Integrated
 Petroleum Services Company LLC ("IPS") 
 Oman 
 97 
 97 
 
 Intelligent
 Drilling Services LLC ("IDS") 
 Oman 
 99 
 99 
 
 Well
 Solutions Services LLC ("WSS") 
 Oman 
 99.99 
 99.99 
 
 Well
 Maintenance Services LLC ("WMS") 
 Oman 
 99.99 
 99.99 
 
 Fishing
 and Remedial Expert Enterprises LLC ("FREE") 
 Oman 
 99 
 99 
 
 Gulf
 Drilling Fluid Technology LLC ("GDFT") 
 Oman 
 99 
 99 
 
 Gulf
 Energy Services LLC ("GES") 
 Oman 
 99 
 99 
 
 Kuwait
 Gulf Petroleum services LLC 
 Kuwait 
 95 
 95 
 
 Midwest
 Oilfields Services LLC ("Midwest") 
 Oman 
 99.99 
 82 
 
 Makamen
 Petroleum LLC ("MP") 
 Oman 
 75 
 - 

 Integrated
Petroleum Services LLC has a subsidiary Benon Oil Services LLC registered in Oman. 

 Gulf
Energy Services LLC has a subsidiary, Tamkeen Fracking LLC registered in Oman. Furthermore, Gulf Energy Services LLC also has
branches in Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Algeria and Kuwait. 

 The
following are the entities where the Company has significant influence: 

 Percentage
 of Share capital 
 Share
 capital held 
 Share
 capital paid up 
 
 Company 
 Activity 
 held 
 RO 
 RO 

 Joint
 Venture 

 Senergy
 Gulf Solutions LLC 
 Services
 ancillary to oil and gas extraction 
 50 % 
 75,000 
 75,000 
 
 Associate 

 Tasneea
 Oil and 
 Fabrication,
 maintenance and 

 Gas
 Technology 
 overhaul
 of oilfield equipment 
 20 % 
 1,539,388 
 1,539,388 
 
 LLC 

 F- 54 

 2. Basis
 of preparation 

 a)
Statement of compliance 

 The
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS")
as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB"). The Group's accounting policies have been
applied consistently to all periods presented within the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements
correspond to the classification provision contained within IAS 1 (revised) presentation of financial position. These items are
disaggregated separately in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, where applicable. These consolidated financial
statements were authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on April 2, 2018. 

 b)
Basis of measurement 

 The
consolidated financial statements are prepared on an accrual basis under the historical cost convention. 

 c)
Functional and presentation currency 

 These
consolidated financial statements are presented in Rial Omani ("RO") as the reporting currency. The Group's
functional currency is US Dollars ("USD"). The conversion rate of 1 USD: 0.385 RO is used for transaction purposes
as the movement of RO is fixed to the USD. 

 d)
Use of estimates and judgments 

 The
preparation of consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect
the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may
differ from these estimates. 

 Estimates 

 In
the process of applying the Group's accounting policies, management has made the following estimates, which have the most
significant effect on the amounts recognized in these consolidated financial statements. 

 Impairment
of trade receivables 

 An
estimate on the collectability of accounts receivable is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. For individually
significant amounts, this estimation is performed on an individual basis. Amounts which are not individually significant, but
which are past due, are assessed collectively and a provision applied according to the length of the past due. 

 Impairment
of inventories 

 Inventories
are held at the lower of cost or net realizable value. When inventories become old or obsolete, an estimate is made for their
net realizable value. For individually significant amounts this estimation is performed on an individual basis. Items which are
not individually significant, but which are old or obsolete, are assessed collectively and a provision applied according to the
inventory type and the degree of aging or obsolescence, based on anticipated selling prices. 

 Impairment
of property, plant and equipment 

 Property,
plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment in value. The carrying values of property,
plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be
recoverable. If any such indication exists and where the carrying values exceed the estimated recoverable amount, the assets are
written down to their recoverable amount, being the higher of their fair value less costs to sell and their value in use. 

 F- 55 

 Useful
lives of property, plant and equipment 

 The
Group's management determines the estimated useful lives of its property, plant and equipment for calculating depreciation.
This estimate is determined after considering the expected usage of the asset or physical wear and tear. In the ordinary course
of business, management reviews the residual value and useful lives annually and future depreciation charge would be adjusted
where the management believes the useful lives differ from previous estimates. 

 Impairment
testing of goodwill 

 The
Group determines whether goodwill is impaired, at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation of the value in use of
cash generating unit to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use requires the Group to make an estimate of
the expected future cash flows from the cash generating unit and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate
the present value of those cash flows. 

 Business
combination 

 In
accounting for business combinations, judgement is required in identifying whether an identifiable intangible asset is to be recorded
separately from goodwill. Additionally, estimating the acquisition date fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
assumed involves management judgment. These measurements are based on information available at the acquisition date and are based
on expectations and assumptions that have been deemed reasonable by the management. Changes in these judgements, estimates and
assumptions can materially affect the results of operations. 

 Provision
for income taxes and deferred tax 

 The
Group is subject to income taxes in various jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining the worldwide provision
for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the
ordinary course of business. The Group recognizes liabilities for anticipated tax payments based on estimates of whether additional
taxes will be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such
differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made. 

 Deferred
tax assets are recognized for all unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against
which the losses can be utilized. Significant management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets
that can be recognized, based upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. 

 3.
Significant accounting policies 

 The
principal accounting policies followed by the Group in preparation of its consolidated financial statements are summarized below. 

 Basis
of consolidation 

 Subsidiaries

 Subsidiaries
are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or rights to, variable returns from
its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. 

 The
existence and effect of potential voting rights that are currently exercisable or convertible are considered when assessing whether
the Group controls another entity. 

 Subsidiaries
are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are de-consolidated from the date that
control ceases. 

 F- 56 

 Intercompany
transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions between Group companies are eliminated. Unrealized losses are also
eliminated. 

 When
the Group ceases to have control or significant influence, the retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value,
with the change in carrying amount recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss. The fair value is the initial
carrying amount for the purposes of subsequent accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial
asset. 

 In
addition, any amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the
Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive
income are reclassified to profit or loss. 

 Business
combinations 

 Business
combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate of the consideration
transferred, which is measured at acquisition date fair value, and the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree.
Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred and included in administrative expenses. 

 When
the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and designation
in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances, and pertinent conditions as of the acquisition date. 

 Contingent
consideration, resulting from business combinations, is valued at fair value at the acquisition date as part of the business combination.
Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument and within the scope of IAS 39, Financial
Instruments: Recognition and Measurement, is measured at fair value with the changes in fair value recognized in the statement
of consolidated profit or loss. Goodwill acquired in a business combination is initially measured at cost being the excess of
the cost of the business combination over the Group's interest in the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities
and contingent liabilities. Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.
Goodwill is reviewed for impairment, annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value may be impaired. 

 For
the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each
of the Group's cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies
of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets and liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of
units. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is so allocated represents the lowest level within the Group at which
the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. 

 Impairment
is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating units), to which the goodwill
relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating units) is less than the carrying amount,
an impairment loss is recognized. Where goodwill forms part of a cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating units) and part
of the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying
amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal of the operation. Goodwill disposed of in this circumstance
is measured based on the relative values of the operation disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit retained. 

 Non-controlling
interests 

 Non-controlling
interests in the net assets (excluding goodwill) of consolidated subsidiaries are identified separately from the Group's
equity. The interest of non-controlling shareholders may be initially measured either at fair value or at the non-controlling
interest's proportionate share of the fair value of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. The choice of measurement
basis is made on an acquisition to acquisition basis. Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interest
is the amount of those interests at initial recognition plus the non-controlling interest's share of subsequent changes
in equity. Changes in Group's interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
transactions. 

 Total
comprehensive income is attributed to non-controlling interests even if it results in the non-controlling interest having a deficit
balance. 

 F- 57 

 Associates 

 Associates
are entities over which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint control over the financial or operating
policies. Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting and are initially recognized at cost,
which includes transaction costs. The Group's investment in associates (net of any accumulated impairment loss) includes
goodwill identified on acquisition, if any. 

 The
Group's share of its associates post-acquisition profits or losses is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit
and loss, and its share of post-acquisition movements in reserves is recognized in equity. The cumulative post-acquisition movements
are adjusted against the carrying amount of the investment. When the Group's share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds
its interest in the associate, including any other unsecured receivables, the Group does not recognize further losses, unless
it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate. 

 Unrealized
gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group's interest in the associates.
Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. 

 Jointly
controlled entities 

 The
Group's investment in jointly controlled entity is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. A joint venture
is a contractual arrangement whereby two or more parties undertake an economic activity that is subject to joint control, and
a jointly controlled entity is a joint venture that involves the establishment of a separate entity in which each venture has
an interest. 

 Under
the equity method, the investment in the joint venture is carried in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost
plus post- acquisition changes in the Group's share of net assets of the joint venture. Goodwill relating to a joint venture
is included in the carrying amount of the investment. 

 After
application of the equity method, the Group determines whether it is necessary to recognize any additional impairment loss with
respect to the Group's net investment in the joint venture. 

 The
consolidated statement of profit and loss reflects the share of the results of operations of the joint venture. Where there has
been a change recognized directly in the equity of the joint venture, the Group recognizes its share of any changes and discloses
this, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. 

 Property,
plant and equipment 

 Owned
assets 

 Property,
plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any. The cost of property, plant
and equipment is their purchase price together with any incidental expenses. 

 Subsequent
expenditure 

 Expenditure
incurred to replace a component of an item of property, plant and equipment that is accounted for separately including major inspection
and overhaul expenditure, is capitalized. Other subsequent expenditure is capitalized only when it increases the future economic
benefits embodied in the item of property, plant and equipment. All other expenditure is recognized in the consolidated statement
of profit and loss as an expense as incurred. 

 Operating
leases 

 Leases
in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are classified as operating leases.
Payments made under operating lease are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss on a straight-line basis over
the period of the lease. 

 F- 58 

 Depreciation 

 Depreciation
is charged to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on a straight line basis over the estimated useful lives of items
of property plant and equipment from the date of capitalization. Land is not depreciated. The estimated useful lives of the assets
are as follows: 

 Building
 
 5
 to 20 years 
 
 Leasehold
 improvements 
 5
 to 20 years or the estimated period of lease whichever is shorter 
 
 Machinery
 and equipment 
 2
 to 10 years 
 
 Motor
 vehicles 
 3
 to 6.25 years 
 
 Office
 furniture, fixture and equipment 
 3
 to 6.66 years 
 
 Drilling
 equipment and tools 
 5
 to 10 years 

 The
assets' residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each reporting date. 

 Where
the carrying amount of an asset is greater than its estimated recoverable amount it is written down immediately to its recoverable
amount. 

 When
assets are sold or disposed of, the gross carrying amount and accumulated depreciation are derecognized, and any gain or loss
on the sale or disposal is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss. 

 Deposits
and advances paid towards the acquisition of property, plant and equipment outstanding as of each reporting date and the cost
of property, plant and equipment not available for use before such date are disclosed under capital work- in-progress. 

 Intangible
assets 

 Intangible
asset with finite useful lives are measured at cost less accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses. Subsequent
expenditure is capitalized only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to which it relates.
All other expenditure on internally generated goodwill and brands is recognized in consolidated statement of profit and loss as
incurred. 

 Amortization
is calculated to write off the cost of intangible assets less their estimated useful lives using the straight line method over
their estimated useful lives and is generally recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss. The estimated useful
lives are 3 to 5 years. Amortization methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted,
if appropriate. 

 Inventories 

 Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The cost of inventories is determined on the weighted average cost and
includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the inventories and bringing them to their existing location and condition. Net realizable
value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of selling expenses. 

 Trade
and other receivables 

 Trade
and other receivables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest
method, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when there is objective
evidence that the Group will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of debtors. Significant financial
difficulties of the debtor, probability that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or financial reorganization, and default or delinquency
in payments are considered indicators that the trade debtors are impaired. The amount of the provision is the difference between
the asset's carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at the effective interest rate.
The amount of the provision is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss under 'administrative and general
expenses'. 

 F- 59 

 Cash
and cash equivalents 

 In
the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and bank balances and short-term deposits
with an original maturity date of three months or less from the date of placement, net of bank overdraft. Bank overdrafts that
are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group's cash management are included as a component of cash and
cash equivalents for the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows. 

 Trade
and other payables 

 Trade
and other payables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest
method. 

 Liabilities
are recognized for amounts to be paid for goods and services received, whether or not billed to the Group. 

 Borrowings

 Borrowings
are recognized initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently stated at amortized cost,
any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction cost) and the redemption value is recognized in the consolidated statement
of profit and loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method. 

 Provisions

 A
provision is recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation
as a result of a past event, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.
The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the
end of the reporting period, taking into account the risk and uncertainty surrounding the obligation. If the effect is material,
provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments
of the time value of money and, where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. 

 Employee
benefits 

 The
Group provides defined benefit plan of severance pay to the eligible employees. The severance pay plan provides for a lump sum
payment to employees on separation (retirement, resignation, death while in employment or on termination of employment) of an
amount based upon the employees last drawn salary and length of service, subject to the completion of minimum service period (1-2
years) and taking into account the provisions of local applicable law or as per employee contract. The Group records annual amounts
relating to these long-term employee benefits based on calculations that incorporate various actuarial and other assumptions,
including discount rates, mortality, assumed rates of return, compensation increases and turnover rates. The Group reviews its
assumptions on an annual basis and makes modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends when it is appropriate
to do so. The effect of modifications to those assumptions is recorded in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
The Group believes that the assumptions utilized in recording its obligations under its plans are reasonable based on its experience
and market conditions. The net periodic costs are recognized as employees render the services necessary to earn these benefits.
Contributions to a defined contribution retirement plan and occupational hazard insurance for Omani employees in accordance with
the Omani Social Insurances Law are recognized as an expense in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
income as incurred. 

 Revenue

 Revenue
associated with the rental of tools and equipment is recorded on the basis of daily hire rates applicable under the relevant agreement
on a straight line basis. 

 Revenue
from services represents the invoice value of services rendered to the customers less any discounts and allowances. Revenue is
recognized when the services are rendered and collectability is reasonably assured. Billing is done based on contractual terms
upon approval of services having been rendered at the site and confirmation of the billable amount by the customer. Services performed
but not billed at the end of the reporting period are classified as unbilled revenues. Unbilled revenue is generally invoiced
within a period of 60-90 days of the service being rendered. 

 F- 60 

 Revenue
from sale of tools and equipment is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss when the significant risks and
rewards associated with the ownership of the goods have been transferred to the buyer. 

 Revenue
is recognized provided that revenue and cost can be measured reliably, the recovery of the consideration is probable and there
is no continuing management involvement with the goods. 

 Volume
discount 

 Volume
discount is paid to the customers on the basis of Annual Gross Revenue (as approved by the customer) threshold as defined in the
agreement entered into with respective customers. Annual Gross Revenue is the sum of all charges invoiced by the Group less third
party services, if any and is netted against revenue. 

 Finance
income and expense 

 Finance
expenses 

 Finance
expenses comprise interest cost on borrowings. Borrowing costs that are not directly attributable to an acquisition/ construction
of qualifying asset are capitalized until the time all substantial activities necessary to prepare the qualifying assets for their
intended use are complete. A qualifying asset is one that necessarily takes substantial period of time to get ready for its intended
use/ sale. All other borrowing cost not eligible for capitalization are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and
loss using the effective interest method. 

 Finance
and other income 

 Finance
and other income comprises interest income on deposits and dividend income. Interest income is recognized using the effective
interest method. Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive payment is established. 

 Income
tax 

 Income
tax on the profit for the year comprises current and deferred tax. 

 Current
tax is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income and is the expected tax payable
on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment
to tax payable in respect of previous years. 

 Deferred
tax is set-up for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes
and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realization
or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting
date. Deferred tax is not recognized on temporary differences relating to the initial recognition of goodwill. 

 Finance
leases 

 Finance
leases, which transfer to the Group substantially all the risks and benefits incidental to ownership of the leased item, are capitalized
at the inception of the lease at the fair value of the leased asset or, if lower, at the present value of the minimum lease payments.
Lease payments are apportioned between the finance charges and reduction of the lease liability so as to achieve a constant rate
of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Finance charges are charged in the consolidated statement of profit and
loss. 

 Capitalized
leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset and the lease term. Lease payments due
within one year are disclosed as current liabilities. 

 Foreign
currency transactions and balances 

 Transactions
in foreign currencies of the Group entities are converted to local currency at the rate of exchange ruling at the date of the
transaction. At the reporting date, foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are converted at the year end exchange rates.
All resulting exchange differences arising on settlement or re-statement are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit
and loss for the year. 

 Dividend
distribution 

 Dividends
are recognized as a liability in the year in which the dividends are approved by the Company's shareholders. Dividends for
the year that are approved after the statement of financial position date are dealt with as an event after the reporting date. 

 F- 61 

 Cash
flows 

 Cash
flows are reported using the indirect method, whereby net profits before tax is adjusted for the effects of transactions of a
non-cash nature and any deferrals or accruals of past or future cash receipts or payments. The cash flows from regular revenue
generating, investing and financing activities of the Group are segregated. 

 Impairment

 (i)
Financial assets 

 A
financial asset is considered to be impaired if objective evidence indicates that one or more events have had a negative effect
on the estimated future cash flows of that asset. An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortized cost
is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount, and the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at
the original effective interest rate. 

 An
impairment loss in respect of investment in an unlisted equity security is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount,
and the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at the original effective interest rate. 

 Individually
significant financial assets are tested for impairment on an individual basis. The remaining financial assets are assessed collectively
in groups that share similar credit risk. 

 All
impairment losses are recognized in consolidated statement of profit or loss. 

 An
impairment loss is reversed if the reversal can be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment loss was recognized.
For financial assets measured at amortized cost, the reversal is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 

 (ii)
Non-financial assets 

 The
carrying amounts of the Group's non-financial assets are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any
indication of impairment. If any such indications exist then the asset's recoverable amount is estimated. 

 An
impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or cash generating unit is more than its recoverable amount.
Recoverable amount is the higher of value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing the value in use, the estimated
future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments
of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. 

 Adoption
of new and revised International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2017, the Group has adopted the following new and revised standards and interpretations issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC)
of the IASB that are relevant to its operations and effective for periods beginning on January 1, 2017. 

 &#9679;
Disclosure initiative (Amendments to IAS 7) 

 &#9679;
Recognition of deferred tax assets for unrealized losses (Amendments to IAS 12) 

 The
adoption of these standards and interpretations has not resulted in changes to the Group's accounting policies and has not
affected the amounts reported for the current and prior periods. 

 Standards,
amendments and interpretations issued that are not yet effective 

 A
number of new relevant standards, amendments to standards and interpretations are not yet effective for the year ended December
31, 2017 and have not been applied in preparing these consolidated financial statements. None of these are expected to have significant
effect on the consolidated financial statements of the Group, with the exception of: 

 F- 62 

 IFRS
9: Financial Instruments 

 In
July 2014, the IASB completed its project to replace IAS 39, Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement by publishing
the final version of IFRS 9: Financial Instruments. IFRS 9 introduces a single approach for the classification and measurement
of financial assets according to their cash flow characteristics and the business model they are managed in, and provides a new
impairment model based on expected credit losses. IFRS 9 also includes new guidance regarding the application of hedge accounting
to better reflect an entity's risk management activities especially with regard to managing nonfinancial risks. The new
standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018, while early application is permitted.
The following is a summary of some of the significant items that are likely to be important in understanding the impact and the
affected areas of the implementation of IFRS 9. 

 (i) Classification
 and measurement Financial Assets 

 IFRS
9 contains a new classification and measurement approach for financial assets that reflects the business model in which assets
are managed and their cash flow characteristics. IFRS 9 contains three principal classification categories for financial assets:
measured at amortized cost, fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) and fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL).
The standard eliminates the existing IAS 39 categories of held to maturity, loans and receivables and available for sale. 

 Depending
on the respective underlying business model, the new rules in relation to the classification of financial assets will not give
rise to changes in measurement and presentation. The measurement of financial instruments trade receivables and bank balances
will continue to be measured under amortized cost method. 

 (ii) Impairment
 Financial assets 

 IFRS
9 replaces the 'incurred loss' model in IAS 39 with a forward-looking 'expected credit loss' (ECL) model.
This requires considerable judgment about how changes in economic factors affect ECLs, which will be determined on a probability-weighted
basis. The new impairment model applies to financial assets measured at amortized cost or FVOCI, except for investments in equity
instruments. 

 Under
IFRS 9, loss allowances will be measured on either of the following bases: 

 &#9679;
12-month ECLs: these are ECLs that result from possible default events within 12 months after the reporting date; and 

 &#9679;
Lifetime ECLs: these are ECLs that result from all possible defaults events over the expected life of a financial instrument. 

 The
estimated ECLs will be calculated based on the actual credit loss experience over the past years while considering the customer
type/payment records and Grouped based on past due status. Historical default percentages which will be derived from historical
data will be adjusted for forward looking information which is important for the Group to understand what actually drives the
levels of default over the expected lives of the receivables. 

 The
new rules regarding the accounting of impairment losses will lead to expected losses having to be expensed earlier in some cases.
Application of the simplified approach for financial assets and impairment losses on the trade receivable to be recognized for
the first time as of January 1, 2018 in accordance with IFRS 9, will lead to a change in impairment losses. 

 (iii) Classification
 and measurement Financial liabilities 

 IFRS
9 largely retains the existing requirements in IAS 39 for the classification of financial liabilities. However, under IAS 39 all
fair value changes of liabilities designated as FVTPL are recognized in profit or loss, whereas under IFRS 9 these fair value
changes are generally presented as follows: 

 &#9679;
the amount of change in the fair value that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of the liability is presented in OCI;
and 

 &#9679;the
remaining amount of change in the fair value is presented in profit or loss. 

 F- 63 

 (vi)
Disclosure and transition requirements 

 IFRS
9 will require extensive new disclosures, in particular about credit risk and ECLs. The Group's assessment includes an analysis
to identify data gaps against current processes. The Group is in preliminary stages of implementing the system and controls changes
that it believes will be necessary to capture the required data. The Group will apply IFRS 9 from the period beginning January
1, 2018 and will not restate the prior periods. The differences between previous carrying amounts and those determined under IFRS
9 at the date of initial application will generally be recognized in retained earnings as at January 1, 2018. 

 IFRS
15: Revenue from contracts with customers 

 IFRS
15 supersedes all existing revenue requirements in IFRS (IAS 11 Construction Contracts, IAS 18 Revenue and related interpretations).
According to the new standard, revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to a customer in an
amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. IFRS
15 establishes a five step model that will apply to revenue earned from a contract with a customer (with limited exceptions),
regardless of the type of revenue transaction or the industry. Extensive disclosures will be required, including disaggregation
of total revenue; information about performance obligation; changes in contract asset and liability account balances between periods
and key judgments and estimates. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method.
In September 2015, the IASB issued an amendment to IFRS 15, deferring the adoption of the standard to periods beginning on or
after January 1, 2018. In preparation to adopt IFRS 15, the Group has considered the following: 

 (i) Sale
 of tools, equipment and other products 

 Revenue
will be recognized when a customer obtains control of the goods. If the customer controls all of the work in progress as the products
are being manufactured, the revenue from these contracts will be recognized as the products are being manufactured. 

 (ii) Service
 income 

 Performance
obligations in respect of service income includes use of equipment and manpower to complete the jobs such as cementing, coil tubing
& stimulation and drilling. Each service component i.e. renting of equipment and manpower may be considered as distinct as
the customer can benefit from each on its own. The Group will have to allocate the transaction price based on relative stand-alone
selling prices or cost plus margin method, as applicable. Currently, all the component is considered as one composite service.
Accordingly, the Group is not allocating revenue to all the performance obligations in a job. 

 (i) Disclosure
 in transition requirements 

 The
presentation and disclosure requirements in IFRS 15 are more detailed than under current IFRS. The presentation requirements represent
a significant change from current practice and significantly increases the volume of disclosures required in the Group's
financial statements. Many of the disclosure requirements in IFRS 15 are new and as per the Group's initial assessment,
impact of these disclosure requirements will not be significant. 

 The
Group plans to adopt IFRS 15 using the cumulative effect method, with effect of initially applying this standard recognized at
the date of initial application (i.e. January 1, 2018). As a result, the Group will not apply the requirements of IFRS 15 to the
comparative period presented. 

 The
Group is in the process of completing the IFRS 15 assessment. 

 IFRS
16 Leases 

 On
January 13, 2016, the International Accounting Standards Board issued the final version of IFRS 16, Leases. IFRS 16 will replace
the existing leases Standard, IAS 17 Leases, and related interpretations. The standard sets out the principles for the recognition,
measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases. IFRS 16 introduces a single lessee accounting model and requires a lessee
to recognize assets and liabilities for all leases with a term of more than 12 months, unless the underlying asset is of low value.
The Standard also contains enhanced disclosure requirements for lessees. The effective date for adoption of IFRS 16 is annual
periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019, though early adoption is permitted for companies applying IFRS 15 Revenue from
Contracts with Customers. The Group is currently assessing the impact of adopting IFRS 16 on the Group's consolidated financial
statements. 

 F- 64 

 4.
Property, plant and equipment 

 Details
of movements on property, plant and equipment are set out below: 

 Building 
 Land 
 Leasehold
 improvements 
 Machinery
 and equipment 
 Motor
 vehicles 
 Office
 furniture, fixture and equipment 
 Drilling
 equipment and tools 
 Total 

 RO 
 RO 
 RO 
 RO 
 RO 
 RO 
 RO 
 RO 
 
 Cost 

 January
 1, 2017 
 6,754,670 
 437,500 
 - 
 38,634,642 
 4,385,369 
 1,557,472 
 42,628,929 
 94,398,582 
 
 Additions
 during the year 
 829,519 
 - 
 98,902 
 1,310,945 
 99,667 
 90,297 
 2,236,540 
 4,665,870 
 
 Acquisition
 through business combination 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 12,806 
 - 
 5,611 
 399 
 18,816 
 
 Disposals 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (843,517 ) 
 - 
 (20,901 ) 
 (986,324 ) 
 (1,850,742 ) 
 
 December
 31, 2017 
 7,584,189 
 437,500 
 98,902 
 39,114,876 
 4,485,036 
 1,632,479 
 43,879,544 
 97,232,526 

 Depreciation 

 January
 1, 2017 
 1,732,708 
 - 
 - 
 21,138,997 
 3,867,740 
 811,999 
 21,650,474 
 49,201,918 
 
 Charge
 for the year 
 398,393 
 - 
 3,439 
 3,719,432 
 415,979 
 339,749 
 4,101,140 
 8,978,132 
 
 Acquisition
 through business combination 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,297 
 - 
 656 
 192 
 8,145 
 
 Disposals 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (694,389 ) 
 - 
 (14,759 ) 
 (402,886 ) 
 (1,112,034 ) 
 
 December
 31, 2017 
 2,131,101 
 - 
 3,439 
 24,171,337 
 4,283,719 
 1,137,645 
 25,348,920 
 57,076,161 

 Net
 book value 

 December
 31, 2017 
 5,453,088 
 437,500 
 95,463 
 14,943,539 
 201,317 
 494,834 
 18,530,624 
 40,156,365 

 December
 31,2016 
 5,021,962 
 437,500 
 - 
 17,495,645 
 517,629 
 745,473 
 20,978,455 
 45,196,664 

 4.
Property, plant and equipment (continued) 

 Building 
 Land 
 Leasehold
 improvements 
 Machinery
 and equipment 
 Motor
 vehicles 
 Office
 furniture, fixture and equipment 
 Drilling
 equipment and tools 
 Total 

 RO 
 RO 
 RO 
 RO 
 RO 
 RO 
 RO 
 RO 
 
 Cost 

 January
 1, 2016 
 6,538,170 
 437,500 
 112,363 
 38,274,939 
 4,327,538 
 1,919,674 
 40,700,915 
 92,311,099 
 
 Additions
 during the year 
 209,000 
 - 
 - 
 1,184,013 
 139,094 
 128,145 
 4,841,943 
 6,502,195 
 
 Adjustments 
 7,500 
 - 
 - 
 (112,787 ) 
 105,287 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Disposals 
 - 
 - 
 (112,363 ) 
 (711,523 ) 
 (186,550 ) 
 (490,347 ) 
 (2,913,929 ) 
 (4,414,712 ) 
 
 December
 31, 2016 
 6,754,670 
 437,500 
 - 
 38,634,642 
 4,385,369 
 1,557,472 
 42,628,929 
 94,398,582 

 Depreciation 

 January
 1, 2016 
 1,394,050 
 - 
 55,124 
 17,186,819 
 3,374,700 
 885,541 
 18,106,632 
 41,002,866 
 
 Charge
 for the year 
 337,905 
 - 
 16,854 
 4,390,547 
 584,668 
 360,283 
 4,403,427 
 10,093,684 
 
 Adjustments 
 753 
 - 
 - 
 (94,356 ) 
 93,603 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Disposals 
 - 
 - 
 (71,978 ) 
 (344,013 ) 
 (185,231 ) 
 (433,825 ) 
 (859,585 ) 
 (1,894,632 ) 
 
 December
 31, 2016 
 1,732,708 
 - 
 - 
 21,138,997 
 3,867,740 
 811,999 
 21,650,474 
 49,201,918 

 Net
 book value 

 December
 31, 2016 
 5,021,962 
 437,500 
 - 
 17,495,645 
 517,629 
 745,473 
 20,978,455 
 45,196,664 

 Net
 book value December 31, 2015 
 5,144,120 
 437,500 
 57,239 
 21,088,120 
 952,838 
 1,034,133 
 22,594,283 
 51,308,233 

 i. Land
 was held in the name of Hilal Bin Hamed Saif Al Busaidi and Yasser Said Ahmed Al Barami,
 two of the Company's shareholders who held it on behalf of the Company. However,
 during the current year, on August 30, 2017, the title of the land has been transferred
 in the name of the Company. 

 F- 65 

 5.
Intangible assets & goodwill 

 a) Intangible
assets 

 2017 RO 

 2016
 RO 

 Software 
 Customer
 relationships 
 Brands 
 Total 
 Software 
 Customer
 relationships 
 Brands 
 Total 
 
 Cost 

 January
 1 
 336,659 
 673,635 
 217,076 
 1,227,370 
 372,657 
 673,635 
 361,793 
 1,408,085 
 
 Additions
 during the year 
 111 
 - 
 - 
 111 
 8,129 
 - 
 - 
 8,129 
 
 Acquisition
 through business combination 
 9,664 
 - 
 - 
 9,664 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Write-off
 during the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (44,127 ) 
 - 
 - 
 (44,127 ) 
 
 Impairment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (144,717 ) 
 (144,717 ) 
 
 December
 31 
 346,434 
 673,635 
 217,076 
 1,237,145 
 336,659 
 673,635 
 217,076 
 1,227,370 

 Amortization 

 January
 1 
 299,417 
 673,635 
 217,076 
 1,190,128 
 303,114 
 449,090 
 144,717 
 896,921 
 
 Charge
 for the year 
 30,737 
 - 
 - 
 30,737 
 39,945 
 224,545 
 72,359 
 336,849 
 
 Acquisition
 through business combination 
 5,838 
 - 
 - 
 5,838 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Write-off
 during the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (43,642 ) 
 - 
 - 
 (43,642 ) 
 
 December
 31 
 335,992 
 673,635 
 217,076 
 1,226,703 
 299,417 
 673,635 
 217,076 
 1,190,128 

 Net
 book value 

 December
 31 
 10,442 
 - 
 - 
 10,442 
 37,242 
 - 
 - 
 37,242 

 Consequent
to the acquisition of 82% shareholding in Midwest Oilfields Services LLC ("Midwest") during 2014, the Company recorded
customer relationships and brands aggregating to RO 673,635 and RO 361,793 respectively. The intangibles which have a finite useful
lives are amortized using straight line method over the estimated period of economic benefit ranging from three to five years.
As at December 31, 2016 the Group has recorded 100% impairment of the balance carrying value of the Brand related intangibles
along with the carrying value of the Goodwill recorded on the above mentioned acquisition (refer note below). 

 b)
 Goodwill 

 2017 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 

 Goodwill 
 Goodwill 

 January
 1 
 - 
 659,010 
 
 Additions 
 - 
 - 
 
 Impairment 
 - 
 (659,010 ) 
 
 December
 31 
 - 
 - 

 F- 66 

 The
goodwill was recognized in connection with the Midwest acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2014. 

 During
2016, the Company performed an impairment review for Goodwill recognized on acquisition of Midwest due to loss of a major customer
contract which was deemed to be a triggering event and indicated that the carrying value of Goodwill may not be recoverable. The
Company's inability to get new contracts were indications that the Goodwill may be impaired. The Company lowered its expectations
with respect to future activity levels in the contract drilling business. For the purpose of impairment testing, the Company performed
an internal valuation to assess the recoverability of its Goodwill on a discounted cash flow model. 

 As
a result of the assessments made, the Company recorded an impairment of 100% of the Goodwill amounting to RO 659,010 in December
31, 2016. No impairment loss was recognized as of December 31, 2015. The total amount of impairment of goodwill and intangible
assets recognized in 2017 is RO 0, in 2016 RO 803,727 and in 2015 RO 0. 

 6.
Investments in a joint venture and an associate 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 

 RO 
 RO 
 RO 

 Cost
 of investment 
 1,614,388 
 1,614,388 
 1,614,388 
 
 Share
 of post-acquisition accumulated profits/(losses) 
 3,772 
 (374,560 ) 
 (298,381 ) 
 
 Share
 of net assets 
 1,618,160 
 1,239,828 
 1,316,007 
 
 Movement
 in investment in joint venture and associate is as follows: 

 January
 1 
 1,239,828 
 1,316,007 
 1,490,064 
 
 Share
 of profit / (loss) for the year 
 378,332 
 (76,179 ) 
 (174,057 ) 
 
 December
 31 
 1,618,160 
 1,239,828 
 1,316,007 

 Investment
in joint venture relates to Senergy Gulf Solutions LLC ("Senergy Gulf"), a company incorporated during 2014 and jointly
owned by Gulf Energy Company SAOC and Senergy (GB) Limited, a company registered in Aberdeen, Scotland. 

 Investment
in associate relates to the Company's 20% ownership interest in Tasneea Oil and Gas Technology LLC ("Tasneea Oil").
The Company acquired 20% ownership interest in Tasneea Oil from Mubadarah in 2014 for a purchase consideration of RO 1,539,388. 

 F- 67 

 Summarized
financial information in respect of the joint venture and an associate as at December 31, 2017 is set out below: 

 Senergy
 Gulf 
 Tasneea
 Oil 
 
 %
 of holdings 
 50% 
 20% 

 Total
 assets 
 183,790 
 4,508,397 
 
 Total
 liabilities 
 (4,675 ) 
 (4,708,338 ) 
 
 Net
 assets/ (liabilities) 
 179,115 
 (199,941 ) 
 
 Revenue 
 - 
 3,260,324 
 
 (Loss)
 / profit 
 (847 ) 
 1,893,780 
 
 Group's
 share of net assets/ (liabilities) 
 89,558 
 (39,988 ) 
 
 Group's
 share of (loss) / profit 
 (424 ) 
 378,756 

 F- 68 

 Summarized
financial information in respect of the joint venture and an associate as at December 31, 2016 is set out below: 

 Senergy 
 Tasneea
 Oil 

 Gulf 
 and
 Gas 

 Solution 
 Technology 

 LLC 
 LLC 
 
 %
 of holdings 
 50% 
 20% 

 Total
 assets 
 184,650 
 5,035,360 
 
 Total
 liabilities 
 (4,688 ) 
 (7,085,450 ) 
 
 Net
 assets/ (liabilities) 
 179,962 
 (2,050,090 ) 
 
 Revenue 
 - 
 3,155,653 
 
 Loss 
 (4,662 ) 
 (369,240 ) 
 
 Group's
 share of net assets / (liabilities) 
 89,981 
 (410,018 ) 
 
 Group's
 share of loss 
 (2,331 ) 
 (73,848 ) 

 Summarized
financial information in respect of the joint venture and an associate as at December 31, 2015 is set out below: 

 Senergy 
 Tasneea
 Oil 

 Gulf 
 and
 Gas 

 Solution 
 Technology 

 LLC 
 LLC 
 
 %
 of holdings 
 50% 
 20% 

 Total
 assets 
 195,812 
 3,489,798 
 
 Total
 liabilities 
 (11,188 ) 
 (5,170,648 ) 
 
 Net
 assets/ (liabilities) 
 184,624 
 (1,680,850 ) 
 
 Revenue 
 - 
 2,102,477 
 
 Loss 
 (59,745 ) 
 (720,924 ) 
 
 Group's
 share of net assets / (liabilities) 
 92,312 
 (336,170 ) 
 
 Group's
 share of loss 
 (29,873 ) 
 (144,185 ) 

 F- 69 

 Acquisitions 

 a)
Acquisition of NCI Midwest Oilfield Services LLC 

 In
June 2017, the Group acquired an additional 17.99% interest in an existing subsidiary Midwest Oilfield Services LLC, increasing
its ownership from 82% to 99.99%. 

 The
following table summarizes the effect of changes in the Company's ownership interest in Midwest Oilfield Services LLC: 

 Amounts
 in RO 

 Carrying
 amount of NCI acquired 

 180,338 

 Consideration
 paid 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 Increase
 in owner equity attributable to the Shareholders of the Company (transferred to shareholder's contribution) 

 180,337 

 b)
Acquisition of NCI - Sino Gulf Energy Enterprises LLC 

 During
October 2017, the Group acquired an additional 44% interest in Sino Gulf Energy Enterprises LLC, increasing its ownership interest
from 51% to 95%. 

 The
following table summarizes the effect of changes in the Group's ownership interest in Sino Gulf Energy Enterprises LLC. 

 Amounts
 in RO 

 Carrying
 amount of NCI acquired 

 9,743,601 

 Consideration
 paid 

 (3,746,239 
 ) 
 
 Increase
 in owner equity attributable to the Shareholders of the Company (transferred to shareholder's contribution) 

 5,997,362 

 7.
Inventories 

 2017 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 
 
 Chemicals
 and other finished products 
 1,372,471 
 1,553,506 
 
 Consumables 
 4,257,223 
 4,825,444 
 
 Spares 
 5,843,779 
 5,913,171 
 
 Provision
 for old and slow moving inventory 
 (539,187 ) 
 (856,714 ) 

 10,934,286 
 11,435,407 

 8.
Capital work in progress 

 2017 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 
 
 Capital
 work in progress 
 619,740 
 1,580,580 

 Capital
work in progress at December 31, 2017, mainly represents the ongoing building extension work conducted at Nizwa Industrial Estate. 

 F- 70 

 9.
Trade and other receivables 

 2017 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 
 
 Total
 Trade receivables (1) 
 11,668,035 
 28,914,830 
 
 Less:
 Long-term retentions receivable 
 - 
 (92,732 ) 
 
 Trade
 receivables, current 
 11,668,035 
 28,822,098 
 
 Less:
 Allowance for doubtful debts 
 (457,521 ) 
 (457,521 ) 

 11,210,514 
 28,364,577 
 
 Unbilled
 revenue 
 17,132,262 
 14,922,482 
 
 Prepayments
 and other receivables (2) 
 4,541,122 
 5,715,093 

 32,883,898 
 49,002,152 

 (1) 
 Included
 in the trade receivables is a balance of RO 4.8 million (USD 12.5 Million) due from the same customer whose receivable balance
 was assigned to Mubadarah (refer to note 15). Further, on March 23, 2018, Mubadarah, the Parent Company entered into an agreement
 with the Company wherein it agreed to: 

 &#9679; 
 guarantee
 the payment of the amounts due from the customer to the Company for an amount equal to the lesser off (a) RO 2.3 million (US$
 6 million), or (b) any unpaid balance of the receivable from the customer (the "Guaranteed Amount"); and 

 &#9679; 
 remit
 to the Company amounts it receives against Mubadarah's outstanding receivable balance from the customer, until both
 the Guaranteed Amount and the remaining RO 2.5 million (US$ 6.5 million) owed by the customer to the Company has been paid. 

 (2) 
 Including
 advances to key management personnel amounting to RO 1,739,875 as at 31 December 2017 (31 December 2016: RO 1,859,031). Also
 refer to note 22. 

 10.
Cash and cash equivalents 

 Cash
and cash equivalents for the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows include: 

 2017 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents- consolidated statement of financial position 
 2,597,832 
 2,109,330 
 
 Bank
 overdraft * 
 (95,180 ) 
 (2,233,360 ) 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents consolidated statement of cash flows 
 2,502,652 
 (124,030 ) 

 *
Refer to note 11 for securities and covenants against the Group's bank borrowings. Call accounts carry interest at 0.1%
per month (2016: 0.1% per month). 

 11.
Loans and borrowings 

 (A)
 Bank loans 
 
 2017 

 2016 

 RO 

 RO 

 Non-current
 liabilities 

 Secured
 bank loans 

 917,061 

 14,116,666 

 Less:
 unamortized transaction cost 

 - 

 (211,107 
 ) 

 (a) 

 917,061 

 13,905,559 

 Current
 liabilities 

 Secured
 bank loans 

 16,805,959 

 5,133,333 

 Loan
 against trust receipts (STL) 

 1,229,985 

 3,272,299 

 Less:
 unamortized transaction costs 

 (157,206) 

 - 

 (b) 

 17,878,738 

 8,405,632 

 (c)
 = (a) + (b) 

 18,795,799 

 22,311,191 

 F- 71 

 (i)
New term loan: 

 In
November 2015, the Group had re-financed all its existing bank term loans with National Bank of Oman for a single term loan of
RO 23.10 million ("the new term loan") ("Tranche A"). As on December 31, 2017, the outstanding amount
on this new term loan ("Tranche A") was RO 14.12 million (December 31, 2016: RO 19.2 million). The loan will mature
in 2020. 

 The
new term loan carries interest at the rate of LIBOR + 3.50% per annum and is repayable with quarterly installments, starting 6
months from the drawdown in 18 equal instalments until July 2020. 

 During
the current year, new term loan ("Tranche B") was availed by the Company to the extent of RO 1.96 million which was
outstanding at the year end. The "Tranche B" loan is repayable in equal quarterly installments starting 18 months
from the first drawdown until June 2022. 

 The
new term loan ("Tranche A and Tranche B") contain covenants which among others, require certain financial ratios to
be maintained which include maintaining a minimum debt service coverage ratio of 1.25. 

 Working
capital funded facilities including overdraft, bill discounting and loan against trust receipts facility carry an interest equal
to US Dollar LIBOR for the applicable interest period, plus a margin of 3.50% per annum. 

 The
new term loan ("Tranche A and Tranche B") and the working capital facility which includes overdraft, letters of credit
and trust receipts etc. are secured by: 

 i)
First priority assignment of all existing contracts and of new contracts financed by the facilities; 

 ii)
First priority commercial charge over; 

 &#9679; 
 the
 existing fixed assets of the Company and each of the operating companies in the Group 

 &#9679; 
 new
 equipment acquired by the Company and the operating companies in the Group 

 iii)
Assignment of insurance policies covering above assets; 

 iv)
Joint and several corporate guarantees of the Guarantors; and 

 v)
Subordination of any shareholder loans to the Company and/or the operating companies in the Group. 

 As
of December 31, 2017, the Company was in compliance with its financial covenants except for the covenant relating to the consolidated
net worth of the Group. As per the terms of the bank facility letter, any breach of a financial covenant, is considered to be
an event of default and the borrowings need to be treated as repayable on demand. As a result, long-term portion of all the borrowings
from the concerned bank amounting to RO 10.5 million has been classified as part of current borrowings as at December 31, 2017.
However, subsequent to the year end, the bank has issued a formal letter waiving off this breach of covenant as at December 2017
and post year-end the Group's facilities from the aforementioned bank continue uninterrupted as per the repayment plan outlined
in the facility letter. As of December 31, 2016 the Company was in compliance with all its covenants. 

 (ii)
Other term loan: 

 The
Group has also availed a term loan to the extent of RO 1.7 million during the current year. This balance is repayable with nine
quarterly installment starting seven months from the first drawdown until December 2019 and carries interest at the rate 3 months
/ 6 months LIBOR + 4% per annum. 

 This
loan is secured mainly by assignment of project contract proceeds, assignment of insurance proceeds and first exclusive charge
over project assets, among others. 

 This
other term loan has covenants which among others, certain financial ratios to be maintained including maintaining a minimum debt
service coverage ratio of 1.25. 

 (B)
Bank borrowings 

 2017 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 

 Bank
 overdraft 
 95,180 
 2,233,360 
 
 Short
 term credit facility 
 2,356,200 
 1,576,000 
 
 Total
 bank borrowings 
 2,451,380 
 3,809,360 

 F- 72 

 12.
Finance lease liabilities 

 2017 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 
 
 Future
 minimum lease payments: 

 No
 later than 1 year 
 76,570 
 106,089 
 
 Later
 than 1 year and no later than 5 years 
 17,126 
 91,742 

 93,696 
 197,831 
 
 Interest: 

 No
 later than one year 
 (174 ) 
 (3,753 ) 
 
 Later
 than one year and no later than 5 years 
 (3,733 ) 
 (9,264 ) 
 
 Present
 value of finance lease liabilities 
 89,789 
 184,814 

 The
 present value of finance lease liabilities is as follows: 

 No
 later than 1 year 
 72,837 
 96,822 
 
 Later
 than 1 year and no later than 5 years 
 16,952 
 87,992 

 89,789 
 184,814 

 13.
End of service benefits 

 Provisions
were established for gratuity benefits provided to the Group's expat employees in Oman, KSA, and Kuwait. The net liability
was accounted for as follows: 

 2017 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 
 
 January
 1 
 525,740 
 428,055 
 
 Charge
 for the year 
 140,121 
 153,310 
 
 Paid
 during the year 
 (61,476 ) 
 (55,625 ) 
 
 December
 31 
 604,385 
 525,740 

 Net
benefit expense (included in the staff cost) is recognized in consolidated profit or loss for fiscal 2016 and 2017 comprises the
following components: 

 As
 of December 31, 

 2017 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 
 
 Change
 in benefit obligations 

 Benefit
 obligations at the beginning of the year 
 525,740 
 428,055 
 
 Actuarial
 loss/(gain) 
 2,450 
 (1,082 ) 
 
 Service
 cost 
 119,704 
 154,547 
 
 Interest
 cost 
 17,967 
 1,318 
 
 Benefits
 paid 
 (61,476 ) 
 (57,098 ) 
 
 Plan
 amendments 
 - 
 - 
 
 Effect
 of exchange rate changes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Benefit
 obligations at the end of the year 
 604,385 
 525,740 

 Change
 in plan assets 

 Fair
 value of plan assets at the beginning of the year 
 - 
 - 
 
 Actual
 return on plan assets 
 - 
 - 
 
 Employer
 contributions 
 61,476 
 57,098 
 
 Benefits
 paid 
 (61,476 ) 
 (57,098 ) 
 
 Effect
 of exchange rate changes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Plan
 assets at the end of the year 
 - 
 - 
 
 Funded
 status 
 (604,385 ) 
 (525,740 ) 
 
 Prepaid
 benefit 
 - 
 - 

 F- 73 

 Net
cost for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 comprises the following components: 

 2017 RO
 
 2016
 RO 
 2015
 RO 
 
 Service
 cost 
 119,704 
 154,547 
 91,182 
 
 Interest
 cost 
 17,967 
 1,318 
 552 
 
 Expected
 return on assets 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Actuarial
 loss/(gain) 
 2,450 
 (1,082 ) 
 (453 ) 
 
 Plan
 amendments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 cost 
 140,121 
 154,783 
 91,281 

 The
principal assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as of December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 are set out below: 

 As
 of December 31, 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Discount
 rate 
 3.25 % 
 3.50 % 
 3.50 % 
 
 Future
 salary increases: 

 2018
 / 2017 
 0.5 % 
 1.5 % 
 1.5 % 
 
 2019
 / 2018 
 1.0 % 
 0.5 % 
 0.5 % 
 
 Thereafter 
 0.5%
 to 4 % 
 0.5%
 to 4 % 
 0.5%
 to 4 % 
 
 Termination
 rate: 

 2018
 - 2017 
 10 % 
 20 % 
 20 % 
 
 Thereafter 
 10 % 
 10 % 
 10 % 
 
 Retirement
 age 
 60 
 60 
 60 

 Sensitivity:
 If the future salary growth was adjusted by 0.5% in 2017, the liability would have decreased/ increased by RO 21,793 (2016:
decreased/ increased by RO 16,246, 2015: decreased/ increased by RO 17,121). 

 The
Group assesses these assumptions with its projected long-term plans of growth and prevalent industry standards. The sensitivity
analysis above have been determined based on a method that extrapolates the impact on the benefit obligation as a result of reasonable
changes in key assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period. The sensitivity analysis is based on a change in a significant
assumption, keeping all other assumptions constant. The sensitivity analysis may not be representative of an actual change in
the benefit obligation as it is unlikely that changes in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another. 

 The
Group has no regulatory requirement to fund these benefits in advance and intends to pay benefits directly as they fall due. The
Group has no trustee administrator investing in specifically designated instruments. As of December 31, 2017, the Group has no
plan assets to invest. 

 The
following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid: 

 Year
 ending December 31, 
 (RO) 
 
 2018 
 100,719 
 
 2019 
 79,968 
 
 2020 
 90,678 
 
 2021 
 110,283 
 
 2022 
 88,812 
 
 2023-2027 
 676,286 

 The
expected benefits are based on the same assumptions used to measure the Group's benefit obligations as of December 31, 2017.
The Group expects to contribute approximately RO 100,719 as direct payment of benefits during fiscal year 2018. 

 F- 74 

 14.
Trade and other payables 

 2017 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 

 Trade
 payables 
 7,972,509 
 10,165,828 
 
 Accruals
 and other payables 
 10,456,070 
 17,791,412 

 18,428,579 
 27,957,240 

 15.
Share capital and reserves 

 Share
capital 

 The
Company's authorized, issued and fully paid up share capital comprises RO 500,000 consisting of 500,000 ordinary shares
of RO 1 each (2016: RO 500,000 consisting of 500,000 ordinary shares of RO 1 each). 

 The
shareholding pattern at December 31, 2017 and 2016 is as follows: 

 2017 
 2016 

 % 
 RO 
 % 
 RO 
 
 Mubadarah
 Investment LLC, the Parent Company 
 56.90 
 284,500 
 90.9 
 454,500 
 
 Hilal
 Bin Hamed Saif Al Busaidi ("Hilal Al Busaidi") 
 2.05 
 10,250 
 2.05 
 10,250 
 
 Yasser
 Said Ahmed Al Barami ("Yasser Al Barami") 
 2.05 
 10,250 
 2.05 
 10,250 
 
 National
 Bank of Oman 
 - 
 - 
 5 
 25,000 
 
 NESR
 Holdings Ltd. ("NESRH") 
 11.70 
 58,500 
 - 
 - 
 
 SV3
 Holdings PTE. Ltd ("SCF") 
 27.30 
 136,500 
 - 
 - 

 100 
 500,000 
 100 
 500,000 

 On
November 8, 2017, the Company declared a dividend of RO 69.47 per share on its outstanding share capital aggregating to RO 34.74
million. 

 In
November 2017, pursuant to separate Sale and Purchase Agreements ("SPAs"), Mubadarah has sold 6.7% of its shareholding
to NESR Holdings Ltd. a company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and 27.3% shareholding to SV3 Holdings
PTE. Ltd., a company established under the laws of the Republic of Singapore. Further, National Bank of Oman ("NBO")
has sold 5% shareholding to NESR Holdings Ltd during the current year. These transactions resulted in Mubadarah's ownership
interest declining from 90.9% to 56.9%. 

 Consequent
to the SPAs, the Company: 

 i) 
 Assigned
 a trade receivable balance from one of its customers aggregating to RO 22.45 million
 to Mubadarah. Also refer to notes 9 and 22; 

 ii) 
 Eliminated
 the dividend payable of RO 34.74 million to Mubadarah against the amounts owed to the Company Refer to note 22; and 

 iii) 
 Received
 an amount of RO 7.69 million from Mubadarah against the amounts owed to the Company. Refer to note 22. 

 F- 75 

 Shareholder's
contribution 

 Shareholder's
contribution includes a funding of RO 4,057,390 provided by the Parent Company. This balance is non-interest bearing and the Company
has no obligation to repay this amount to the Parent Company. It can only be settled by issuing 4,057,390 number of equity shares
at par value of RO 1 per share after completing the necessary legal formalities. (Also refer to note 6) 

 Legal
reserve 

 The
Omani Commercial Companies Law of 1974 requires that 10% of an entity's net profit be transferred to a non-distributable
legal reserve until the amount of legal reserve becomes equal to one-third of the company's issued share capital. The legal
reserve is not available for distribution. 

 During
the year, RO 25,000 representing 10% of the profit of all eligible subsidiaries were transferred from retained earnings to legal
reserve (2016: RO 86,874; 2015: RO 5,880). 

 16.
Revenue 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 

 RO 
 RO 
 RO 

 Sale
 of tools, equipment and other products 
 15,366,543 
 18,314,516 
 31,337,882 
 
 Service
 income 
 56,728,730 
 62,940,987 
 52,044,770 

 72,095,273 
 81,255,503 
 83,382,652 
 
 Volume
 discount 
 (361,750 ) 
 (1,654,359 ) 
 (2,098,758 ) 

 71,733,523 
 79,601,144 
 81,283,894 

 F- 76 

 17.
Direct costs 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 

 RO 
 RO 
 RO 

 Operation
 costs 
 6,247,261 
 7,099,016 
 6,617,927 
 
 Materials
 and supplies 
 11,238,312 
 13,288,192 
 16,242,521 
 
 Equipment
 rental cost 
 3,416,135 
 5,860,930 
 5,513,948 
 
 Provisions
 for old and slow moving inventory 
 - 
 337,533 
 519,181 

 20,901,708 
 26,585,671 
 28,893,577 

 18.
Staff costs 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 

 RO 
 RO 
 RO 

 Salaries
 and allowances 
 17,090,155 
 17,347,455 
 17,159,436 
 
 End
 of service benefits 
 94,844 
 119,891 
 89,825 
 
 Other
 benefits 
 1,353,570 
 1,059,887 
 2,544,463 
 
 Social
 security costs 
 1,330,674 
 1,370,485 
 1,200,006 

 19,869,243 
 19,897,718 
 20,993,730 

 19.
Administrative and general expenses 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 

 RO 
 RO 
 RO 

 Staff
 costs 
 3,248,254 
 3,504,279 
 3,406,986 
 
 Insurance 
 228,487 
 349,070 
 530,892 
 
 Rent 
 38,999 
 59,532 
 287,370 
 
 Utilities 
 308,940 
 284,340 
 331,035 
 
 Legal
 and professional fee 
 986,439 
 364,372 
 365,409 
 
 Software
 and Support services 
 333,914 
 356,835 
 360,850 
 
 Provision
 for legal claim (1) 
 - 
 786,250 
 - 
 
 Provision
 for doubtful debts 
 - 
 513,171 
 45,682 
 
 Selling
 expenses 
 242,339 
 66,376 
 375,292 
 
 Depreciation 
 463,305 
 471,264 
 379,590 
 
 Miscellaneous
 expenses 
 871,297 
 1,315,462 
 1,462,002 

 6,721,974 
 8,070,951 
 7,545,108 

 (1)
 One of the subsidiaries of the Company, SGEE, where the Company has 95% equity interest as on December 31, 2017 (December
31, 2016: 51%), was a defendant in a legal case with its other shareholders who claimed that SGEE did not distribute its share
of profits with them. On October 25, 2017, the parties reached a consensual settlement agreement whereby the Company paid an amount
of RO 786,250 in respect of the claim of the other shareholders. 

 Staff
costs includes end of service benefits cost for the employees amounting to RO 45,277 (2016: RO 33,419 and 2015: RO 1,456). 

 F- 77 

 20.
Finance cost 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 

 RO 
 RO 
 RO 

 Interest
 on bank loans and borrowings 
 1,169,746 
 1,217,855 
 1,197,215 
 
 Bank
 charges and other financing costs 
 317,690 
 247,932 
 494,392 

 1,487,436 
 1,465,787 
 1,691,607 

 21.
Taxation 

 The
Group is subject to income tax at the rate of 15% (2016 and 2015: 12%) on taxable income in excess of RO 30,000. 

 (a)
Recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss 

 The
charge for the year comprises income tax for: 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 

 RO 
 RO 
 RO 

 Current
 year tax 
 3,258,898 
 2,563,574 
 2,027,874 
 
 Deferred
 tax 
 (437,943 ) 
 (349,272 ) 
 (145,502 ) 

 2,820,955 
 2,214,302 
 1,882,372 

 At
December 31, 2017, income tax payable is RO 3,302,831 (2016: RO 2,813,645). 

 b)
Deferred tax liabilities 

 Deferred
income taxes are calculated on all temporary differences under the liability method using a principal tax rate of 15% (2016 and
2015: 12%). Deferred tax liability in the consolidated statement of financial position and the deferred tax credit in the consolidated
statement of profit and loss relate to the tax effect of depreciation, provision of receivables, inventory and investments as
follows: 

 Recognized
 in 

 January
 1, 
 2017 
 consolidated
 statement of profit and loss 
 December
 31, 
 2017 

 RO 
 RO 
 RO 
 
 Tax
 effect of accelerated tax depreciation, provision of receivables, inventory and investments 
 266,564 
 (437,943 ) 
 (171,379 ) 

 F- 78 

 Recognized
 in 

 January
 1, 
 2016 
 consolidated
 statement of profit and loss 
 December
 31, 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 
 RO 
 
 Tax
 effect of accelerated tax depreciation 
 615,836 
 (349,272 ) 
 266,564 

 Tax
losses for which no deferred tax was recognized expire as follows: 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 

 RO 
 RO 
 RO 
 
 Tax
 losses carried forward 
 6,462,516 
 2,988,305 
 657,297 

 Expire 
 FY
 2023 
 FY
 2022 
 FY2021 
 
 Never
 expire 
 - 
 - 
 - 

 Unrecognized
deferred tax assets 

 Deferred
tax assets have not been recognized for the following items because it is more likely than not that future taxable profit will
be available against with the Group can use the benefits therefrom. 

 2017 
 2016 

 Gross
 value 
 Tax
 impact 
 Gross
 value 
 Tax
 impact 
 
 Deductible
 temporary difference 
 - 
 - 
 557,771 
 31,760 
 
 Tax
 loss 
 6,462,516 
 969,377 
 2,988,305 
 358,597 

 The
difference between the effective tax rate reflected in the provision for income taxes and the statutory rates are as follows: 

 Years
 ended December 31, 
 
 Reconciliation
 of effective tax rate 
 % 
 2017 
 % 
 2016 
 % 
 2015 

 Profit
 before tax from operation 
 
 16,826,524 
 
 14,525,061 
 
 13,979,822 
 
 Tax
 using the Company's domestic tax rate 
 15.00 
 2,523,979 
 12.00 
 1,743,007 
 12.00 
 1,677,579 

 Tax
 effect of: 

 Expenses/
 provision for which no deferred tax is recognized 
 0.94 
 158,732 
 0.57 
 82,893 
 0.12 
 17,039 
 
 Restatement
 of deferred tax 
 0.38 
 64,526 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Carry
 forward losses adjusted in current year for which no deferred tax asset was created in earlier years 
 0.63 
 105,423 
 2.68 
 389,071 
 1.20 
 168,199 
 
 Recognition
 of previously unrecognized deductible temporary differences 
 0.26 
 43,972 
 (0.03 ) 
 (4,951 ) 
 (0.41 ) 
 (57,074 ) 
 
 Change
 in estimates related to prior year 
 (0.52 ) 
 (87,326 ) 
 (0.06 ) 
 (8,457 ) 
 1.01 
 141,892 
 
 Non-deductible
 expenses and non-taxable income 
 0.07 
 11,649 
 0.09 
 12,739 
 (0.47 ) 
 (65,263 ) 
 
 Total 
 16.76 % 
 2,820,955 
 15.24 % 
 2,214,302 
 13.46 % 
 1,882,372 

 F- 79 

 (c)
Status of tax returns 

 The
tax assessments of the Company and various subsidiaries within the Group have not yet been agreed with the Secretariat General
for Taxation at the Ministry of Finance for tax years ranging from 2009 to 2016 depending on the entity wise status. 

 Management
is of the opinion that additional taxes, if any, related to the open tax years would not be significant to the Group's financial
position as at December 31, 2017. 

 22.
Related party transactions 

 Related
parties comprise the shareholders, key management personnel, subsidiary companies, jointly controlled entity and associate, business
entities in which the Company has the ability to control or exercise significant influence in financial and operating decisions
and other related parties which are a part of Mubadarah Investment LLC Group. In the ordinary course of business, such related
parties provide goods and render services to the Group and the Company provides advances to these related parties at mutually
agreed rates. 

 F- 80 

 During
the year, the values of balances due from / due to and significant transactions with related parties (other than those disclosed
elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements) are as follows: 

 (i) Amount
 due from related parties Current 

 2017 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 
 
 Due
 from the Parent 

 Mubadarah
 Investment LLC 
 (a) 
 - 
 6,930,000 
 
 Due
 from other related parties 

 Heavy
 Equipment Maintenance & Trading Company LLC 
 
 21,479 
 12,884 
 
 Gulf
 Polymer Technology LLC 
 
 - 
 333,845 
 
 Midwest
 Manufacturing Company LLC 
 
 - 
 592,905 
 
 Makamen
 Investment LLC 
 
 25,000 
 - 
 
 Colossal
 Engineering LLC 
 
 - 
 30,889 
 
 Al-Ghuwaif
 Petroleum Geo Science LLC 
 
 - 
 666,782 
 
 Vision
 Oil & Gas LLC 
 
 750 
 83,756 
 
 Rental
 Solution and Services LLC 
 
 14,351 
 2,500 
 
 Sadara
 Development and Investment LLC 
 
 108 
 83,474 
 
 Mubadarah
 Tourism LLC 
 
 - 
 3,411 
 
 Prime
 Business Solutions LLC 
 
 49,350 
 - 
 
 Al
 Maha Bunkering LLC 
 
 - 
 66,470 
 
 Makamen
 Petroleum LLC 
 
 - 
 135,122 
 
 Northern
 Oriental LLC 
 
 - 
 2,276 
 
 Bridge
 Investment and Commercial Agencies LLC 
 
 - 
 10,008 
 
 Mubadara
 Real Estate LLC 
 
 106 
 - 
 
 Colossal
 Engineering LLC 
 
 22,841 
 - 
 
 Isnaad
 Supplies LLC 
 
 88,466 
 - 
 
 Tasneea
 Oil and Gas Technology LLC 
 
 6,855 
 - 

 (b) 
 229,306 
 2,024,322 
 
 Due
 from Shareholders 

 Hilal
 Hamed Saif Al Busaidy 
 
 - 
 278,151 
 
 Yasser
 Said Ahmed Al Barami 
 
 192,642 
 175,051 

 (c) 
 192,642 
 453,202 

 (d)
 = (a) + (b) + (c) 
 421,948 
 9,407,524 

 F- 81 

 (ii) Amount
 due from related parties - Non current 

 2017 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 
 
 Due
 from the Parent 

 Mubadarah
 Investment LLC 
 (a) 
 - 
 8,484,776 
 
 Due
 from Associates 

 Tasneea
 Oil and Gas Technology LLC 
 
 - 
 141,901 
 
 Heavy
 Equipment Maintenance & Trading Company LLC 
 
 - 
 951,741 
 
 Flotek
 Gulf LLC 
 
 - 
 335,972 
 
 Flotek
 Gulf Research LLC 
 
 - 
 70,070 

 (b) 
 - 
 1,499,684 
 
 Due
 from other related parties 

 Wassim
 Assad 
 
 - 
 6,766 
 
 Mapco
 LLC 
 
 - 
 23,489 
 
 Maadin
 Enterprises LLC 
 
 - 
 180,041 

 (c) 
 - 
 210,296 

 (d)
 = (a) + (b) + (c) 
 - 
 10,194,756 

 (iii) Amount
 due to related parties Current 

 2017 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 
 
 Due
 to the Parent 

 Mubadarah
 Investment LLC 
 (a) 
 1,532,731 

 Due
 to Associates 

 Tasneea
 Oil and Gas Technology LLC 
 
 110,015 
 96,630 
 
 Heavy
 Equipment Maintenance & Trading Company LLC 
 
 143,855 
 66,174 

 (b) 
 253,870 
 162,804 
 
 Due
 to Jointly Controlled Entity 

 Senergy
 Gulf Solutions LLC 
 (c) 
 107,650 
 73,000 
 
 Due
 to other related parties 

 Mubadarah
 Real Estate LLC 
 
 - 
 2,302,775 
 
 Rental
 Solution and Services LLC 
 
 24,848 
 - 
 
 Sadara
 Development and Investment LLC 
 
 - 
 8,634 
 
 Mubadrah
 Energy LLC 
 
 - 
 16,302 
 
 Isnaad
 Supplies LLC 
 
 764,927 
 23,496 
 
 Independent
 Oil 
 
 - 
 2,264 
 
 Prime
 Business Solutions LLC 
 
 131,518 
 107,990 

 (d) 
 921,293 
 2,461,461 
 
 Due
 to shareholder 

 Hilal
 Hamed Saif Al Busaidy 
 (e) 
 117,596 
 372,157 

 (f)
 = (a) + (b) + (c) + (d) + (e) 
 2,933,140 
 3,069,422 

 Also,
refer notes 9 and 15 for details of assignment of a trade receivable to Mubadarah and note 15 for details of settlement by Mubadarah
of its amount owed to the Company. 

 F- 82 

 (iv) Amount
 due to related parties Non- current 

 2017 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 
 
 Due
 to other related party 

 Said
 Salim Shaksy 
 - 
 400,000 

 - 
 400,000 

 v)
Key management personnel transactions and balances: 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 

 RO 
 RO 
 RO 

 Salaries
 and allowances 

 Yasser
 Said Ahmed Al Barami, Chief Commerical Officer 
 530,660 
 483,902 
 448,625 
 
 Hilal
 Hamed Saif Al Busaidy, Chief Executive Officer 
 546,261 
 480,131 
 449,936 
 
 Shaima
 Saif Hamed Al Busaidy Treasury Manager 
 41,222 
 42,132 
 33,535 
 
 Nayankumar
 Vora, Chief Financial Officer 
 133,681 
 132,025 
 143,761 
 
 Said
 Amur Ali Al Habsi, Vice President 
 - 
 62,070 
 146,135 
 
 Hamza
 Sayed Hameed Qarooni, Vice President 
 162,800 
 47,160 
 - 
 
 Wassim
 Assad, Vice President 
 - 
 - 
 38,442 

 1,414,624 
 1,247,420 
 1,260,434 
 
 Advances
 * 

 Yasser
 Said Ahmed Al Barami, Chief Commercial Officer 
 1,618,184 
 1,318,185 
 1,073,931 
 
 Hilal
 Hamed Saif Al Busaidy, Chief Executive Officer 
 121,376 
 78,461 
 (62,051 ) 
 
 Nayankumar
 Vora, Chief Financial Officer 
 315 
 385 
 - 
 
 Hamza
 Sayed Hameed Qarooni, Vice President 
 - 
 462,000 
 - 

 1,739,875 
 1,859,031 
 1,011,880 

 *
 These represent short-term advances to key management personnel for personal use. The advances are unsecured, non-interest
bearing and are repayable on demand. These advances are to be settled on or prior to the closing of the NESR transaction as described
in note 27. Also, refer to note 9. 

 F- 83 

 vi)
Related party transactions 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 

 RO 
 RO 
 RO 

 Management
 fee from other related parties 
 - 
 18,480 
 - 
 
 Finance
 income from the Parent Company 
 617,878 
 548,131 
 306,925 
 
 Finance
 income from an Associate 
 1,484 
 1,490 
 - 
 
 Rental
 income from other related parties 
 27,538 
 38,666 
 - 
 
 Rental
 income from the Parent Company 
 7,074 
 11,568 
 - 
 
 Rental
 income from an Associate 
 63,744 
 137,586 
 9,140 
 
 Land
 and building purchased from other related party 
 - 
 - 
 3,750,000 
 
 Purchases
 from other related party 
 1,900,991 
 355,740 
 - 
 
 Purchases
 from an associate 
 161,266 
 276,782 
 1,100,808 
 
 Dividend
 paid to the Parent Company (refer to note 15) 
 34,735,000 
 - 
 - 
 
 Sales
 to an associate 
 21,955 
 - 
 - 

 Finance
income comprises 6.5% per annum interest on related party receivables (net). 

 (vii)
Subordinated loans from related parties 

 2017 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 

 Islamic
 Finance PJSC (1) 
 - 
 1,502,160 
 
 Mubadarah
 Investment LLC 
 171,000 
 171,000 

 171,000 
 1,673,160 

 (1)
One of the Subsidiaries, SGEE had obtained loans from its shareholders. These subordinated loans were not repayable until all
liabilities to National Bank of Oman SAOG were settled in full. Management could obtain permission from National Bank of Oman
SAOG for early settlement of subordinated loans. During the current year, on account of acquisition of the non-controlling interest
in SGEE by GES, the subordinated loan provided by the erstwhile shareholders, Islamic Finance PJSC was replaced with loan from
GES and Islamic Finance PJSC loan was paid. The loan from GES to SGEE is eliminated in these consolidated financial statements. 

 These
subordinated loans are interest free and do not have any repayment schedule. 

 F- 84 

 23.
Contingent liabilities and commitments 

 Contingent
liabilities 

 Litigations 

 a)
 The Group is involved in certain legal cases with some of its erstwhile employees for
labor related matters that have arisen from time to time in the Sultanate of Oman. A number of these matters relate to claims
for compensation for dismissal, payment of salary arrears, allowance of overtime hours, cancellation of decision to terminate
and reinstatement of employment. These matters which are presently in different stages of legal proceedings in the Courts of the
Sultanate of Oman are subject to uncertainties and therefore the probability of a loss, if any, being sustained and an estimate
of the amount of any loss are difficult to ascertain. Consequently, for a majority of these claims, it is not possible to make
a reasonable estimate of the expected financial effect, if any, that will result from ultimate resolution of these disputes. The
Group is contesting these claims/disputes and the Group's management believes that presently provision against these potential
claims is not required as the ultimate outcome of these disputes would not have a material impact on the Group's financial
position. 

 b) The
Company was defendant in a claim before a sole arbitrator in an arbitration initiated by a party, namely, Falcon Oil Services
Company LLC ("Falcon") ("the claimant") requesting for USD 1.78 million for breach of contract and the
amount of USD 1 million in compensation for damages and arbitration fees. In the year 2013, the Company had entered into a contract
with a Yemen based company ("the customer") and sub contracted the contract to Falcon. Falcon carried out the work
in Yemen for a week and then cancelled the contract and sued the Company for not providing sufficient security in Yemen. The Arbitration
award which was rendered on January 18, 2017 was in favor of the claimant in which the Arbitrator awarded them USD 0.871 million
with an interest of 6% since the date of the Arbitration award until full payment of the award. The Company then filed a case
against the Arbitration award before the Court of Appeal in Muscat, Sultanate of Oman on March 14, 2017 requesting to nullify
the Arbitration award and to freeze its execution until the Court has reached a decision about the claim. The Court of Appeal
rendered a decision on the 30 April 2017 in favor of the Company. The Claimant filed a Statement of Objection ("the SOA")
on May 29, 2017 objecting the decision from the Court of Appeal. On July 26, 2017, the Court rendered a decision to freeze the
enforcement of the judgment until it has reached a final decision on the SOA. On September 21, 2017, the Company has submitted
a final memorandum to the Supreme Court. 

 The
management intends to contest this matter and believes that it has a strong case on the merits due to non-availability of evidence
with the claimant. Further, the management believes that the ultimate outcome of this matter is unlikely to result in any liabilities
for the Group. 

 c) SGEE,
one of the subsidiaries, was a defendant in a claim before an appeal in Muscat Primary Court 
filed by a party, namely, Al-Nukhba Al-lthihadiya Trading LLC ("Al-Nukhba") ("the
claimant") requesting for RO 3.0 million as a compensation for the loss of procurement and its resulting damages. Al-Nukhba
was also seeking to nullify a contract between Schlumberger LLC and SGEE and subsequently seek to
acquire the contract under its name. 

 The
Court of Appeal rendered a decision on the November 5, 2017 in favor of SGEE, approving the Primary Court judgment which declined
Al-Nukhba's claim. 

 Recently
SGEE found out that Al-Nukhba has filed an objection with the Supreme Court, the notice of which is yet to be served. 

 The
management intends to contest this matter, when the formal notice is served by the Supreme Court and believes that the ultimate
outcome of this matter is unlikely to result in any liabilities to SGEE. 

 d) Letter
 of guarantee 

 2017 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 

 Letter
 of guarantee 
 3,805,339 
 3,401,671 

 During
2016, the Company had given a corporate guarantee for loan facility of the Parent Company, Mubadarah of RO 18,000,000 with a local
bank out of which RO 14,850,000 was outstanding at the December 31, 2016. This corporate guarantee was cancelled during 2017 and
no amount is outstanding at December 31, 2017. 

 F- 85 

 Commitments 

 e) 
 Operating
 lease: the Company has taken land and building on cancellable operating lease agreements that are renewable on a periodic
 basis at the option of both the lessor and the lessee. The operating lease agreements extend up to a maximum of 25 years from
 their respective dates of inception and some of these lease agreements have price escalation clause. 

 Rental
 payments under such leases were RO 737,856, 735,489 and 431,396 for the year ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 respectively. 

 f) 
 At
 December 31, 2017, there were capital commitments amounting to RO 1,734,863 (2016: RO 1,671,245). 

 g) 
 The
 Group has outstanding letters of credit amounting to RO 482,025 as at 31 December 2017 (2016: RO 792,438). 

 24.
Financial risk management 

 Financial
instruments carried on the consolidated statement of financial position comprise trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents,
trade and other payables and amount due to and due from related parties. 

 The
Group has exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments: 

 (i)
Credit risk 

 (ii)
Liquidity risk; and 

 (iii)
Market risk 

 This
note presents information about the Group's exposure to each of the above risks, the Group's objectives, policies
and processes for measuring and managing risk, and the Group's management of capital. 

 Management
have overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group's risk management framework. The Group's
risk management policies are established to identify and analyze the risks faced by the Group, to set appropriate risk limits
and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. 

 Risk
management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to ensure they reflect any changes in market conditions and the Group's
activities. 

 Credit
risk 

 Credit
risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will fail to discharge an obligation and cause the other party to incur
a financial loss and arises principally from cash and cash equivalents, as well as credit exposures to customers, including outstanding
receivables and committed transactions. 

 The
carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting
date was: 

 2017 

 2016 

 RO 

 RO 

 Trade
 and other receivables 

 28,342,775 

 44,933,401 

 Amount
 due from related parties 

 421,948 

 19,602,280 

 Cash
 in hand and at bank 

 2,597,832 

 2,109,330 

 31,362,555 

 66,645,011 

 F- 86 

 The
Group's exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer. The demographics
of Group's customer base, including the default risk of the industry in which customers operate, has less of an influence
on credit risk. 

 21%
(2016: 20%) of the Group's receivables are due from one customer. Also, the Group earns 50% to 55% of its revenue from this
customer. The Group considers the risk arising from the concentration of the credit to be low as the party is a Quasi Government
entity and considered highly creditable by the Export Credit Guarantee Agency. 

 The
credit quality of customers is assessed by taking into account their financial position, past experience and other factors. The
Group ensures the collectability of the trade receivables by following up of the receivables within the contracted period. 

 As
of December 31, the ageing of unimpaired trade receivables and retentions is as follows: 

 2017 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 

 Not
 past due 
 5,241,878 
 8,485,623 
 
 Past
 due 1-30 days 
 721,268 
 5,708,674 
 
 Past
 due 31-60 days 
 1,287,279 
 1,044,001 
 
 Past
 due 60 days 
 3,960,089 
 13,219,011 

 11,210,514 
 28,457,309 

 The
amounts are considered to be due after 30 days from the date of invoice. Unimpaired receivables are expected, on the basis of
past experience, to be fully recoverable. It is not the practice of the Group to obtain collateral against receivables. The maximum
exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of each financial asset in the consolidated statement of financial
position. 

 Liquidity
risk 

 Liquidity
risk is the risk that a Group may be unable to meet short term financial demands. This usually occurs due to the inability to
convert a security or hard asset to cash without a loss of capital and/or income in the process. 

 Prudent
liquidity risk management includes maintaining sufficient cash, the availability of funding from an adequate amount of committed
credit limits. The Group maintains flexibility in grouping by maintaining availability under committed credit lines. The table
below analyses the Group's financial liabilities based on the remaining period at the reporting date to the contractual
maturity date. 

 The
following are the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities at the reporting date. The amounts are gross and undiscounted,
and include estimated interest payments and excludes the impact of netting arrangements: 

 F- 87 

 Less
 than 1 

 Between
 1 

 More
 than 2 

 Carrying 

 year 

 and
 2 years 

 years 

 Total 

 value 
 RO 

 RO 

 RO 

 RO 

 RO 

 At
 December 31, 2017 

 Subordinated
 loans from related parties 

 171,000 

 - 

 - 

 171,000 

 171,000 

 Loans
 and borrowings 

 18,795,799 

 19,185,387 

 787,267 

 196,816 

 20,169,470 

 Finance
 lease liabilities 

 89,789 

 76,570 

 17,126 

 - 

 93,696 

 Trade
 and other payables 

 18,428,579 

 18,428,579 

 - 

 - 

 18,428,579 

 Short
 term bank borrowings 

 2,451,380 

 2,451,380 

 - 

 - 

 2,451,380 

 Due
 to related parties 

 2,933,140 

 2,933,140 

 - 

 - 

 2,933,140 

 42,869,687 

 43,075,056 

 804,393 

 367,816 

 44,247,265 

 At
 December 31, 2016 

 Subordinated
 loans from related parties 

 1,673,160 

 - 

 - 

 1,673,160 

 1,673,160 

 Loans
 and borrowings 

 22,311,191 

 5,899,995 

 5,672,767 

 12,442,175 

 24,014,937 

 Finance
 lease liabilities 

 184,184 

 96,822 

 71,036 

 16,956 

 184,814 

 Trade
 and other payables 

 27,957,240 

 27,170,990 

 - 

 - 

 27,957,240 

 Short
 term bank borrowings 

 3,809,360 

 3,809,360 

 - 

 - 

 3,809,360 

 Due
 to related parties 

 3,469,422 

 3,069,422 

 - 

 400,000 

 3,469,422 

 59,404,557 

 40,046,589 

 5,743,803 

 14,532,291 

 61,108,933 

 Market
risk 

 Market
risk is the risk that changes in the market prices such as foreign exchange rates, interest rate and equity prices will affect
the Group's income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objectives of market risk management is to
manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimizing return. 

 Interest
rate risk 

 Interest
rate risk is the risk associated to the fluctuations in market interest rates and the effect it has on the financial position
and cash flows of the Group. The risk arises when interest-bearing financial assets and liabilities are affected by the interest
rate volatility within a specified period. 

 The
Group is exposed to interest rate risk primarily on its long term LIBOR based loans and working capital facilities from National
Bank of Oman SAOG and Ahli Bank. 

 A
change of 100 basis points in interest rates at the reporting date would have increased / (decreased) profit or loss by the amounts
shown below: 

 Profit
 or loss 

 100
 bp 
 100
 bp 

 Increase 
 (Decrease) 

 RO 
 RO 
 
 December
 31, 2017 
 179,792 
 (179,792 ) 
 
 December
 31, 2016 
 254,005 
 (254,005 ) 
 
 December
 31, 2015 
 311,571 
 (311,571 ) 

 Foreign
exchange risk 

 Foreign
exchange risk is the risk that any foreign currency positions taken by the Group may be adversely affected due to volatility in
exchange rates. The Group manages the risks through regular monitoring of the currency markets to determine appropriate action
to minimize the foreign exchange risk exposure. Majority of the foreign currency transactions are either in US Dollar or in currencies
linked to US Dollar. However the Group is also exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from purchases in Euro and Kuwaiti Dinar
("KWD"). At the year end, the Group does not have any significant liability denominated in Euro and KWD and hence
management believes should these currencies weaken or strengthen against the Rial Omani there would be no significant impact in
the post-tax profits. 

 Capital
management 

 The
Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern in order
to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce
the cost of capital. 

 F- 88 

 In
order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt. 

 The
Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital. Net debt
is calculated as total borrowings (including current and non-current borrowings as shown in the consolidated statement of financial
position) less cash and cash equivalents. Total capital is calculated as equity as shown in the consolidated statement of financial
position plus net debt. 

 2017 
 2016 

 RO 
 RO 

 Total
 borrowings (including bank overdraft and bill discounting) 
 21,247,179 
 25,400,551 
 
 Less:
 cash in hand and at bank 
 (2,597,832 ) 
 (2,109,330 ) 
 
 Net
 debt 
 18,649,347 
 23,291,221 
 
 Total
 equity 
 42,637,137 
 67,285,079 
 
 Total
 capital 
 61,286,484 
 90,576,300 

 Gearing
 ratio 
 30 % 
 26 % 

 25.
Non-controlling interest 

 December
 31, 2017 

 Sino
 Gulf 

 Other 

 Total 

 NCI
 Percentage 
 
 5% 

 0.01-25% 

 RO 

 RO 

 RO 

 Non-current
 assets 

 4,695,596 

 33,249,099 

 37,944,695 

 Current
 assets 

 31,540,340 

 50,393,153 

 81,933,493 

 Non-current
 liabilities 

 (2,763,287 
 ) 

 (10,478,590 
 ) 

 (13,241,877 
 ) 
 
 Current
 Liabilities 

 (10,587,276 
 ) 

 (51,844,102 
 ) 

 (62,431,378 
 ) 
 
 Net
 assets 

 22,885,373 

 21,319,560 

 44,204,933 

 Carrying
 amount of NCI 

 1,144,269 

 965,511 

 2,109,780 

 Revenue 

 13,207,258 

 60,643,084 

 73,850,342 

 Profit 

 3,741,089 

 9,872,474 

 13,613,563 

 Total
 profit and other comprehensive income 

 3,741,089 

 9,872,474 

 13,613,563 

 Profit
 allocated to NCI 

 1,449,667 

 207,906 

 1,657,573 

 Cash
 flows from operating activities 

 1,274,877 

 27,369,603 

 28,644,480 

 Cash
 flows from investing activities 

 (159,
 067 
 ) 

 (34,883,936 
 ) 

 (35,043,003 
 ) 
 
 Cash
 flows from financing activities 

 (832,404 
 ) 

 8,554,270 

 7,721,866 

 Net
 increase in cash and cash equivalents 

 283,406 

 1,039,937 

 1,323,343 

 F- 89 

 December
 31, 2016 

 Sino
 Gulf 
 Other 
 Total 
 
 NCI
 Percentage 
 49% 
 0.1%-18% 

 RO 
 RO 
 RO 

 Non-current
 assets 
 23,129,805 
 42,155,161 
 65,284,966 
 
 Current
 assets 
 10,659,701 
 51,058,135 
 61,717,836 
 
 Non-current
 liabilities 
 (3,782,426 ) 
 (23,062,612 ) 
 (26,845,038 ) 
 
 Current
 Liabilities 
 (10,745,447 ) 
 (25,557,169 ) 
 (36,302,616 ) 
 
 Net
 assets 
 19,261,633 
 44,593,515 
 63,855,148 
 
 Carrying
 amount of NCI 
 9,438,200 
 1,110,207 
 10,548,407 
 
 Revenue 
 17,694,299 
 67,711,112 
 85,405,411 
 
 Profit 
 3,227,909 
 10,748,017 
 13,975,926 
 
 Total
 profit and other comprehensive income 
 3,227,909 
 10,748,017 
 13,975,926 
 
 Profit
 allocated to NCI 
 1,581,675 
 341,215 
 1,922,890 
 
 Cash
 flows from operating activities 
 7,423,635 
 7,810,389 
 15,234,024 
 
 Cash
 flows from investing activities 
 (685,720 ) 
 (3,699,556 ) 
 (4,385,276 ) 
 
 Cash
 flows from financing activities 
 (6,626,316 ) 
 (4,013,885 ) 
 (10,640,201 ) 
 
 Net
 increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 111,599 
 96,948 
 208,547 

 December
 31, 2015 

 Sino
 Gulf 
 Other 
 Total 
 
 NCI
 Percentage 
 49% 
 0.1%-18% 

 RO 
 RO 
 RO 

 Non-current
 assets 
 13,632,674 
 47,433,373 
 61,066,047 
 
 Current
 assets 
 14,402,877 
 40,781,383 
 55,184,260 
 
 Non-current
 liabilities 
 (4,328,023 ) 
 (18,639,825 ) 
 (22,967,848 ) 
 
 Current
 Liabilities 
 (7,673,797 ) 
 (35,732,077 ) 
 (43,405,874 ) 
 
 Net
 assets 
 16,033,731 
 33,842,854 
 49,876,585 
 
 Carrying
 amount of NCI 
 7,856,528 
 768,989 
 8,625,517 
 
 Revenue 
 19,286,309 
 67,918,952 
 87,205,261 
 
 Profit 
 3,442,123 
 9,648,991 
 13,091,114 
 
 Total
 profit and other comprehensive income 
 3,442,123 
 9,648,991 
 13,091,114 
 
 Profit/(loss)
 allocated to NCI 
 1,686,640 
 (9,524 ) 
 1,677,116 
 
 Cash
 flows from operating activities 
 2,109,572 
 15,127,621 
 17,237,193 
 
 Cash
 flows from investing activities 
 (1,492,191 ) 
 (6,748,585 ) 
 (8,240,776 ) 
 
 Cash
 flows from financing activities 
 (813,985 ) 
 (7,581,826 ) 
 (8,395,811 ) 
 
 Net
 (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (196,604 ) 
 797,210 
 600,606 

 26.
Other Income 

 2017 
 2016 
 2015 

 RO 
 RO 
 RO 

 Gain
 on sale of property, plant and equipment 
 461,591 
 - 
 - 
 
 Others 
 1,159,742 
 1,232,743 
 903,930 

 1,621,333 
 1,232,743 
 903,930 

 F- 90 

 27.
Business acquisitions and subsequent events 

 The
Group evaluates subsequent events and transactions that occur after the balance sheet date up to the date that the consolidated
financial statements are issued. Other than as described below, the Group did not identify any subsequent events that would have
required adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements. 

 On
November 12, 2017, the Group entered into definitive agreement with National Energy Services Reunited Corp. ("NESR")
to effect a merger pursuant to which the Company will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of NESR. NESR will acquire the Company
in two separate closings, in exchange for consideration valuation of $282,300 thousand by the issuance of NESR ordinary shares,
valued at $10.00 per share. Potential earn-out mechanisms enable the Group's shareholders to receive additional consideration
after the NESR Closing Date, based on the financial results of the Group in fiscal year 2018. NESR is subject to certain penalties
for delays in receiving shareholder approval to complete the transaction. The transaction is subject to NESR's stockholder
approval and other customary closing conditions. 

 F- 91 

 Subsequent
to the balance sheet date, and in line with the SPA (refer note 15), the Company has acquired additional shares in the following
subsidiary, whereby the Non-controlling interests in this subsidiary will be extinguished . 

 Name
 of the Subsidiary 
 
 Shareholding
 acquired 
 
 Date
 of acquisition 
 
 Consideration paid 
 
 Sino
 Gulf Energy Enterprises LLC 
 
 5% 
 
 January
 24, 2018 
 
 RO
 154,000 

 F- 92 

 ANNEX
A 

 NPS
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

 STOCK
PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

 by
and among 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP., 

 HANA
INVESTMENTS CO. WLL, 

 NPS
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 and 

 THE
SELLING STOCKHOLDERS 

 Dated
as of November 12, 2017 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

 Page 

 Article
 I DEFINITIONS 
 
 1 

 1.1 
 Certain
 Definitions 
 
 1 
 
 1.2 
 Terms
 Defined Elsewhere in this Agreement 
 
 10 
 
 1.3 
 Other
 Definitional and Interpretive Matters 
 
 11 

 Article
 II SALE AND PURCHASE OF SHARES, PURCHASE PRICE; CLOSING 
 
 12 

 2.1 
 Sale
 and Purchase of Shares 
 
 12 
 
 2.2 
 Consideration 
 
 13 
 
 2.3 
 Company
 Receivable 
 
 13 
 
 2.4 
 Leakage 
 
 14 
 
 2.5 
 Resolution
 of Accounting Dispute 
 
 15 
 
 2.6 
 Closing
 Date 
 
 15 
 
 2.7 
 Closing
 Deliverables 
 
 17 
 
 2.8 
 Olayan
 NESR Share Exchange 
 
 18 
 
 2.9 
 Earn-Out
 Payment 
 
 18 
 
 2.10 
 Management
 Alignment 
 
 20 
 
 2.11 
 Right
 of First Refusal 
 
 20 
 
 2.12 
 PIPE 
 
 21 

 Article
 III WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE SELLING STOCKHOLDERS 
 
 21 

 3.1 
 Organization 
 
 21 
 
 3.2 
 Authorization
 of Agreement 
 
 22 
 
 3.3 
 Conflicts;
 Consents of Third Parties 
 
 22 
 
 3.4 
 Ownership
 and Transfer of Shares 
 
 22 
 
 3.5 
 Related
 Party Agreements 
 
 22 
 
 3.6 
 Litigation 
 
 22 

 Article
 IV WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER 
 
 23 

 4.1 
 Organization
 and Good Standing 
 
 23 
 
 4.2 
 Authorization
 of Agreement 
 
 23 
 
 4.3 
 Conflicts;
 Consents of Third Parties 
 
 23 
 
 4.4 
 Proxy
 Process 
 
 24 
 
 4.5 
 Litigation 
 
 24 
 
 4.6 
 Financial
 Advisors 
 
 24 

 Article
 V WARRANTIES OF NESR 
 
 24 

 5.1 
 Liabilities 
 
 24 
 
 5.2 
 Proxy 
 
 24 
 
 5.3 
 NESR
 Trust 
 
 25 
 
 5.4 
 Equity
 Stock 
 
 25 

 Article
 VI COVENANTS 
 
 25 

 6.1 
 Access
 to Information; Confidentiality 
 
 25 

 i 

 6.2 
 Conduct
 of Group Business Pending NESR Closing 
 
 26 
 
 6.3 
 NESR
 Group Conduct Pending the NESR Closing 
 
 27 
 
 6.4 
 No
 Further Actions 
 
 27 
 
 6.5 
 Third
 Party Consents 
 
 27 
 
 6.6 
 No
 Shop 
 
 28 
 
 6.7 
 Non-Solicitation;
 Confidentiality 
 
 29 
 
 6.8 
 Preservation
 of Records 
 
 30 
 
 6.9 
 Publicity 
 
 30 
 
 6.10 
 Use
 of Name 
 
 31 
 
 6.11 
 Cooperation
 with Proxy Process 
 
 31 
 
 6.12 
 NPS
 Co-Investment Plan 
 
 31 
 
 6.13 
 NPS
 LTIP 
 
 31 
 
 6.14 
 Related-Party
 Transactions with Non-Management Affiliates 
 
 31 
 
 6.15 
 Notification
 of Certain Matters 
 
 32 
 
 6.16 
 Resignation
 of Directors 
 
 32 
 
 6.17 
 Management 
 
 32 
 
 6.18 
 Fraud 
 
 32 
 
 6.19 
 Satisfaction
 of Condition 
 
 32 
 
 6.20 
 Listing
 of Purchaser Common Stock 
 
 34 

 Article
 VII CONDITION TO NESR CLOSING 
 
 34 

 7.1 
 Condition
 Precedent to Obligations of Purchaser and Selling Stockholder 
 
 34 
 
 7.2 
 Termination 
 
 34 
 
 7.3 
 Simultaneous
 completion 
 
 34 

 Article
 VIII LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY 
 
 34 

 8.1 
 Survival
 of Warranties 
 
 34 
 
 8.2 
 Claim
 Procedures 
 
 35 
 
 8.3 
 Limitations
 for Breaches of Representations and Warranties 
 
 36 
 
 8.4 
 OFS
 Investments Limited 
 
 37 

 Article
 IX MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 37 

 9.1 
 Expenses 
 
 37 
 
 9.2 
 Transaction
 Expenses 
 
 37 
 
 9.3 
 Confidential
 Information 
 
 38 
 
 9.4 
 No
 Claim Against NESR Trust 
 
 38 
 
 9.5 
 Submission
 to Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process; Arbitration 
 
 39 
 
 9.6 
 Governing
 Law 
 
 39 
 
 9.7 
 Entire
 Agreement; Amendments and Waivers 
 
 39 
 
 9.8 
 Notices 
 
 40 
 
 9.9 
 Severability 
 
 41 
 
 9.10 
 Binding
 Effect; Assignment 
 
 41 
 
 9.11 
 Non-Recourse 
 
 41 
 
 9.12 
 Counterparts 
 
 41 

 ii 

 Exhibits 

 EXHIBIT
A Selling Stockholders Information 

 EXHIBIT
B 

 -
EBITDA Calculation and Governance 

 Schedule 

 Schedule
 6.14 
 Related
 Party Transactions 

 iii 

 STOCK
PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

 This
 STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT , dated effective 12 November, 2017 (the " Agreement "), by and among National
Energy Services Reunited Corp., a corporation existing under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (" NESR "),
Hana Investments Co. WLL, formed under the laws of Bahrain and with its registered address at Office 205, Building 111, Manama
Center, Road 383, Block 304, Bahrain (" Olayan " and together with NESR, the " Purchaser "),
NPS Holdings Limited, a company limited by shares existing under the laws of the Dubai International Financial Centre (the " Company ")
and the shareholders of the Company listed on the signature pages hereof under the heading "Selling Stockholders"
(collectively, the " Selling Stockholders "). 

 W
I T N E S S E T H 

 WHEREAS ,
the Selling Stockholders own an aggregate of 370,000,000 shares $1.00 par value per share (the " Company Shares "),
of the Company, which constitute all of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company; and 

 WHEREAS ,
the Selling Stockholders desire to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser desires to purchase from the Selling Stockholders,
the Company Shares along with any undertaking which is a subsidiary undertaking of the Company upon the terms and conditions hereinafter
set forth. 

 NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter contained, the parties hereby
agree as follows: 

 Article
I 
 DEFINITIONS 

 1.1 Certain
Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings specified in this Section
 1.1: 

 " 2018
Financial Year " shall mean the year commencing on 1 January 2018 and ending on 31 December 2018. 

 " 2018
NESR EBITDA " shall mean the EBITDA for 2018 Financial Year. 

 " Accounting
Policies " shall mean policies applied by the Company prior to the NESR Closing Date under IFRS in order to prepare
its consolidated audited accounts for the financial year ending on 31 December 2016 and consistent with all internationally accepted
conversion practices to conform to US GAAP. 

 " Agreed
Form " shall mean, in relation to a document, the form of that document which has been initialed on or around the
date hereof for the purposes of identification by or on behalf of each Selling Stockholder and each Purchaser. 

 1 

 " Annual
Budget " shall mean the consolidated annual budget of the Group for the relevant financial year, as adopted by the
board of directors of the Company. 

 " Affiliate "
shall mean with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls,
or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person, and the term "control" (including the terms " controlled
by " and " under common control with ") means the possession, directly or indirectly, of
the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through ownership of voting
securities, by contract or otherwise, provided that the term "Affiliate" shall not include: (a) in respect of any
Selling Stockholder, any Group Company; and (b) in respect of OFS Investments Limited and Castle SPC Limited, any portfolio company
of OFS Investments Limited or of Castle SPC Limited or of any of their Affiliates. 

 " Base
Receivable Amount " shall mean $48 million. 

 " Business
Day " shall mean any day of the year except Friday, Saturday and Sunday on which national banking institutions in
the UAE and New York, United States of America are open to the public for conducting general commercial business and are not required
or authorized to close. 

 " Company
Receivable Daily Amount " shall mean, in respect of each Selling Stockholder: (a) the amount set forth against such
Selling Stockholder's name in column (2), Section B, Part 2 of Exhibit A ; multiplied by (b) the proportion
(expressed as a percentage) of the Base Receivable Amount set forth against such Selling Stockholder's name in column (4)
of Part 1 of Exhibit A which has not been received by such Selling Stockholder in cash as at 1 January 2018. 

 " Contract "
shall mean any contract, agreement, indenture, note, bond, mortgage, loan, instrument, lease, license, commitment or other arrangement,
understanding, undertaking, commitment or obligation, whether written or oral. 

 " Consolidated
Net Income " shall mean for any period the net income or loss of the NESR Group for such period determined on a consolidated
basis in accordance with the Accounting Policies. 

 " De-SPAC
Approval " shall mean the vote of the stockholders of NESR required to approve the De-SPAC Stockholder Voting Matters,
in each case obtained in accordance with: (i) NESR's Memorandum and Articles of Association (as amended); (ii) the Laws
to which NESR is subject; and (iii) the rules and regulations of NASDAQ. 

 " De-SPAC
Stockholder Voting Matters " shall mean proposals to: (i) approve the adoption of this Agreement and the approval
of the purchase by NESR of the Company Shares in accordance with the terms hereof; and (ii) approve the adoption of the GES Transaction
Documents and the approval of the purchase by NESR of the GES Shares in accordance with the terms thereof. 

 " DIFC "
shall mean the Dubai International Financial Centre. 

 2 

 " DIFC
Authority " shall mean the Dubai International Financial Centre Authority. 

 " Earn-Out
Equity Stock " shall mean the First EBITDA Earn-Out Equity Stock and/or the Second EBITDA Earn-Out Equity Stock. 

 " EBITDA "
shall mean, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period: 

 (a) plus,
without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of: (i) consolidated net financial
expense for such period; (ii) consolidated expense for Tax based on income, profits or capital for such period; (iii) all amounts
attributable to depreciation and amortization for such period; (iv) any non-recurring fees, expenses or charges in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby, the De-SPAC Approval, the Proxy or any offering of equity interests or indebtedness
(whether or not consummated); (v) any decrease in Consolidated Net Income for such period resulting from purchase accounting in
connection with any acquisition including in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby; (vi) any write-down of capital,
property, plant or equipment or any impairment of the business of any member of the NESR Group or a material part thereof; (vii)
any extraordinary charges (by virtue of their size or nature) and which are outside the ordinary course of the business of any
member of the NESR Group; (viii) any commissions, discounts, yield and upfront and other fees or charges related to any receivables
financing for such period; (ix) any other amounts for such period comparable to or in the nature of interest under any receivables
financing, and losses on dispositions of securitization assets and related assets in connection with any receivables financing
for such period; (x) any losses recorded on the sales of assets outside the ordinary course of business of any member of the NESR
Group; (xi) any unrealised loss resulting in such period from translation losses including those related to currency re-measurements
of any borrowings and outstanding indebtedness in the nature of borrowings; (xii) any losses attributable to the early extinguishment
of borrowings and outstanding indebtedness in the nature of borrowings or the early extinguishment of derivative agreements; (xiii)
any expenses arising from equity allocated to directors or employees of NESR; and (xiv) any unrealised losses attributable to
foreign exchange and commodity derivatives; and 

 (b) minus,
without duplication and to the extent included in determining such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of: (i) any gains which are
extraordinary (by virtue of their size or nature) and which are outside the ordinary course of the business of any member of the
NESR Group; (ii) any gains recorded on the sales of assets outside the ordinary course of business of any member of the NESR Group;
(iii) any unrealised gain resulting in such period from translation gains including those related to currency re-measurements
of any borrowings and outstanding indebtedness in the nature of borrowings; (iv) any gains attributable to the early extinguishment
of borrowings and outstanding indebtedness in the nature of borrowings or the early extinguishment of derivative agreements; and
(v) any unrealised gains attributable to foreign exchange and commodity derivatives. 

 " Encumbrances "
shall mean a burden, obstruction, or impediment on property that lessens its value or makes it less marketable, and shall include
any security interest, mortgage, charge, pledge, hypothecation, lien, adverse claim, right to acquire or other form of security,
including any restriction on the use, voting, transfer or receipt of income and any other agreement to give or create any of the
foregoing. 

 3 

 " Equity
Stock " shall mean the common stock of NESR at a value of $10 per share. 

 " Exchange
Act " shall mean the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

 " GES "
shall mean Gulf Energy S.A.O.C., a closed joint stock company registered in Oman under Commercial Registration No. 1791842, with
its registered office address at P.O. Box 786, Postal Code 116, Mina Al Fahal, Oman. 

 " GES
Shares " shall mean the entire issued share capital of GES as of immediately prior to NESR Closing. 

 " GES
Transaction Documents " shall mean: (a) the agreement for the sale and purchase of shares in GES amongst Mubadarah
Investments LLC, Hilal Al Busaidy, Yasser Said Al Barami and NESR; and (b) the sale and purchase agreement relating to shares
in GES between SV3 Holdings Pte Ltd and NESR. 

 " Governmental
Body " shall mean any government or governmental or regulatory body thereof, or political subdivision thereof, whether
federal, state, local or foreign, DIFC Authority, or any agency, instrumentality or authority thereof, or any court or arbitrator
(public or private). 

 " Group "
shall mean the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

 " Group
Company " shall mean the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

 " IFRS "
shall mean generally accepted international financial reporting standards as of the date hereof. 

 " Immediate
Family Members" shall mean any individual's spouse, civil partner or lineal descendant. 

 " Knowledge "
shall mean with respect to any Person that is not an individual, the actual knowledge after due inquiry of such Person's
directors and executive officers and all other officers and managers having responsibility relating to the applicable matter,
provided that with respect to: (a) OFS Investments Limited, it shall mean the actual knowledge of Atif Mahmood, Zahid Kamal and
Ben Sautelle-Smith; (b) Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation, it shall mean the actual knowledge of Ali Fadel; (c) Al Nowais
Investments LLC, it shall mean the actual knowledge of Sari Haidar; and (d) Castle SPC Limited, it shall mean the actual knowledge
of Sari Haidar, Safwan Said and Peter Howley. 

 " Law "
shall mean any foreign, federal, state or local law (including common law), statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation, Order
or other requirement including the applicable laws and regulations of relevant free zones, and the DIFC Law No. 2 of 2009 (as
amended). 

 " Legal
Proceeding " shall mean any judicial, administrative or arbitral actions, suits, mediation, investigation, inquiry,
proceedings or claims (including counterclaims) by or before a Governmental Body. 

 4 

 " Leakage "
 shall mean any of the following: 

 (a) any
dividend or other form of distribution, whether in cash or in kind, paid by any Group Company to, or for the benefit of any member
of the Seller's Group; 

 (b) any
payments made by any Group Company to, or for the benefit of, any member of the Seller's Group (including any such payments
made in connection with the redemption, purchase or repayment of any securities of any Group Company or any other return of capital); 

 (c) any
management, service or other charges or fees, costs, bonuses or other sums paid or incurred by any Group Company (including directors'
fees or monitoring fees) to, or for the benefit of, any member of the Seller's Group or any director, officer or employee
thereof outside the normal or Ordinary Course of Business; 

 (d) the
waiver, deferral or release by any Group Company of any amount owed to it by any member of the Seller's Group; 

 (e) any
payment or incurrence of interest or principal in respect of any indebtedness owed by any Group Company to any member of the Seller's
Group outside the Ordinary Course of Business; 

 (f) any
assumption, waiver, discharge or deferral by any Group Company of any liability of any member of the Seller's Group; 

 (g) any
payment by any Group Company of any Transaction Expenses incurred by the Group or Selling Stockholders; 

 (h) the
transfer of any asset by any Group Company to any member of the Seller's Group or the provision by any Group Company of
any security, indemnity, guarantee or surety for any obligation or liability of any member of the Seller's Group; and 

 (i) any
agreement by any Group Company with any member of the Seller's Group to take any of the actions referred to above. 

 " Lien "
shall mean any lien, pledge, mortgage, deed of trust, security interest, claim, lease, charge, option, right of first refusal,
easement, servitude, proxy, voting trust or agreement, transfer restriction under any shareholder or similar agreement, encumbrance
or any other restriction or limitation whatsoever. 

 " Locked
Box Date " shall mean September 30, 2017. 

 " Losses "
shall mean any losses, liabilities, fines, penalties, charges and damages incurred, borne, suffered or made by the relevant Person. 

 " Material
Contract " shall mean any Contract providing for payments to the Company or any Subsidiary of $25 million or more
or any Contract providing for payments by the Company of $3 million or more, in each case in any fiscal year. 

 5 

 " NESR
Closing " shall mean completion of the sale and purchase of the NESR Company Shares in accordance with this Agreement. 

 " NESR
Closing Date " shall mean the date on which the NESR Closing occurs. 

 " NESR
Group " shall mean NESR and each of its Subsidiaries. 

 " NESR
Initial Cash Consideration Daily Amount " shall mean, in respect of each Selling Stockholder, the amount set forth
against such Selling Stockholder's name in column (2), Section C, Part 2 of Exhibit A ; 

 " NESR
Liability Cap " shall mean the amount resulting from the sum of: (a) the NESR Initial Cash Consideration Amount;
and (b) the product of: (i) the Consideration Equity Stock; and (ii) 10; and (c) the Receivable Amount. 

 " NPS
Co-Investment Plan " shall mean the co-investment plan maintained by the Company on the terms stipulated in a document
with corresponding title dated 16 August 2015. 

 " NPS
Co-Investment Plan Settlement Amount " shall mean the aggregate amount of $2,946,033.24 payable under the NPS Co-Investment
Plan to all employees who are participants in the NPS Co-Investment Plan. 

 " NPS
LTIP " shall mean the NPS Phantom Award Plan approved by the board of directors of the Company in or around July
2015. 

 " Olayan
Closing " shall mean completion of the sale and purchase of the Olayan Company Shares in accordance with this Agreement. 

 " Olayan
Closing Date " shall mean the earlier of: (a) the date specified in a written notice delivered by Olayan (in its
sole discretion) to the Selling Stockholders after the date hereof, provided that such date shall: (i) be at least 10 Business
Days from the date of receipt of such notice by the Selling Stockholders; and (ii) fall prior to the NESR Closing Date; and (b)
the NESR Closing Date. 

 " Olayan
Daily Amount " shall mean, in respect of each Selling Stockholder, the amount set forth against such Selling Stockholder's
name in column (2), Section A, Part 2 of Exhibit A . 

 " Olayan
SPA " shall mean the sale and purchase agreement between NESR and Olayan pursuant to which Olayan shall sell and
NESR shall purchase the Olayan Company Shares, in a form reasonably satisfactory to NESR. 

 " Order "
shall mean any order, injunction, judgment, doctrine, decree, ruling, writ, assessment or arbitration award of a Governmental
Body. 

 " Ordinary
Course of Business " shall mean in respect of any Person the ordinary and usual course of day-to-day operations of
the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries through the date hereof consistent with past practice. 

 6 

 " Party "
shall mean any party to this Agreement. 

 " Permitted
Leakage " shall mean each of the following: 

 (a) any
payment made in respect of dividends or distributions declared, paid or made by the Company to the Selling Stockholders in the
aggregate amount of $15 million and any fees, costs and expenses incurred or suffered by any Group Company in connection therewith; 

 (b) the
Company Receivable, the Proposed Dividend and any fees, costs and expenses incurred or suffered by any Group Company in connection
therewith; 

 (c) any
payment made in respect of the NPS Co-Investment Plan Settlement Amount; and 

 (d) any
payment of any Transaction Expenses up to an amount equal to $5 million. 

 "Permitted
Transaction " shall mean: (i) the acquisition of Gulf Energy Services S.A.O.C.; and (ii) any pursuit or acquisition
of a company or assets in each case for the purpose of acquiring oil exploration and development, transportation or production
technologies to enhance the business of the Company, which businesses are not primarily engaged in providing similar oil field
services to the Group in Saudi Arabia, UAE, Qatar, Iraq or Algeria. 

 " Permits "
shall mean any approvals, authorizations, consents, licenses, permits or certificates of a Governmental Body. 

 " Person "
shall mean any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, firm, joint venture, association, joint-stock
company, trust, unincorporated organization, Governmental Body or other entity. 

 " Purchaser "
shall mean NESR and/or Olayan (as the context requires). 

 " Purchaser
Proportion " shall mean: (i) in respect of Olayan, the proportion that the Olayan Company Shares bear to the Company
Shares; and (ii) in respect of NESR, the proportion that the NESR Company Shares bear to the Company Shares. 

 " Receivable
Amount " shall mean the aggregate of: (a) the Base Receivable Amount; and (b) in respect of all Selling Stockholders,
the amount resulting from: (i) for each Selling Stockholder, the Olayan Daily Amount in respect of each relevant month multiplied
by the number of days elapsed in that month during the period commencing on (and including) 1 January 2018 to (and including)
the Olayan Closing Date; (ii) for each Selling Stockholder, the Company Receivable Daily Amount in respect of each relevant month
multiplied by the number of days elapsed in that month during the period commencing on (and including) 1 January 2018 to (and
including) the NESR Closing Date; and (iii) for each Selling Stockholder, the NESR Initial Cash Consideration Daily Amount in
respect of each relevant month multiplied by the number of days elapsed in that month during the period commencing on (and including)
1 January 2018 to (and including) the NESR Closing Date. 

 7 

 " Registration
Rights Agreement " shall mean the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement in the Agreed Form between (amongst
others) NESR and the Reinvesting Selling Stockholders. 

 " Reinvesting
Selling Stockholder " shall mean each of Al Nowais Investments LLC, Castle SPC Limited, Abdulaziz Al-Dolaimi and
Fahad Abdulla Bindekhayel. 

 " Reinvestment
Proportion " shall mean, in respect of each Reinvesting Selling Stockholder, the number of Consideration Equity Stock
issued to such Reinvesting Selling Stockholder as a proportion of the aggregate Consideration Equity Stock issued to all Reinvesting
Selling Stockholders, in each case as set forth in column (5) of Part 1 of Exhibit A . 

 " Relationship
Agreement " shall mean the Relationship Agreement in the Agreed Form between NESR and the Reinvesting Selling Stockholders. 

 " Relevant
Leakage Proportion " shall mean: (a) in respect of Olayan, its Purchaser Proportion; and (b) in respect of NESR:
(i) to the extent that the Leakage occurs on or prior to Olayan Closing, its Purchaser Proportion; and (ii) to the extent that
the Leakage occurs after Olayan Closing, 100 percent of such Leakage. 

 " Saudi
Aramco Current Prices " shall mean the current service prices under the Existing Contract, as set out in the Saudi
Aramco Pricing Letter. 

 " Saudi
Aramco Material Price Reduction " shall mean a reduction of prices in the Renewed Contract in respect of each of
the Saudi Aramco Services of an amount greater than 20 percent relative to the Saudi Aramco Current Prices. 

 " Saudi
Aramco Pricing Letter " shall mean the letter from the Group dated 16 November 2016 with reference number 161116/01/WS
addressed to Mr. Mohammed Al-Shammari, Manager Contracting Department at the Saudi Arabian Oil Company. 

 " Saudi
Aramco Services " shall mean cementing and coil tubing services. 

 " SEC "
shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States of America. 

 " Securities
Act " shall mean the United States Securities Act of 1933. 

 " Seller's
Group " shall mean, in respect of each Selling Stockholder that is a body corporate, that Selling Stockholder and
its Affiliates, officers and directors or, in respect of a Selling Stockholder who is an individual, that Selling Stockholder
and his Immediate Family Members. 

 " Selling
Stockholder's Bank Account " shall mean, in respect of each Selling Stockholder, such bank account of that
Selling Stockholder as is notified in writing by it or him to Olayan or NESR prior to Olayan Closing or NESR Closing (as applicable). 

 8 

 " Selling
Stockholders' Representative " shall mean such persons of appropriate experience and seniority as may be nominated
by the Reinvesting Selling Stockholders from time to time. 

 " Senior
Managers " shall mean the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 

 " Sponsor "
shall mean NESR Holdings Ltd., a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with its registered address at Ritter House,
Wickhams Cay II, Road Town, Tortola, VG1110, British Virgin Islands. 

 " Sponsor
Stock " shall mean 5,750,000 ordinary shares in the capital of NESR issued on 9 February 2017 to the Sponsor for
an aggregate subscription price of $25,000. 

 " Subsidiary "
shall mean any Person of which: (i) a majority of the outstanding share capital, voting securities or other equity interests are
owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company; (ii) any contractual undertaking which is, on or at the date of this Agreement,
owned (directly or indirectly) or controlled by the Company; or (iii) the Company is entitled, directly or indirectly, to appoint
a majority of the board of directors, board of managers or comparable body of such Person. 

 " Surviving
Provisions " shall mean Article I ( Definitions ) and Sections 6.9 ( Publicity ), 8.3
 ( Limitations for Breaches of Representations and Warranties ), 9.1 ( Expenses ), 9.3 ( Confidential
Information ), 9.5 ( Submission to Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process; Arbitration ), 9.6 ( Governing
Law ), 9.7 ( Entire Agreement; Amendments and Waivers ), 9.8 ( Notices ) and 9.9 ( Severability )
and any other right, duty or obligation of either party that is expressly stated in this Agreement to survive termination. 

 " Taxes "
shall mean: (i) all federal, state, local or foreign taxes, charges, fees, imposts, levies or other assessments, including all
income, gross receipts, capital, sales, use, ad valorem, value added, transfer, franchise, profits, inventory, capital stock,
license, withholding, payroll, employment, social security, unemployment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, property and estimated
taxes, customs duties, fees, assessments and charges of any kind whatsoever; (ii) all interest, penalties, fines, additions to
tax or additional amounts imposed by any Taxing Authority in connection with any item described in clause (i); and (iii) any transferee
liability in respect of any items described in clauses (i) or (ii) payable by reason of Contract, assumption, transferee liability,
operation of Law, or otherwise. 

 " Taxing
Authority " shall mean any Governmental Body responsible for the administration of any Tax. 

 " Transaction
Expenses " shall mean the aggregate amount of all out-of-pocket fees and expenses, incurred by or on behalf of, or
for the benefit of, the Company or the Selling Stockholders in connection with the negotiation, preparation or execution of this
Agreement or any documents or agreements contemplated hereby or the performance or consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby, including: (A) any fees associated with required filings; (B) any fees and expenses associated with obtaining necessary
or appropriate waivers, consents or approvals of any Governmental Body or third parties on behalf of the Company or any of the
Subsidiaries; (C) any fees or expenses associated with obtaining the release and termination of any Liens; (D) all brokers'
or finders' fees; (E) fees and expenses of counsel, advisors, consultants, investment bankers, accountants, and auditors
and experts, and (F) all sale, "stay-around," retention, or similar bonuses or payments to current or former directors,
officers, employees and consultants paid as a result of or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. 

 9 

 " UAE "
shall mean the United Arab Emirates. 

 1.2 Terms
Defined Elsewhere in this Agreement . For the purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have meanings set forth
in the sections indicated: 

 Term 
 Section 

 Accountancy
 Firm 
 2.5 
 
 Acquisition
 Transaction 
 6.6(a) 
 
 Agreement 
 Recitals 
 
 Basket 
 8.3(a) 
 
 Business
 Combination 
 9.4 
 
 Cash
 Earn-Out 
 2.9(a) 
 
 Cash
 Earn-Out Condition 
 2.9(a) 
 
 Claim 
 Closing 
 8.2(a) 
 2.6 
 
 Closing
 Date 
 2.6 
 
 Company 
 Recitals 
 
 Company
 Marks 
 6.10 
 
 Company
 Receivable 
 2.3(a) 
 
 Company
 Shares 
 Recitals 
 
 Competing
 Transaction 
 6.6(c) 
 
 Condition 
 7.1 
 
 Confidential
 Information 
 6.1 
 
 Consideration 
 2.2(a) 
 
 Consideration
 Equity Stock 
 2.2(a)(ii) 
 
 Dispute 
 9.5(a) 
 
 Dispute
 Notice 
 2.5 
 
 Dispute
 Meeting 
 2.5 
 
 Disputed
 Earn-out Items 
 3.3,
 Exhibit B 
 
 Disputed
 Leakage 
 2.5 
 
 Draft
 Earn-out Accounts 
 3.1,
 Exhibit B 
 
 Draft
 Earn-out Statement 
 3.1,
 Exhibit B 
 
 Earn-out
 Expert 
 3.5(B),
 Exhibit B 
 
 Earn-out
 Notice 
 3.3,
 Exhibit B 
 
 Existing
 Contract 
 2.9(a) 
 
 First
 EBITDA Earn-Out Amount 
 2.9(i) 
 
 First
 EBITDA Earn-Out Equity Stock 
 2.9(i) 
 
 Independent
 Accountant 
 2.5 
 
 Initial
 Cash Consideration Amount 
 2.2(a)(i) 

 10 

 Term 
 Section 

 IPO 
 9.4 
 
 LCIA 
 9.5(a) 
 
 Long-stop
 Date 
 7.2 
 
 NESR
 Board Recommendation 
 6.19(j) 
 
 NESR
 Closing Date 
 2.6(b) 
 
 NESR
 Closing Adjustment Leakage 
 NESR
 Company Shares 
 2.4(d) 
 2.1(b) 
 
 NESR
 Initial Cash Consideration Amount 
 2.2(b)(i) 
 
 NESR
 Stockholder Meeting 
 6.18(h) 
 
 Notified
 Party 
 8.2(b) 
 
 Olayan
 Closing Adjustment Leakage 
 Olayan
 Company Shares 
 2.4(a) 
 2.1(a) 
 
 Olayan
 Initial Cash Consideration Amount 
 2.2(b)(i) 
 
 Olayan
 Payment 
 2.6(a)(ii) 
 
 PIPE 
 2.12 
 
 Pre-NESR
 Closing Adjustment Leakage 
 2.4(d) 
 
 Pre-Olayan
 Closing Adjustment Leakage 
 2.4(c) 
 
 Proposed
 Dividend 
 2.3(b) 
 
 Proposed
 Equity Instrument 
 2.12 
 
 Proxy 
 4.4 
 
 Public
 Shareholders 
 9.4 
 
 Purchaser 
 Recitals 
 
 Purchaser's
 Cap 
 8.3(b) 
 
 Purchaser
 Documents 
 4.2 
 
 Recipient
 Party 
 8.2(b) 
 
 Related
 Party Agreement 
 3.5 
 
 Renewed
 Contract 
 2.9(a) 
 
 Representatives 
 6.6(a) 
 
 Rules 
 9.5(a) 
 
 Second
 EBITDA Earn-Out Amount 
 2.9(ii) 
 
 Second
 EBITDA Earn-Out Equity Stock 
 2.9(ii) 
 
 Selling
 Stockholders 
 Recitals 
 
 Selling
 Stockholder Documents 
 3.2 
 
 Stock
 Earn-Outs 
 2.9(b) 
 
 Survival
 Period 
 8.1(a) 
 
 Third
 Party Claim 
 8.2(b) 

 1.3 Other
Definitional and Interpretive Matters . Unless otherwise expressly provided, for purposes of this Agreement, the following
rules of interpretation shall apply: 

 (a) Dollars .
Any reference in this Agreement to $ shall mean U.S. dollars. 

 (b) Headings.
 Headings do not affect the interpretation of this Agreement; the singular shall include the plural and vice versa; and references
to one gender include all genders. 

 11 

 (c) English
legal terms. References to an English legal term or concept will, in respect of any jurisdiction other than England, be construed
as references to the term or concept which most nearly corresponds to it in that jurisdiction. 

 (d) Provisions
of Law. A reference to any statute or statutory provision shall be construed as a reference to the same as it may have been,
or may from time to time be, amended, modified or re-enacted and shall include any subordinate legislation made from time to time
thereunder, except to the extent that the amendment or modification made or coming into effect after the date hereof would increase
or alter the liability of any Party. 

 (e) Exhibits/Schedules .
The Exhibits and Schedules to this Agreement are hereby incorporated and made a part hereof and are an integral part of this Agreement.
All Exhibits and Schedules annexed hereto or referred to herein are hereby incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement as
if set forth in full herein. Any capitalized terms used in any Schedule or Exhibit but not otherwise defined therein shall be
defined as set forth in this Agreement. 

 (f) Rights
and obligations of the Selling Stockholders. Any and all rights of the Selling Stockholders are given to each of them severally
and not jointly and severally. Any and all representations, warranties, indemnities, covenants, agreements and obligations given
or entered into by more than one Selling Stockholder under this Agreement are given or entered into severally and not jointly
and severally and accordingly the liability of any Selling Stockholder in respect of any breach of any representation, warranty,
indemnity, covenant, agreement or obligation shall extend only to any loss or damage arising from a breach by that Selling Stockholder. 

 Article
II 
 SALE AND PURCHASE OF SHARES, PURCHASE PRICE; CLOSING 

 2.1 Sale
and Purchase of Shares . Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement: 

 (a) At
Olayan Closing, each of the Selling Stockholders agrees to sell to Olayan, free and clear of any and all Liens and Encumbrances
and together with all legal and beneficial rights and benefits attached or accruing to them on Olayan Closing, and Olayan agrees
to purchase from the Selling Stockholders, such of the Company Shares owned by such Selling Stockholders as indicated in column
(2) of Part 3 of Exhibit A which sets forth which Company Shares of such Selling Stockholder will be sold to and purchased
by Olayan (collectively, the " Olayan Company Shares "); and 

 (b) at
NESR Closing, each of the Selling Stockholders agrees to sell to NESR, free and clear of any and all Liens and Encumbrances and
together with all legal and beneficial rights and benefits attached or accruing to them on NESR Closing, and NESR agrees to purchase
from the Selling Stockholders, such of the Company Shares owned by such Selling Stockholders as indicated in column (4) of Part
3 of Exhibit A which sets forth which Company Shares shall be sold to and purchased by NESR (collectively, the " NESR
Company Shares "). 

 12 

 2.2 Consideration . 

 (a) As
consideration for the acquisition of the Company Shares, NESR and Olayan shall, in aggregate, pay to the Selling Stockholders
an amount of cash in U.S. Dollars and NESR shall issue or transfer a number of shares of Equity Stock as follows (" Consideration "): 

 (i) an
amount in cash equal to $442,790,940 (the " Initial Cash Consideration Amount "); and 

 (ii) 11,318,827
shares of Equity Stock (the " Consideration Equity Stock "). 

 (b) Allocation
to NESR and Olayan . The Consideration shall be satisfied as follows: 

 (i) the
Initial Cash Consideration Amount shall be paid by each of Olayan and NESR in the amounts set forth against their names in columns
(2) and (3) of Part 1 of Exhibit A , respectively, in accordance with Sections 2.6(a) and 2.6(b) (the " Olayan
Initial Cash Consideration Amount " and the " NESR Initial Cash Consideration Amount ", respectively);
and 

 (ii) the
Consideration Equity Stock shall be issued by NESR in accordance with Section 2.6(b) . 

 (c) Allocation
to Selling Stockholders . The Olayan Initial Cash Consideration Amount, the NESR Initial Cash Consideration Amount and the
Consideration Equity Stock shall be allocated to each Selling Stockholder in the amounts as set forth in columns (2), (3) and
(5) of Part 1 of Exhibit A . 

 2.3 Company
Receivable. 

 (a) The
Company agrees with the Selling Stockholders that, at or any time prior to the NESR Closing Date, the Company shall (and the Selling
Stockholders shall take all action reasonably necessary to) assign to the Selling Stockholders proceeds received on or before
NESR Closing in respect of any Group Company receivables, whether outstanding as of the date hereof or accruing in the period
to NESR Closing, as are designated in writing by the Selling Stockholders up to the amount of the Receivable Amount (" Company
Receivable "). The Company Receivable shall be apportioned amongst the Selling Stockholders in the same manner as
the Proposed Dividend. 

 (b) The
Parties agree and acknowledge that the Selling Stockholders have proposed to declare (and the Company agrees with the Selling
Stockholders only that it shall declare and pay) prior to NESR Closing one or more dividends of an aggregate amount (collectively,
the " Proposed Dividend ") equal to the Receivable Amount. The Proposed Dividend shall be allocated amongst
the Selling Stockholders in the amounts as set forth (as appropriate based on the applicable component of the Receivable Amount)
in column (4), Part 1 of Exhibit A or Part 2 of Exhibit A . Each of the Selling Stockholders hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally waives any rights or entitlements that it may have to any dividend or distribution in connection with the Proposed
Dividend other than as set out (as appropriate based on the applicable component of the Receivable Amount) in column (4), Part
1 of Exhibit A or Part 2 of Exhibit A (and shall take any and all such actions as are deemed by the Company to be
reasonably necessary to give full force and effect to such waiver and are notified in writing to that Selling Stockholder). 

 13 

 (c) NESR
will pay in cash, at NESR Closing, to the Selling Stockholders, the difference between the amount of the Proposed Dividend actually
paid in cash by the Company to the Selling Stockholders (on the one hand) and the Receivable Amount (on the other hand) (the " Outstanding
Receivable Amount "). The Outstanding Receivable Amount shall be apportioned amongst the Selling Stockholders in
the same manner as the Proposed Dividend. 

 (d) In
the period commencing on Olayan Closing and ending on NESR Closing, Olayan shall use its rights and entitlements to ensure that
the transactions contemplated by this Section 2.3 , including (without limitation) in connection with the Company Receivable
and the declaration and payment of the Proposed Dividend, are completed in accordance with the terms hereof prior to NESR Closing.
Olayan hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives any rights or entitlements that it may have to any dividend or distribution
in connection with the Proposed Dividend or any Permitted Leakage (and shall take any and all such actions as are deemed by any
Selling Stockholder to be reasonably necessary to give full force and effect to such waiver and are notified in writing to Olayan). 

 2.4 Leakage. 

 (a) Each
of the Selling Stockholders severally undertakes to Olayan in respect of itself or himself and its or his Seller's Group
only that since (but excluding) the Locked Box Date to the date of this Agreement there has not been any Leakage and there will
not be any Leakage from the date of this Agreement until Olayan Closing, in each case other than Permitted Leakage. 

 (b) Each
of the Selling Stockholders severally undertakes to NESR in respect of itself or himself only and its Seller's Group that
since (but excluding) the Locked Box Date there has not been any Leakage and there will not be any Leakage from the date of this
Agreement until NESR Closing, in each case other than Permitted Leakage. 

 (c) If,
within 180 days after the Olayan Closing Date, Olayan becomes aware of any Leakage in the period between (but excluding) the Locked
Box Date and Olayan Closing (" Pre- Olayan Closing Adjustment Leakage "), Olayan shall notify in writing
the Selling Stockholders with reasonable details of the amount of the Leakage. Subject to Olayan Closing, the Relevant Leakage
Proportion of the Pre-Olayan Closing Adjustment Leakage shall be payable to Olayan in cash by the Selling Stockholder who received
the relevant payment, benefit or asset which resulted in that Leakage, within 20 Business Days of such written notification. 

 (d) If,
within 180 days after the NESR Closing Date, NESR becomes aware of any Leakage in the period between (but excluding) the Locked
Box Date and NESR Closing (" Pre-NESR Closing Adjustment Leakage "), NESR shall notify in writing the
Selling Stockholders with reasonable details of the amount of the Leakage. Subject to NESR Closing, NESR shall be paid the Relevant
Leakage Proportion of the Pre-NESR Closing Adjustment Leakage in cash by the relevant Selling Stockholder who received the relevant
benefit, payment or asset which resulted in that Leakage within 20 Business Days of such written notification. For the avoidance
of doubt, Olayan and NESR shall together only recover once in respect of any Leakage. 

 14 

 (e) If
the Parties disagree as to the amount of any Leakage, the Parties shall resolve their dispute according to the procedure provided
for in Section 2.5 . 

 (f) If
any Selling Stockholder does not pay to NESR any Pre-NESR Closing Adjustment Leakage due and payable by it within 30 days of the
settlement or determination of any Pre-NESR Closing Adjustment Leakage, NESR is authorized to cancel a number of shares of Equity
Stock at $10 per Equity Stock of such Selling Stockholder in default to satisfy such amount due and payable, as an alternative
remedy to pursuing collection in cash, provided that adequate Equity Stock remains held by such Selling Stockholder. Each Selling
Stockholder hereby grants to the Secretary of NESR a power of attorney to cancel such number of shares of Equity Stock as permitted
under this Section 2.4(f) . For the purposes of this Section 2.4(f) , any Pre-NESR Closing Adjustment Leakage shall
be deemed to be (A) settled, only if NESR and the relevant Selling Stockholder so agree in writing; and (B) determined only upon
the Independent Accountant issuing its determination in respect thereof in accordance with Section 2.5 . 

 2.5 Resolution
of Accounting Dispute. 

 In
the event that the relevant Parties are unable to agree as to the quantum (rather than the existence) of any Leakage (the " Disputed
Leakage "), such Parties shall adopt the following procedure to resolve their dispute. The Parties shall, within
10 Business Days of service of a written notice from either party to the other (" Dispute Notice ") hold
a meeting (" Dispute Meeting ") in an effort to resolve the dispute. In the absence of agreement to the
contrary, the Dispute Meeting shall be held at the registered office of the Company. Each Party shall use its reasonable endeavors
to resolve the dispute. If within 20 Business Days of service of the Dispute Notice the Parties remain unable to resolve the dispute,
(on the one hand) the relevant Selling Stockholder, and (on the other hand) prior to NESR Closing, Olayan and NESR or, after NESR
Closing, NESR, shall jointly appoint an independent accounting firm to assess any disputed amounts from among either KPMG, Deloitte
and Touche or PricewaterhouseCoopers (each an " Accountancy Firm ") or, if such Parties fail to appoint
such firm within 10 Business Days of the expiry of such period, such of the aforementioned independent accounting firms as the
President of the Institute of Chartered Accounts in England and Wales may, on the application of either Party, nominate (" Independent
Accountant "). The Independent Accountant, acting as expert, shall be requested to make a determination in respect
of the Disputed Leakage within 10 Business Days of their appointment and to notify the Parties in writing of their determination.
Such determination shall be final and binding upon the Parties, except in the case of fraud or manifest error. 

 2.6 Closing
Date. 

 Each
of Olayan and NESR shall consummate with the Selling Stockholders the sale and purchase of the Olayan Company Shares and the NESR
Company Shares (" Closing ") on the Olayan Closing Date and the NESR Closing Date, respectively (" Closing
Date "). 

 15 

 (a) Olayan
Closing Date and Obligations . 

 (i) The
Olayan Closing shall occur on the Olayan Closing Date. 

 (ii) On
the Olayan Closing Date, Olayan shall procure the payment in cash of the Olayan Initial Cash Consideration Amount to the Selling
Stockholders by way of the transfer, in immediately available funds, to each such Selling Stockholder's Bank Account of
such part of the Olayan Initial Cash Consideration Amount as is set out against such Selling Stockholder's name in column
(2) of Part 1 of Exhibit A (collectively, the " Olayan Payment "). On the Olayan Closing Date,
each Selling Stockholder shall simultaneously with receipt of Olayan Payment initiate the transfer, in accordance with Laws of
DIFC, of the legal and beneficial ownership of the Olayan Company Shares owned by it to Olayan free from any Encumbrances, and
carry out any other actions required at Olayan Closing to complete the transfer of legal and beneficial interest in such Olayan
Company Shares to Olayan, including the provision of access to Olayan to the electronic register of members of the Company to
enable Olayan to verify the transfer of the Olayan Company Shares. The Olayan Closing shall occur at the offices of Freshfields
Bruckhaus Deringer LLP, 20th Floor, Al Fattan Currency House, Tower 2, DIFC, Dubai, UAE. 

 (b) NESR
Closing Date . 

 (i) Subject
to the satisfaction of the Condition set forth in Article VII , the NESR Closing Date shall occur on the 10th Business
Day following the first day on which the Condition has been satisfied in accordance with this Agreement or such other date as
the Selling Stockholders and NESR may agree in writing (" NESR Closing Date "). The NESR Closing shall
occur at the offices of Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP, 20th Floor, Al Fattan Currency House, Tower 2, DIFC, Dubai, UAE. 

 (ii) On
the NESR Closing Date, NESR shall: 

 (A) subject
to Section 2.12 , procure the payment in cash of the NESR Initial Cash Consideration Amount to the Selling Stockholders,
by way of transfer, in immediately available funds, to each such Selling Stockholder's Bank Account of such part of the
NESR Initial Cash Consideration Amount as is set out against such Selling Stockholder's name in column (3) of Part 1 of
 Exhibit A ; 

 (B) issue
the Consideration Equity Stock (credited as fully paid) to the Selling Stockholders in the amounts set out against each Selling
Stockholder's name in column (5) of Part 1 of Exhibit A ; and 

 (C) comply
with its obligations under Section 2.3(c) . 

 NESR
shall pay the NESR Initial Cash Consideration Amount and issue the Consideration Equity Stock to Selling Stockholders in accordance
with Section 2.2 by registration of such Consideration Equity Stock in the respective Selling Stockholder's name
with NESR's registered agent. Upon payment of the NESR Initial Cash Consideration Amount and the issuance of the Consideration
Equity Stock, each Selling Stockholder shall simultaneously at NESR Closing initiate the transfer, in accordance with the Laws
of DIFC, of the legal and beneficial ownership of the NESR Company Shares owned by it free from any Encumbrances, and carry out
any other actions required at Closing to effectuate the transaction, including the provision of access to NESR to the electronic
register of members of the Company to enable NESR to verify the transfer of the NESR Company Shares. The NESR Closing shall occur
at the offices of Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP, 20th Floor, Al Fattan Currency House, Tower 2, DIFC, Dubai, UAE. 

 16 

 2.7 Closing
Deliverables. 

 (a) Deliveries
by the Selling Stockholders on the Olayan Closing Date . At the Olayan Closing Date, each of the Selling Stockholders shall
deliver or shall cause the Company to deliver, as applicable, to Olayan and NESR copies of Board of Director resolutions of each
Selling Stockholder (except any Selling Stockholder who is an individual), certified by the Secretary or an authorized person
of such Selling Stockholder as to the authorization of this Agreement and all of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

 (b) Deliveries
by the Selling Stockholders on the NESR Closing Date. At the NESR Closing Date, each of the Selling Stockholders or the Reinvesting
Selling Stockholders (as applicable) shall deliver or shall cause the Company to deliver, as applicable, to NESR: 

 (i) (to
the extent not already delivered) copies of releases from Related Party Agreements to which such Selling Stockholder is a party
(save for any Related Party Agreements set forth in Part 2 of Schedule 6.14) , in each case as defined in Section 3.5
 and subject to the terms of Section 6.14 ; and 

 (ii) the
Registration Rights Agreement and the Relationship Agreement, duly executed by that Reinvesting Selling Stockholder. 

 (c) Deliveries
by Olayan to the Selling Stockholders on the Olayan Closing Date . Olayan shall deliver to the Selling Stockholders on the
Olayan Closing Date copies of resolutions of its board of directors, certified by the Secretary of that Purchaser as to the authorization
of this Agreement and all of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

 (d) Deliveries
by NESR to the Selling Stockholders on the NESR Closing Date. NESR shall deliver to the Selling Stockholders or the Reinvesting
Selling Stockholders (as applicable) on the NESR Closing Date: 

 (i) to
the Selling Stockholders, copies of resolutions of its board of directors, certified by the Secretary of that Purchaser as to
the authorization of this Agreement and all of the transactions contemplated hereby; and 

 (ii) to
each Reinvesting Selling Stockholder: 

 (A) stock
certificates from NESR representing the shares of Consideration Equity Stock, duly endorsed in blank or accompanied by stock transfer
powers and with all requisite stock transfer tax stamps attached and otherwise sufficient to transfer the Consideration Equity
Stock free and clear of all Liens and Encumbrances, unless any Reinvesting Selling Stockholder accepts electronic registration
of such Consideration Equity Stock in such Reinvesting Selling Stockholder's name with the registered agent of NESR, in
which case NESR shall procure the delivery of evidence (in a form reasonably satisfactory to the relevant Reinvesting Selling
Stockholder) showing the registration of the Consideration Equity Stock in the name of that Reinvesting Selling Stockholder; and 

 17 

 (B) the
Registration Rights Agreement and the Relationship Agreement, duly executed by NESR. 

 (e) Failure
to comply . If the obligations of any of the Selling Stockholders under Sections 2.6(b) and 2.7(b) are not complied
with on or before the NESR Closing Date or the obligations of NESR under Sections 2.6(b) and 2.7(d) are not complied
with on or before the NESR Closing Date, then: 

 (i) NESR
(in respect of non-compliance by any Selling Stockholder) or any Selling Stockholder (in respect of non-compliance by NESR) may
terminate this Agreement by notice in writing to the other Parties; or 

 (ii) NESR
(in respect of non-compliance by any Selling Stockholder) or the Selling Stockholders (acting jointly) (in respect of non-compliance
by NESR) may either defer NESR Closing to a later Business Day (so that the relevant provisions of Sections 2.6 and 2.7
 shall apply to NESR Closing as so deferred) or proceed to NESR Closing as far as practicable (without limiting the rights
of any party under this Agreement) without prejudice to any rights that the fully performing party may have against the non-complying
party for costs and expenses incurred by the fully performing party as a result of such delay. 

 2.8 Olayan
NESR Share Exchange . 

 (a) On
the NESR Closing Date, Olayan shall sell to NESR all of its Olayan Company Shares, free of any Liens and Encumbrances, valued
in the amount of the Olayan Initial Cash Consideration Amount, in consideration and exchange for such number of Equity Stock as
is equal to the quotient of: (i) the Olayan Initial Cash Consideration Amount; and (b) 11.244. Each of Olayan and NESR shall take
all necessary actions to effectuate this exchange of the Olayan Company Shares. 

 2.9 Earn-Out
Payment . Following the NESR Closing Date, NESR shall make the following payments, according to the following terms and
subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions, in cash and/or in Equity Stock to be paid or issued or transferred by
NESR to the Selling Stockholders. 

 (a) Cash
 Earn-Out . The Selling Stockholders shall receive an amount in cash equal to $7,572,444
 as additional consideration for the NESR Company Shares (" Cash Earn-Out ")
 upon, and subject to, any member of the Group entering into, renewing or extending any
 agreement(s) (the " Renewed Contract ") with the Saudi Arabian
 Oil Company or any of its Affiliates on materially the same terms as the Saudi Aramco
 Contract 6600032564 for Cementing & Other Oilfield Services (as supplemented and/or
 modified by the Saudi Aramco Pricing Letter) (the " Existing Contract ")
 to which the Company is a party as of the date hereof (the " Cash Earn-Out
 Condition "), provided that the Cash Earn-Out Condition shall (and shall
 be deemed to) be satisfied to the extent that the Renewed Contract is not entered into
 as a result of any transaction contemplated by this Agreement or anything done by NESR
 or anything done or omitted to be done before NESR Closing pursuant to and in compliance
 with this Agreement or otherwise at the request in writing or with the approval in writing
 of NESR. 

 18 

 For
 the purposes of this Section 2.9(a) , the Renewed Contract shall be deemed to be
 on materially the same terms as the Existing Contract unless any of the Saudi Aramco
 Services have not been included in the Renewed Contract or there occurs a Saudi Aramco
 Material Price Reduction. 

 The
 Cash Earn-Out will be paid within 10 days of the satisfaction of the Cash Earn-Out Condition
 and allocated to the Selling Stockholders as set forth in column (6) of Part 1 of Exhibit
 A. 

 (b) Equity
Stock Earn-Out . The Reinvesting Selling Stockholders shall be entitled to up to two issuances of Equity Stock (" Stock
Earn-Outs "), which shall constitute distributions of NESR stock valued at $10 per share, on the following terms
and if the following conditions are met. Each of the Stock Earn-Outs shall be allocated to the Reinvesting Selling Stockholders
in their Reinvestment Proportion. 

 (i) First
Equity Stock Earn-Out. NESR shall issue or transfer to the Reinvesting Selling Stockholders the First EBITDA Earn-Out Equity
Stock (as defined by this Section, credited as fully paid and free and clear of any Liens and Encumbrances) if the 2018 NESR EBITDA
is greater than $157 million. For the purpose of clarity, if the 2018 NESR EBITDA is less than or equal to $157 million then the
First EBITDA Earn-Out Equity Stock will not be issued or transferred as the calculated multiple will be less than or equal to
0 (zero). In the event that the 2018 NESR EBITDA is greater than $157 million, then the Reinvesting Selling Stockholders shall
be issued or transferred Equity Stock equal to the quotient of the First EBITDA Earn-Out Amount and $10 per share of Equity Stock
subject to a maximum cap of 1,671,704 shares of Equity Stock (the " First EBITDA Earn-Out Equity Stock ").
The " First EBITDA Earn-Out Amount " shall be: 

 (2018
 NESR EBITDA 157)/(166-157) x (0.80 x {Equity Stock percentage of total Consideration
 i.e. 24.88% as attributed to Section 2.2(a)(ii) }x $84,000,000. 

 19 

 (ii) Second
Equity Stock Earn-Out . NESR shall issue or transfer to the Reinvesting Selling Stockholders the Second EBITDA Earn-Out Equity
Stock (credited as fully paid and free and clear of any Liens and Encumbrances) if the 2018 NESR EBITDA is greater than $166 million.
For the purpose of clarity, if the 2018 NESR EBITDA is less than or equal to $166 million then the Second EBITDA Earn-Out Equity
Stock will not be issued or transferred as the calculated multiple will be less than or equal to 0 (zero). In the event that the
2018 NESR EBITDA is greater than $166 million and less than or equal to $200 million then the Reinvesting Selling Stockholders
shall be issued or transferred Equity Stock equal to the quotient of the Second EBITDA Earn-Out Amount and $10 per share of Equity
Stock subject to a maximum cap of 1,671,704 shares of Equity Stock (the " Second EBITDA Earn-Out Equity Stock ").
The " Second EBITDA Earn-Out Amount " shall be: 

 (2018
 NESR EBITDA (if greater than 166) 166)/(200-166) x (0.80 x {Equity Stock percentage
 of total Consideration i.e. 24.88% as attributed to Section 2.2(a)(ii) } x $84,000,000 

 (c) Calculation
of 2018 NESR EBITDA . The 2018 NESR EBITDA shall be calculated and the Earn-Out Equity Stock shall be issued in accordance
with Exhibit B and the Parties shall comply with their respective obligations thereunder. 

 2.10 Management
Alignment 

 NESR
shall procure that the provisions relating to the price of Equity Stock applicable to the restrictions on sale, transfer and assignment
of the Sponsor Stock, as summarized in Amendment No. 3 to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on 10 May 2017, shall (without amending
any other part of that filing) be amended as follows: 

 (a) up
 to 50 percent of the Sponsor Stock may be sold, transferred or assigned in accordance
 with the terms of that Amendment No. 3; 

 (b) up
 to 75 percent of the Sponsor Stock may be sold, transferred or assigned at any time after
 the last sale price of the Equity Stock equals or exceeds $15 per share of Equity Stock
 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
 the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing on or after
 the date that is 150 days after NESR Closing; and 

 (c) up
 to 100 percent of the Sponsor Stock may be sold, transferred or assigned at any time
 after the last sale price of the Equity Stock equals or exceeds $17.50 per share per
 Equity Stock (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
 and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing on
 or after the date that is 150 days after NESR Closing. 

 2.11 Right
of First Refusal. 

 A
Reinvesting Selling Stockholder shall have a right of first refusal to purchase any NESR Company Shares being sold by any other
Reinvesting Selling Stockholder at any time prior to the first anniversary of NESR Closing. The Reinvesting Selling Stockholder
shall provide notice to all other Reinvesting Selling Stockholders of its intent to sell such Consideration Equity Stock, and
each Reinvesting Selling Stockholder shall have 10 Business Days within which to respond of its intention to exercise its right
of purchase. If more than one Reinvesting Selling Stockholder wishes to exercise such right, such Reinvesting Selling Stockholders
shall share in the purchase of the Company Shares proportionately to their Reinvestment Proportion. 

 20 

 2.12 PIPE. 

 NESR
shall procure that, in the period prior to NESR Closing, each Reinvesting Selling Stockholder (or any Affiliate(s) nominated by
it) is offered the opportunity to subscribe for upto 50 percent of any Equity Stock or any other shares or stock in the share
capital of NESR or any instrument that is convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or which gives the right to subscribe
for, Equity Stock or any other shares or stock in the share capital of NESR that is proposed to be issued by NESR (" Proposed
Equity Instrument "), before such Proposed Equity Instrument is offered for subscription to any other person. The
Proposed Equity Instrument shall be offered to the Reinvesting Selling Stockholders (or any of its Affiliate(s) nominated by it)
in the Reinvestment Proportion, provided that any Proposed Equity Instrument not taken up by any Reinvesting Selling Stockholder
(or its Affiliate(s) shall be offered to each other Reinvesting Selling Stockholder (or any Affiliate(s) nominated by it) in proportion
to their Reinvestment Proportion before it is offered to any third party. If any Proposed Equity Instrument is proposed to be
offered for subscription to a third party as a result of the Reinvesting Selling Stockholders (or their Affiliate(s)) not subscribing
for it, then it shall be offered on terms that are no more favourable to that third party than the terms offered to the Reinvesting
Selling Stockholders and any such subscription must be completed within a period of 60 days from the date that the Proposed Equity
Stock was first offered to the Reinvesting Selling Stockholders. A Reinvesting Selling Stockholder (or its nominated Affiliate(s))
shall, from the date of receiving the written notice of the offer for subscription of Proposed Equity Stock referred to in this
Section, have 48 hours to accept or decline the offer. Any Reinvesting Selling Stockholder that accepts such offer for subscription
shall be entitled to satisfy any subscription price or other consideration due for any Proposed Equity Instrument by setting off
all or any part of such price or consideration against all or any part of the NESR Initial Cash Consideration that shall be otherwise
due to it at NESR Closing (and NESR shall procure that such Reinvesting Selling Stockholder's payment obligations in respect
of any such Equity Instrument shall be so deferred until NESR Closing). 

 Article
III 
 WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE SELLING STOCKHOLDERS 

 Each
Selling Stockholder, severally and not jointly, hereby warrants to the Purchaser in respect of itself or himself only (and, for
the avoidance of doubt, not in respect of any other Selling Stockholder) that: 

 3.1 Organization. The
Selling Stockholders may be composed of both individuals and corporations. Each Selling Stockholder who is a corporation is duly
organized and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has all requisite corporate power and
authority to carry on its business as now conducted. 

 21 

 3.2 Authorization
of Agreement . Each Selling Stockholder has all requisite power, authority and legal capacity to execute and deliver this
Agreement and has, or will at the applicable Closing Date have all requisite power, authority and legal capacity to execute and
deliver each other agreement, document, or instrument or certificate expressly contemplated by this Agreement to be executed by
such Selling Stockholder in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the " Selling
Stockholder Documents "), and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement and each of the Selling Stockholder Documents, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, has been or, in respect of each Selling Stockholder Document, will be duly authorized and approved by all
required corporate action (if applicable) on the part of such Selling Stockholder. This Agreement has been, and each of the Selling
Stockholder Documents will be at or prior to the Closing, duly and validly executed and delivered by such Selling Stockholder
and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by Purchaser) this Agreement constitutes, and each of the Selling Stockholder
Documents when so executed and delivered will constitute, legal, valid and binding obligations of such Selling Stockholder, enforceable
against such Selling Stockholder in accordance with its terms. 

 3.3 Conflicts;
Consents of Third Parties . 

 (a) None
of the execution and delivery by each Selling Stockholder of this Agreement or the Selling Stockholder Documents, the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or compliance by such Selling Stockholder with any of the provisions hereof
or thereof will conflict with, or result in any violation of or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under,
or give rise to a right of termination or cancellation under any provision of: (i) the certificate of incorporation and by-laws
or comparable organizational documents of such Selling Stockholder; (ii) any Order of any Governmental Body applicable to such
Selling Stockholder or by which any of the properties or assets of such Selling Stockholder are bound; or (iii) any applicable
Law. 

 (b) No
consent, waiver, approval, Order, Permit or authorization of, or declaration or filing with, or notification to, any Person or
Governmental Body is required by such Selling Stockholder in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the
Selling Stockholder Documents, the compliance by such Selling Stockholder with any of the provisions hereof, or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

 3.4 Ownership
and Transfer of Shares . The Selling Stockholder is the recorded legal owner of the Company Shares as indicated against
its or his name in Exhibit A , free and clear of any and all Liens and encumbrances. Each Selling Stockholder has the power
and authority to sell, transfer, assign and deliver such Company Shares as provided in this Agreement, and such delivery will
convey to the relevant Purchaser legal and beneficial ownership of such Company Shares, free and clear of any and all Liens. 

 3.5 Related
Party Agreements . Except in respect of the agreements set forth in Part 1 of Schedule 6.14 (each a " Related
Party Agreement "), each Selling Stockholder is not party to any agreement, as of the date hereof, with the Company
or any Subsidiary under which the Company or any Subsidiary has any outstanding liability, obligation or commitment. 

 3.6 Litigation . There
are no Legal Proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of the relevant Selling Stockholder, threatened in writing against that
Selling Stockholder or to which the Selling Stockholder is otherwise a party, in each case in relation to this Agreement, the
Selling Stockholder Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 

 22 

 Article
IV 
 WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER 

 Each
of NESR and Olayan hereby severally warrants to the Selling Stockholders that the statements contained in this Article IV 
are true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and will be true and correct as of the NESR Closing Date and the Olayan
Closing Date, respectively: 

 4.1 Organization
and Good Standing . Olayan and NESR are entities duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of their respective state or jurisdiction of incorporation and have all requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease
and operate properties and carry on their businesses. 

 4.2 Authorization
of Agreement . Olayan and NESR have full corporate power, legal capacity and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and each other agreement, document, instrument or certificate contemplated by this Agreement or to be executed by Purchaser in
connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (the " Purchaser Documents "),
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution, delivery and performance by the Purchaser of
this Agreement and each Purchaser Document have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on behalf of each Purchaser.
This Agreement has been, and each Purchaser Document will be at or prior to NESR Closing, duly executed and delivered by each
Purchaser and (assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties hereto and thereto) this Agreement
constitutes, and each Purchaser Document when so executed and delivered will constitute, the legal, valid and binding obligation
of each Purchaser, enforceable against the Purchaser in accordance with its respective terms. 

 4.3 Conflicts;
Consents of Third Parties . 

 (a) None
of the execution and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement and of the Purchaser Documents, the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, or the compliance by the Purchaser with any of the provisions hereof or thereof will conflict
with, or result in violation of or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of
termination or cancellation under any provision of: (i) the certificate of incorporation and by-laws or comparable organizational
documents of such Purchaser; (ii) any Contract, or Permit to which the Purchaser is a party or by which any of the properties
or assets of the Purchaser are bound; (iii) any Order of any Governmental Body applicable to the Purchaser or by which any of
the properties or assets of the Purchaser are bound; or (iv) any applicable Law. 

 (b) No
consent, waiver, approval, Order, Permit or authorization of, or declaration or filing with, or notification to, any Person or
Governmental Body is required on the part of the Purchaser in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or
the Purchaser Documents, the compliance by the Purchaser with any of the provisions hereof or thereof or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 

 23 

 4.4 Proxy
Process . The Selling Stockholders acknowledge that NESR cannot proceed to NESR Closing unless and until NESR has first
filed with the SEC, in compliance with Law, a disclosure statement of the acquisition of the Company Shares and other assets and
a submission to all shareholders of NESR requesting a shareholder vote to approve the transaction contemplated hereby ( "Proxy" ). 

 4.5 Litigation . There
are no Legal Proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of the Purchaser, threatened against the Purchaser or to which the Purchaser
is otherwise a party relating to this Agreement, the Purchaser Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 

 4.6 Financial
Advisors . No Person has acted, directly or indirectly, as a broker, finder or financial advisor for the Purchaser in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and no Person is entitled to any fee or commission or like payment
in respect thereof, except JPMorgan which has acted as financial advisor to NESR. 

 Article
V 
 WARRANTIES OF NESR 

 NESR
hereby represents and warrants to the Selling Stockholders that the statements contained in this Article V are true and
correct as of the date of this Agreement and will be true and correct as of the NESR Closing Date: 

 5.1 Liabilities . Except
as publicly disclosed as of the date hereof, no member of the NESR Group: 

 (a) has
any outstanding liabilities; 

 (b) has
any obligations or commitments of any nature whatsoever under or in connection with any agreement, arrangement or understanding; 

 (c) is
in breach of any applicable Law, including in respect of any filings required to be made by it with the SEC; or 

 (d) is
party to any pending or threatened civil, criminal, arbitration, administrative or other proceedings against it. 

 5.2 Proxy . Except
in respect of any information provided by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, all information contained in the Proxy,
at the time: (i) the Proxy (or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto) is first mailed to the stockholders of NESR; (ii)
of the NESR Stockholders' Meeting; and (iii) of the NESR Closing, will be true and accurate and the Proxy will not fail
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein complete and not
misleading. 

 24 

 5.3 NESR
Trust . The NESR Trust contains an amount equal to at least $229 million as of the date hereof and it is in full force
and effect. 

 5.4 Equity
Stock . No Equity Stock has been issued or transferred by any member of the NESR Group or agreed to be issued or transferred
by NESR for a price that is less than $10 per Equity Stock, and NESR has not issued or agreed to issue any instrument that is
convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, or which gives the right to subscribe for, Equity Stock or that entitles
its holder to be issued or subscribe for Equity Stock for a price that is less than $10 per Equity Stock. 

 Article
VI 
 COVENANTS 

 6.1 Access
to Information; Confidentiality . The Company shall, and the Company shall cause the Subsidiaries to, afford to NESR and
its accountants, counsel, financial advisors, directors, officers and employees reasonable access, during normal business hours
upon reasonable notice throughout the period prior to the earlier of NESR Closing and the termination of this Agreement in accordance
with the terms hereof, to the Company's and the Subsidiaries' respective books, financial information (including working
papers and data in the possession of the Company's or the Subsidiaries' or their respective independent public accountants,
internal audit reports, and "management letters" from such accountants with respect to the Company's or any
of the Subsidiaries' systems of internal control), Contracts and records of the Company and the Subsidiaries to the extent
required for the purposes of monitoring the financial performance of the Company, preparing for the transition of the ownership
of the Company to NESR or preparing the Proxy and, during such period, shall furnish as soon as reasonably practicable such information
in the possession or control of the Company or any Subsidiary concerning the businesses, properties and personnel of the Company
and the Subsidiaries as NESR shall reasonably request for any such purpose; provided, however, such investigation shall not disrupt
the Company's operations in any material manner. The Company shall authorize and direct the appropriate directors, managers
and employees of each such Subsidiary to discuss matters involving the operations and business of the Company or such Subsidiary,
as the case may be, with NESR during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice and then only to the extent that it will
not and is not reasonably likely to disrupt the Company's operations in any material manner. All information provided to,
or obtained by, the Purchaser, the Company, or the Selling Stockholders in relation to the subject matter of, and negotiations
leading to, this Agreement, including but not limited to the terms of this Agreement, shall be considered " Confidential
Information " and kept strictly confidential by the Parties; provided that the Purchaser and the Company may
disclose such information as is necessary: (i) to fulfill the Condition; or (ii) to include in the Proxy. No information provided
to or obtained by the Purchaser pursuant to this Section 6.1 shall limit or otherwise affect the remedies available hereunder
to the Purchaser (including the Purchaser's right to any damages), or the warranties of, or the conditions to the obligations
of, the Parties. 

 25 

 6.2 Conduct
of Group Business Pending NESR Closing . 

 (a) Except
(i) as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, or (ii) any Permitted Leakage, or (iii) to comply with applicable Law,
or (iv) with the prior written consent of NESR, or (v) in the Ordinary Course of Business, or (vi) any act undertaken or agreement,
arrangement or understanding entered into between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or amongst any Subsidiaries of the Company,
or (vii) as contemplated in the Annual Budget, the Company shall not, and the Company shall cause the Subsidiaries not to in the
period commencing on the date of this Agreement and ending on the earlier of NESR Closing and the termination of this Agreement: 

 (i) declare,
set aside, make or pay any dividend or other distribution in respect of the capital stock of, or other ownership interests in,
the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any outstanding shares of the capital stock
or other securities of, or other ownership interests in, the Company or any of the Subsidiaries; 

 (ii) transfer,
issue, sell, pledge, encumber or dispose of any shares of capital stock or other securities of, or other ownership interests in,
the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or grant options, warrants, calls or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire shares
of the capital stock or other securities of, or other ownership interests in, the Company or any of the Subsidiaries; 

 (iii) effect
any recapitalization, reclassification, stock split, combination or like change in the share capital of the Company or any of
the Subsidiaries; 

 (iv) amend
the certificate of incorporation or by-laws or equivalent organizational or governing documents of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries; 

 (v) 
(A) increase the salary or other compensation of any director or Senior Manager of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, except
for normal year-end increases in the Ordinary Course of Business; or (B) grant any unusual or extraordinary bonus, benefit or
other direct or indirect compensation in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby to any director, officer or employee
of the Company or any Subsidiary; 

 (vi) terminate
the employment of any Senior Manager; 

 (vii) acquire
any material properties or assets or sell, assign, license, transfer, convey, lease or otherwise dispose of any of the material
properties or assets of, or used by, the Company and the Subsidiaries, other than in the Ordinary Course of Business. A property
or asset shall be deemed to be "material" if its value exceeds $500,000; 

 (viii) enter
into or agree to enter into any merger or consolidation with any corporation or other entity, create a new Subsidiary or invest
in, make a loan, advance or capital contribution to, or otherwise acquire the securities, of any other Person; 

 (ix) cancel
or compromise any material debt or claim except in the Ordinary Course of Business; 

 (x) enter
into any commitment for capital expenditures of the Company and the Subsidiaries in excess of $5 million per month; 

 26 

 (xi) except
for transfers of cash pursuant to normal cash management practices in the Ordinary Course of Business, make any investments in
or loans to, or pay any fees or expenses to, or enter into or modify any Contract with any member of the Seller's Group; 

 (xii) terminate,
amend in any material respect, fail to renew, or waive any material rights under any Material Contract, other than in the Ordinary
Course of Business; 

 (xiii) dispose
of or destroy any corporate records or other books or records of the Group; 

 (xiv) settle
or compromise any pending or threatened Legal Proceeding or any claims, in each case where the liability to the Company or a Subsidiary
in respect thereof exceeds $1 million; and 

 (xv) take
any steps to dissolve, wind-up or liquidate any Subsidiary. 

 6.3 NESR
Group Conduct Pending the NESR Closing . Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, to comply with applicable
Law or with the prior written consent of the Selling Stockholders, NESR shall not and shall cause its Affiliates not to, in the
period commencing on the date of this Agreement and ending on the earlier of NESR Closing and the termination of this Agreement,
undertake any of the acts, matters or things set out in Section 6.2 (except Sections 6.2(a)(i) or 6.2(a)(iii) )
as if any reference to the Company or any Subsidiary shall be deemed to be a reference to NESR or each of its Affiliates, respectively. 

 6.4 No
Further Actions . Each Selling Stockholder and Purchaser shall make all efforts to effectuate all the necessary corporate
actions required of it (including but not limited to seeking and obtaining the approval of its shareholders, making applicable
filings and voting its own shares in favor of any shareholder resolutions) to enable the transfer of any Company Shares or the
transfer or issuance of Equity Stock required under this Agreement. 

 6.5 Third
Party Consents . The Selling Stockholders and the Company shall reasonably co-operate with NESR to enable compliance with
the statutory requirement under the laws of Algeria to engage in formal consultation with the Algerian government with respect
to a proposed transfer of ultimate ownership in the Company in order to obtain at the earliest practicable date all consents,
waivers and approvals from, and provide all notices to the responsible authorities in, Algeria in relation thereto. Executed counterparts
of such consents, waivers and approvals shall be delivered to each Selling Stockholder and the Company promptly after receipt
thereof by any Purchaser or to the Purchaser promptly after receipt by any Selling Stockholder or the Company, and copies of such
notices shall be delivered to the Purchaser (if delivered by any Selling Stockholder or the Company) or to the Selling Stockholder
and the Company (if delivered by any Purchaser), in each case promptly after the making thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, none of the Selling Stockholders, the Purchaser nor any of their Affiliates (which for purposes of
this sentence shall include the Company) shall be required by any other Party to pay any amounts in connection with obtaining
any consent, waiver or approval. 

 27 

 6.6 No
Shop . 

 (a) During
the period from the date of this Agreement and through the earlier of NESR Closing and termination or expiry of this Agreement,
unless Olayan does not comply with the provisions of Section 2.6(a) , the Selling Stockholders and the Company shall not,
and the Company shall not permit the Subsidiaries and the Company shall not permit its or its Subsidiaries' directors, officers
or employees and each Selling Stockholder shall not permit its respective directors, officers or employees, (collectively, the
" Representatives ") to, directly or indirectly: (i) discuss, encourage, negotiate, undertake, initiate,
authorize, recommend, propose or enter into, whether as the proposed surviving, merged, acquiring or acquired corporation or otherwise,
any transaction involving a merger, consolidation, business combination, purchase or disposition of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or any capital stock or other ownership interests of the Company or any of
the Subsidiaries, other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (an " Acquisition Transaction ");
(ii) facilitate, encourage, solicit or initiate discussions, negotiations or submissions of proposals or offers in respect of
an Acquisition Transaction; (iii) furnish or cause to be furnished, to any Person, any information concerning the business, operations,
properties or assets of the Company or the Subsidiaries in connection with an Acquisition Transaction; or (iv) otherwise cooperate
in any way with, or assist or participate in, facilitate or encourage, any effort or attempt by any other Person to do or seek
any of the foregoing. 

 (b) The
Selling Stockholders and the Company shall (and the Selling Stockholders and the Company shall cause their respective directors,
officers and employees to, and the Company shall cause the Subsidiaries and their Representatives to) immediately cease and cause
to be terminated any existing discussions or negotiations with any Persons (other than Purchaser) conducted heretofore with respect
to any Acquisition Transaction. The Company agrees not to (and the Company agrees to cause the Subsidiaries not to) release any
third party involved in such discussions or negotiations from the confidentiality and standstill provisions of any agreement to
which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a party in connection with any Acquisition Transaction. 

 (c) During
the period from the date of this Agreement and through the earlier of NESR Closing and termination or expiry of this Agreement,
except for a Permitted Transaction, NESR shall not and shall procure that none of its Affiliates or its or their directors, officers
or employees shall, directly or indirectly: (i) discuss, encourage, negotiate, undertake, initiate, authorize, recommend, propose
or enter into, whether as the proposed surviving, merged, acquiring or acquired corporation or otherwise, any transaction involving
a merger, consolidation, business combination, purchase or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of any Person
or of any capital stock or other ownership interests of any Person (a " Competing Transaction "); (ii)
facilitate, encourage, solicit or initiate discussions, negotiations or submissions of proposals or offers in respect of a Competing
Transaction; or (iii) otherwise cooperate in any way with, or assist or participate in, facilitate or encourage, any effort or
attempt by any other Person to do or seek any of the foregoing. 

 (d) NESR
shall and shall procure that its Affiliates and its and their directors, officers and employees shall immediately cease and cause
to be terminated any existing discussions or negotiations with any Persons (other than any Selling Stockholder) conducted heretofore
with respect to any Competing Transaction (except any Permitted Transaction). 

 28 

 6.7 Non-Solicitation;
Confidentiality . 

 (a) For
a period of one year from and after the NESR Closing Date, the Selling Stockholders shall not, and shall cause their directors,
officers or employees (acting in their capacity as such) not to, directly or indirectly: (i) cause, solicit, induce or encourage
any Senior Managers of the Company or the Subsidiaries to leave such employment for the purpose of hiring, employing or otherwise
engaging any such individual, except in the event that any Senior Manager responds to any bona fide employment advertisement that
is not directed at one or more of the Senior Managers; or (ii) cause, induce or encourage any client or supplier which is party
to a Material Contract as of the date hereof to terminate any such Material Contract or modify it in a manner that is materially
adverse to the Company or any Subsidiary. 

 (b) From
and after the NESR Closing Date, the Selling Stockholders shall not and shall cause their directors, officers and employees not
to, directly or indirectly, disclose, reveal, divulge or communicate to any Person other than authorized officers, directors and
employees of the Purchaser any Confidential Information (as defined below). The Selling Stockholders shall not have any obligation
to keep confidential (or cause its officers, directors or Affiliates to keep confidential) any Confidential Information if and
to the extent disclosure thereof is required by applicable Law; provided , however , that in the event disclosure
is required by applicable Law, the Selling Stockholders shall, to the extent reasonably possible, provide the Purchaser with prompt
notice of such requirement prior to making any disclosure so that the Purchaser may seek an appropriate protective order. 

 (c) From
the date of this Agreement until the NESR Closing Date, the Purchaser shall not and shall cause its directors, officers and employees
not to, directly or indirectly, disclose, reveal, divulge or communicate to any Person other than authorized officers, directors
and employees of the Selling Stockholders any Confidential Information (as defined below). The Purchaser shall not have any obligation
to keep confidential (or cause its officers, directors or Affiliates to keep confidential) any Confidential Information if and
to the extent disclosure thereof is required by applicable Law; provided , however , that in the event disclosure
is required by applicable Law, the Purchaser shall, to the extent reasonably possible, provide the Company with prompt notice
of such requirement prior to making any disclosure so that the Company may seek an appropriate protective order. 

 (d) For
the purposes of this Section 6.7(b) and 6.7(c) , " Confidential Information " means any information
with respect to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, including methods of operation, customer lists, products, prices, fees,
costs, inventions, trade secrets, know-how, marketing methods, plans, personnel, suppliers, competitors, markets or other specialized
information or proprietary matters. 

 (e) The
covenants and undertakings contained in Sections 6.6 and 6.7 relate to matters which are of a special, unique and
extraordinary character and a violation of any of their terms may cause irreparable injury to the Party that has the benefit of
them, the amount of which may not be possible to estimate or determine and which may not be adequately compensated. Accordingly,
the remedy at law for any breach of Section 6.6 or 6.7 may be inadequate. Therefore, the Party that has the benefit
of any such covenant or undertaking will be entitled to seek a temporary and permanent injunction, restraining order or other
equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in the event of any breach of Section 6.6 or 6.7 . The
rights and remedies provided by this Section 6.7(e) are cumulative and in addition to any other rights and remedies which
Purchaser may have hereunder or at law or in equity. 

 29 

 (f) The
Parties agree that, if any court of competent jurisdiction determines that a specified time period, a specified geographical area,
a specified business limitation or any other relevant feature of this Section 6.7 is unreasonable, arbitrary or against
public policy, then a lesser period of time, geographical area, business limitation or other relevant feature which is determined
by such court to be reasonable, not arbitrary and not against public policy may be enforced against the applicable party. 

 6.8 Preservation
of Records . Subject to any retention requirements of applicable Law relating to the preservation of Tax records, the
Selling Stockholders and the Purchaser agree that each of them shall (and NESR shall from the NESR Closing Date cause the Company
and the Subsidiaries to) use their reasonable endeavours to preserve and keep the records held by them relating to the respective
businesses of the Company and the Subsidiaries for a period of seven years commencing on the NESR Closing Date and shall make
such records available to the other as may be reasonably required by such party on or after the NESR Closing Date, including in
connection with, among other things, any insurance claims by, legal proceedings against or governmental investigations of the
Selling Stockholders, the Company, the Subsidiaries or Purchaser or in order to enable the Selling Stockholders or the Purchaser
to comply with their respective obligations under this Agreement and each other agreement, document or instrument contemplated
hereby or thereby, provided that nothing in this Section 6.8 shall require any Party to disclose any information that may
be subject to privilege. 

 6.9 Publicity . None
of the Purchaser, Selling Stockholders or the Company shall publicly disclose the terms of this Agreement or issue any press release
or public announcement concerning this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby without obtaining the prior written approval
of the other Party, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed (having regard to the urgency of the circumstances).
Without prejudice to Section 6.19 , nothing herein shall prevent NESR from making the disclosures necessary to comply with
applicable Law, including SEC regulations and other Laws pertaining to the De-SPAC Process, provided that the Selling Stockholders
have been provided draft copies of any such disclosure to the extent relating to this Agreement or any transaction contemplated
hereby or relating to any Selling Stockholder or any member of the Group reasonably in advance to enable the Selling Stockholders
to comment on such copies as soon as reasonably practicable (but having regard to the urgency of the circumstances) and in any
case at least 48 hours prior to their disclosure. Having regard to the urgency of the circumstances, reasonable consideration
shall be afforded by NESR to any comments submitted by any Selling Stockholder at least 48 hours prior to the relevant disclosure. 

 30 

 6.10 Use
of Name . The Selling Stockholders hereby agree that upon the NESR Closing, NESR and the Company shall have the sole right
to use of the name "NPS Holdings Limited" or any service marks, trademarks, trade names, "doing business as"
names, fictitious names, identifying symbols, logos, emblems, signs or insignia containing "NPS" or "National
Petroleum Services", including any name or mark confusingly similar thereto (collectively, the " Company Marks ").
The Selling Stockholders shall not use any of the Company Marks, except in connection with marketing their investment in the Company
to any investor or any potential investor in any Affiliate of any Selling Stockholder or any fund or Person managed and/or advised
by any Affiliate of any Selling Stockholder. 

 6.11 Cooperation
with Proxy Process . In order to fulfill the Condition, the Company shall, and the Company shall cause the Subsidiaries
to, in each case at NESR's cost, provide such assistance and cooperation as Purchaser may reasonably request upon giving
reasonable notice, including: (i) reasonable assistance with preparing any business descriptions of the Company and any Subsidiary
needed for any prospectus and cooperating with initial purchasers or placement agents; (ii) making senior management of the Company
and the Subsidiaries reasonably available for customary "roadshow" presentations or proposed equity financing source
meetings and rating agencies presentations; (iii) cooperating with prospective underwriters, placement agents or initial purchasers
and their respective advisors in performing their due diligence; (iv) providing all financial statements and financial and other
information in their possession or control that is required to be provided by applicable Law in an offering of equity securities;
and (v) using reasonable endeavours to cause the Company's accountants to provide customary "comfort" letters
to any underwriters or initial purchasers, including standard negative assurance comfort on any interim period of pro forma financial
statements. 

 6.12 NPS
Co-Investment Plan. At NESR Closing, the Company shall procure the payment of the NPS Co-Investment Plan Settlement Amount
under each NPS Co-Investment Plan. 

 6.13 NPS
LTIP. The Company hereby confirms that it has no liability under the NPS LTIP. 

 6.14 Related-Party
Transactions with Non-Management Affiliates . On or prior to the NESR Closing Date, the Company and the Subsidiaries shall:
(i) terminate all Related Party Agreements (other than (a) those Related Party Agreements set forth in Part 2 of Schedule 6.14
 and (b) Contracts between the Company and the Subsidiaries, Contracts between the Company and the Subsidiaries and their respective
officers and employees and Contracts the continuation of which the Purchaser has approved in writing); and (ii) deliver releases
executed by such Affiliates with whom the Company has terminated such Related Party Agreements pursuant to this Section 6.14
 providing that no further payments are due, or may become due, under or in respect of any such terminated Related Party Agreements;
 provided that in no event shall the Company or any of the Subsidiaries pay any fee or otherwise incur any expense or financial
exposure with respect to any such termination or release. 

 31 

 6.15 Notification
of Certain Matters . The Selling Stockholders and the Purchaser shall give notice to the other party, in writing and as
promptly as reasonably practicable, upon becoming aware of: (i) any fact, change, condition, circumstance, event, occurrence or
non-occurrence that has caused or is reasonably likely to cause any representation or warranty in this Agreement made by it (on
its part) to be untrue or inaccurate in any material respect at any time after the date hereof and prior to NESR Closing; (ii)
any failure on its part to comply with or satisfy any material covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied
by it hereunder of which it becomes aware; (iii) any material development of which it becomes aware relating to the fulfilment
of the Condition as soon as reasonably practicable after it comes to that party's attention; or (iv) the institution of
or the threat of institution of any Legal Proceeding against it, the Company or any of the Subsidiaries related to this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby; provided that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 6.15 
shall not limit or otherwise affect the remedies available hereunder to the party receiving such notice, or the representations
or warranties of, or the conditions to the obligations of, the parties hereto. 

 6.16 Resignation
of Directors . Except as notified in writing by NESR to the Selling Stockholders at least 5 Business Days prior to NESR
Closing, the Selling Stockholders shall cause each of the directors of the Company and the Subsidiaries to submit a letter of
resignation effective on or before the NESR Closing Date. 

 6.17 Management . It
is the intention that current senior management of the Company will remain active in NESR as part of the senior management team.
Key management positions in the Company shall be confirmed in writing by NESR prior to NESR Closing, which confirmation shall
also set forth principles of compensation and long and short term incentive arrangements in line with market standards for the
management team as well as a timeline for the implementation of such agreements post-NESR Closing Date. 

 6.18 Fraud . Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, no party shall be released from a Claim arising from any willful and knowing conduct that
constitutes fraud on any other party. 

 6.19 Satisfaction
of Condition . NESR shall, at its own cost, use its best endeavours to ensure that the Condition in Article VII 
of this Agreement is satisfied promptly after the date of this Agreement (and, in any event, before the Long-stop Date), including
by soliciting proxies as promptly as practicable in accordance with applicable Law for the purpose of obtaining the De-SPAC Approval,
and shall promptly notify the Selling Stockholders of the satisfaction of the Condition. Without prejudice to the foregoing, NESR
shall and shall cause its Affiliates: 

 (a) to
promptly prepare the Proxy in a form and substance that complies with applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations thereunder to be sent to the stockholders of NESR, for the purpose of, amongst other things, solicitation of proxies
from the stockholders of NESR with respect to the De-SPAC Stockholder Voting Matters in an effort to obtain the De-SPAC Approval
and providing the stockholders of NESR with the opportunity to have their Company Shares redeemed; 

 (b) to
take all actions that are necessary or reasonably advisable or as may be required by the SEC or by applicable Law in order to
give effect expeditiously to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 

 (c) to
disclose in writing to the Selling Stockholders any event, fact or circumstance which will or may prevent the Condition from being
satisfied on or prior to the Long-stop Date promptly after such event, factor circumstance comes to its attention; 

 32 

 (d) make
any necessary filings to the SEC as promptly as possible after the date of this Agreement and any filings with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and applicable "blue sky" laws and
rules and regulations thereunder, to re-submit any such filings as promptly as possible (and in any event within the timeframe
mandated by the SEC), and use its best efforts to have the Proxy cleared by the SEC under the Exchange Act as soon as possible
after filing; 

 (e) provide
any additional information and documentary material that may be requested by the SEC and respond to any SEC comments as promptly
as possible following receipt of such request or comments; 

 (f) promptly
notify the Selling Stockholders of any communications (whether written or oral) with the SEC in connection with obtaining the
De-SPAC Approval, including in connection with the approval by the SEC of the Proxy, any filing of any supplement or amendment
to the Proxy, the issuance of any stop order or any request by the SEC for any amendment to the Proxy; 

 (g) to
the extent they relate to any Selling Stockholder or any member of the Group or this Agreement or the sale and purchase of any
Company Shares, promptly provide the Selling Stockholders (and/or advisors nominated by the Selling Stockholders) draft copies
of the Proxy and any amendment or supplement to the Proxy and all material submissions and promptly provide the Selling Stockholders
with copies of all written communications with the SEC in connection with obtaining the De-SPAC Approval, and to take into account
any reasonable comments provided by any Selling Stockholder in relation to the Proxy and any amendment or supplement to the Proxy.
NESR shall promptly transmit any amendment or supplement to the Proxy to its stockholders to the extent required by the SEC or
under applicable Law; 

 (h) as
soon as practicable following approval of the Proxy with the SEC, and in accordance with applicable Law, establish a record date
for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders (the " NESR Stockholder Meeting ")
for the purpose of seeking to obtain De-SPAC Approval; 

 (i) to
use all reasonable efforts to cause the Proxy to be mailed to NESR's stockholders promptly; 

 (j) to
recommend to NESR's stockholders, through its board of directors, that they approve any and all proposals in respect of
which the vote of NESR's stockholders is sought (" NESR Board Recommendation "). NESR agrees that
its obligation to duly call, give notice or convene and hold the NESR Stockholder Meeting shall not be affected by any change
of the NESR Board Recommendation, and NESR agrees to submit the foregoing matters to the vote of its stockholders regardless of
whether or not NESR's board of directors changes the NESR Board Recommendation; 

 (k) if
at any time any event, circumstance or information relating to the Company and its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective Affiliates,
officers or directors, or the Selling Stockholders should be discovered by NESR or the Selling Stockholders that should be set
forth in an amendment or supplement to the Proxy, so that such documents would not include any misstatement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading, an appropriate amendment or supplement describing such information shall be promptly filed with the SEC
by NESR and, to the extent required by Law, disseminated to the stockholders of NESR; and 

 33 

 (l) to
the extent they relate to any Selling Stockholder or any member of the Group or this Agreement or the sale and purchase of any
Company Shares, promptly provide the Selling Stockholders with the Proxy and all material submissions and communications to or
with any regulatory authority in the form submitted or sent. 

 6.20 Listing
of Purchaser Common Stock . NESR shall use its best efforts to take all necessary action to cause the shares of the Consideration
Equity Stock that will be issued at the NESR Closing to be approved for listing on NASDAQ, subject to official notice of issuance,
prior to the NESR Closing. 

 Article
VII 
 CONDITION TO NESR CLOSING 

 7.1 Condition
Precedent to Obligations of Purchaser and Selling Stockholder . The obligation of NESR and the Selling Stockholders to
consummate the sale and purchase of the NESR Company Shares and to consummate the NESR Closing in accordance with the terms hereof
is subject to NESR obtaining the De-SPAC Approval (the " Condition "). 

 7.2 Termination. If
the Condition is not capable of being satisfied at any time or it is not satisfied by 30 June 2018 (the " Long-stop
Date ") (or such later date as NESR and the Selling Stockholders may agree to in writing), then any Selling Stockholder
or NESR shall be entitled to, by written notice to each of the other Parties, terminate this Agreement and on giving such notice,
this Agreement shall automatically terminate (other than the Surviving Provisions which shall continue in full force and effect).
In the event of such termination, no Party (nor any of its Affiliates) shall have any claim under this Agreement of any nature
against any other Party except in respect of any rights and liabilities which have accrued before termination or under any of
the Surviving Provisions. 

 7.3 Simultaneous
completion. None of the Selling Stockholders shall be obliged to complete the sale and purchase of any of the NESR Company
Shares unless the sale and purchase of all of the NESR Company Shares and the sale and purchase of the Olayan Company Shares pursuant
to the Olayan SPA is completed simultaneously. 

 Article
VIII 
 LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY 

 8.1 Survival
of Warranties . 

 (a) The
warranties of the parties contained in Article III Article IV and Article V of this Agreement shall survive the Olayan
Closing and NESR Closing through and including the third anniversary of the NESR Closing Date (in each case, the " Survival
Period "); provided , however , that any obligations shall not terminate upon the expiry of the Survival
Period with respect to any Losses as to which a Party shall have given notice in accordance with Section 8.2(a) before
the termination of the applicable Survival Period. 

 34 

 (b) Except
to the extent set out in this Agreement (including in the Schedules hereto), any right or remedy based on warranties, covenants
and agreements in this Agreement, or any Selling Stockholder Documents, Company Document or Purchaser Document shall not be affected
by any investigation conducted at any time, or any Knowledge acquired (or capable of being acquired) at any time, whether before
or after the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the Closing Date, with respect to the accuracy or inaccuracy of, or compliance
with, any such representation, warranty, covenant or agreement. The waiver of any condition based on the accuracy of any such
representation or warranty, or on the performance of or compliance with any such covenant or agreements, will not affect any remedy
based on such representations, warranties, covenants and agreements. 

 8.2 Claim
Procedures . 

 (a) A
claim for any breach of any representation or warranty under Article III, Article IV and Article V (each a " Claim ")
may be asserted by written notice (specifying in reasonable detail, to the extent known at that time, the fact, matter, event
or circumstance giving rise to the potential Claim and the amount likely to be claimed in respect thereof) to the Party that is
considered to be in breach of that representation or warranty; provided , however , that failure to so notify shall
not preclude the innocent Party from bringing any Claim in accordance with this Article VIII so long as such notification
is given prior to the expiry of the Survival Period. Such notice shall state in reasonable detail the basis of that Claim. 

 (b) In
the event that any Legal Proceedings shall be instituted or that any claim or demand shall be asserted by any third party against
a Party (the " Recipient Party ") in respect of which a Claim may be brought (regardless of the limitations
set forth in Section 8.3 ) (a " Third Party Claim "), the Recipient Party shall promptly cause written
notice of the assertion of any Third Party Claim of which it has Knowledge which may be subject to a Claim to be forwarded to
the Party against whom that Claim may be brought (the " Notified Party "). The failure of the Recipient
Party to give reasonably prompt notice of any Third Party Claim shall not release, waive or otherwise affect the Notified Party's
obligations with respect thereto except to the extent that the Notified Party can demonstrate actual loss and prejudice as a result
of such failure. Subject to the provisions of this Section 8.2 , the Notified Party shall have the right, at its sole expense,
to be represented by counsel of its choice, which must be reasonably satisfactory to the Recipient Party, and to defend against,
negotiate, settle or otherwise deal with any Third Party Claim; provided that the Notified Party shall have acknowledged and agreed
in writing to the Recipient Party that it shall indemnify the Recipient Party in respect of the Third Party Claim and any action
taken by that Notified Party pursuant to the terms of this Section 8.2 . If the Notified Party elects to defend against,
negotiate, settle or otherwise deal with any Third Party Claim, it shall within five days of the Recipient Party's written
notice of the assertion of such Third Party Claim (or sooner, if the nature of the Third Party Claim so requires) notify the Recipient
Party of its intent to do so; provided , that the Notified Party must conduct the defense of the Third Party Claim actively
and diligently thereafter in order to preserve its rights in this regard. If the Notified Party elects not to defend against,
negotiate, settle or otherwise deal with any Third Party Claim or fails to notify the Recipient Party of its election as herein
provided, the Recipient Party may defend against, negotiate, settle or otherwise deal with such Third Party Claim. If the Notified
Party shall assume the defense of any Third Party Claim, the Recipient Party may participate, at his or its own expense, in the
defense of such Third Party Claim; provided , however , that such Recipient Party shall be entitled to participate
in any such defense with separate counsel: (i) at the expense of the Notified Party if so requested in writing by the Notified
Party to participate; or (ii) in the reasonable opinion of counsel to the Recipient Party, a conflict or potential conflict exists
between the Notified Party and the Recipient Party that would make such separate representation advisable. The parties hereto
agree to provide reasonable access to the other to such documents and information as may be reasonably requested in connection
with the defense, negotiation or settlement of any such Third Party Claim, except any document or information that is subject
to privilege. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 8.2 to the contrary, no Party shall, without the written consent
of the other applicable party, settle or compromise any Third Party Claim or permit a default or consent to entry of any judgment
unless the claimant or claimants and such party provide to such other party an unqualified release from all liability in respect
of the Third Party Claim. If the Notified Party makes any payment on any Third Party Claim, the Recipient Party shall be subrogated,
to the extent of such payment, to all rights and remedies of the Recipient Party to any insurance benefits or other claims of
the Recipient Party with respect to such Third Party Claim. 

 35 

 (c) After
any final decision, judgment or award shall have been rendered by a Governmental Body of competent jurisdiction and the expiration
of the time in which to appeal therefrom, or a settlement shall have been consummated, or the Recipient Party and the Notified
Party shall have arrived at a mutually binding agreement, in each case with respect to an Third Party Claim hereunder, if the
Notified Party has agreed to indemnify the Recipient Party in connection with the Third Party Claim in accordance with this Section
8.2 , the Recipient Party shall forward to the Notified Party notice of any sums due and owing by the Notified Party pursuant
to this Agreement with respect to such matter and the Notified Party shall pay all of such remaining sums so due and owing to
the Recipient Party in accordance with the terms hereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds within five Business Days
after the date of such notice. 

 8.3 Limitations
for Breaches of Representations and Warranties . 

 (a) A
party shall not have any liability for any Claim unless the aggregate amount of Losses incurred by it based upon, attributable
to or resulting from the failure of any of the representations or warranties to be true and correct exceeds $2.50 million (the
" Basket ") and, in such event, that party shall be liable for the entire amount of all such Losses; provided
 that the Basket limitation shall not apply to Losses related to the failure to be true and correct of any of the representations
and warranties set forth in Sections 3.1 , 3.2 , 3.3 , 3.4 , 4.1 , 4.2 , 4.3 and 4.6
 hereof. 

 (b) The
aggregate liability of Olayan shall not exceed the Olayan Initial Cash Consideration and the aggregate liability of NESR shall
not exceed the NESR Liability Cap (each, being the " Purchaser's Cap ") and the aggregate liability
of any Selling Stockholder in respect of all claims under this Agreement shall not exceed the aggregate of: (i) the Initial Cash
Consideration Amount received by it pursuant to the terms hereof; and (ii) the amount resulting from the product of: (A) the Consideration
Equity Stock received by it pursuant to the terms hereof; and (B) the lower of: (I) 10; and (II) the value of the Consideration
Equity Stock received by it pursuant to the terms hereof, such value to be determined on the date immediately prior to the date
that the relevant claim is determined in accordance with Section 9.5 or settled in full amongst the Parties thereto. To
clarify, Leakage that is not Permitted Leakage will not in any case increase the Purchaser's Cap. 

 36 

 (c) For
the purposes of determining the failure of any representations or warranties to be true and correct, the breach of any covenants
and agreements, and calculating Losses hereunder, any materiality qualifications in the representations, warranties, covenants
and agreements shall be disregarded. 

 (d) No
party shall have any right of contribution or other recourse against the Company or the Subsidiaries or their respective directors,
officers, employees, agents, attorneys, representatives, assigns or successors for any Claim hereunder. 

 8.4 OFS
Investments Limited. Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary contained herein, each of the Parties acknowledges
and agrees that the obligations and undertakings of OFS Investments Limited under this Agreement are solely the corporate or limited
liability obligations and undertakings of OFS Investments Limited, and that none of the parties hereto shall have any recourse
against any of the directors, officers, employees or corporate service provider of OFS Investments Limited in their capacities
as such (nor shall any of them be personally liable) for any claims, losses, damages, liabilities, indemnities, representations
or other obligations whatsoever under, or in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement. This Section
does not affect: 

 (a) any
liability or obligation of OFS Investments Limited itself under this Agreement; or 

 (b) any
liability of OFS Investments Limited's directors, officers, employees or corporate service provider which may arise as a
result of their actual fraud or willful default. No person shall be found to have committed actual fraud or willful default under
this Agreement unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect. 

 Article
IX 
 MISCELLANEOUS 

 9.1 Expenses . Except
as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each of NESR and Olayan shall bear its own expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation
and execution of this Agreement and each other agreement, document and instrument contemplated by this Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, it being understood that in no event shall the Company bear any of such costs
and expenses. 

 9.2 Transaction
Expenses. The Company agrees with the Selling Stockholders that it shall pay Transaction Expenses up to an amount equal
to $5 million. 

 37 

 9.3 Confidential
Information. Any restriction
in this Agreement on the disclosure of Confidential Information shall not apply if and to the extent that: 

 (a) such
disclosure is required for the purpose of any judicial proceedings or by any regulatory authority, governmental body or reputable
securities exchange, provided that the other Parties to which the information relates shall have been, to the extent reasonably
practicable, consulted and reasonable attempts made to resist or limit such disclosure; 

 (b) the
information is in the public domain, except as a result of any breach of any undertaking or duty of confidentiality by any Party
hereunder; 

 (c) the
information is disclosed by a Selling Stockholder on a confidential basis to its Affiliates or to its or its Affiliates'
respective directors, officers, employees, advisors, auditors, bankers, investors or prospective investors for the legitimate
pursuit or conduct of their businesses or to limited partners of any funds managed and/or advised by that Selling Stockholder
or any of its affiliates; or 

 (d) each
Party to which the information relates has given its prior written consent to the contents and manner of the disclosure. 

 9.4 No
Claim Against NESR Trust . The Selling Stockholders acknowledge that they have read the Prospectus and that NESR has established
the NESR Trust from the proceeds of its initial public offering (" IPO ") and from certain private placements
occurring simultaneously with the IPO for the benefit of NESR's public shareholders (" Public Shareholders ")
and certain parties (including the underwriters of the IPO) and that, except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts
held in the NESR Trust, NESR may disburse monies from the NESR Trust only: (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect
to redeem the Equity Stock in connection with the consummation of NESR's initial business combination (as such term is used
in the Prospectus) (" Business Combination "); (ii) to the Public Shareholders if NESR fails to consummate
a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO; (iii) any amounts necessary to pay any taxes; or (iv) to,
or on behalf of, NESR after or concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination. Without prejudice to any rights of
the Selling Stockholders arising in connection with this Agreement, each Selling Stockholder acknowledges that, pursuant to the
terms to which the NESR Trust is subject as of the date hereof, it does not now and does not at any time hereafter have (other
than upon NESR Closing) any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the NESR Trust or distributions
therefrom. NESR hereby agrees and undertakes that it shall not disburse any monies from the NESR Trust in connection with any
transaction involving a merger, consolidation, business combination, purchase or disposition of the assets of any Person or any
capital stock or other ownership interests of any Person (except in connection with the transactions undertaken pursuant to the
terms hereof. 

 38 

 9.5 Submission
to Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process; Arbitration . 

 (a) Any
controversy, dispute or claim arising under or in connection with this Agreement (including, without limitation, any non-contractual
right or obligation arising in connection therewith or the existence, validity, interpretation or breach hereof and any claim
based on contract, tort of statute) (a " Disput e") shall be referred to and finally resolved by a binding arbitration,
to be held in London, England pursuant to the rules (" Rules ") of the London Court of International Arbitration
(" LCIA "). The seat or legal place of arbitration shall be London, United Kingdom. The Rules are incorporated
by reference into this Section and capitalised terms used in this Section which are not otherwise defined in this Agreement have
the meaning given to them in the Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted in the English language. Each party shall bear its
own expenses incurred in connection with arbitration and the fees and expenses of the arbitrators shall be shared equally by the
parties involved in the dispute and advanced by them from time to time as required. It is the mutual intention and desire of the
parties that a tribunal of three arbitrators be constituted as expeditiously as possible following the submission of the dispute
to arbitration. The Purchaser party to the Dispute shall appoint one arbitrator, the Selling Stockholders that are party to the
Dispute shall appoint one arbitrator, and one arbitrator who shall serve as chairman shall be nominated by the agreement of the
arbitrators appointed by such Purchaser and Selling Stockholders. Failing such agreement within 15 days of the nomination of the
party-nominated arbitrators, the arbitrator shall be nominated by the LCIA. Once such tribunal is constituted and except as may
otherwise be agreed in writing by the parties involved in such dispute or as ordered by the arbitrator upon substantial justification
shown, the hearing for the dispute will be held within 60 days after submission of the dispute to arbitration. The arbitrator
shall render their final award within 60 days, subject to extension by the arbitrator upon substantial justification shown of
extraordinary circumstances, following conclusion of the hearing and any required post-hearing briefing or other proceedings ordered
by the arbitrator. The arbitrator will state the factual and legal basis for the award. The decision of the arbitrator in any
such proceeding will be final and binding and not subject to judicial review and final judgment may be entered upon such an award
in any court of competent jurisdiction, but entry of such judgment will not be required to make such award effective. The parties
hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which they may now or hereafter have
to the laying of venue of any such action brought in such court or any defense of inconvenient forum for the maintenance of such
action. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a judgment in any such action may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on
the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. The agreement to arbitrate and this Section shall be governed by English
law. 

 (b) Each
of the Parties hereby consents to process being served by any party to this Agreement in any suit, action or proceeding by delivery
of a copy thereof in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.8 . 

 9.6 Governing
Law . This Agreement (and any non-contractual rights and obligations arising in connection therewith) shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with English law. 

 9.7 Entire
Agreement; Amendments and Waivers . This Agreement (including the schedules and exhibits hereto), the Selling Stockholder
Documents and the Purchaser Documents represent the entire understanding and agreement between the parties hereto with respect
to the subject matter hereof and can be amended, supplemented or changed, and any provision hereof can be waived, only by written
instrument making specific reference to this Agreement signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such amendment, supplement,
modification or waiver is sought. No action taken pursuant to this Agreement, including any investigation by or on behalf of any
party, shall be deemed to constitute a waiver by the party taking such action of compliance with any representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement contained herein. The waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not
operate or be construed as a further or continuing waiver of such breach or as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach. No
failure on the part of any party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as
a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of such right, power or remedy by such party preclude any other or
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. All remedies hereunder are cumulative and are not
exclusive of any other remedies provided by law. 

 39 

 9.8 Notices . All
notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given: (i) when delivered personally
by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (ii) when sent by electronic mail (with written confirmation of transmission);
or (iii) one Business Day following the day sent by overnight courier (with written confirmation of receipt), in each case at
the following addresses and electronic mail addresses (or to such other address or facsimile number as a party may have specified
by notice given to the other party pursuant to this provision): 

 If
to any Selling Stockholder, to the addresses of record for each stockholder as listed in Part 2 of Exhibit A . 

 If
to Olayan, to: 

 P.O.
Box 8772, 

 Riyadh,
11492, Saudi Arabia 

 Attn:
Fadi Otaqui 

 Email:
 F.Otaqui@olayangroup.com 

 If
to NESR, to: 

 777
Post Oak Blvd., 7 th Floor 

 Houston,
Texas 77056, USA 

 Attn :
Sherif Foda 

 Email :
sfoda@NESRCo.com 

 With
a copy to: 

 Looper
Goodwine, P.C. 

 1300
Post Oak Blvd., Suite 2400 

 Houston,
Texas 77056 

 Attention :
Mr. Don Looper 

 Email :
dlooper@loopergoodwine.com 

 40 

 9.9 Severability . If
any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced by any law or public policy,
all other terms or provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or
legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such
determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate
in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable
manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible. 

 9.10 Binding
Effect; Assignment . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. Nothing in this Agreement shall create or be deemed to create any third party beneficiary rights
in any person or entity not a party to this Agreement except as provided below. No assignment of this Agreement or of any rights
or obligations hereunder may be made by either the Selling Stockholders or the Purchaser (by operation of law or otherwise) without
the prior written consent of the other parties hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consents shall be void,
provided that Olayan shall be entitled (without the consent of any other Party) to assign all (but not some) of its rights and
obligations hereunder to any Affiliate of Olayan that is wholly-owned directly and indirectly and legally and beneficially by
an entity or entities incorporated and resident in jurisdiction(s) forming part of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC). 

 9.11 Non-Recourse. No
past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner, stockholder, agent, attorney or representative
of the Purchaser, the Company or the Selling Stockholders shall have any liability for any obligations or liabilities of any person
under this Agreement or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, the transactions contemplated hereby. 

 9.12 Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original copy of this Agreement and
all of which, when taken together, will be deemed to constitute one and the same agreement. 

 41 

 IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly
authorized, as of the date first written above. 

 PURCHASER: 

 National
 Energy Services Reunited Corp. 

 By: 
 /s/
 Sherif Foda 

 Name:
 Sherif Foda 

 Title:
 CEO 

 PURCHASER: 

 Hana
 Investments Co. WLL 

 By: 
 /s/
 Ibrahim Aldokhi 

 Name:
 Ibrahim Aldokhi 

 Title:
 Authorized Legal Representative 

 COMPANY: 

 NPS
 Holdings Limited 

 By: 
 /s/
 Adnan Ghabris 

 Name:
 Adnan Ghabris 

 Title:
 CEO 

 SELLING
 STOCKHOLDER: 

 OFS
 Investments Limited 

 By: 
 /s/
 Zahid Kamal 

 Name:
 Zahid Kamal 

 Title:
 Director 

 SELLING
 STOCKHOLDER: 

 Arab
 Petroleum Investments Corporation 

 By: 
 /s/
 Ahmed A. Attiga 

 Name:
 Ahmed A. Attiga 

 Title:
 CEO and GM 

 SELLING
 STOCKHOLDER: 

 Al
 Nowais Investments LLC 

 By: 
 /s/
 Hussain Al Nowais 

 Name:
 Hussain Al Nowais 

 Title:
 Chairman 

 SELLING
 STOCKHOLDER: 

 Castle
 SPC Limited 

 By: 
 /s/
 Michael Raynes 

 Name:
 Michael Raynes 

 Title:
 Authorized Signatory 

 SELLING
 STOCKHOLDER: 

 Abdulaziz
 Al-Dolaimi 

 By: 
 /s/
 Abdulaziz Al-Dolaimi 

 Name: 

 Title: 

 SELLING
 STOCKHOLDER: 

 Fahad
 Abdulla Bindekhayel 

 By: 
 /s/
 Fahad Abdulla Bindekhayel 

 Name: 

 Title: 

 EXHIBIT
A 

 Part
1 Consideration 

 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 
 Selling 
 Stockholder 
 Company
 Shares 
 Olayan
 Initial Cash Consideration Amount 
 NESR
 Initial Cash Consideration Amount 
 Base
 Receivable Amount 
 Consideration
 Equity Stock 
 Cash 
 Earn-out 
 
 Abdulaziz
 Al-Dolaimi 
 9,250,000 
 3,750,000 
 3,003,509 
 1,200,000 
 568,750 
 126,000 
 
 Al
 Nowais Investments LLC 
 78,168,210 
 31,689,815 
 25,381,504 
 10,140,741 
 4,806,289 
 1,064,778 
 
 Arab
 Petroleum Investments Corporation 
 107,745,370 
 43,680,555 
 135,043,586 
 13,977,778 
 Nil 
 2,935,333 
 
 Castle
 SPC Limited 
 78,168,210 
 31,689,815 
 25,381,504 
 10,140,741 
 4,806,289 
 1,064,778 
 
 Fahad
 Abdulla Bindekhayel 
 18,500,000 
 7,500,000 
 6,007,018 
 2,400,000 
 1,137,500 
 252,000 
 
 OFS
 Investments Limited 
 78,168,210 
 31,689,815 
 97,973,819 
 10,140,740 
 Nil
 
 2,129,555 
 
 Total 
 370,000,000 
 150,000,000 
 292,790,940 
 48,000,000 
 11,318,827 
 7,572,444 

 EXHIBIT A to SPA for NPS Acquisition 

 Part
2 Daily Amount 

 SECTION
 a: Daily Ticker: Olayan Initial Cash Consideration Amount 
 
 cOLUMN
 (1) 
 COLUMN
 (2) 
 
 Daily
 Ticker Calculations 
 DAILY
 AMOUNT 
 
 SELLING
 STOCKHOLDER 
 JANUARY 
 FEBRUARY 
 MARCH 
 APRIL 
 MAY 
 JUNE 
 
 Arab
 Petroleum Investments Corporation 
 $ 21,989 
 $ 21,972 
 $ 21,989 
 $ 21,983 
 $ 21,989 
 $ 21,983 
 
 OFS
 Investments Limited 
 $ 15,953 
 $ 15,941 
 $ 15,953 
 $ 15,949 
 $ 15,953 
 $ 15,949 
 
 Al
 Nowais Investments LLC 
 $ 15,953 
 $ 15,941 
 $ 15,953 
 $ 15,949 
 $ 15,953 
 $ 15,949 
 
 Castle
 SPC Limited 
 $ 15,953 
 $ 15,941 
 $ 15,953 
 $ 15,949 
 $ 15,953 
 $ 15,949 
 
 Fahad
 Abdulla Bindekhayel 
 $ 3,775 
 $ 3,773 
 $ 3,775 
 $ 3,775 
 $ 3,775 
 $ 3,775 
 
 Abdulaziz
 Al-Dolaimi 
 $ 1,888 
 $ 1,886 
 $ 1,888 
 $ 1,887 
 $ 1,888 
 $ 1,887 
 
 Total 
 $ 75,510 
 $ 75,453 
 $ 75,510 
 $ 75,491 
 $ 75,510 
 $ 75,491 

 SECTION
 B: Daily Ticker: company receivables 
 
 COLUMN
 (1) 
 COLUMN
 (2) 
 
 Daily
 Ticker Calculations 
 DAILY
 AMOUNT 
 
 SELLING
 STOCKHOLDER 
 JANUARY 
 FEBRUARY 
 MARCH 
 APRIL 
 MAY 
 JUNE 
 
 Arab
 Petroleum Investments Corporation 
 $ 7,036 
 $ 7,031 
 $ 7,036 
 $ 7,035 
 $ 7,036 
 $ 7,035 
 
 OFS
 Investments Limited 
 $ 5,105 
 $ 5,101 
 $ 5,105 
 $ 5,104 
 $ 5,105 
 $ 5,104 
 
 Al
 Nowais Investments LLC 
 $ 5,105 
 $ 5,101 
 $ 5,105 
 $ 5,104 
 $ 5,105 
 $ 5,104 
 
 Castle
 SPC Limited 
 $ 5,105 
 $ 5,101 
 $ 5,105 
 $ 5,104 
 $ 5,105 
 $ 5,104 
 
 Fahad
 Abdulla Bindekhayel 
 $ 1,208 
 $ 1,207 
 $ 1,208 
 $ 1,208 
 $ 1,208 
 $ 1,208 
 
 Abdulaziz
 Al-Dolaimi 

 $ 604 
 $ 604 
 $ 604 
 $ 604 
 $ 604 
 $ 604 
 
 Total 
 $ 24,163 
 $ 24,145 
 $ 24,163 
 $ 24,157 
 $ 24,163 
 $ 24,157 

 SECTION
 C: Daily Ticker: NESR Initial Cash Consideration Amount 
 
 COLUMN
 (1) 
 cOLUMN
 (2) 
 
 Daily
 Ticker Calculations 
 DAILY
 AMOUNT 
 
 Part
 5 (c): Daily Ticker: NESR Initial Cash Consideration Amount 
 
 SELLING
 STOCKHOLDER 
 JANUARY 
 FEBRUARY 
 MARCH 
 APRIL 
 MAY 
 JUNE 
 
 Arab
 Petroleum Investments Corporation 
 $ 67,981 
 $ 67,930 
 $ 67,981 
 $ 67,964 
 $ 67,981 
 $ 67,964 
 
 OFS
 Investments Limited 
 $ 49,320 
 $ 49,283 
 $ 49,320 
 $ 49,308 
 $ 49,320 
 $ 49,308 
 
 Al
 Nowais Investments LLC 
 $ 12,777 
 $ 12,767 
 $ 12,777 
 $ 12,774 
 $ 12,777 
 $ 12,774 
 
 Castle
 SPC Limited 
 $ 12,777 
 $ 12,767 
 $ 12,777 
 $ 12,774 
 $ 12,777 
 $ 12,774 
 
 Fahad
 Abdulla Bindekhayel 
 $ 3,024 
 $ 3,022 
 $ 3,024 
 $ 3,023 
 $ 3,024 
 $ 3,023 
 
 Abdulaziz
 Al-Dolaimi 

 $ 1,512 
 $ 1,511 
 $ 1,512 
 $ 1,512 
 $ 1,512 
 $ 1,512 
 
 Total 
 $ 147,391 
 $ 147,280 
 $ 147,391 
 $ 147,354 
 $ 147,391 
 $ 147,354 

 Part
3 Share Transfers 

 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 
 Selling
 Stockholder 
 Address 
 Company
 Shares 
 Olayan
 Company Shares 
 Company
 Shares held upon Olayan Closing 
 NESR
 Company Shares 
 
 Abdulaziz
 Al-Dolaimi 

 Barwa
 Commercial Avenue, Safwa Block, Building No. 28, 2nd Floor, Industrial Area Road, P.O. Box 586, Doha, Qatar 
 9,250,000 
 2,091,522 
 7,158,478 
 7,158,478 
 
 Al
 Nowais Investments LLC 
 Al
 Nowais Building, PO Box 984, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates 
 78,168,210 
 17,674,651 
 60,493,559 
 60,493,559 
 
 Arab
 Petroleum Investments Corporation 
 Dammam
 Coastal Road, Al Rakkah, P.O. Box 9599, 31423 Dammam, Saudi Arabia 
 107,745,370 
 24,362,359 
 83,383,011 
 83,383,011 
 
 Castle
 SPC Limited 
 Level
 43, Tower 3, Etihad Towers, PO Box 28922, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates 
 78,168,210 
 17,674,651 
 60,493,559 
 60,493,559 
 
 Fahad
 Abdulla Bindekhayel 
 3761
 Sabfa Ibn Saidah, An Nakhil, Riyadh 12393 6721, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
 18,500,000 
 4,183,044 
 14,316,956 
 14,316,956 

 1 

 2 

 3 

 4 

 Selling
 Stockholder 
 
 Address 
 
 Company
 Shares 

 Olayan
 Company Shares 

 Company
 Shares held upon Olayan Closing 

 NESR
 Company Shares 

 OFS
 Investments Limited 
 
 Office
 616, Liberty House, Level 6, Dubai International Financial Centre Street, P.O.Box 506734, Dubai 

 78,168,210 

 17,674,651 

 60,493,559 

 60,493,559 

 Total 

 370,000,000 

 83,660,878 

 370,000,000 

 370,000,000 

 EXHIBIT
B 

 EBITDA
CALCULATION AND GOVERNANCE 

 1. Earn-out 

 1.1 The
 entitlement of the Earn-Out Equity Stock shall be determined in accordance with the provisions
 of this Exhibit. 

 1.2 The
 2018 NESR EBITDA shall be calculated and, if applicable, adjusted in accordance with
 this Exhibit. 

 1.3 Within
 15 Business Days after the determination of the 2018 NESR EBITDA (whether by agreement
 of the Selling Stockholders' Representative and NESR or in accordance with this
 Exhibit) the First EBITDA Earn-Out Equity Stock and/or the Second EBITDA Earn-Out Equity
 Stock (as applicable) shall be issued to the Selling Stockholders in the Reinvestment
 Proportion. 

 2. Adjustments 

 2.1 Without
 prejudice to paragraph 2.2, NESR undertakes to operate the business of the NESR Group
 commercially and in good faith until the Earn-Out Equity Stock (if any) is issued in
 full. 

 2.2 If
 during the 2018 Financial Year, any fact, matter, event or circumstance occurs outside
 the Ordinary Course of Business which has an impact on the 2018 NESR EBITDA, then the
 2018 NESR EBITDA shall be adjusted to reflect what the entitlement of the Parties would
 have been if the fact, matter, event or circumstance had not occurred, provided that
 all revenues generated and cost synergies achieved by each member of the NESR Group (including
 by virtue of any asset (including shares) purchased by any member of the NESR Group during
 the 2018 Financial Year) shall be deemed to have been generated or achieved in the Ordinary
 Course of Business (and, therefore, no such revenues or reduction of costs shall be excluded
 from the calculation of the 2018 NESR EBITDA). 

 3. Earn-out
 Accounts and Adjudication of Earn-out Accounts 

 3.1 Following
 the end of the 2018 Financial Year, NESR shall procure the preparation of draft Earn-out
 Accounts (the " Draft Earn-out Accounts ") and a draft Earn-out Statement
 (the " Draft Earn-out Statement ") and deliver them to the Selling Stockholders
 as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event within five Business Days following
 the finalisation of the audited accounts of NESR in respect of the 2018 Financial Year.
 Save in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 3.5, no amendment shall be made to
 the Draft Earn-out Accounts or the Draft Earn-out Statement after their delivery to the
 Selling Stockholders in accordance with this paragraph 3.1. 

 EXHIBIT B to SPA for NPS Acquisition 

 3.2 NESR
 shall procure that the Earn-out Accounts shall be prepared in accordance with: 

 (A) the
 accounting principles, practices and policies and the other requirements set out in this
 Exhibit; 

 (B) subject
 to paragraph 4.2(A) above, using the Accounting Policies; and 

 (C) subject
 to sub-paragraphs 4.2(A) and 4.2(B) above, IFRS in force as at 31 December 2016, without
 the early adoption of any standards. 

 3.3 The
 Selling Stockholders' Representative may dispute the Draft Earn-out Accounts and
 the Draft Earn-out Statement by notice in writing (the " Earn-out Notice ")
 delivered in accordance with this Agreement to NESR within 20 Business Days of receiving
 the Draft Earn-out Accounts and the Draft Earn-out Statement. The Earn-out Notice shall
 specify: (i) which items or amounts in the Draft Earn-out Accounts or the Draft Earn-out
 Statement are disputed (the " Disputed Earn-out Items "); (ii) the reasons
 therefor and; (iii) the monetary effect that the Selling Stockholders' Representative
 believes each of the Disputed Earn-out Items has on the 2018 NESR EBITDA and the Earn-Out
 Equity Stock. Only those Disputed Earn-out Items specified in the Earn-out Notice shall
 be treated as being in dispute and no amendment may be made by either party, or any Earn-out
 Expert appointed pursuant to paragraph 3.5 below, to any items or amounts which are not
 Disputed Earn-out Items. 

 3.4 If
 the Selling Stockholders' Representative confirms by notice in writing to NESR
 his or her agreement with the Draft Earn-out Accounts and the Draft Earn-out Statement
 (either as presented to the Selling Stockholders or as modified in such manner as the
 Selling Stockholders' Representative and NESR shall agree) or if the Selling Stockholders'
 Representative does not serve a Earn-out Notice in accordance with paragraph 3.3 above,
 the Draft Earn-out Accounts and Draft Earn-out Statement shall constitute the Earn-out
 Accounts and the Earn-out Statement for the relevant Financial Year and shall be final
 and binding on NESR and the Selling Stockholders. 

 3.5 If
 the Selling Stockholders' Representative does serve an Earn-out Notice in accordance
 with paragraph 3.3 above, then NESR and the Selling Stockholders' Representative
 shall use their reasonable endeavours to resolve the Disputed Earn-out Items and either: 

 (A) if
 NESR and the Selling Stockholders' Representative reach agreement on the Disputed
 Earn-out Items within 15 Business Days of the Earn-out Notice being served, the Draft
 Earn-out Accounts and the Draft Earn-out Statement shall be amended to reflect such agreement
 and shall then constitute the Earn-out Accounts and the Earn-out Statement; or 

 (B) if
 NESR and the Selling Stockholders do not reach agreement in accordance with sub-paragraph
 3.5(A) above, NESR or the Selling Stockholders' Representative may refer the dispute
 to such Accountancy Firm as the President of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in
 England and Wales may, on the application of either NESR or the Selling Stockholders'
 Representative, nominate (the " Earn-out Expert "), on the basis that
 the Earn-out Expert is to make a decision on the dispute and notify NESR and the Selling
 Stockholders' Representative of its decision within 30 Business Days of receiving
 the reference or such longer reasonable period as the Earn-out Expert may determine. 

 (C) In
 the event of the nomination of an Expert pursuant to sub-paragraph 3.5(B) above, NESR
 and the Selling Stockholders' Representative agree: 

 (i) to
 co-operate with each other and to use reasonable endeavours to agree the terms of engagement
 with the Earn-out Expert; and 

 (ii) enter
 into any reasonable form of hold-harmless letter requested by such Expert, 

 and
if the terms of engagement of the Expert have not been settled within 15 Business Days of their nomination (or such longer period
as NESR and the Selling Stockholders' Representative shall agree), then NESR or the Selling Stockholders' Representative
may (acting reasonably) settle the terms of engagement with the Earn-out Expert and shall be entitled by notice in writing to
the Earn-out Expert and the other party to appoint that Earn-out Expert for the purposes of this Exhibit on the terms so settled
and notified to the other party. 

 (D) Each
 party shall bear its own costs with respect to the preparation, review and finalisation
 of the Earn-out Accounts. The costs of the Earn-out Expert (and any liability under the
 terms of engagement with the Expert) shall be borne in accordance with sub-paragraph
 3.5(C) above. 

 3.6 In
 any reference to the Earn-out Expert in accordance with paragraph 3.5 above: 

 (A) the
 Earn out Expert shall act as an expert and not as an arbitrator and shall be directed
 to determine any dispute by reference to the accounting policies, principles, practices,
 bases and methodologies set out in this Exhibit; 

 (B) the
 decision of the Earn-out Expert shall, in the absence of fraud or manifest error, be
 final and binding on NESR and the Selling Stockholders and the Earn-out Accounts and
 the Earn-out Statement shall be the Draft Earn-out Accounts and Draft Earn-out Statement
 amended as necessary to reflect the decision of the Earn-out Expert and, as amended,
 signed by the Earn-out Expert; 

 (C) the
 costs of the Earn-out Expert shall initially be paid by the Selling Stockholders (on
 the one hand) and NESR (on the other hand) equally PROVIDED THAT such fees shall ultimately
 be borne by the Selling Stockholders (on the one hand) and NESR (on the other hand) in
 inverse proportion as they may prevail on matters resolved by the Earn-out Expert, which
 proportionate allocations shall also be determined by the Earn-out Expert at the time
 the determination of the Earn-out Expert is rendered on the merits of the relevant Disputed
 Earn-out Items. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, all other costs and expenses
 incurred by the parties in connection with resolving any dispute in connection with the
 matters set forth in this Exhibit shall be borne by the party incurring such cost or
 expense; and 

 (D) each
 of the Selling Stockholders and NESR shall respectively provide or procure the provision
 to the Earn-out Expert of all such information as the Earn-out Expert shall reasonably
 require including: 

 (ii) by
 their respective advisers, except any information subject to privilege; and 

 (iii) in
 the case of the NESR, all information in the possession or under the control of and personnel
 of the NESR Group. 

 4. Rights
 and restrictions during Earn-out Period 

 4.1 Following
 NESR Closing and until the Earn-Out Equity Stock (if any) has been issued in full: 

 (A) the
 Selling Stockholders shall jointly be entitled: 

 (I) by
 giving written notice to NESR to appoint (and to remove and replace such appointee) and
 maintain either (at the option of the Selling Stockholders) one: (i) director (or equivalent
 officer); or (ii) board observer (which such observer shall, for the avoidance of doubt,
 have the right to attend all meetings of the board of directors (or equivalent body)
 of NESR), to the board of directors (or equivalent body) of the NESR (at NESR's
 cost and expense), which to clarify shall constitute only one person on the board or
 as a board observer; 

 (II) to
 interview, on such terms as the Selling Stockholders and the individual concerned may
 reasonably agree, the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of the
 NESR Group in relation to the publication of the quarterly results of the NESR Group;
 and 

 (B) such
 Selling Stockholders' appointed representative on the board of directors (or equivalent
 body) of NESR shall be entitled to receive: 

 (I) all
 notices of meetings of the board of directors (or equivalent body) of the NESR; and 

 (II) to
 the extent not included in the materials provided pursuant to paragraph 4.1(B)(I) above,
 to the monthly management reports, chief executive officer commentary and budgets for
 the 2018 Financial Year in respect of the NESR Group; 

 and
NESR shall procure that the Selling Stockholders is able to exercise such rights. 

 4.2 The
 Selling Stockholders shall procure that any person appointed in accordance with paragraph
 4.1 shall: (i) enter into such confidentiality obligations as may be reasonably requested
 by NESR; and (ii) use any information received by virtue of such appointment exclusively
 for the purposes of monitoring compliance by NESR with the provisions of this Exhibit. 

 4.3 NESR
 shall procure that it shall provide to any person appointed as a director (or equivalent
 officer) pursuant to the terms of paragraph 4.1 directors' and officers'
 insurance commensurate with the appointment and the size and nature of the business of
 the NESR Group. 

 SCHEDULE
6.14 

 RELATED
PARTY AGREEMENTS 

 Part
1 

 1. The
 Consortium Agreement, dated 22 April 2014, between certain of the Selling Stockholders
 and the Company. 

 2. Each
 of the following letters of undertaking (each an " NPS LTIP Letter of Undertaking ")
 entered into in relation to the NPS LTIP: 

 (a) the
 letter of undertaking from Al Nowais Investments LLC to the Company dated 25 July 2015; 

 (b) the
 letter of undertaking from Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation to the Company dated
 29 July 2015; 

 (c) the
 letter of undertaking from OFS Investments Limited to the Company dated 9 August 2015; 

 (d) the
 letter of undertaking from Waha Capital PJSC to the Company dated 28 July 2015; 

 (e) the
 letter of undertaking from Abdulaziz Al-Dolaimi to the Company dated in or around July
 2015; and 

 (f) the
 letter of undertaking from Fahad Abdulla Bindekhayel to the Company dated in or around
 July 2015. 

 3. The
 Tenancy Contract between Fajr Capital Limited and the Company relating to the lease by
 the Company of 265 sqft in Unit 306 at Gate Village 5, Dubai International Financial
 Centre, with such lease expiring on 30 April 2020. 

 Part
2 

 1. Each
 NPS LTIP Letter of Undertaking. 

 ANNEX
B 

 GES
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

 MUBADARAH
INVESTMENTS LLC 

 ( Seller ) 

 HILAL
AL BUSAIDY 

 (Hilal) 

 YASSER
SAID AL BARAMI 

 ( Yasser ) 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP 

 ( Purchaser ) 

 AGREEMENT
FOR THE SALE AND PURCHASE OF SHARES 

 IN
GULF ENERGY S.A.O.C. 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

 1 
 
 Definitions
 and Interpretations 
 5 

 2 
 
 Sale
 and Purchase 
 15 

 3 
 
 Consideration
 and Leakage 
 15 

 4 
 
 Payment
 of Consideration 
 17 

 5 
 
 Conditions
 Precedent 
 17 

 6 
 
 Covenants 
 19 

 7 
 
 Completion
 and Post Completion Obligations 
 21 

 8 
 
 Undertaking,
 Representations and Warranties 
 22 

 9 
 
 Seller
 Warranties 
 23 

 10 
 
 Purchaser
 Warranties 
 24 

 11 
 
 Indemnities 
 24 

 12 
 
 Indemnity
 Claims 
 25 

 13 
 
 Termination 
 26 

 14 
 
 Costs
 and Expenses 
 28 

 15 
 
 Successors,
 Transfers and Assignment 
 28 

 16 
 
 Entire
 Agreement 
 28 

 17 
 
 Amendment
 to the Agreement 
 28 

 18 
 
 Remedies
 and Waivers 
 28 

 19 
 
 Counterparts 
 29 

 20 
 
 Invalidity 
 29 

 21 
 
 Notices 
 2 9 

 22 
 
 Confidentiality 
 30 

 23 
 
 Governing
 Law and Jurisdiction 
 30 

 Schedule
 1 Conditions Precedent 
 32 

 1 
 
 Purchaser
 Conditions 
 32 

 2 
 
 Seller
 Conditions 
 32 

 Schedule
 2 Seller Warranties 
 34 

 1 
 
 Power
 to sell the Company Shares 
 34 

 2 
 
 Capitalisation
 of the Companies 
 34 

 3 
 
 Incorporation
 of each Group Company 
 34 

 4 
 
 Ownership
 of Shares 
 34 

 5 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 35 

 6 
 
 Title
 to Shares and Issued Shares 
 35 

 7 
 
 Rights
 of third parties 
 35 

 8 
 
 The
 Accounts 
 35 

 9 
 
 Management
 Accounts 
 37 

 10 
 
 Power
 of Attorney 
 38 

 11 
 
 Guarantees
 and Indemnities 
 38 

 12 
 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 38 

 13 
 
 Permits
 and Compliance with Law 
 38 

 14 
 
 Contracts
 between the Group and the Seller 
 39 

 15 
 
 Termination
 of Agreements and Cancellation of Approvals 
 39 

 16 
 
 Material
 Contracts 
 40 

 17 
 
 Assets 
 41 

 18 
 
 Property 
 41 

 19 
 
 Intellectual
 Property 
 41 

 20 
 
 Customers
 and Suppliers 
 42 

 21 
 
 Insurance 
 42 

 22 
 
 Anti-Bribery 
 43 

 23 
 
 Tax 
 44 

 24 
 
 Environmental
 Matters 
 44 

 25 
 
 Employees 
 44 

 26 
 
 Indebtedness 
 45 

 27 
 
 Related
 Party Arrangements 
 45 

 28 
 
 Working
 capital 
 45 

 29 
 
 Records 
 45 

 30 
 
 Group
 Net Debt and Leakage 
 45 

 31 
 
 Undisclosed
 Liabilities 
 45 

 32 
 
 Accuracy
 of information 
 45 

 33 
 
 Ownership
 of SGEE 
 46 

 Schedule
 3 Limitations on Seller's Liability 
 47 

 1 
 
 Maximum
 liability 
 47 

 2 
 
 Small
 claims and threshold 
 47 

 3 
 
 Specific
 limitations 
 47 

 4 
 
 Time
 Limits 
 48 

 5 
 
 No
 duplication of liability 
 48 

 6 
 
 Remediable
 breaches 
 48 

 7 
 
 Acts
 of Purchaser 
 48 

 Schedule
 4 Pre-completion Covenants 
 50 

 Schedule
 5 Conditions Precedent Satisfaction Certificate 
 52 

 Schedule
 6 Corporate Details of Company and Subsidiaries 
 53 

 Schedule
 7 Existing Disputes 
 57 

 Schedule
 8 Disclosure Letter 
 58 

 This
Stock Purchase Agreement (the " Agreement ") dated November 12, 2017 (the " Signing Date ")
by and between: 

 (1) MUBADARAH
 INVESTMENTS LLC , an Omani limited liability company with its registered address at
 P. O. Box 807, Post Code 116, Muscat, Oman (the " Seller "); 

 (2) HILAL
 AL BUSAIDY , of Omani nationality, holding civil identity number 02270116, having
 his postal address at P O Box 786, Postal Code 116, Mina Al Fahal, Sultanate of Oman
 (" Hilal "); 

 (3) YASSER
 SAID AL BARAMI , of Omani nationality, holding civil identity number 02159522, having
 his postal address at P O Box 786, Postal Code 116, Mina Al Fahal, Sultanate of Oman
 (" Yasser " and together with Hilal, the " Founders ");
 and 

 (4) NATIONAL
 ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP , a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands
 with its address at 777 Post Oak Blvd, Houston, TX, 77056, USA (" Purchaser ") 

 (each
a " Party " and together the " Parties ") 

 WHEREAS 

 A. The
 Seller is the legal and beneficial owner of the Company Shares (defined below). 

 B. The
 Seller has agreed to sell the legal and beneficial ownership of the Company Shares to
 the Purchaser, and the Purchaser has agreed to purchase the legal and beneficial ownership
 of the Company Shares on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in this Agreement. 

 NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter contained, the Parties hereby
agree as follows: 

 1 Definitions
 and Interpretations 

 1.1 Definitions 

 In
this Agreement the following definitions apply: 

 " Acceptance
Letter " has the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 12.1.2; 

 " Accounts "
mean the audited financial statements of the Group comprising the balance sheet, profit and loss account and the statements of
income and cash flow for the financial year ended on the Accounts Date, the auditor's report on those accounts and the notes
to those accounts; 

 " Accounts
Date " means 31 December 2016; 

 5 

 " Affiliate "
means, in relation to any specified person, any other person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries,
Controls or is Controlled by, or is under common Control with such specified person, or is a nominee of such person. If such specified
person is a natural person, the term "Affiliate" shall include that person's Immediate Family; 

 " Agreed
Net Debt Amount " means USD 47,200,000 (forty seven million two hundred thousand); 

 " Agreement "
means this agreement for the sale and purchase of the Company Shares; 

 " Anti-Bribery
Law " means applicable laws, regulations or orders in any jurisdiction relating to bribery or corruption (governmental
or commercial) including (i) the UK Bribery Act 2010, (ii) the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the
rules and regulations issued thereunder, (iii) all national and international laws enacted to implement the OECD Convention on
Combating Bribery of Foreign Officials in International Business Transactions, and (iv) any other law or order from or arrangement
entered into with any Governmental Authority that relates to bribery or corruption, in each case as amended from time to time; 

 " Anti-Money
Laundering Laws " means applicable laws, regulations, rules or guidelines relating to money laundering, including financial
recordkeeping and reporting requirements, which apply to the business and dealings of the Seller and the Group and all money laundering-related
laws of other jurisdictions where the any of the Company's subsidiaries conduct business or own assets, and any related
or similar law issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Authority; 

 " Approval
Notice " has the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 3.10 

 " Assets "
has the meaning ascribed thereto in paragraph 17.1 of Schedule 2; 

 " Awareness
Persons " has the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 89.2; 

 " Big
Four " means any of KPMG, EY, PricewaterhouseCoopers and Deloitte; 

 " Breaching
Party " has the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause; 

 " Broker "
means the entity or person in Oman to be agreed between the Seller and the Purchaser, as soon as practicable after the Signing
Date, in relation to the sale and purchase of the Company Shares, being in each case a juristic person licensed to undertake brokerage
activities on the MSM; 

 " Broker
Agreement " means the agreement to be entered into amongst the Purchaser, the Seller and the Broker as soon as practicable
after the Signing Date, in such form as the parties thereto shall agree; 

 " Business
Day " means a day when banks are open for business in Oman and Singapore; 

 " Claim "
means a claim by the Purchaser for a breach of the Seller Warranties; 

 6 

 " Code "
means the Code of Corporate Governance for closed joint stock companies issued by the MOCI; 

 " Company "
means Gulf Energy S.A.O.C, a closed joint stock company registered in Oman under Commercial Registration No. 1791842, with its
registered office address as P. O. Box 786, Postal Code 116, Mina Al Fahal, Oman; 

 " Company
Shares " means 305,000 shares [of par value RO 1.00] each legally and beneficially owned by the Seller in the capital
of the Company and representing 61% of the total issued and outstanding share capital of the Company; 

 " Completion "
means completion of the sale and purchase of the Company Shares in accordance with this Agreement and the Broker Agreement; 

 " Completion
Anniversary " means the first anniversary of the Completion Date; 

 " Completion
Date " means the date on which Completion occurs; 

 " Completion
Leakage " has the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 3.5; 

 " Conditions
Precedent " means the items listed in Parts 1 and 2 of Schedule 1; 

 " Conditions
Precedent Satisfaction Certificate " means a certificate in the form set out in Schedule 5; 

 " Consideration "
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 3.1; 

 " Control "
means, acting individually or in concert with others: (i) the legal or beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, of more than
fifty percent (50%) of the share capital or other ownership interests of any person; (ii) the ability, directly or indirectly,
to appoint more than half of the board or other controlling body of any person; or (iii) the ability, directly or indirectly,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise to direct, or cause the direction of, the management
of any person. A person shall be deemed to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person if the consent
or approval of such person is required with respect to all or substantially all material decisions (and " Controlled "
and " Controlling " shall be construed accordingly); 

 " DIFC "
means the Dubai International Financial Centre; 

 " Disclosed "
means fairly and accurately disclosed to enable the Purchaser to reasonably identify the nature, scope and impact of the matter
disclosed (and " Disclosures " shall be construed accordingly); 

 " Disclosure
Letter " means the letter from the Seller to the Purchaser containing the Sellers' Disclosures against the Seller
Warranties, attached hereto as Schedule 6; 

 " Dispute
Meeting " has the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 823.1; 

 7 

 " Disputes
Notice " has the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 823.1; 

 " Encumbrance "
includes any security interest, mortgage, charge, pledge, hypothecation, lien, adverse claim, right to acquire or other form of
security, including any restriction on the use, voting, transfer or receipt of income and any other agreement to give or create
any of the foregoing; 

 " Existing
Disputes " means the disputes set forth in Schedule 7; 

 " Financial
Indebtedness " means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 

 (a) moneys
 borrowed; 

 (b) any
 acceptance credit; 

 (c) any
 bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument; 

 (d) any
 redeemable preference share; 

 (e) any
 agreement treated as a finance or capital lease in accordance with IFRS; 

 (f) receivables
 sold or discounted; 

 (g) the
 acquisition cost of any asset or service to the extent payable before or after its acquisition
 or possession by the party liable where the advance or deferred payment: 

 (i) is
 arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or of financing the acquisition or
 construction of that asset; or 

 (ii) involves
 a period of more than six (6) months before or after the date of acquisition or supply; 

 (h) any
 derivative transaction protecting against or benefiting from fluctuations in any rate
 or price (and, except for non-payment of an amount, the then mark-to- market value of
 the derivative transaction will be used to calculate its amount); 

 (i) any
 other transaction (including any securitisation, forward sale or purchase agreement)
 which has the commercial effect of a borrowing; 

 (j) except
 in relation to arrangements between Group Companies, any guarantee or similar assurance
 against financial loss of any person in respect of any item referred to in the above
 paragraphs; 

 in
each case other than indebtedness arising in the ordinary course of the Group's trading with its customers or indebtedness
arising from the Group receiving services in the ordinary course of its business; 

 " Founders "
has the meaning ascribed thereto in the introduction of the Agreement; 

 8 

 " Fundamental
and Tax Warranties " means the Seller Warranties set out in Clause 8.1, and paragraphs 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 23 of Schedule
2; 

 " Governmental
Authority " means any international, supranational, federal, territorial, national, provincial, regional, central, state,
municipal or local government or any governmental or quasi-governmental authority, legislative or executive authority (including
any governmental or quasi-governmental instrumentality agency or official and any court, organ of state, government or self-regulatory
organisation, commission or tribunal or any regulatory or administrative agency) or any political or other subdivision, department
or branch of any of the foregoing; 

 " Government
Official " means any official, officer, employee or representative of, or any person acting in an official capacity for
or on behalf of, (i) any Governmental Authority (including any entity owned or controlled thereby); (ii) any political party or
party official; (iii) a Politically Exposed Person (PEP) as defined by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) (iv) any public
international organization; or (v) any company, business, enterprise or other entity owned, in whole or in part, or controlled
by any Governmental Authority; 

 " Group "
means the Company and each of the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 

 " Group
Cash " means, at any time, the aggregate cash and cash equivalents held by Group Companies, including (i) cash in hand,
(ii) cash credited to accounts of the Group Companies held with banks, finance, leasing credit or similar institutions, (iii)
cash in transit for the benefit of the Group Companies, and (iv) sums receivable pursuant to un- cleared cheques made payable
for the benefit of the Group Companies, if and to the extent that such cheques are payable from the account of a bona fide third
party (not being a Group Company or an Affiliate of the Seller or either of the Founders), have at such time been deposited with
a relevant bank and have been credited as cash in an account of a Group Company within 5 Business Days after such time; 

 " Group
Company " means any of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries; 

 " Group
Net Debt " means, at any time, the amount of Financial Indebtedness of any of the Group Companies, less the total amount
of Group Cash; 

 " Hilal
Al Busaidy " or " Hilal " has the meaning ascribed thereto in the introduction of the Agreement; 

 " IFRS "
means the International Financial Reporting Standards being the standards and interpretation issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board; 

 " Immediate
Family " means in the case of a natural person such person's spouse, grand-parents, parents and lineal descendants; 

 " Indemnity
Claim " means a claim against the Seller under Clause 811.1; 

 9 

 " Independent
Valuation Accountant " means the auditors for the time being of the Company or, if they decline the instruction, an independent
firm of accountants selected from the Big Four auditing firms jointly appointed by the relevant parties or, in the absence of
agreement between the parties on the identity of such firm within three (3) Business Days of a relevant party serving details
of a suggested firm on the other, an independent firm of accountants selected from the Big Four appointed by the MOCI on the application
of any Party; 

 " IPC "
means Integrated Petroleum Services Company LLC, a limited liability company incorporated in Oman in which, at the Signing Date,
the Company holds 242,500 shares, representing 97% of the issued and outstanding share capital of IPC; 

 " LCIA "
means the London Court of International Arbitration; 

 " Leakage "
means any of the following, occurring from (but excluding) September 30, 2017, up to and including the Completion Date: 

 (a) any
 dividend or other form of distribution (excluding the Proposed Dividend), whether in
 cash or in kind, paid by any Group Company to, or for the benefit of any member of the
 Seller's Group; 

 (b) any
 payments made or other benefits conferred by any Group Company to, or on behalf and for
 the account of, or otherwise for the benefit, of any member of the Seller's Group
 (including any such payments made in connection with the redemption, purchase or repayment
 of any securities of any Group Company or any other return of capital); 

 (c) any
 management, service or other charges or fees, costs, bonuses or other sums paid or incurred
 by any Group Company (including directors' fees or monitoring fees) to, or for
 the benefit of, any member of the Seller's Group or any director, officer or employee
 thereof outside the normal or ordinary course of business; 

 (d) the
 waiver, deferral or release by any Group Company of any amount owed to it by any member
 of the Seller's Group; 

 (e) any
 payment or incurrence of interest or principal in respect of any indebtedness owed by
 any Group Company to any member of the Seller's Group outside the ordinary course
 of business; 

 (f) any
 assumption, waiver, discharge or deferral by any Group Company of any liability of any
 member of the Seller's Group; 

 (g) the
 transfer of any asset by any Group Company to any member of the Seller's Group
 or the provision by any Group Company of any security, indemnity, guarantee or surety
 for any obligation or liability of any member of the Seller's Group; 

 10 

 (h) any
 transaction between any Group Company (on one hand) and any member of the Seller's
 Group (on the other hand) to the extent not on arm's length terms; and 

 (i) any
 agreement by any Group Company to take any of the actions referred to above. 

 " Leases "
has the meaning ascribed thereto in paragraph 18.3 of Schedule 2; 

 " Losses "
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 811.1; 

 " Management
Accounts " means the unaudited management accounts of the Group for the three month period ended 31 March 2017, the months
of April, May and June 2017, and the six month period ended 30 June 2017; 

 " Material
Adverse Effect " means any event, circumstance, occurrence or state of affairs or any combination of them (whether existing
or occurring on or before the Signing Date or arising or occurring on or before the Completion Date) which causes, or is reasonably
likely to cause (a) a loss in revenue of the Group in excess of USD 12,500,000 (twelve million five hundred thousand) per annum;
(b) a financial liability to the Group in excess of USD 5,000,000 (five million); or (c) a material adverse effect on the ability
of the Seller to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents; 

 " Material
Contracts " has the meaning ascribed thereto in paragraph 16 of Schedule 2; 

 " MCDC "
means the Muscat Clearing and Depository Company S.A.O.C; 

 " MOCI "
means the Ministry of Commerce and Industry of Oman; 

 " MSM "
means the Muscat Securities Market; 

 " Mubadarah
Investments LLC " shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals ; 

 " NBO "
means the National Bank of Oman S.A.O.G; 

 " Office
Building " means the land owned by the Seller, and the office building located on such land, in Ghala, Muscat, Oman; 

 " Oman "
means the Sultanate of Oman; 

 " Party,
Parties " has the meaning ascribed thereto in the introduction of the Agreement; 

 " Permits "
means all permits, licenses, franchises, approvals, authorizations, registrations, certificates, variances and similar rights
obtained, or required to be obtained, from Governmental Authorities; 

 11 

 " Properties "
means the properties leased by a Group Company, the details of which (including the landlord for each leased property, the rental
amount being paid and the expiration of the term of such lease for each leased property) are set forth in the Disclosure Letter
and Property means any of them; 

 " Purchaser "
has the meaning ascribed thereto in the introduction of the Agreement; 

 " Purchaser
Broker Account " means an account opened by the Purchaser with the Broker in accordance with the Broker's standard
procedure; 

 " Purchaser
Broker Account Form " means the Broker's standard "Corporate Account Opening Agreement" to be executed
by the Purchaser in accordance with the Broker Agreement; 

 " Purchaser
Conditions Precedent " means the Conditions Precedent required to be satisfied by the Purchaser, as set forth in Part
1 of Schedule 1; 

 " Purchaser
Warranties " means the representations and warranties made by the Purchaser in Clause 10; 

 " Qualifying
Claim " has the meaning ascribed thereto in paragraph 2.1(a) of Schedule 3; 

 " Related
Party " means, with respect to any person, any party that would be construed as a related party of such person
under the Code or under IFRS IAS 24; 

 " Relevant
Subsidiary " means each of SGEE and IPC; 

 " RO "
means Omani Rial, the national currency of Oman; 

 " Rules "
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 823.3; 

 " Sanctioned
Party " means any person, organization, vessel or government with whom dealings are prohibited by Sanctions; 

 " Sanctions "
means applicable and enforceable economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered, or enforced from time
to time by (i) the European Union, (ii) the U.S. government, including without limitation the list of "Specially Designated
Nationals" and other regulations enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the
Treasury, (iii) the United Nations Security Council, (iv) Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom, (iv) any other national
economic sanctions authority; 

 " SEC "
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; 

 " Securities
Purchase Authorisation " means the authorisation to be given to the Broker, in such form as the Seller and the Purchaser
shall agree, duly executed by the Purchaser to enable the Broker to effect the purchase of Company Shares on behalf of the Purchaser; 

 12 

 " Securities
Sale Authorisation " means the authorisation to be given to the Broker, in such form as the Seller and the Purchaser
shall agree, duly executed by the Seller to enable the Broker to effect the sale of Company Shares on behalf of the Seller; 

 " Seller "
has the meaning ascribed thereto in the introduction of the Agreement, but "Seller" as used in this Agreement also
shall mean Seller, Yasser and Hilal together, because all three have shares to sell and will be allocating consideration received
as agreed among themselves; 

 " Seller
Broker Account " means an account opened by the Seller with the Broker in accordance with the Broker's standard
procedure; 

 " Seller
Broker Account Form " means the Broker's standard "Corporate Account Opening Agreement" to be executed
by the Seller; 

 " Seller
Conditions Precedent " means the Conditions Precedent required to be satisfied by the Seller, as set forth in Part 2
of Schedule 1; 

 " Seller's
Group " means the Seller, its shareholders (including Hilal and Yasser) and their respective Affiliates from time to
time, but excluding the Group Companies; 

 " Seller
Warranties " mean the representations and warranties made by the Seller in Clause 8 and 9, Schedule 2, and Seller
Warranty means any one of them; 

 " Senior
Employees " has the meaning ascribed thereto in paragraph 25.1 of Schedule 2; 

 " SGEE "
means Sino Gulf Enterprises LLC, a limited liability company incorporated in Oman; 

 " Shareholders
Agreement " means the agreement entered into between the shareholders of the Company which is in force as of the Signing
Date; 

 " Shareholder
Approval " has the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 3.8 ; 

 " Signing
Date " has the meaning ascribed thereto in the introduction of the Agreement; 

 " Subsidiaries "
mean all the companies Controlled by the Company and mentioned in Schedule 6 and " Subsidiary " means any of
them; 

 " Tax ",
" Taxes ", and " Taxation " means any and all forms of taxation, duties, levies, imposts and
social security charges, whether direct or indirect in Oman or any of other jurisdictions in which any Group Company is incorporated
or transacts business, including corporate income tax, capital gains tax, wage withholding tax, national social security contributions
and employee social security contributions, value added tax, customs and excise duties, capital tax and other legal transaction
taxes, dividend withholding tax, land taxes, environmental taxes and duties and any other type of taxes or duties payable by virtue
of any applicable national, regional or local law or regulation and which may be due directly or by virtue of joint and several
liability; together with any interest, penalties, surcharges or fines relating to them, due, payable, levied, imposed upon or
claimed to be owed in any relevant jurisdiction; 

 13 

 " Transaction "
means the sale by the Seller to the Purchaser of the Company Shares as at the Completion Date and the sale and purchase of any
other Shares as contemplated by the terms and conditions of this Agreement; 

 " Transaction
Document " means this Agreement, and the Broker Agreement; 

 " USD "
means Unites States Dollars; 

 " Warranties "
mean the Seller Warranties and the Purchaser Warranties and Warranty means any one of them; and 

 " Yasser
Said Al Barami " or " Yasser "has the meaning ascribed thereto in the introduction of the Agreement. 

 1.2 Interpretation 

 In
this Agreement, unless otherwise specified: 

 1.2.1 references
 to any Clause, paragraph or Schedule are to those contained in this Agreement and all
 Schedules to this Agreement are an integral part of this Agreement; 

 1.2.2 headings
 are for ease of reference only and shall not be taken into account in construing this
 Agreement; 

 1.2.3 the
 expression this Clause shall, unless followed by reference to a specific provision, be
 deemed to refer to the whole clause (not merely the sub-clause, paragraph or other provision)
 in which the expression occurs; 

 1.2.4 a
 reference to a Party shall include that Party's successors and permitted assigns; 

 1.2.5 a
 reference to the ordinary course of business shall mean the running of the relevant
 business in accordance with its custom and usual practice and includes the relevant business'
 past transactions and activities; 

 1.2.6 a
 person includes any individual, firm, company, authority, court, government or other
 incorporated or unincorporated body corporate or politic including a Governmental Authority; 

 1.2.7 references
 to documents being in the agreed form shall mean in relation to any documents, the draft
 of the document which has been agreed between the relevant parties thereto and initialed
 on their behalf for the purpose of identification; 

 1.2.8 the
 use of the singular herein shall include the plural and vice versa; 

 14 

 1.2.9 any
 reference to includes or including shall be deemed to be a reference to
 includes (without limitation) or including (without limitation) respectively; 

 1.2.10 a
 reference to a date which is not a Business Day shall be construed as a reference to
 the next succeeding Business Day; 

 1.2.11 all
 references to time and dates are expressed and shall be construed in accordance with
 the Gregorian calendar; and 

 1.2.12 a
 reference to an agreement or other document is a reference to that agreement or document
 as supplemented, amended or novated from time to time. 

 2 Sale
 and Purchase 

 At
the Completion Date, subject to the terms of this Agreement and subject to approval by the Board of Directors and Shareholders
of Purchaser, the Seller and Founders shall sell to the Purchaser and the Purchaser shall purchase from the Seller and the Founders,
the legal and beneficial ownership of the Company Shares free and clear from any Encumbrance and together with all legal and beneficial
rights and benefits attached or accruing to them on Completion including the right to receive all dividends or distributions declared,
made or paid on or after Completion. Each of Hilal and Yasser hereby waives his respective rights in relation to the sale of the
Company Shares by the Seller to the Purchaser under this Agreement including any right of First refusal under the Shareholders
Agreement. 

 3 Consideration
 and Leakage 

 3.1 The
 consideration for the Company Shares acquired under this Agreement (" Consideration ")
 shall be shares of common stock of the Purchaser equivalent to US$184,848,485 (one hundred
 eighty four million eight hundred forty eight thousand four hundred eighty five) LESS
 the following: 

 3.1.1 the
 amount (if any) by which the Group Net Debt at the Completion Date exceeds the Agreed
 Net Debt Amount, and 

 3.1.2 the
 amount of any Completion Leakage. 

 3.2 The
 Purchaser's shares shall have a deemed value of USD 10 per share, so the number
 of shares issued shall be the Consideration calculated under this Clause 3.1 divided
 by 10. 

 3.3 The
 common stock of the Purchaser shall be delivered to Seller and Founders or their respective
 representative in proportion to their respective ownership in the Company. Purchaser,
 by mutual agreement with Seller and Founders, may authorize and approve in writing a
 reduction in the amount of the Company Shares to be transferred to Purchaser on the Completion
 Date, such reduction in no event to be greater than 7% of the total shares of the Company,
 and any reduction in the number of shares shall cause a reduction in the Consideration
 proportionate to the value of US$ 184,848,485 per 61% of Company Shares. 

 15 

 3.4 The
 Seller shall not, and shall procure that no Group Company shall, permit or effect, or
 approve or enter into any arrangement that will result in, any Leakage. 

 3.5 The
 Seller shall notify the Purchaser in writing promptly following the occurrence of any
 Leakage, such notice to include reasonable details thereof. No later than three (3) Business
 Days before the Completion Date, the Seller shall notify the Purchaser in writing of
 the overall amount of any Leakage (the aggregate amount of such Leakage being the " Completion
 Leakage "), such notice to include reasonable details thereof. The amount of
 the Completion Leakage shall be taken into account in the calculation of the Consideration. 

 3.6 If,
 after Completion, the Purchaser becomes aware of any Leakage that has not been reflected
 in the Completion Leakage (and therefore not having been taken into account in the Consideration): 

 3.6.1 the
 Purchaser shall notify the Seller, such notice to include reasonable details thereof;
 and 

 3.6.2 No
 later than ten (10) Business Days after the date on which such notice under Clause 3.6.1
 has been received, the Founders and Seller agree to accept a reduction in the number
 of Purchaser shares issued as consideration to the Founders and Sellers at the rate of
 USD 10 per share as an appropriate adjustment for the Leakage. The Secretary of Purchaser
 and its registered agent are authorized to adjust and reduce the number of shares accordingly,
 subject to any resolution of any amount in dispute. 

 3.6.3 In
 the event that the Parties are unable to agree the quantum of Leakage the Parties shall
 appoint an Independent Valuation Accountant to determine quantum of Leakage. The Independent
 Valuation Accountant shall be requested to determine the quantum of Leakage within ten
 (10) Business Days (or such further days as are reasonably requested by the Independent
 Valuation Accountant) of their appointment and to notify the Parties in writing of their
 determination. Such determination shall be binding upon the Parties, except in the case
 of fraud or manifest error. 

 3.7 The
 Parties hereby agree and acknowledge that any Taxes attributable to the Founders and
 Seller applicable to the sale and transfer of the Company Shares from the Founders and
 Seller to the Purchaser as contemplated by this Agreement shall be the sole responsibility
 of the Founders and Seller and any Taxes attributable to the Purchaser applicable to
 the purchase of the Company Shares by the Purchaser from the Founders and Seller as contemplated
 by this Agreement shall be the sole responsibility of the Purchaser. 

 3.8 Founders
 and Seller acknowledge that the Purchaser is a public company and is required to file
 a proxy statement with the SEC to obtain the approval of its shareholders to the purchase
 of the Company Shares (the " Shareholder Approval "). The Parties acknowledge
 that Purchaser shall have no obligation to pay any consideration or payment in respect
 of the Company Shares until the Shareholder Approval has been obtained. 

 16 

 4 Payment
 of Consideration 

 4.1 Each
 of the Seller and the Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that any payments in cash to
 be made pursuant to this Agreement shall be paid by way of electronic funds transfer
 (into such account as each Party shall notify the other in writing) and consideration
 in Purchaser shares shall be delivered by notice from the registered agent or secretary
 of Purchaser that the Purchaser's shares to be delivered have been recorded in
 the corporate records as owned by Seller, Hilal and Yasser, in their respective numbers
 promptly upon receipt from Broker of assignment to Purchaser, or to its affiliate designated
 in writing by Purchaser, of Company Shares. 

 4.2 At
 the Completion Date, the Seller and the Founders shall deliver to the Broker, selected
 by the Parties to process the sale and purchase of the Company Shares, an executed share
 transfer form to be held in trust by such broker. The said Broker shall be instructed
 by the Founders and the Seller to return the Company Shares to the Founders and the Seller
 in the event that the Shareholder Approval has not been obtained within one year of the
 Signing Date unless waived by the Founders and the Seller. The Purchaser shall provide
 written notice to the said broker and the Founders and the Seller within ten (10) days
 after the Shareholder Approval has been obtained (the " Approval Notice ").
 The said broker shall facilitate the transfer of the Company Shares to the Purchaser
 upon receipt to the Approval Notice. The Purchaser shall record the issuance of common
 stock consideration to the Founders and the Seller upon completion of all conditions
 and receipt of the Company Shares. 

 5 Conditions
 Precedent 

 Conditions
Precedent to Completion 

 5.1 Completion
 shall be subject to and conditional upon the Parties procuring the completion of the
 Conditions Precedent in form and substance satisfactory to the Seller and the Purchaser,
 as applicable, in each case acting reasonably and in good faith. 

 5.2 The
 Purchaser shall use all reasonable endeavors to procure that such Conditions Precedent
 in Part 1 of Schedule 1 are satisfied on or before the Completion Date. In particular
 the Purchaser shall execute, perform and do (or procure to be executed, performed and
 done by third parties as necessary) all such deeds, documents, procedures, acts and things
 as are necessary to procure the satisfaction of those Conditions Precedent as soon as
 practicable. 

 5.3 The
 Seller shall use all reasonable endeavors to procure that such Conditions Precedent in
 Part 2 of Schedule 1 are satisfied on or before the Completion Date. In particular, the
 Seller shall execute, perform and do (or procure to be executed, performed and done by
 third parties as necessary) all such deeds, documents, procedures, acts and things as
 are necessary to procure the satisfaction of those Conditions Precedent as soon as practicable. 

 17 

 5.4 The
 Purchaser may waive any of Conditions Precedent in Part 2 of Schedule 1 (either in whole
 or in part) at any time by giving written notice to the Seller. The Seller may waive
 any of Conditions Precedent in Part 1 of Schedule 1 (either in whole or in part) at any
 time by giving written notice to the Purchaser. 

 5.5 Each
 Party undertakes to disclose in writing to the other: 

 5.5.1 anything
 which will or is reasonably likely to prevent any of the Conditions Precedent from being
 satisfied on or prior to the Completion Date as soon as reasonably practicable upon becoming
 aware of the same; 

 5.5.2 any
 material development relating to the fulfilment of any of the Conditions Precedent as
 soon as reasonably practicable after it comes to its attention. 

 5.6 If
 the Conditions Precedent are not satisfied, or waived in accordance with Clause 5.4,
 on or before the Completion Date then in their absolute discretion, the Completion Date
 may be extended by the Parties to such date as they may agree in writing. 

 5.7 If
 the Conditions Precedent are not satisfied, or, where applicable, waived (in accordance
 with Clause 5.4), by the Completion Date then Clause 13 shall apply. 

 Conditions
Precedent Satisfaction Certificate 

 5.8 Upon
 the fulfilment of the Purchaser Conditions Precedent the Purchaser shall sign, and upon
 fulfilment of the Seller Conditions Precedent the Seller shall sign, a Conditions Precedent
 Satisfaction Certificate with respect to the Purchaser Conditions Precedent and the Seller
 Conditions Precedent respectively. 

 5.9 Following
 the execution of the Conditions Precedent Satisfaction Certificates by the Seller and
 the Purchaser, the Parties shall do or procure that Completion takes place promptly in
 accordance with this Agreement. 

 Identification 

 5.10 Each
 of the Seller and the Purchaser shall arrange for its duly authorized signatory(ies)
 to produce his/their current, valid and original passports as proof of identity when
 executing any documents in respect of the transfer of the Company Shares, or when required
 by any third party in respect of Completion. 

 Other
Matters 

 5.11 The
 Seller undertakes and agrees that by the Completion Date (or such longer period as the
 Seller and the Purchaser may agree) have procured and caused: 

 5.11.1 the
 Group to enter into written documentation with respect to each of the transactions entered
 into by any Group Company with any Related Party, as set out in the Disclosure Letter
 to the extent not entered into prior to the Completion Date 

 18 

 5.11.2 itself
 to transfer to the Company the legal and beneficial title to the Office Building, effective
 on or before the Completion Date, at no cost to the Company and free of any security
 interest, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, right to acquire or any other agreement to
 give or create any of the foregoing. 

 6 Covenants 

 Conduct
of Business 

 6.1 Until
 Completion, the Seller undertakes to the Purchaser that it shall not dispose of or otherwise
 create, grant, extend or permit to subsist any Encumbrance over all or any portion of
 the Company Shares (other than to the Purchaser). The Seller shall notify the Purchaser
 immediately when it becomes aware of any matter, circumstance, act or omission which
 is or may be a breach of Schedule 4. 

 6.2 The
 Seller covenants and agrees that, between the September 30, 2017, and (i) the Completion
 Date; or (ii) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Clause 13, the Seller
 shall cause and procure that the business of each Group Company shall be conducted only
 in the ordinary course of business, and shall use its best endeavors to cause the Group
 to preserve intact its business organization, assets and value, keep available services
 of the current officers, employees and consultants of the Group and the preserve the
 current business operations and relationships of the Group with customers, suppliers,
 contractors, consultants and other persons with which the Group has significant business
 relations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the Seller shall
 procure that the Group shall not take any of the specific actions set out in Schedule
 4 other than in the ordinary course of business or except as expressly contemplated in
 this Agreement. The Seller shall notify the Purchaser immediately when it becomes aware
 of any matter, circumstance, act or omission which is or may be a breach of Schedule
 4 . 

 Access 

 6.3 In
 the period between the Signing Date and the Completion Date, the Seller shall, and shall
 cause the Group to, procure that the Purchaser and any person authorized by it on provision
 of adequate notice and during normal business hours: 

 6.3.1 is
 given full access to all books and records, documents, information, data and financial
 affairs, including the statutory books, minute books, contracts, customer lists, and
 leases of the Group; 

 6.3.2 may
 visit and inspect any premises of the Group and discuss the affairs, finances and accounts
 of the Group with its officers and employees; and 

 6.3.3 may
 contact and discuss the business, assets, and financial affairs of the Group with any
 senior employee, senior officer or representative of the Group identified by the Seller
 for such discussions. 

 19 

 Exclusivity 

 6.4 Except
 with respect to this Agreement, between the Signing Date and (i) the Completion Date
 or (ii) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Clause 13, the Seller shall
 not, and shall procure that the Group shall not, and each of their respective representatives,
 directors, managers, employees, agents and advisors shall not: 

 6.4.1 solicit,
 initiate, consider, encourage or accept any other proposals or offers from, or provide
 any information to, any party in respect of the sale of all or part of the share capital
 in the Company; or 

 6.4.2 enter
 into any agreement (or grant any option or right) to sell, transfer or otherwise legally
 and/or beneficially dispose of the share capital of the Group, or the whole or any material
 part of the business or assets of the Group to any party; or 

 6.4.3 enter
 into any discussions, conversations, negotiations or other communications with any third
 party in respect of the foregoing. 

 6.5 Between
 the Signing Date and (i) the Completion Date or (ii) termination of this Agreement in
 accordance with Clause 13, the Seller shall refrain, and ensure that the Group refrains,
 from taking any action the purpose or effect of which could reasonably be expected to
 frustrate the ability of the Parties to pursue and complete the Transaction. 

 Inter-Group
Loans 

 6.6 The
 Seller shall procure that on Completion all Financial Indebtedness owing immediately
 before Completion between any Group Company and the Company or between any Group Company
 and any Affiliate and/or any direct or indirect shareholders of the Company has been
 satisfied in full or will be satisfied in full on Completion. 

 Covenants
of Purchaser 

 6.7 Purchaser
 shall take and/ or procure the taking of all necessary corporate actions (including but
 not limited to seeking and obtaining the approval of its shareholders) so as to procure
 that with effect from Completion: 

 6.8 The
 Seller shall be entitled to a minimum of two (2) board seats on the Purchaser's
 board of directors. Furthermore, the Seller shall have the right to additional board
 seats in the case of a larger sized board. 

 6.9 The
 Seller and the Founders shall be accorded the status of founder members of NESR in reference
 materials. 

 20 

 6.10 Each
 of the Founders shall additionally be entitled to receive an annual payment of USD 1,000,000,
 excluding any other rights the Founders may have under this Agreement or any other agreements,
 for a period of five years. The first Annual Payment shall be made on Completion and
 each subsequent Annual Payment shall be made on each successive anniversary of the Completion
 provided that in the event the Company is consolidated, or amalgamated with, or merges
 with, or into, or transfers all (or substantially all) its assets to another entity and
 the remaining, surviving or transferee entity, as the case may be, fails to assume the
 Company's obligations to pay the Founders the aforesaid annual payments, then Purchaser
 agrees and undertakes to assume such obligations and to make all such payments in accordance
 with the provisions of this Clause 6.10 in the place and stead of the Company. 

 6.11 Purchaser
 shall use its best efforts promptly after purchasing Company Shares to replace all external
 credit support provided by the Seller and/ or other credit support providers to the Company's
 lenders in relation to credit facilities advanced to the Company and thereby procure
 the release of the Seller and/ or other credit support providers from all such credit
 support obligations. 

 Management 

 6.12 The
 Company shall require each director of the Company to tender a resignation to become
 effective upon Completion. 

 6.13 The
 Shareholders Agreement shall expire or be terminated before Completion. 

 Deed
of Transfer 

 6.14 Seller
 and Founders shall cooperate with NESR to ensure that the transfer of shares contemplated
 by this Agreement shall comply with all of the requirements of Omani law. Seller and
 Founders thereby agree to enter with NESR a deed of transfer of Company Shares to any
 affiliate designated by NESR and to provide Broker with such deed of transfer with instructions
 to comply therewith. 

 7 Completion
 and Post Completion Obligations 

 7.1 On
 the Completion Date, the Broker in accordance with the terms of the Broker Agreement
 shall: 

 7.1.1 transfer
 the legal and beneficial ownership of the Company Shares to Purchaser free from any Encumbrance; 

 7.1.2 Carry
 out any other actions required by the Broker on Completion. 

 7.2 Following
 Completion, the shareholders of the Company shall cooperate with the Company in good
 faith with respect to the identification and negotiation of third party loan financing
 for the Company, provided however that no shareholder shall be required to provide any
 form of guarantee in relation to such financing. It is clarified that no later than 90
 days following the Completion Date, Purchaser shall procure the release of all guarantees
 and other security provided by the Seller to the Company's lenders in respect of
 financing advanced to the Company. 

 21 

 8 Undertaking,
 Representations and Warranties 

 8.1 Each
 Party undertakes, represents and warrants to each other Party that each of the following
 statements is true, accurate and not misleading as at the Signing Date, and represents
 and warrants that they will be true, accurate and not misleading at the Completion Date
 as if repeated immediately prior to Completion: 

 8.1.1 it
 is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the country
 of its incorporation and is duly qualified to do business and perform the transactions
 contemplated under this Agreement (and each other Transaction Document to which it is
 or will be a party); 

 8.1.2 it
 has the complete, exclusive and unrestricted right, power and authority to enter into,
 execute and perform this Agreement (and each other Transaction Document to which it is
 or will be a party), and this Agreement (and each other Transaction Document to which
 it is or will be a party) shall, following its execution, constitute a legal, valid and
 binding obligation of such Party; 

 8.1.3 it
 has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution and performance of this Agreement
 and each other Transaction Document; 

 8.1.4 it
 has the complete, exclusive and unrestricted right, power and authority to take any action
 and to enter into and execute any documents, applications, forms or agreements required
 by the terms herein; 

 8.1.5 neither
 the execution and delivery of this Agreement (and each other Transaction Document to
 which it is or will be a party), the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein
 and therein or the fulfilment of, or compliance with, the terms and conditions of this
 Agreement (and each other Transaction Document to which it is or will be a party), conflict
 with or result in a breach of or a default under any of the terms, conditions or provisions
 of any legal restriction (including without limitation, any judgment, order, injunction,
 decree or ruling of any court or Governmental Authority, or any law, statute, rule or
 regulation), or any covenant or agreement or instrument to which such Party is now a
 party, or by which such Party or any of its assets or property is bound, nor does such
 execution, delivery, consummation or compliance violate or result in the violation of
 any of such Party's constitutional documents; and 

 8.1.6 no
 representation, covenant, warranty or other statement made by itself in this Agreement
 any other document or agreement referred to herein contains any untrue statement or omits
 to state a material fact necessary to make any of them, in light of the circumstances
 in which it was made, not misleading. 

 8.2 Each
 Party shall immediately (and in any event before Completion) notify the other Party in
 writing of anything of which the notifying Party is or becomes aware which renders or
 is likely to render any of its Warranties untrue, inaccurate or misleading. 

 22 

 8.3 Any
 notice given under this Clause 7 in relation to any matter or circumstance shall not,
 for the avoidance of doubt, operate as a disclosure or prevent the Purchaser from making
 any Indemnity Claim arising from that matter or circumstance. 

 8.4 The
 Seller shall, and the Founders hereby warrant and undertake to the Purchaser to procure
 that following the Signing Date the Seller shall: 

 8.4.1 comply
 with its obligations under the Transaction Documents; 

 8.4.2 procure
 the release of any security over the assets of any Group Company (including shares in
 any other Group Company) and any guarantees given by any Group Company, or as soon as
 reasonably practicable following Completion and in all cases within 10 Business Days;
 and 

 8.4.3 at
 all times ensure that it maintains net assets of not less than USD 55,000,000 (fifty-five
 million). 

 9 Seller
 Warranties 

 9.1 The
 Seller warrants to the Purchaser that each of the Seller Warranties is true, accurate
 and not misleading as at the Signing Date and at the Completion Date. 

 9.2 In
 each Seller Warranty, where any statement is qualified as being made so far as the Seller
 is aware or any similar expression, such statement shall be deemed to refer to the actual
 knowledge or awareness of Nat Vora, Hilal, Yasser, Adila Harib Al Ismaili, Azzam Kaddour
 and Hamza Qarooni (the " Awareness Persons "), having made reasonable
 enquiries for the purposes of disclosure against the Seller Warranties. 

 9.3 Each
 of the Seller Warranties shall be construed as: 

 9.3.1 a
 separate and independent warranty; and 

 9.3.2 unless
 expressly provided in this Agreement, shall not be limited by reference to any other
 sub-clause of Clause 8 or Clause 9 or any paragraph in Schedule 2 and the Purchaser shall
 have a separate claim and right of action in respect of every breach of a Seller Warranty. 

 9.4 The
 Seller Warranties shall not in any respect be extinguished or affected by Completion. 

 9.5 The
 provisions of Schedule 3 apply, to the extent set out therein, to limit the liability
 of the Seller with respect to a Claim or Indemnity Claim under this Agreement. 

 9.6 The
 Seller acknowledges that the Purchaser has entered into this Agreement in reliance on,
 among other things, the Seller Warranties. 

 23 

 9.7 The
 Seller represents that it has procured and caused the Company or any other Group Company
 to complete the Minority Interests Acquisition, with the acquisition of the Minority
 Interests to be implemented and completed pursuant to sale and purchase agreements between
 the applicable Minority Interest Sellers and an applicable Group Company (which agreements
 shall be on terms acceptable to the Purchaser, acting reasonably). Seller represents
 that it has provided Purchaser within 15 days of the Completion Date with sufficient
 documentation to the reasonable satisfaction of Purchaser to prove that all Minority
 Interest Acquisitions have been completed. 

 9.8 Seller
 extends the warranties to Purchaser that are set forth in this Agreement, including those
 warranties in Sections 8, 9 and Schedule 2, to apply to the purchase by Purchaser or
 its affiliates of any and all shares of the Company that are acquired after September
 30, 2017, directly from Seller or indirectly from a purchaser from Seller pursuant to
 any agreement whatsoever, and Seller's indemnity obligations of Section 11.1 shall
 apply thereto. 

 10 Purchaser
 Warranties 

 10.1 The
 purchaser warrants to the Seller that each of the Purchaser Warranties is true, accurate
 and not misleading as at the Signing Date and at the Completion Date. 

 10.2 Each
 of the Purchaser Warranties: 

 10.2.1 shall
 be construed as a separate and independent warranty; and 

 10.2.2 shall
 not be limited by reference to any other sub-clause of Clause 7 and the Seller shall
 have a separate claim and right of action in respect of every breach of a Purchaser Warranty. 

 10.3 The
 Purchaser Warranties shall not in any respect be extinguished or affected by Completion. 

 11 Indemnities 

 11.1 Without
 prejudice to any other right or remedy available to the Purchaser, the Seller agrees
 and undertakes to fully indemnify, keep indemnified and hold harmless the Purchaser,
 the Company and the Purchaser's shareholders from and against any losses, damages,
 liabilities, claims, diminution of value, interest, awards, judgments, penalties, costs
 or expenses (including legal and other professional fees, costs and out-of-pocket expenses
 incurred in investigating, preparing or defending the foregoing) (collectively, " Losses ")
 asserted against, suffered or incurred from time to time by any of the foregoing arising
 out of or resulting from: 

 11.1.1 any
 breach of the Fundamental and Tax Warranties or Seller Warranties; 

 11.1.2 any
 Taxation payable, but not yet due, by the Group in relation to any event occurring or
 any income, gains or profits made or received prior to the Completion for any period
 up to and including up to the Accounts Date; 

 11.1.3 the
 Existing Disputes, to the extent that such Losses exceed USD 7,000,000 (seven million);
 and 

 24 

 11.1.4 the
 transfer of title of the Office Building to the Company, including any failure to transfer
 the same to the Company in accordance with the requirements of Clause 5.11.2. 

 11.2 The
 Seller shall have no liability for any Indemnity Claim, in the following circumstances: 

 11.2.1 if
 the relevant Indemnity Claim would not have arisen but for a voluntary act or omission
 made after the Completion Date by the Purchaser; 

 11.2.2 unless
 and until the contingent liability to which the relevant Indemnity Claim relates becomes
 an actual liability and is due and payable; and 

 11.2.3 if
 the relevant Indemnity Claim concerns Losses suffered by the Company arising from acts
 done by the Company before the Completion Date at the Purchaser's express written
 request. 

 11.3 For
 the avoidance of doubt, nothing in Schedule 3 or in the Disclosure Letter shall qualify
 or limit the liability of the Seller in relation to (i) Clause 11.1; or (ii) any fraud
 or willful misconduct on the part of the Seller. 

 12 Indemnity
 Claims 

 12.1 In
 respect of an Indemnity Claim: 

 12.1.1 the
 Purchaser shall notify the Seller in writing of any Indemnity Claim within 60 Business
 Days after the Purchaser becomes aware of the event giving rise to the Indemnity Claim.
 The Purchaser shall in its notice to the Seller specify the amount claimed, if known,
 and explain in reasonable detail (to the extent such information is available at the
 time of the relevant Indemnity Claim) the matter which gives rise to the relevant Indemnity
 Claim (although failure to give such detail shall not invalidate the notice of such Indemnity
 Claim); 

 12.1.2 the
 Seller, acting reasonably, following receipt of an Indemnity Claim and in any event no
 later than 30 days thereof, shall either: 

 (a) accept
 such Indemnity Claim and confirm the same in writing (the " Acceptance Letter ")
 and make payment to the Purchaser of the Indemnity Claim in settlement of all liabilities
 arising from such Indemnity Claim within a period of a further 30 days from the date
 of the Acceptance Letter; or 

 (b) notify
 the Purchaser in writing that it intends to dispute the Indemnity Claim. 

 25 

 12.2 The
 Seller's failure to reply to the Purchaser's notice of Indemnity Claim within
 the 30 Business Days' notice period stipulated under Clause 12.1.2 above (unless
 the Seller can demonstrate that its failure to reply within said stipulated timeframe
 is due to circumstances which are unavoidable, unforeseeable and beyond the control of
 the Seller, in which case the timeframe to reply shall be extended for the same period
 during which said circumstances subsist) shall be deemed an acceptance of the veracity
 and validity of the Indemnity Claim and the provisions of Clause 12.1 shall not be applicable
 and shall be deemed to have been forfeited by the Seller and the Seller shall, subject
 to Clauses 12.3 and 12.4, pay the Indemnity Claim within a further period of 30 days. 

 12.3 If
 the Indemnity Claim raised through the notice sent by the Purchaser according to Clause
 12.1.1 and/or 12.1.2 is challenged by the Seller in accordance with Clause 12.1.2(b),
 then during a period of 30 (thirty) Business Days following the giving of the notice
 by the Seller under Clause 12.1.2(b)) preceding, the Seller and the Purchaser shall attempt
 to resolve any differences which they may have with respect to any matters constituting
 the subject matter of such notice. If, at the end of such period, the Seller and the
 Purchaser fail to reach an agreement in writing with respect to all such matters, then
 all matters as to which an agreement is not so reached may be submitted to arbitration
 pursuant to Clause 23. 

 12.4 The
 Purchaser shall not be entitled to initiate proceedings in respect of an Indemnity Claim
 after the expiry of a term of six (6) months after the date on which the Purchaser gives
 notice pursuant to Clause 12.1.1 in relation to that Indemnity Claim. 

 13 Termination 

 13.1 Subject
 to Clause 13.3, this Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Completion
 Date: 

 13.1.1 by
 the Purchaser if, between the Signing Date and the Completion Date: 

 (a) an
 event or condition occurs that has resulted in 

 (i) a
 loss in revenue of the Group of USD 25,000,000 per annum; or 

 (ii) a
 financial liability of USD 10,000,000; or 

 (b) any
 Seller Warranties (A) that are not qualified by "materiality" or "Material
 Adverse Effect" shall not have been true and correct in all material respects when
 made or (B) that are qualified by "materiality" or "Material Adverse
 Effect" shall not have been true and correct when made; or 

 (c) the
 Seller shall not have complied in all material respects with the covenants or agreements
 contained in this Agreement to be complied with by them; or 

 (d) the
 Seller or any Group Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors,
 or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against the Seller or the Group Company seeking
 to adjudicate any of them as bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking any of their liquidation,
 winding up or reorganization, or seeking any arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief
 or composition of any of their debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency
 or reorganization, 

 26 

 13.1.2 by
 the Seller if, between the Signing Date and the Completion Date: 

 (a) the
 Purchaser shall not have complied in all material respect with the covenants or agreements
 contained in this Agreement to be complied by it; 

 (b) the
 Purchaser makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or any proceeding
 shall be instituted by or against the Purchaser seeking to adjudicate the Purchaser as
 bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking its liquidation, winding up or reorganization, or seeking
 any arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief or composition of its debts under any
 law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, 

 13.1.3 by
 either the Seller or the Purchaser if: 

 (a) all
 the Conditions Precedent are not satisfied, or waived, in accordance with Clause 5.4
 on or before the Completion Date 

 provided,
however , that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Clause 13.1 shall not be available to any Party whose failure
to fulfil any obligation under this Agreement shall have been the cause of, or shall have resulted in, the failure of any Conditions
to be satisfied and/or Completion to occur on or prior to Long Stop Date or the Final Long Stop Date, as applicable; or 

 13.1.4 by
 the written consent of the Seller and the Purchaser. 

 13.2 In
 the event of termination of this Agreement as provided in this Clause 15, this Agreement
 shall forthwith become void and there shall be no liability on the part of any Party
 except in relation to the following clauses, which shall survive termination of this
 Agreement: (a) Clause 0 ( Definitions and Interpretation ), this Clause 13.2, Clause
 18 ( Remedies and Waivers ), Clause 21 ( Notices ), Clause 22 ( Confidentiality )
 and Clause 23 ( Governing Law and Jurisdiction ) provided that nothing herein shall
 relieve any Party from liability for any breach of this Agreement. 

 Any
right of termination arising under Clause 813.1, which derives from an actual or perceived breach of the Warranties, shall not
be exercisable before the Party in breach (or apparent breach) has first been afforded a period of 15 calendar days after having
received a notice to that effect from the Party seeking to rely on the breach (or apparent breach), to rectify such breach to
such an extent as to remedy the effect that would otherwise have been caused (and upon which the right of termination would otherwise
have been based). 

 27 

 14 Costs
 and Expenses 

 The
reasonable cost and expenses incurred by the Seller and the Company supported by third party invoices in relation to the negotiation,
preparation and consummation of this transaction, including but not limited to respective attorneys' fees in connection
thereto, shall be borne by the Company if Completion occurs, provided that such costs and expenses incurred by Company as reimbursements
to and incurred by third parties other than legal counsel to Seller as reimbursements related to negotiation or consummation for
purchase of Company stock shall not exceed USD 750,000 (seven hundred fifty thousand). If such reimbursement to third parties
exceeds that amount, Seller's costs to be paid or reimbursed shall be reduced by such excess. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
excluded from such costs and expense referenced in the first sentence of this Clause 14 to be paid or reimbursed by Company are
any investment banking, financial advisory, brokerage commissions (other than Broker costs), attorney's fees, or similar
fees that were in part dependent upon the closing of any portion of the Transaction to the extent that such commissions and fees
exceed USD 750,000 (seven hundred fifty thousand) in the aggregate with any other fees and expenses or costs paid by the Company
in connection with any other sale of shares of stock in the Company since August 30, 2017. 

 15 Successors,
 Transfers and Assignment 

 This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns; provided
that this Agreement (and any of the rights, benefits, interests or obligations of any Party hereunder) may not be assigned, transferred
or held in trust by any Party without the prior written consent of the other Party (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld),
with the exception that Purchaser shall have the right within its sole discretion to assign this Agreement to any of its affiliates,
in which case the affiliate must still deliver shares of stock in Purchaser. 

 16 Entire
 Agreement 

 The
Transaction Documents set out the entire agreement between the Parties relating to the Transaction. The Transaction Documents
supersede all previous arrangements, negotiations, discussions and agreements between the Parties relating to the Transaction. 

 17 Amendment
 to the Agreement 

 This
Agreement may be amended, waived or modified only by an instrument in writing signed by each of the Parties hereto. 

 18 Remedies
 and Waivers 

 No
Waiver or Discharge 

 18.1 No
 breach by any Party of any provision of this Agreement shall be waived or discharged
 except with the express written consent of the other Parties. 

 28 

 Effect
of Failure or Delay 

 18.2 No
 failure or delay by a Party in exercising any right, power or privilege under this Agreement
 or at law shall operate as a waiver of that right, power or privilege and no single or
 partial exercise by a Party of any right, power or privilege shall preclude any further
 exercise of that right, power or privilege or the exercise of any other right, power
 or privilege of such Party under this Agreement or any applicable laws. 

 Rights,
Benefits and Remedies Cumulative 

 The
rights, benefits and remedies provided in this Agreement are cumulative. 

 19 Counterparts 

 Number
and Effectiveness of Counterparts 

 19.1 This
 Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts. A Party may enter into this
 Agreement by executing a counterpart, but this Agreement shall not be effective until
 each Party has executed at least one counterpart. 

 One
Instrument 

 19.2 Each
 counterpart shall constitute an original of this Agreement but all the counterparts together
 constitute the same instrument. 

 20 Invalidity 

 The
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability
of any other provision of this Agreement under any applicable laws. 

 21 Notices 

 Service 

 Any
notice or other communication to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be (i) delivered by hand; or (ii)
delivered by courier to be served at the address specified below: 

 21.1 The
 Seller 

 Address: P.O.
 Box 786, Postal Code 116, Mina Al Fahal, Oman 

 Attention: Mr.
 Nat Vora 

 Copy
 to: Mr.
 Hilal Al Busaidy 

 29 

 21.2 Purchaser 

 Address: 777
 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 730, Houston, Texas 77056 

 Attention: Mr.
 Sherif Foda 

 Copy
 to: 
 Dhiraj
 Dudeja 

 or
to such other address as a Party may notify to the other Parties in writing as being its address for such purpose. 

 Receipt 

 Any
notice or communication shall be deemed to have been received (i) if by hand, on the day of delivery thereof to the receiving
Party or (ii) if by courier, on the day of delivery thereof to the receiving Party or (iii) if by email, on the day of delivery
to the receiving Party provided the sender has a confirmation that the email was delivered. 

 22 Confidentiality 

 Each
Party agrees that the terms of this Agreement and any information disclosed prior to the Signing Date shall be considered confidential
information and the Parties shall not disclose the existence of this Agreement or any of its terms to any third party, either
during the term of the Agreement or thereafter, and only disclose such information to such of its directors, officers, employees,
agents or professional advisers who have a need to know such information, except in each case where such disclosure is required
to be made by law or by any Governmental Authority or is made in connection with dispute resolution proceedings pursuant to Clause
23. 

 23 Governing
 Law and Jurisdiction 

 This
Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it shall be governed by the laws of England
and Wales. 

 23.1 In
 the event of any dispute between any of the Parties arising out of or relating to this
 Agreement (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out
 of or in connection with this Agreement), representatives of the parties in dispute shall,
 within ten (10) Business Days of service of a written notice from either party to the
 other (a " Disputes Notice" ), hold a meeting (a " Dispute Meeting ")
 in an effort to resolve the dispute. In the absence of agreement to the contrary the
 Dispute Meeting shall be held at the registered office for the time being of the Company. 

 23.2 Each
 Party shall use all reasonable endeavours to send a representative who has authority
 to settle the dispute to attend the Dispute Meeting. 

 23.3 Any
 dispute which is not resolved within twenty (20) Business Days after the service of a
 Disputes Notice, whether or not a Dispute Meeting has been held, shall, at the request
 of either Party made within twenty (20) Business Days of the Disputes Notice being served,
 shall be referred to and finally settled by arbitration under the DIFC-LCIA Arbitration
 Rules (the " Rules "), which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by
 reference into this Clause 3. The seat, or legal place, of arbitration shall be the DIFC. 

 30 

 23.4 The
 number of arbitrators shall be three (3). The Purchaser will nominate one arbitrator
 and the Seller will nominate one arbitrator. The third arbitrator, who shall act as chairman,
 shall jointly be nominated by the other two (2) arbitrators. 

 23.5 The
 language to be used in the arbitration shall be English. 

 23.6 Any
 requirement in the Rules to take account of the nationality of a person considered for
 appointment as an arbitrator shall not apply and a person may be nominated or appointed
 as an arbitrator (including as chairman) regardless of his nationality. 

 23.7 The
 award made by the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties and may be enforced
 in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the extent permissible by law, the parties
 hereby waive any right to appeal the decision of the arbitrator. 

 23.8 Notwithstanding
 the foregoing, the parties agree that any of them may seek interim measures including
 injunctive relief in relation to the provisions of this Agreement or the parties'
 performance of it from any court of competent jurisdiction. 

 31 

 Schedule
1 Conditions Precedent 

 Part
1 

 1 Purchaser
 Conditions 

 1.1 Execution
 by the Purchaser of the Purchaser Broker Account Form. 

 1.2 Appointment
 of the Broker. 

 1.3 Opening
 by the Purchaser of the Purchaser Broker Account. 

 1.4 Opening
 by the Purchaser of an account with MCDC. 

 1.5 Signing
 of a Securities Purchase Authorisation on behalf of the Purchaser by a duly authorised
 signatory (or signatories) directing and instructing the Broker to purchase the Company
 Shares from the Seller. 

 1.6 Approval
 by the shareholders of Purchaser of the Agreement 

 Part
2 

 2 Seller
 Conditions 

 2.1 Execution
 by the Seller of the Seller Broker Account Form. 

 2.2 Appointment
 of the Broker. 

 2.3 Opening
 by the Seller of the Seller Broker Account. 

 2.4 The
 Seller shall procure that the Broker obtains the approval of the MSM to the transfer
 of the Company Shares from the Seller to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement. 

 2.5 The
 Seller shall procure that an executed copy of this Agreement is delivered to the Broker
 for its record and information promptly the execution of this Agreement by the Parties. 

 2.6 The
 Seller Warranties shall have been true, accurate and not misleading at the Signing Date
 and at Completion. 

 2.7 The
 covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement to be complied with by the Seller
 on or before the Closing shall have been complied with. 

 2.8 There
 shall not be any pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding, claim, arbitration or
 litigation relating to the Transaction. 

 2.9 No
 event shall have occurred, or be reasonably likely to occur, which individually or in
 the aggregate, have, or could have, a Material Adverse Effect. 

 32 

 2.10 The
 Seller and the Company having received any third party approvals required pursuant to
 any agreement. 

 2.11 The
 Seller shall procure that a Securities Sale Authorisation is duly executed on behalf
 of the Seller by duly authorised signatory or signatories directing and instructing the
 Broker to transfer legal and beneficial ownership of the Company Shares from the Seller
 to the Purchaser. 

 2.12 The
 Seller shall obtain waivers (if required) from its existing shareholders in respect of
 their rights of first refusal, under any shareholder agreement or other agreement, related
 to the sale of any Company Shares. 

 2.13 The
 Seller shall do all such things necessary in accordance with any applicable laws, particularly
 the rules and regulations of the MOCI, MCDC and MSM, for the sale of the Company Shares
 to the Purchaser. 

 2.14 The
 Seller shall have delivered to the Purchaser the Disclosure Letter, the form and contents
 of which (including the lists of Properties, Permits, Material Contracts and arrangements
 with Related Parties, as referred to in the definition of 'Properties' in
 Clause 1.1 and in paragraphs 13.2, 16.1 and 27.1 respectively of Schedule 2) shall be
 acceptable to the Purchaser at its sole discretion, which Disclosure Letter shall have
 been signed on behalf of the Purchaser in acknowledgement of receipt. 

 2.15 The
 Seller shall have delivered to the Purchaser the unaudited management accounts of the
 Group for the month of June 2017 and for the six month period ended 30 June 2017, which
 accounts shall be acceptable to the Purchaser at its sole discretion. 

 2.16 The
 Seller, the Purchaser and the Broker shall have agreed the terms of, and shall have entered
 into, the Broker Agreement. 

 2.17 The
 Purchaser shall have received from the Seller a signed Condition Precedent Satisfaction
 Certificate confirming satisfaction of the above Conditions Precedent. 

 2.18 The
 Purchaser shall have received from the Seller an executed counterpart of the Broker Agreement; 

 2.19 The
 Purchaser shall have received a certificate duly executed by the Seller certifying that
 since the Signing Date neither Group Company has made or paid any Leakage. 

 2.20 The
 Purchaser shall have received a certificate duly executed by the Seller certifying that
 the Group Net Debt as at the Completion Date does not exceed the Agreed Net Debt Amount. 

 33 

 Schedule
2 Seller Warranties 

 1 Power
 to sell the Company Shares 

 1.1 The
 Seller has full power, capacity and authority to sell the legal and beneficial ownership
 of the Company Shares and no consent or approval is required from any person to enable
 the Seller to transfer or sell the Company Shares. 

 1.2 The
 execution, delivery and performance by the Seller of this Agreement and, subject to the
 satisfaction of the Conditions Precedent, the performance of the obligations of the Seller
 under it do not and will not constitute a default under any provision of: 

 (a) any
 Transaction Document to which the Seller or any of the Group Companies is a party; 

 (b) the
 constitutional and corporate documents of the Seller or any of the Group Companies; or 

 (c) so
 far as the Seller is aware, any law, order, judgment, award, injunction or decree by
 which the Seller or any of the Group Companies is bound. 

 2 Capitalisation
 of the Companies 

 2.1 The
 particulars relating to the Group set out in Schedule 6 to this Agreement are true, accurate
 and not misleading. 

 2.2 The
 shares of each Group Company were validly issued and are fully paid and were not issued
 in violation of any pre-emption right. 

 3 Incorporation
 of each Group Company 

 3.1 Each
 Group Company is a company validly existing under the laws of its incorporation with
 necessary corporate power and authority to conduct its business as presently conducted. 

 3.2 The
 certificate of incorporation and articles (or other organisational documents) of the
 Group Companies Disclosed to the Purchaser are up to date, valid and in force. 

 4 Ownership
 of Shares 

 4.1 Save
 and except for statutory pre-emption rights and statutory rights of first refusal there
 are no options, warrants, convertible securities or other rights, agreements, arrangements
 or commitments of any character relating to the shares of any Group Company obligating
 either the Seller or any Group Company to issue or sell any shares, or any other interest
 in, any Group Company. 

 34 

 5 Subsidiaries 

 5.1 Other
 than as set out in Schedule 6, no Group Company is the holder or beneficial owner of,
 nor has agreed to acquire any shares of any other company. 

 5.2 No
 Group Company has filed for any insolvency proceedings, composition proceeding or voluntary
 arrangements, nor are, to the best of the Sellers' knowledge, any such proceedings
 pending at the Signing Date. 

 5.3 So
 far as the Seller is aware, no Group Company has received any written notification from
 any competent governmental or regulatory authority requiring any such Group Company to
 adjust its share capital in order to be compliant with applicable laws of its jurisdiction
 of incorporation. 

 6 Title
 to Shares and Issued Shares 

 6.1 The
 Company Shares are all duly issued and fully paid-up shares of the Company. 

 6.2 The
 Seller is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Company Shares and is entitled to
 transfer the legal and beneficial title to all the Company Shares on the terms and subject
 to the conditions set out in this Agreement free from all Encumbrances without the consent
 or approval, of any person. 

 6.3 Save
 and except for the statutory pre-emption rights and statutory rights of first refusal
 there is no Encumbrance on or affecting any of the shares of any Group Company and no
 commitment to create any such Encumbrance over the shares of any Group Company has been
 given, nor has any person claimed or threatened to claim any rights to such Encumbrance. 

 7 Rights
 of third parties 

 No
person has the right to call for the issue of any share or loan capital of the Company by reason of any conversion rights or under
any option or other agreement. 

 8 The
 Accounts 

 8.1 The
 Accounts (i) are complete and correct and have been prepared in accordance with the IFRS;
 (ii) are audited by a statutory licensed auditor who has given an auditor's certificate
 without question; (iii) show a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group
 as at the Accounts Date; (iv) do not misstate the assets and liabilities of the Group
 as at, nor the profits and losses of the Group for, the period ended on the Accounts
 Date; and (v): 

 (a) contain,
 to the extent required by IFRS, either provisions adequate to cover, or full particulars
 in notes of, all Taxation (including deferred taxation) and other liabilities (whether
 quantified, contingent or otherwise) of the Group as at the Accounts Date; 

 35 

 (b) to
 the extent required by IFRS, are not affected by any unusual or non-recurring items;
 and 

 (c) will
 be duly filed in accordance with applicable law. 

 8.2 Since
 the August 31, 2017 

 (a) no
 dividend or other distribution has been declared, paid or made by the Company; 

 (b) the
 business of the Group has been carried on in the ordinary course of business; 

 (c) there
 has been no event, change or occurrence which (individually or together with any other
 event, change or occurrence) has had, or could reasonably be expected to cause a Material
 Adverse Effect insofar as it impacts the Group or the Seller; 

 (d) the
 Group has not lost any important customer or source of supply or been affected by any
 abnormal trading factor which has adversely effected the Group's revenue by more
 than USD 1,000,000 and the Seller is not aware of any facts likely to give rise to any
 such effect whether before or after Completion; 

 (e) no
 debtor has been released by the Group on terms that he pays less than the book value
 of any debt in excess of USD 100,000 and no debt has been written off or has proved to
 be irrecoverable to any extent; 

 (f) the
 Group has not issued, redeemed, bought back or otherwise cancelled any of its share capital; 

 (g) no
 security interest, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, right to acquire or any other agreement
 to give or create any of the foregoing has been created on, over, or affecting the assets
 of the Group except in the ordinary course of business; 

 (h) the
 Group has not sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of any fixed asset, except in the
 ordinary course of business; 

 (i) the
 Group has not made any capital expenditure, nor has any commitment to make any capital
 expenditure been entered into by the Group that is currently outstanding, except in the
 ordinary course of business; 

 (j) no
 change has been made in any accounting policies or practices of the Group; 

 (k) there
 has been no material deterioration in the values of any of the fixed assets or properties
 such that the market value of any fixed asset or property is less than the value attributed
 to it in the Accounts; 

 (l) no
 supplier to the Group has ceased, or threatened to cease, supplying goods or services
 to the Group; 

 36 

 (m) no
 asset of a value or price in excess of USD 5,000,000 in the aggregate has been acquired
 or disposed of or agreed to be acquired or disposed of by the Group, and no contract
 involving capital expenditure in excess of USD 5,000,000 individually or USD 5,000,000
 in the aggregate in total has been entered into by the Group; 

 (n) no
 event has occurred which would entitle any third party (with or without the giving of
 notice) to call for the repayment of indebtedness of the Group prior to the normal maturity
 date; 

 (o) the
 Group did not incur any Financial Indebtedness in excess of USD 5,000,000; 

 (p) the
 Group did not make any loan to, guarantee any Financial Indebtedness of, or otherwise
 incurred any Financial Indebtedness on behalf of, any person not part of the Group; 

 (q) the
 Group did not enter into any agreement, arrangement or transaction with any of its: employees,
 except in the ordinary course of business; directors; officers; or shareholders, (or
 with any beneficiary or Affiliate of the aforementioned persons); 

 (r) other
 than as required by applicable law or in the ordinary course of business the Group did
 not grant any increase or announce any increase in the wages, salaries, compensation,
 bonuses, incentives, pension or other benefits payable by the Group to any of its employees; 

 (s) the
 Group did not write down or write up (or fail to write down or write up in accordance
 with IFRS as applied in Oman, consistent with past practice) the value of any inventories
 or receivables or revalue any of the Assets other than in the ordinary course of business
 and in accordance with IFRS as applied in Oman; 

 (t) the
 Group did not fail to renew any material insurance policy or any material Permit that
 is scheduled to terminate or expire before Completion; 

 (u) the
 Group did not amend, modify or consent to the termination of any Material Contract; and 

 (v) the
 Group did not agree, whether in writing or otherwise, to take any of the actions specified
 in this paragraph 8.2. 

 9 Management
 Accounts 

 9.1 The
 Management Accounts have been prepared in good faith, on the same basis and in accordance
 with the same accounting standards and principles as the Accounts, and give a true, accurate
 and fair view of the income and expenditure of the Group for the period to which they
 relate and the assets and liabilities of the Group as at the applicable balance sheet
 date. 

 37 

 10 Power
 of Attorney 

 10.1 With
 the exception of powers of attorney granted for administrative purposes or for the purposes
 of local court proceedings, there are no powers of attorney granted by the Group, which
 are currently in force and that have any authority to bind the Group, or otherwise in
 any manner whatsoever. 

 11 Guarantees
 and Indemnities 

 11.1 The
 Group has not given any guarantees, indemnities, or comfort letters, undertakings, or
 promises to any person in respect of the obligations of any person other than the Group
 in excess of, in the aggregate, USD 500,000. 

 12 Legal
 Proceedings 

 12.1 There
 is no pending or threatened civil, criminal, arbitration, administrative or other proceeding
 (judicial, administrative or regulatory) by or against any Group Company in excess of
 USD 50,000 in connection with the business and/or ownership of the Group. 

 12.2 The
 Seller is not aware of anything which is likely to give rise to any litigation, arbitration
 or alternative dispute resolution proceedings by or against any Group Company, or the
 Seller in connection with the business and/or ownership of the Group. 

 12.3 So
 far as the Seller is aware, none of the Group Companies or the Seller is the subject
 of any investigation, inquiry or enforcement proceedings or process by any governmental,
 administrative or regulatory body, nor is the Seller aware of anything which is likely
 to give rise to any such investigation, inquiry, proceedings or process. 

 12.4 There
 are no existing or pending judgments affecting any Group Company or the Seller, in connection
 with the business of the Group. 

 12.5 So
 far as the Seller is aware, there are no past or current, threatened or pending, criminal
 actions, proceedings or investigations concerning directors, managers or employees of
 the Group or the Seller which relate to the business of the Group. 

 13 Permits
 and Compliance with Law 

 13.1 The
 Group has all Permits (all of which are valid and subsisting) necessary to carry on its
 business now carried on by it in the places and in the manner in which that business
 is now carried on and has complied and continues to comply, in all material respects,
 with all terms and conditions of those Permits. 

 13.2 The
 Disclosure Letter provides a true and accurate list all current Permits issued to the
 Group, including the names of the Permits and their respective dates of issuance and
 expiration. 

 38 

 13.3 No
 Group Company has received written notice that it is materially in default under any
 Permit. 

 13.4 So
 far as the Seller is aware, no event has occurred that, with or without notice or lapse
 of time or both, would reasonably be expected to result in the termination, modification,
 suspension, lapse, limitation or revocation, or prejudice the renewal of any of them. 

 13.5 Each
 Group Company and its respective officers have complied with the provisions of all applicable
 legislation, regulation, laws, directives and orders relating to its corporate affairs,
 and the carrying on of its business in its jurisdiction of incorporation or establishment,
 including any provisions as to filing of returns, particulars, resolutions and other
 documents, and all legal requirements have been complied with in connection with the
 formation of each subsidiary and with issues of its shares and other securities. 

 13.6 None
 of the Group Companies or any of the Group Companies' directors or employees (A)
 has conducted or initiated any internal investigation or made a voluntary, directed,
 or involuntary disclosure to any Governmental Authority with respect to any alleged act
 or omission arising under or relating to any potential noncompliance with any Anti- Bribery
 Law, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or Sanctions; or (B) is or has been the subject of investigation,
 inquiry or enforcement proceedings for any violation or alleged violation of any Anti-Bribery
 Law, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or Sanctions or has received any notice, request, or
 citation for any actual or potential noncompliance with the same. 

 13.7 None
 of the Group Companies will have any contract or purchase orders in place on the Completion
 Date that will require performance following Completion of services in any country subject
 to oil industry sector sanctions or to a company owned by a government subject to such
 sanctions or any Specially Designated National (as defined by the Office of Foreign Assets
 Control of the United States). 

 14 Contracts
 between the Group and the Seller 

 14.1 Except
 as disclosed in the Disclosure Letter, there are no contracts, agreements, arrangements
 or any other written instrument, existing between the Seller and any Group Company, which
 will remain in force following Completion. 

 15 Termination
 of Agreements and Cancellation of Approvals 

 15.1 There
 is no: (a) customer, supplier or financial institution entitled to terminate any agreement
 existing between any of them and any Group Company; and/or (b) Governmental Authority
 entitled to cancel or not renew any consent/permit or approval granted to any Group Company
 on account of the Transaction, which in either (a) or (b) above, shall have a Material
 Adverse Effect. 

 39 

 16 Material
 Contracts 

 16.1 The
 Disclosure Letter contains a complete and accurate list of every contract, agreement,
 arrangement and obligation (whether or not evidenced in writing) to which any Group Company
 is a party and which: 

 (a) whether
 by reason of its nature, term, scope, price or otherwise, is or is likely to be of material
 importance to its business, profits, assets or liabilities; or 

 (b) is
 not in the ordinary course of its trading; or 

 (c) is
 incapable of performance in accordance with its terms within six (6) months of the date
 on which it was entered into or undertaken; or 

 (d) is
 of an onerous nature or cannot be fulfilled or performed by the relevant Group Company
 on time and without undue or unusual expenditure of money or effort; or 

 (e) involves
 an aggregate consideration payable by the relevant Group Company in excess of such USD
 amount as the Seller and the Purchaser shall agree; or 

 (f) is
 entered into with any Governmental Authority; or 

 (g) limits
 or purports to limit the ability of any Group Company to compete in any line of business
 or with any Person or in any geographic area or during any period of time; or 

 (h) is
 not terminable by the relevant Group Company on less than six (6) months' notice
 without compensation 

 (the
" Material Contracts "). 

 16.2 Each
 of the Material Contracts is in full force and effect and is legal, valid and binding
 on the relevant Group Company, and so far as the Seller is aware, is legal, valid and
 binding on each counterparty thereto in accordance with its terms (subject to applicable
 laws) and, upon consummation of the Transaction, shall continue in full force and effect
 without penalty or other adverse consequences. 

 16.3 None
 of the Group Companies is in default under any Material Contract and, so far as the Seller
 is aware, no other party to any Material Contract is in default thereunder. 

 16.4 None
 of the Group Companies has received a written notice of termination from the relevant
 counterparty under any Material Contract. 

 16.5 None
 of the Group Companies has amended, modified or consented to the termination of any Material
 Contract. 

 16.6 Each
 Material Contract is binding and in full force and effect and no Group Company is in
 default of any Material Contract. 

 40 

 17 Assets 

 17.1 The
 assets included in the Accounts, or acquired by any Group Company since the Accounts
 Date (the " Assets ") comprise all the assets necessary for the Group
 to carry on its business after Completion substantially in the manner in which it is
 carried on as at the Signing Date, except for the distribution of the receivables to
 the Selling Stockholders authorized after September 30, 2017, which will have been distributed
 prior to Completion. 

 17.2 All
 of the Assets are legally and beneficially owned by the Group free and clear from any
 security interest, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, right to acquire or any other agreement
 to give or create any of the foregoing. 

 17.3 The
 Group has caused the Assets to be maintained in accordance with good business practice,
 and all of the Assets are in good operating condition and repair and are suitable for
 the purposes for which they are used and intended to be used. 

 18 Property 

 18.1 The
 Properties comprise all of the premises occupied or used by the Group in connection with
 its operations and all deeds and documents necessary to prove title to each Property
 are in the possession of the Group. 

 18.2 The
 Group does not own any real property, other than the Office Building and real estate
 to be transferred as of the Completion Date under Clause 5.11.2. 

 18.3 The
 Disclosure Letter contains a complete and accurate list of every lease for the Properties
 occupied or used by the Group in connection with the operations of the business to which
 the Group is a party (the " Leases "). Each Lease is in full force and
 effect and is legal, valid and binding on the relevant Group Company, and to the Seller's
 knowledge is legal, valid and binding on the relevant landlords, in each case in accordance
 with their terms (subject to applicable laws). The Lease related to the Office Building
 shall be terminated upon transfer of the real property to the Company on Completion Date. 

 18.4 The
 Group is fully and solely entitled to the Leases and has a good and marketable right
 to each of those Leases. 

 18.5 None
 of the Group Companies is in default under any Lease and, so far as the Seller is aware,
 no landlord to any lease for the Properties is in default thereunder. None of the Group
 Companies has received a written notice of termination from the relevant landlord under
 any Lease. 

 19 Intellectual
 Property 

 19.1 No
 intellectual property rights used by the Group are held by or registered in the name
 of the Seller and all rights, title and interest in such intellectual property rights
 (to the extent that the same exist) reside with and are owned by the Group, free of any
 security interest, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, right to acquire or any other agreement
 to give or create any of the foregoing, or are licensed by the Group pursuant to valid
 licenses. 

 41 

 19.2 The
 sale and purchase of the Company Shares do not infringe of any intellectual property
 licenses used or held for use by the Group. 

 19.3 No
 claim has been threatened or asserted by or against any Group Company in relation to
 its intellectual property and no basis exists for any such claim. 

 19.4 The
 Seller is not aware of any unauthorised use by any person of any intellectual property
 rights of the Group. 

 20 Customers
 and Suppliers 

 20.1 All
 payable balances owed by the Group are in the ordinary course of business. 

 20.2 None
 of the Group Companies has received any notice or has any reason to believe that any
 significant customer or supplier of the business of the Group has ceased, or will cease,
 to use the products, equipment, goods or services, or has substantially reduced, or will
 substantially reduce, the use of such products, equipment, goods or services at any time. 

 20.3 The
 Seller is not aware of any significant changes in the market or the applicable regulations
 affecting the business of the Group. 

 20.4 All
 receivables of the Group reflected in the Accounts or the Management Accounts, arising
 from the date thereof until Completion are or will be good and have been collected or
 are or will be collectible. 

 21 Insurance 

 21.1 All
 material assets, properties and risks of the Group are covered by valid and currently
 effective insurance policies issued in favour of the Group in each case with responsible
 insurance companies, in such types and amounts and covering such risks as are consistent
 with customary practices and standards of companies engaged in business and operations
 similar to those of the Group. 

 21.2 All
 such insurance policies are currently in full force and effect and nothing has been done
 or omitted to be done which could make any policy of insurance void or voidable and there
 is no claim outstanding under any such policy. The Group is not required to pay any additional
 premiums other than those set out in the policies. 

 21.3 All
 premiums due on such insurances have been duly and timely paid. 

 21.4 The
 Group has not failed to renew any insurance policy or any Permit that is scheduled to
 terminate or expire before Completion. 

 42 

 21.5 All
 the assets and undertaking of the Business of an insurable nature are and have at all
 material times been insured in amounts representing their full replacement or reinstatement
 value against fire and other risks normally insured against by persons carrying on the
 same classes of business as the Group, and the Group is now and has at all material times
 been adequately covered against accident, damage, injury, third party loss, loss of profits
 and other risks normally covered by insurance. 

 21.6 Full
 and accurate particulars of all outstanding claims under any of such insurance policies
 are set out in the Disclosure Letter and: 

 (a) each
 such claim has been notified to the relevant insurer in accordance with the terms of
 the relevant policy and that insurer has neither disputed that claim nor reserved its
 right to do so; 

 (b) each
 such claim has been accepted as payable in full (including as to related costs and expenses),
 and without any deduction (subject only to any deductible, excess or retention specified
 in the relevant policy), by the relevant insurer; and 

 (c) the
 aggregate loss represented by any such claim does not result in the amount of insurance
 available under any relevant insurance policy being exceeded. 

 22 Anti-Bribery 

 22.1 None
 of the Group Companies or any of the Group Companies' directors or employees has
 in the five (5) years prior to the Signing Date violated any Anti-Bribery Law or Anti-Money
 Laundering Law. 

 22.2 None
 of Group Companies or any of the Group Companies' directors or employees, has directly
 or indirectly (A) used funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other
 unlawful expenses relating to political activity; (B) received, made, offered, or authorized
 any unlawful payment to any Government Official; or (C) received, made, offered, or authorized
 any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence or facilitation payment, kickback or other similar
 payment to any person for the purpose of gaining an improper business advantage or encouraging
 the recipient to violate the policies of his or her employer or to breach an obligation
 of good faith, loyalty, impartiality or trust, in each case of (A), (B) and (C) in violation
 of Anti-Bribery Law. 

 22.3 None
 of the Group Companies or any of the Group Companies' directors or employees (A)
 is a Sanctioned Party, (B) has breached any Sanctions, or (C) is or has engaged in any
 business or activities, or any direct or indirect dealings or transactions, including
 through distributors or agents, with any Sanctioned Party. 

 22.4 None
 of the Group Company or any of the Group Company's directors or employees is or
 has been the subject of any whistleblowing claim in connection with the alleged violation
 of any Anti-Bribery Law, Anti-Money Laundering Law or Sanctions. 

 43 

 23 Tax 

 23.1 All
 returns relating to Taxation required to be filed by the Group have been duly and timely
 filed and all such filed returns are true, correct and complete and are not subject to
 any dispute. 

 23.2 All
 taxes of any nature whatsoever for which any Group Company is liable and which have fallen
 due for payment has been duly and timely paid by the Company. 

 23.3 No
 Group Company is currently or has in the past been subject to any non-routine investigation
 audit or visit by any tax authority. 

 23.4 No
 Group Company is treated for any tax purposes as resident in a country other than the
 country of its incorporation. 

 24 Environmental
 Matters 

 24.1 Each
 Group Company has complied with the environmental laws of Oman and of each other jurisdiction
 in which it operates. 

 24.2 Each
 Group Company has obtained all environmental licenses (all of which are valid and subsisting)
 and has complied with the terms and conditions of all its environmental licenses. No
 environmental license may be terminated, revoked, modified, or suspended as a result
 of the acquisition by the Purchaser of the Company Shares. So far as the Seller is aware
 no circumstances exist which may result in any environmental licenses not being extended,
 renewed, or where necessary transferred. 

 25 Employees 

 25.1 A
 true and correct list of all senior employees of the Group with an annual base salary
 over USD 100,000 (equivalent to OMR 38,500) per annum (the " Senior Employees ")
 is set out in the Disclosure Letter. 

 25.2 All
 contracts of employment and the most recent employment addendum relating to the Senior
 Employees have been Disclosed in the Disclosure Letter. 

 25.3 So
 far as the Sellers are aware, no Senior Employee has given or been given notice terminating
 his contract of employment. 

 25.4 No
 Group Company is involved in any legal proceedings, dispute or grievance investigation
 or procedure, which have a value in dispute in excess of USD 50,000 (equivalent to OMR
 19,250) with any of its Senior Employees. 

 25.5 No
 Group Company has any share incentive scheme, share option scheme or profit sharing bonus
 or other incentive scheme for any Senior Employee. 

 25.6 All
 end of service benefits of employees have been accrued for in the Accounts. 

 44 

 25.7 The
 Group is in compliance with its legal obligations to register its current employees with
 the relevant Governmental Authorities in Oman in accordance with applicable laws. 

 26 Indebtedness 

 26.1 The
 Group has no Financial Indebtedness other than as shown in the Accounts. 

 27 Related
 Party Arrangements 

 Any
and all contracts, agreements, arrangements (whether or not documented) or any other written instrument entered into by any Group
Company with a Related Party other than the Transaction Documents are listed in the Disclosure Letter. 

 28 Working
 capital 

 The
Group has sufficient working capital for the purposes of continuing to carry on its business in its present form and at its present
level of turnover for at least six (6) months after Completion and for the purposes of executing, carrying out and fulfilling
in accordance with their terms all orders, projects and contractual obligations which have been placed with or undertaken by it. 

 29 Records 

 The
Group's books and records have been properly kept in accordance with applicable laws and maintained up today and set out
accurate records of all material actions taken by the Group's shareholders or manager. 

 30 Group
 Net Debt and Leakage 

 30.1 The
 Group Net Debt does not exceed the Agreed Net Debt Amount at Completion Date. 

 30.2 None
 of the Group Companies has permitted or made or paid any Leakage. 

 31 Undisclosed
 Liabilities 

 31.1 The
 Group has no liabilities, obligations or commitments of any nature whatsoever, asserted
 or unasserted, known or unknown, absolute or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, matured
 or unmatured or otherwise, except (a) those which are adequately reflected or reserved
 against in the Accounts as of the Accounts Date and (b) those which have been incurred
 in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice since the Accounts Date
 and which are not, individually or in the aggregate, material in amount. 

 32 Accuracy
 of information 

 32.1 All
 information contained or referred to in the Disclosure Letter is true and accurate and
 fairly presented and nothing has been omitted from the Disclosure Letter which renders
 any of that information incomplete or misleading. 

 45 

 32.2 Each
 document attached to the Disclosure Letter is a true and accurate copy of what it purports
 to be. 

 33 Ownership
 of SGEE 

 33.1 The
 Seller owns such number of shares in SGEE that represents at least 56% of the issued
 and outstanding share capital of SGEE. 

 46 

 Schedule
3 Limitations on Seller's Liability 

 1 Maximum
 liability 

 1.1 The
 liability of the Seller in respect of: (a) all Claims, other than Claims in respect of
 the Fundamental and Tax Warranties, shall not exceed 50% of the Consideration; and (b)
 all Claims for breach of the Fundamental and Tax Warranties or arising from fraud or
 wilful misconduct shall not exceed the Consideration. 

 1.2 For
 the purposes of paragraph 1.1, the amount of any costs and expenses and other amounts
 (including interest) ordered or determined to be payable to the Purchaser by any judgment,
 order, settlement or award in connection with or arising out of any Claim shall be excluded
 from the sums referred to therein as a liability. 

 2 Small
 claims and threshold 

 2.1 The
 Seller shall not be liable in respect of a Claim (other than any Claim in respect of
 the Fundamental and Tax Warranties) unless and until: 

 (a) the
 amount of such relevant Claim exceeds RO. 20,000 (a " Qualifying Claim ");
 and 

 (b) the
 aggregate amount of all Qualifying Claims exceeds RO. 200,000, in which event the Seller
 shall be liable for the whole of such amount claimed (subject to the other provisions
 of this Agreement) and not only for the excess over that sum. 

 2.2 For
 the purposes of paragraph 2.1, the amount of all costs and expenses of the Purchaser
 in bringing any Claim shall be excluded from the sums set out in paragraph 2.1. 

 3 Specific
 limitations 

 3.1 The
 Seller shall not be liable in respect of a Claim to the extent that the matter giving
 rise to, or the loss arising from, that Claim: 

 (a) occurs
 as a result of or is otherwise attributable to: 

 (i) any
 legislation not in force at the Signing Date or any change of law or administrative practice
 or judicial interpretation which comes into force or effect after the Signing Date; or 

 (ii) any
 increase after the Signing Date in any rate of Taxation; 

 (b) has
 been fully recovered by the Purchaser under any Seller Warranty or term of this Agreement
 or any other document entered into pursuant to this Agreement in each case without any
 cost or expenses to the Purchaser or the Company; or 

 (c) is
 Disclosed in the Disclosure Letter, or were within the actual knowledge of the Purchaser
 on or before the Signing Date; or 

 47 

 (d) is
 provided for in the Accounts; or 

 (e) is
 covered under a policy of insurance, in which case, no Claim shall be brought against
 the Seller unless a claim has been made against the insurer and all reasonable endeavours
 have been used to pursue the claim. The Seller's liability in respect of such Claim
 shall be reduced by any amount recovered under such policy of insurance 

 4 Time
 Limits 

 4.1 The
 Seller shall not be liable for an Indemnity Claim unless notice in writing summarising
 in reasonable detail the matter giving rise to and the nature of the relevant claim,
 and specifying (as far as is reasonably practicable) the amount claimed, has been given
 by the Purchaser to the Seller on or before the third anniversary of Completion. 

 4.2 The
 Seller shall not be liable for a Claim unless notice in writing summarising in reasonable
 detail the matter giving rise to and the nature of the relevant claim, and specifying
 (as far as is reasonably practicable) the amount claimed, has been given by the Purchaser
 to the Seller on or before the second anniversary of Completion. 

 5 No
 duplication of liability 

 The
Purchaser shall not be entitled to recover damages in respect of any Claim or otherwise obtain reimbursement or restitution more
than once in respect of the same loss. 

 6 Remediable
 breaches 

 Where
the matter or default giving rise to a Claim is capable of remedy, the Purchaser shall procure that the Seller is given the opportunity,
within twenty (20) Business Days after the date on which notice of such Claim is given to the Seller to remedy the relevant matter
or default (if capable of remedy). 

 7 Acts
 of Purchaser 

 7.1 The
 Seller shall not be liable in respect of any Claim or Indemnity Claim instituted by the
 Purchaser: 

 (a) in
 respect of Losses, if and to the extent that such Losses are as a result of the Purchaser's
 negligence or default in procuring that the Company suitably defend or pursue, as the
 case may be, a claim, action, or demand made by or against the Company after the Completion
 Date; 

 (b) for
 any increase in the amount of liability under a Claim or Indemnity Claim, which increase
 is caused by the Purchaser's unreasonable delay, after becoming aware of such potential
 Claim or Indemnity Claim, in notifying the potential Claim or Indemnity Claim to the
 Seller; 

 48 

 (c) if
 and to the extent that the relevant Claim or Indemnity Claim would not have arisen but
 for a breach by the Purchaser of its own obligations under a Transaction Document. 

 49 

 Schedule
4 Pre-completion Covenants 

 Without
prejudice to the provisions of Clauses 6.1 and 6.2, pending Completion the Seller shall procure that, without the prior written
consent of the Purchaser, the Group shall not: 

 1.1 alter
 the share capital of any Group Company; 

 1.2 vary
 any constitutive documents of any Group Company; 

 1.3 create,
 allot or issue any shares or other securities of any Group Company; 

 1.4 create
 or grant or enter into any option, right to acquire or right to call (whether by conversion,
 subscription or otherwise) in respect of any shares or other securities of any Group
 Company; 

 1.5 pay
 any dividend or make any other distribution of its assets; 

 1.6 create
 any subsidiary or acquire an interest in any body corporate or business; 

 1.7 merge
 or consolidate the business or affairs of any Group Company with any other person; 

 1.8 take
 any step to dissolve, wind-up or liquidate any Group Company; 

 1.9 acquire
 or dispose of any asset, business or undertaking in excess of USD 5,000,000; 

 1.10 incur
 any capital expenditure on any individual item in excess of USD 5,000,000; 

 1.11 assume
 or incur any Financial Indebtedness; create any Encumbrance upon any of the properties,
 assets or shares of any Group Company; 

 1.12 make
 any loans, advances or capital contributions to or investments in any other person; 

 1.13 make
 any material change (from the point of view of the relevant employee or category of employees)
 in the terms and conditions of employment (contractual or non- contractual), working
 practices or collective agreements relating to such practices of any employee or category
 of employees; 

 1.14 terminate
 the employment of any Senior Employees; 

 1.15 lease,
 license or part with or share possession or occupation of any property or other asset
 owned, held or occupied (or which may be acquired) by any Group Company; 

 1.16 remove
 (or allow the removal of) any plant or machinery from the premises of any Group Company; 

 1.17 dispose
 of or destroy any corporate or other books or records of any Group Company; 

 1.18 modify
 or terminate any rights under any Material Contract; 

 50 

 1.19 transfer
 any of the Group's assets to the Seller; 

 1.20 make
 material changes to the accounting or tax policies, procedures or practices, or take
 any other material action with respect to taxes or tax returns or filings or change the
 internal statutory auditors of the Group; or 

 1.21 enter
 into any transaction with any person otherwise than at arms' length and for full
 value; 

 1.22 enter
 into, amend, or terminate a material agreement, arrangement or obligations involving
 an amount in excess of USD 5,000,000; 

 1.23 voluntarily
 terminate any material license of any Group Company or fail to renew any material license
 of any Group Company when due for renewal; or 

 1.24 agree,
 arrange or undertake to do any of the things referred to above in this Schedule 4. 

 51 

 Schedule
 5 Conditions Precedent Satisfaction Certificate 

 To: 

 1. 
 [ 
 ]
 [ Address ] 

 2. 
 [ 
 ]
 [ Address ] 

 ______________2017 

 Agreement
for the Purchase of Shares in Gulf Energy Services S.A.O.C. dated [&#9679;] 2017 between Mubadarah Investments LLC, the Founders
and National Energy Services Reunited Corporation ( the " SPA " ) 

 We
hereby confirm that the Conditions Precedent referred to in Clause 4 and Schedule 4 ( Conditions Precedent ) of the SPA have
been fulfilled. 

 Yours
sincerely, 

 Signed
 by 
 
 For
 and on behalf of 
 
 MUBADARAH
 INVESTMENTS LLC 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

 HILAL
 AL BUSAIDY 

 YASSER
 SAID AL BARAMI 

 Signed
 by 
 
 For
 and on behalf of 
 
 NATIONAL
 ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORPORATION 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

 52 

 Schedule
6 

 Corporate
Details of Company and Subsidiaries 

 Benon
 Oil Services LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/Ghala Al Sanaiah 

 Incorporation
 Date 
 7
 October 2003 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1737511 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 OMR
 60,000 
 
 Shareholders 
 IPC:
 99% 
 Mr
 Hilal: 1% 
 
 Registered
 Charges 
 None 

 Fishing
 and Remedial Experts Enterprises LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/South Alkhuwair 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 6
 June 2011 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1111412 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 OMR
 150,000 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 99% 
 Mr
 Yasser: 1% 
 
 Registered
 Charges 
 Registered
 mortgage charge in favour of NBO (for a value of OMR 4.1 million (approx. USD 11 million) expiring 17 November 2019 and OMR
 7 million (approx. USD 18 million) expiring 28 March 2021). 

 Gulf
 Drilling Fluids Technology LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/South Alkhuwair 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 4
 September 2012 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1153719 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 150,000
 Omani Rial 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 99% 
 Mr
 Yasser: 1% 
 
 Registered
 Charges 
 None 

 Gulf
 Energy Services LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/South Alkhuwair 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 3
 October 2011 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1122218 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 OMR
 150,000 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 99% 
 Mr
 Yasser: 1% 

 Registered
 Charges 
 None 
 
 Branches 
 GES
 Oman has branches in Algeria, KSA, Kuwait and Yemen. 

 53 

 Intelligent
 Drilling Services LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/Al Qurm 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 13
 January 2007 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1011333 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 OMR
 150,000 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 99% 
 Mr
 Yasser: 1% 
 
 Registered
 Charges 
 Registered
 mortgage charge in favour of Muscat Bank (for a value of OMR 6 million (approx. USD 17 million) expiring 3 April 2021 and
 OMR 21 million (approx. USD 57 million) expiring 17 November 2017). 

 Integrated
 Petroleum Services Company LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/South Alkhuwair 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 1
 October 1996 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1539671 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 250,000
 Omani Rial 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 97% 
 Abdulhameed
 Al Hamdani: 3% 
 
 Registered
 Charges 
 Registered
 mortgage charge in favour of Muscat Bank (for a value of OMR 6 million (approx. USD 18 million) expiring 17 November 2019
 and OMR 21.6 million (approx. USD 56 million) expired 6 September 2016). 

 Midwest
 Oilfield Services LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/Ghala Al Sanaiah 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 10
 July 2001 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1677586 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 250,000
 Omani Riyal 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 99% 
 Intelligent
 Drilling Services LLC: 1% 
 
 Registered
 Charges 
 Registered
 mortgage charge in favour of Bank Dhofar (for a value of OMR 3.9 million (approx. USD 10 million)). Expiry date of the charge
 is 16 September 2019. 

 54 

 Sino
 Gulf Energy Enterprises LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/Bawshar 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 21
 September 2005 

 Registration
 Number 
 1805061 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 1,200,000
 Omani Rial 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 51% 
 IFC:
 44% 
 China
 Petroleum & Development Corporation: 5% 
 
 Registered
 Charges 
 Registered
 mortgage charge in favour of Muscat Bank (for a value of OMR 18 million (approx. USD 47 million)). The charge has expired
 but still appears on CR of company. We have requested, but not yet received, confirmation as to why the charge is still registered. 

 Tamkeen
 Fracking LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Ghala/Boucher/Muscat 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 7
 March 2012 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1138641 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 OMR
 150,000 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 99% 
 Mr
 Yasser: 1% 
 
 Registered
 Charges 
 Registered
 mortgage charge in favour of Muscat Bank (for a value of OMR 4.9 million (approx. USD 13 million) expiring 19 November 2019
 and OMR 4.9 million (approx. USD 13 million) expiring in March 2021)). 

 Tasneea
 Oil and Gas Technology LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Ghala
 Al Sanaiah/Bousher/Muscat 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 15
 January 2012 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1133224 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 OMR
 150,000 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 20% 
 Mubadarah
 Investment: 79% 
 Mr
 Hilal: 1% 
 
 Registered
 Charges 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 

 Well
 Maintenance Services LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/South Alkhuwair 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 1
 March 2011 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1103680 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 150,000
 Omani Rial 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 99% 
 
 WSS:
 1% 
 
 Registered
 Charges 
 Registered
 mortgage charge in favour of National Finance Company (for a value of OMR 1.1 million (approx. USD 2.9 million)). The charge
 has expired however still appears on CR of company. We have requested, but not yet received, confirmation as to why the charge
 is still registered. 

 55 

 Well
 Solutions Services LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/South Alkhuwair 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 12
 December 2010 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1098989 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 150,000
 Omani Rial 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 99% 
 IDS:
 1% 
 
 Registered
 Charges 
 Registered
 mortgage charge in favour NBO (for value of OMR 21.9 million (approx. USD 57 million)). Expiry date of charge 17 November
 2017. 

 56 

 Schedule
7 Existing Disputes 

 No. 
 Claimant 
 Respondent 
 Case
 No. and Subject Matter 
 
 1. 
 Petrogas 
 [ Seller
 to confirm Group entity ] 
 Case
 No. [&#9679;] 
 Subject
 Matter: Dispute regarding lawful ownership of certain equipment in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 

 2. 
 International
 Finance Company 
 SGEE 
 Case
 No. [&#9679;] 
 Subject
 Matter : Non-payment of dividends for the years 2006 through 2009. 

 3. 
 International
 Finance Company 
 SGEE 
 Case
 No. [&#9679;] 
 Subject
 Matter : Non-payment of dividends for the years 2010 through to the date of the expert's determination. 

 4. 
 Falcon
 Oil Services 
 The
 Company 
 Case
 No. [&#9679;] 
 Subject
 Matter: Breach of contract, lack of security protection and delay in returning equipment. 

 5. 
 Al-Nukhba 
 SGEE 
 Case
 No. [&#9679;] 
 Subject
 Matter: Unfair award of a contract to SGEE instead of Al- Nukhba. 

 57 

 Schedule
8 

 Disclosure
Letter 

 [ To
be completed ] 

 58 

 Signed
 and agreed by the Parties or their duly authorised representatives on the date written above on the first page. 

 Signed
 by 
 ) 

 For
 and on behalf of 
 ) 

 MUBADARAH
 INVESTMENTS LLC 
 ) 

 ) 

 /s/
 Yasser Said AL Barami, Director 
 
 Signed
 by 
 ) 

 HILAL
 AL BUSAIDY 
 ) 

 ) 

 ) 

 /s/
 Hilal Al Busaidy 

 Signed
 by 
 ) 

 YASSER
 SAID AL BARAMI 
 ) 

 ) 

 ) 

 /s/
 Yasser Said Al Barami 

 Signed
 by 
 ) 

 For
 and on behalf of 
 ) 

 NATIONAL
 ENERGY SERVICES 
 ) 
 
 REUNITED
 CORPORATION 
 ) 

 /s/
 Sherif Foda, CEO 

 59 

 ANNEX
C 

 CONTRIBUTION
AGREEMENT 

 SV3
HOLDINGS PTE LTD 
 
 ( Contributor ) 
 
 and 
 
 NATIONAL
 ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORPORATION 
 
 ( NESR ) 

 CONTRIBUTION
 AGREEMENT 

 Table
of Contents 

 1. 
 Definitions
 and Interpretation 
 1 
 
 2. 
 Contribution 
 7 
 
 3. 
 Consideration 
 8 
 
 4. 
 Conditions
 Precedent 
 8 
 
 5. 
 Pre-completion
 Covenants 
 9 
 
 6. 
 Completion
 and Post-Completion Obligations of Contributor 
 11 
 
 7. 
 Undertaking,
 Representations and Warranties 
 12 
 
 8. 
 Contributor
 Warranties 
 13 
 
 9. 
 NESR
 Warranties 
 13 
 
 10. 
 Indemnities 
 14 
 
 11. 
 Indemnity
 Claims 
 15 
 
 12. 
 Termination 
 15 
 
 13. 
 Costs
 and Expenses 
 17 
 
 14. 
 Successors,
 Transfers and Assignment 
 17 
 
 15. 
 Entire
 Agreement 
 18 
 
 16. 
 Amendment
 to the Agreement 
 18 
 
 17. 
 Remedies
 and Waivers 
 18 
 
 18. 
 Counterparts 
 18 
 
 19. 
 Invalidity 
 19 
 
 20. 
 Notices 
 19 
 
 21. 
 Confidentiality 
 20 
 
 22. 
 Governing
 Law and Jurisdiction 
 20 
 
 23. 
 No
 Claim Against NESR Trust 
 21 

 RESTRICTED - Page i 

 Schedule
 1 Conditions Precedent 
 22 
 
 1 
 NESR
 Conditions 
 23 
 
 2 
 Contributor
 Conditions 
 23 
 
 Schedule
 2 Warranties 
 24 
 
 1 
 Contributor
 Warranties 
 24 
 
 2 
 NESR
 Warranties 
 26 
 
 Schedule
 3 Limitations on Liability 
 29 
 
 1 
 Maximum
 liability 
 29 
 
 2 
 Small
 claims and threshold 
 29 
 
 3 
 Specific
 limitations 
 29 
 
 4 
 No
 duplication of liability 
 30 
 
 5 
 Remediable
 breaches 
 30 

 RESTRICTED - Page ii 

 This
Contribution Agreement (the " Agreement ") is made on November ____, 2017 (the " Signing Date ")
by and between: 

 (1) SV3
 HOLDINGS PTE LTD., a company incorporated in Singapore (the " Contributor ");
 and 

 (2) NATIONAL
 ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORPORATION, a company organized under the laws of the British
 Virgin Islands with its registered address at 171 Main Street, Road Town, Tortola, British
 Virgin Islands (" NESR "), 

 (each
a " Party " and together the " Parties "). 

 WHEREAS 

 A. The
 Contributor is the legal and beneficial owner of the Company Shares (as defined below). 

 B. The
 Contributor has agreed to contribute the legal and beneficial ownership of the Company
 Shares to NESR, and NESR has agreed to accept the legal and beneficial ownership of the
 Company Shares on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in this Agreement. 

 C. NESR
 has agreed to issue the Equity Consideration to the Contributor as consideration for
 the Company Shares on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in this Agreement. 

 D. As
 a condition of the acquisition of the Company Shares by NESR and in accordance with the
 terms hereof, NESR shall provide an opportunity to its stockholders to have their Offering
 Shares (as defined below) redeemed for the consideration, and on the terms and subject
 to the conditions and limitations, set forth in this Agreement and the applicable Organizational
 Documents of NESR in conjunction with, inter alia, obtaining approval from the stockholders
 of NESR for the Transactions (as defined below) (collectively with the other transactions,
 authorization and approvals set forth in the Proxy Statement, the " Offer "). 

 THEREFORE ,
it is agreed 

 1. Definitions
 and Interpretation 

 1.1 Definitions 

 In
this Agreement the following definitions apply: 

 Acceptance
Letter has the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 11.1.2(a); 

 Affiliate
 means, in relation to any specified person, any other person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries,
Controls or is Controlled by, or is under common Control with such specified person; 

 Agreement
 means this Contribution Agreement; 

 RESTRICTED - Page 1 

 Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Incorporation means that certain Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Incorporation
of NESR, filed on May 11, 2017; 

 Anti-Bribery
Law means applicable laws, regulations or orders in any jurisdiction relating to bribery or corruption (governmental or commercial)
including (i) the UK Bribery Act 2010, (ii) the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations
issued thereunder, (iii) all national and international laws enacted to implement the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of
Foreign Officials in International Business Transactions, and (iv) any other law or order from or arrangement entered into with
any Governmental Authority that relates to bribery or corruption, in each case as amended from time to time; 

 Breaching
Party has the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 4.6.2; 

 Business
Combination has the meaning set forth in Clause 23.1; 

 Business
Day means a day when banks are open for business in Oman, Singapore and New York; 

 Claim
 means a claim by NESR for a breach of the Contributor Warranties or by Contributor for a breach of the NESR Warranties; 

 Closing
Location means the location where the Completion and the transfer of shares pursuant thereto shall occur, which shall be at
the offices of Vinson & Elkins L.L.P., 1001 Fannin Street, Suite 2500, Houston, Texas 77002; 

 Code
 means the Code of Corporate Governance for closed joint stock companies issued by the MOCI; 

 Company
 means Gulf Energy S.A.O.C, a closed joint stock company registered in Oman under Commercial Registration No. 1791842, with
its registered office address as P. O. Box 786, Postal Code 116, Mina Al Fahal, Oman; 

 Company
Shareholders Agreement means that certain shareholders agreement among the Company, the Contributor, NESR Holdings, Mubadarah
Investments LLC, Hilal Al Busaidy, and Yasser Said Al Barami, dated as of October 4, 2017; 

 Company
Shares means all of the equity stock beneficially owned by Contributor in the capital of the Company, which consists of 136,500
shares (approximately 27.3% of the outstanding shares of stock of the Company); 

 Completion
 means completion of the contribution of the Company Shares in accordance with this Agreement; 

 Completion
Date means the date on which Completion occurs as set forth in Clause 2; 

 Conditions
Precedent means the items listed in Parts 1 and 2 of Schedule 1; 

 Consideration
 shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 3.1; 

 RESTRICTED - Page 2 

 Contributor
Warranties mean the representations and warranties made by the Contributor in Clause 7 and Part 1 of Schedule 1 and Contributor
Warranty means any one of them; 

 Control
 means, acting individually or in concert with others: (i) the legal or beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, of more
than fifty percent (50%) of the share capital or other ownership interests of any person; (ii) the ability, directly or indirectly,
to appoint more than half of the board or other controlling body of any person; or (iii) the ability, directly or indirectly,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise to direct, or cause the direction of, the management
of any person. A person shall be deemed to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person if the consent
or approval of such person is required with respect to all or substantially all material decisions (and " Controlled "
and " Controlling " shall be construed accordingly); 

 DIFC
 means the Dubai International Financial Centre; 

 Disclosed
 means fairly and accurately disclosed to enable NESR to reasonably identify the nature, scope and impact of the matter disclosed
(and " Disclosures " shall be construed accordingly); 

 Dispute
Meeting has the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 22.2; 

 Disputes
Notice has the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 22.2; 

 Encumbrance
 includes any security interest, mortgage, charge, pledge, hypothecation, lien, adverse claim, right to acquire or other form
of security, including any restriction on the use, voting, transfer or receipt of income and any other agreement to give or create
any of the foregoing; 

 Equity
Consideration means a number of shares of NESR Common Stock equal to the quotient of (a) the amount (in USD) paid by the Contributor
for the acquisition of any and all Company Shares, including any and all adjustments, such as Leakage, and (b) USD 10; 

 Exchange
Act means The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; 

 Federal
Securities Laws means the federal securities laws of the United States and the rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq; 

 Final
Long Stop Date has the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 4.6.2; 

 Fundamental
Warranties means, with respect to the Contributor, the Contributor Warranties set out in Clause 8.6 and Schedule 2 paragraphs
1.2 and 1.4, and, with respect to NESR, the NESR Warranties set out in Schedule 2 paragraphs 2.1, 2.2, and 2.3; 

 GES
Contribution means the contribution by the Contributor to NESR of the Company Shares at the Completion Date, the issuance
of the Equity Consideration by NESR as consideration therefor, and the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Stock Purchase
Agreement pursuant to which NESR will acquire 72.7% of the shares of the Company; 

 RESTRICTED - Page 3 

 Governmental
Authority means any international, supranational, federal, territorial, national, provincial, regional, central, state, municipal
or local government or any governmental or quasi-governmental authority, legislative or executive authority (including any governmental
or quasi-governmental instrumentality agency or official and any court, organ of state, government or self-regulatory organisation,
commission or tribunal or any regulatory or administrative agency) or any political or other subdivision, department or branch
of any of the foregoing; 

 Indemnified
Party when used in connection with particular Losses shall mean the Person or Persons having, or asserting, the right to be
indemnified with respect to such Losses by another Party pursuant to this Clause 10.1; 

 Indemnifying
Party means, when used in connection with particular Losses shall mean the Party having, or having asserted against it, an
obligation to indemnify another Person or Persons with respect to such Losses pursuant to Clause 10.1; 

 Indemnity
Claim means a claim against an Indemnifying Party under Clause 10.1; 

 IPO
 has the meaning set forth in Clause 23.1; 

 Lock-up
Agreement means the lock-up agreement to be entered at Completion on the same terms as currently executed by NESR Holdings
relating to the prohibitions against the sale of the Equity Consideration delivered to the Contributor by NESR pursuant to the
Transaction; 

 Long
Stop Date means the date occurring on the 200th day after the Signing Date; 

 Losses
 has the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 10.1; 

 Material
Adverse Effect means any event, circumstance, occurrence or state of affairs or any combination of them (whether existing
or occurring on or before the Signing Date or arising or occurring on or before the Completion Date) which causes, or is reasonably
likely to cause (a) a loss in revenue of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole in excess of USD 12,500,000
(twelve million five hundred thousand) per annum; (b) a financial liability to the Company and each of its Subsidiaries in excess
of USD 5,000,000 (five million); or (c) a material adverse effect on the ability of Mubadarah Investments LLC to perform its obligations
in connection with the Contributor's acquisition of the Company Shares; 

 MCDC
 means the Muscat Clearing and Depository Company S.A.O.C; 

 MOCI
 means the Ministry of Commerce and Industry of Oman; 

 MSM
 means the Muscat Securities Market; 

 Nasdaq
 means the Nasdaq Capital Market; 

 NESR
Common Stock means the ordinary shares of NESR, no par value; 

 RESTRICTED - Page 4 

 NESR
Holdings means NESR Holdings Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and a shareholder of NESR; 

 NESR
SEC Reports has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.8 of Schedule 2; 

 NESR
Warranties means the representations and warranties made by NESR in Clause 7 and Part 2 of Schedule 1 and NESR Warranty
 means any one of them; 

 Offer
 has the meaning set forth in the recitals; 

 Offer
Documents means the Proxy Statement and the documents included or referred to therein pursuant to which the Offer will be
made, together with any supplements, amendments and/or exhibits thereto; 

 Offering
Shares means shares of NESR Common Stock issued in NESR's initial public offering; 

 Oman
 means the Sultanate of Oman; 

 Organizational
Documents means, with respect to a Person that is not an individual, its articles of incorporation, certificate of incorporation,
certificate of formation, bylaws, memorandum and/or articles of incorporation, operating agreement, certificate of limited partnership,
partnership agreement and/or similar documents, instruments or certificates executed, adopted or filed in connection with the
creation, formation or organization of such Person, including any amendments thereto; 

 Other
Combination Agreement means merger, contribution, purchase or other agreement providing for the acquisition by NESR of NPS
Holdings, Ltd, an oilfield services company formed in the United Arab Emirates; 

 Permits
 means all permits, licenses, franchises, approvals, authorizations, registrations, certificates, variances and similar rights
obtained, or required to be obtained, from Governmental Authorities; 

 Person
 means any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, trust, unincorporated
organization, government or agency or subdivision thereof or any other entity; 

 Preliminary
Proxy Statement means the preliminary proxy statement of NESR initially filed with the SEC in connection with the Transactions; 

 Prospectus
 means that certain final prospectus of NESR, dated May 12, 2017, prepared, filed and made available to the public in accordance
with applicable securities law, rules and regulations; 

 Proxy
Statement means the proxy statement to be filed by NESR with the SEC in connection with the Offer and the Transactions contemplated
hereby, as amended or supplemented; 

 Public
Shareholders has the meaning set forth in Clause 23.1; 

 RESTRICTED - Page 5 

 Qualifying
Claim has the meaning ascribed thereto in paragraph 2.1(a) of Schedule 3; 

 Registration
Rights Agreement means that certain Registration Rights Agreement by and among NESR and NESR Holdings, dated as of May 17,
2017; 

 RO
 means Omani Rial, the national currency of Oman; 

 SEC
 means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

 Signing
Date has the meaning ascribed thereto in the introduction of this Agreement; 

 Stock
Purchase Agreement means the agreements, if approved by the shareholders of NESR pursuant to the Proxy Statement, pursuant
to which NESR or NESR Holdings will acquire 72.7% of the shares of the Company collectively from Mubadarah Investments LLC, Hilal
Al Busaidy, Yasser Said Al Barami and the National Bank of Oman, and thereafter any shares of the Company acquired by NESR Holdings
shall be assigned to NESR; 

 Subsidiaries
 mean all the companies Controlled by the Company and mentioned in Exhibit B and Subsidiary means any of them; 

 Tax ,
 Taxes , and Taxation means any and all forms of taxation, duties, levies, imposts and social security charges, including
corporate income tax, capital gains tax, wage withholding tax, national social security contributions and employee social security
contributions, value added tax, customs and excise duties, capital tax and other legal transaction taxes, dividend withholding
tax, land taxes, environmental taxes and duties and any other type of taxes or duties payable by virtue of any applicable national,
regional or local law or regulation and which may be due directly or by virtue of joint and several liability; together with any
interest, penalties, surcharges or fines relating to them, due, payable, levied, imposed upon or claimed to be owed in any relevant
jurisdiction; 

 Transaction
 means the GES Contribution and the Other Combination Agreement, and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 

 Transaction
Document means this Agreement, the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Voting Agreement and the Other Combination Agreement and
any document necessary to, or prepared in connection with, the execution of the Completion; 

 USD
 means Unites States Dollars; 

 Voting
Agreement means the voting agreement entered into on or around the Completion Date among NESR, the Contributor, and NESR Holdings,
the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A ; and 

 Warranties
 mean the Contributor Warranties and NESR Warranties and Warranty means any one of them. 

 RESTRICTED - Page 6 

 1.2 Interpretation 

 In
this Agreement, unless otherwise specified: 

 1.2.1 references
 to any Clause, paragraph or Schedule are to those contained in this Agreement and all
 Schedules to this Agreement are an integral part of this Agreement; 

 1.2.2 headings
 are for ease of reference only and shall not be taken into account in construing this
 Agreement; 

 1.2.3 the
 expression this Clause shall, unless followed by reference to a specific provision, be
 deemed to refer to the whole clause (not merely the sub-clause, paragraph or other provision)
 in which the expression occurs; 

 1.2.4 a
 reference to a Party shall include that Party's successors and permitted assigns; 

 1.2.5 a
 reference to the ordinary course of business shall mean the running of the relevant
 business in accordance with its custom, transactions and past practice; 

 1.2.6 a
 person includes any individual, firm, company, authority, court, government or other
 incorporated or unincorporated body corporate or politic including a Governmental Authority; 

 1.2.7 references
 to documents being in the agreed form shall mean in relation to any documents,
 the draft of the document which has been agreed between the relevant parties thereto
 and initialled on their behalf for the purpose of identification; 

 1.2.8 the
 use of the singular herein shall include the plural and vice versa; 

 1.2.9 any
 reference to includes or including shall be deemed to be a reference to
 includes (without limitation) or including (without limitation) respectively; 

 1.2.10 a
 reference to a date which is not a Business Day shall be construed as a reference to
 the next succeeding Business Day; 

 1.2.11 all
 references to time and dates are expressed and shall be construed in accordance with
 the Gregorian calendar; and 

 1.2.12 a
 reference to an agreement or other document is a reference to that agreement or document
 as supplemented, amended or novated from time to time. 

 2. Contribution 

 At
the Completion Date, subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Contributor shall contribute to NESR and NESR shall accept from
the Contributor, the legal and beneficial ownership of the Company Shares free and clear from any Encumbrance and together with
all legal and beneficial rights and benefits attached or accruing to them on Completion including the right to receive all dividends
or distributions declared, made or paid on or after Completion. 

 RESTRICTED - Page 7 

 The
Completion Date shall be designated by NESR, subject to satisfaction of the Conditions Precedent in accordance with Clause 4,
but shall not occur later than thirty (30) days after NESR shareholder approval of this Agreement, unless the Parties agree otherwise.
For the avoidance of doubt, and without prejudice to any other term of this Agreement, unless the Contributor agrees otherwise,
the Contributor shall not be required to contribute the Company Shares to NESR pursuant to this Agreement before the completion
of the transactions contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreement and the Other Combination Agreement. 

 3. Consideration 

 3.1 As
 consideration for the Company Shares (the " Consideration "), at Completion
 NESR shall issue the Equity Consideration to the accounts designated by the Contributor
 in writing, free and clear of all Encumbrances (except for Encumbrances consisting of
 restrictions on transfer generally arising under applicable federal or state securities
 law as well as the Lock-up Agreement), and a certificate, signed by a duly authorized
 officer of NESR and delivered to the Contributor at the Completion, evidencing appropriate
 book entries to the accounts designated by the Contributor in writing. 

 3.2 The
 Parties hereby agree and acknowledge that any Taxes attributable to the Contributor applicable
 to the contribution of the Company Shares by the Contributor to NESR as contemplated
 by this Agreement shall be the sole responsibility of the Contributor and any Taxes attributable
 to NESR applicable to the acquisition of the Company Shares by NESR from the Contributor
 as contemplated by this Agreement shall be the sole responsibility of NESR. 

 3.3 Contributor
 will place the Company Shares into its vault in Houston, Texas within fifteen (15) days
 after NESR files the first submission of its Proxy Statement and such Company Shares
 shall remain in its vault until the earlier of Completion Date or a failure of the shareholders
 of NESR to approve the Business Combination. 

 4. Conditions
 Precedent 

 Conditions
Precedent to Completion 

 4.1 Completion
 shall be subject to and conditional upon the Parties procuring the completion of the
 Conditions Precedent in form and substance that are materially required to complete the
 Transaction and in a manner that is satisfactory to the Contributor and NESR, as applicable,
 in each case acting reasonably and in good faith. 

 4.2 NESR
 shall use all reasonable endeavours to procure that such Conditions Precedent in Part
 1 of Schedule 1 are satisfied on or before the Long Stop Date. In particular NESR shall
 execute, perform and do (or procure to be executed, performed and done by third parties
 as necessary) all such deeds, documents, procedures, acts and things as are necessary
 to procure the satisfaction of those Conditions Precedent as soon as practicable. 

 RESTRICTED - Page 8 

 4.3 The
 Contributor shall use all reasonable endeavours to procure that such Conditions Precedent
 in Part 2 of Schedule 1 are satisfied on or before the Long Stop Date. In particular,
 the Contributor shall execute, perform and do (or procure to be executed, performed and
 done by third parties as necessary) all such deeds, documents, procedures, acts and things
 as are necessary to procure the satisfaction of those Conditions Precedent as soon as
 practicable. 

 4.4 NESR
 may waive any of Conditions Precedent in Part 2 of Schedule 1 (either in whole or in
 part) at any time by giving written notice to the Contributor. The Contributor may waive
 any of Conditions Precedent in Part 1 of Schedule 1 (either in whole or in part) at any
 time by giving written notice to NESR. 

 4.5 Each
 Party undertakes to disclose in writing to the other: 

 4.5.1 anything
 which will or is reasonably likely to prevent any of the Conditions Precedent from being
 satisfied on or prior to the Long Stop Date as soon as reasonably practicable upon becoming
 aware of the same; 

 4.5.2 any
 material development relating to the fulfilment of any of the Conditions Precedent as
 soon as reasonably practicable after it comes to its attention. 

 4.6 If
 the Conditions Precedent are not satisfied, or waived in accordance with Clause 4.4,
 on or before the Long Stop Date then: 

 4.6.1 in
 their absolute discretion, the Long Stop Date may be extended by the Parties to such
 date as they may agree in writing; or 

 4.6.2 if
 a breach by either of the Contributor or by NESR of Clause 4.2 or 4.3, as applicable
 (the " Breaching Party ") has caused one or more of the Conditions Precedent
 not to be satisfied by the Long Stop Date, NESR (if the Breaching Party is the Contributor)
 or the Contributor (of the Breaching Party is NESR) may, at its absolute discretion,
 upon written notice to the Breaching Party on or before the Long Stop Date, extend the
 Long Stop Date to such date as it may notify in writing to the Breaching Party provided
 that such date shall not be later than the date which is one month after the Long Stop
 Date, 

 in
either case, such date being the " Final Long Stop Date ", and the obligations of the Parties under Clause 4.2
and 4.3 to procure the satisfaction of the Conditions shall continue to apply until the Conditions are satisfied or, where applicable,
waived (in accordance with Clause 4.4). For the avoidance of doubt, the extension to the Final Long Stop Date shall apply to all
the Conditions Precedent those directly involved in the relevant breach. 

 4.7 If
 the Conditions Precedent are not satisfied, or, where applicable, waived (in accordance
 with Clause 4.4), by the Long Stop Date or the Final Long Stop Date (as applicable) then
 Clause 12 shall apply. 

 5. Pre-completion
 Covenants 

 Conduct
of Business 

 5.1 Until
 Completion, the Contributor undertakes to NESR that it shall not dispose of or otherwise
 create, grant, extend or permit to subsist or take any action that shall lead to any
 Encumbrance over all or any portion of the Company Shares (other than to NESR pursuant
 to this Agreement or pursuant to any Transaction Document or the Company Shareholders
 Agreement), and that if any Encumbrance shall attach to such Company Shares Contributor
 shall take all necessary measures to remove any such Encumbrance before the Completion. 

 RESTRICTED - Page 9 

 Proxy
Statement 

 5.2 NESR
 shall file with the SEC a Proxy Statement relating to the Transaction. NESR shall file
 the Proxy Statement in a manner consistent with any and all applicable Federal Securities
 Laws and in accordance with and as required by the applicable governing documents of
 NESR (including, without limitation, the Prospectus and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
 and Articles of Incorporation). 

 5.3 NESR
 shall provide the Contributor and its counsel a reasonable opportunity to review and
 approve (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld) any portion of the Proxy Statement,
 including any amendments and supplements thereto, that refers directly or indirectly
 to the Contributor or any of its Affiliates prior to filing the Proxy Statement with
 the SEC. 

 Listing 

 5.4 From
 the date of this Agreement through the Completion, NESR shall use all reasonable efforts
 that are necessary or desirable for NESR to remain listed as a public company on, and
 for shares of NESR Common Stock to be tradable over, the applicable Nasdaq market(s)
 and such other exchange or trading market as the NESR Common Stock is then listed. 

 Registration
Rights 

 5.5 NESR
 shall grant one demand registration right and piggyback registration rights to the Contributor
 on terms consistent with the Registration Rights Agreement, including any amendment thereof. 

 Operations
of NESR Prior to Completion 

 5.6 Between
 the date hereof and the Completion, except (x) as contemplated by this Agreement
 or (y) with the prior approval of the Contributor, NESR shall not (directly or indirectly)
 take any of the following actions: 

 5.6.1 take
 any action in violation or contravention of any of the Organizational Documents of NESR
 and applicable law and applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq; 

 5.6.2 split,
 combine or reclassify the NESR Common Stock, or reduce below USD 10.00 per share
 the offering price (as described in the Prospectus) except as provided in this Agreement; 

 5.6.3 make
 any amendment or modification to the Investment Management Trust Agreement between the
 Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company; 

 RESTRICTED - Page 10 

 5.6.4 make
 or allow to be made any reduction in the NESR Trust Amount, other than as expressly permitted
 by the Organizational Documents of NESR; or 

 5.6.5 amend
 the Stock Purchase Agreement or the Other Combination Agreement in any material respect
 in a manner that is economically adverse to the Contributor or that revises the structure
 of the transactions contemplated thereby or the parties to such agreements. 

 Exclusivity 

 5.7 Except
 with respect to this Agreement, between the Signing Date and (i) the Completion Date
 or (ii) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Clause 12, the Contributor shall
 not, and each of its representatives, directors, managers, employees, agents and advisors
 shall not: 

 5.7.1 solicit,
 initiate, consider, encourage or accept any other proposals or offers from, or provide
 any information to, any party in respect of the sale of all or part of the Company Shares;
 or 

 5.7.2 enter
 into any agreement (or grant any option or right) to sell, transfer or otherwise legally
 and/or beneficially dispose of the Company Shares; or 

 5.7.3 enter
 into any discussions, conversations, negotiations or other communications with any third
 party in respect of the foregoing. 

 5.8 Between
 the Signing Date and (i) the Completion Date or (ii) termination of this Agreement in
 accordance with Clause 12, the Contributor shall refrain from taking any action the purpose
 or effect of which could reasonably be expected to frustrate the ability of the Parties
 to pursue and complete the Transaction. 

 5.9 The
 Contributor and NESR shall cooperate with each other, and with the sellers of the shares
 to be transferred to NESR pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, in relation to any
 brokering arrangements that may be necessary in order to implement the transfer of the
 Company Shares to NESR on the Completion Date. 

 5.10 The
 Contributor and NESR hereby agree to cooperate with each other and execute, acknowledge
 (if necessary) and deliver such documents, certificates or other instruments, as mutually
 agreed, and take such other actions as may be reasonably required to carry out the intents
 and purposes of this Agreement and comply with the laws of Oman, including ownership
 requirements. The requesting Party shall reimburse the responding Party for all
 reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by the responding Party in connection therewith. 

 6. Completion
 and Post-Completion Obligations of Contributor 

 6.1 On
 the Completion Date: 

 6.1.1 The
 Contributor shall transfer the legal and beneficial ownership of the Company Shares to
 NESR free from any Encumbrance, including providing all documents and instruments necessary
 to effect the transfer of title to the name of NESR at the MCDC, and NESR shall be responsible
 for all transfer fees; 

 RESTRICTED - Page 11 

 6.1.2 NESR
 shall issue the Equity Consideration as contemplated by Clause 3.1; 

 6.1.3 The
 Contributor shall execute the Lock-up Agreement; and 

 6.1.4 The
 Contributor and NESR shall execute the Voting Agreement. 

 7. Undertaking,
 Representations and Warranties 

 7.1 Each
 Party represents and warrants to the other Party that each of the following statements
 is true, accurate and not misleading as at the Signing Date, and represents and warrants
 that they will be true, accurate and not misleading at the Completion Date as if repeated
 immediately prior to Completion: 

 7.1.1 it
 is duly organised, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the country
 of its incorporation and is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in
 every jurisdiction in which it is required to qualify in order to conduct its business
 except where the failure to so qualify would not have a material adverse effect on the
 Party or its properties; 

 7.1.2 it
 is duly qualified to do business and perform the transactions contemplated under this
 Agreement (and each other Transaction Document to which it is or will be a party); 

 7.1.3 it
 has the complete, exclusive and unrestricted right, power and authority to enter into,
 execute and perform this Agreement (and each other Transaction Document to which it is
 or will be a party), and this Agreement (and each other Transaction Document to which
 it is or will be a party) shall, following its execution, constitute a legal, valid and
 binding obligation of such Party; 

 7.1.4 it
 has taken all necessary action to authorise the execution and performance of this Agreement
 and each other Transaction Document in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; 

 7.1.5 it
 has the complete, exclusive and unrestricted right, power and authority to take any action
 and to enter into and execute any documents, applications, forms or agreements required
 by the terms herein; 

 7.1.6 neither
 the execution and delivery of this Agreement (and each other Transaction Document to
 which it is or will be a party), the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein
 and therein, or the fulfilment of, or compliance with, the terms and conditions of this
 Agreement (and each other Transaction Document to which it is or will be a party), conflict
 with or result in a breach of or a default under any of the terms, conditions or provisions
 of any legal restriction (including without limitation, any judgment, order, injunction,
 decree or ruling of any court or Governmental Authority, or any law, statute, rule or
 regulation) or any covenant or agreement or instrument to which such Party is now a party,
 or by which such Party or any of its assets or property is bound, nor does such execution,
 delivery, consummation or compliance violate or result in the violation of any of such
 Party's constitutional documents; and 

 RESTRICTED - Page 12 

 7.1.7 no
 representation, covenant, warranty or other statement made by itself in this Agreement
 any other document or agreement referred to herein contains any untrue statement or omits
 to state a material fact necessary to make any of them, in light of the circumstances
 in which it was made, not misleading. 

 7.2 Each
 Party shall immediately (and in any event before Completion) notify the other Party in
 writing of anything of which the notifying Party is or becomes aware which renders or
 is likely to render any of its Warranties untrue, inaccurate or misleading. 

 7.3 Any
 notice given under this Clause 7 in relation to any matter or circumstance shall not,
 for the avoidance of doubt, operate as a disclosure or prevent NESR from making any Indemnity
 Claim arising from that matter or circumstance. 

 8. Contributor
 Warranties 

 8.1 The
 Contributor warrants to NESR that each of the Contributor Warranties is true, accurate
 and not misleading as at the Signing Date and at the Completion Date. 

 8.2 Each
 of the Contributor Warranties shall be construed as: 

 8.2.1 a
 separate and independent warranty; and 

 8.2.2 unless
 expressly provided in this Agreement, shall not be limited by reference to any other
 sub-clause of Clause 7 and NESR shall have a separate claim and right of action in respect
 of every breach of a Contributor Warranty. 

 8.3 The
 Contributor Warranties shall not in any respect be extinguished or affected by Completion. 

 8.4 The
 provisions of Schedule 3 apply, to the extent set out therein, to limit the liability
 of the Contributor with respect to a Claim under this Agreement. 

 8.5 The
 Contributor acknowledges that NESR has entered into this Agreement in reliance on, among
 other things, the Contributor Warranties. 

 8.6 The
 Contributor represents and warrants that at the time of signing of this Agreement, the
 shares that it owns in the Company are not Encumbered in any manner other than by this
 Agreement, any Transaction Document and the Company Shareholders Agreement. 

 9. NESR
 Warranties 

 9.1 NESR
 warrants to the Contributor that each of the NESR Warranties is true, accurate and not
 misleading as at the Signing Date and at the Completion Date. 

 9.2 Each
 of the NESR Warranties: 

 9.2.1 shall
 be construed as a separate and independent warranty; and 

 9.2.2 shall
 not be limited by reference to any other sub-clause of Clause 7 and the Contributor shall
 have a separate claim and right of action in respect of every breach of a NESR Warranty. 

 RESTRICTED - Page 13 

 9.3 The
 NESR Warranties shall not in any respect be extinguished or affected by Completion. 

 9.4 NESR
 represents and warrants that it has provided to the Contributor prior to the Signing
 Date and the Completion Date all information discovered by NESR during the course of
 due diligence of NPS Holdings, Ltd. that NESR believes, in its reasonable judgment, would
 constitute conduct that would be in violation of law that could have a Material Adverse
 Effect on NPS Holdings, Ltd. if continued or repeated after the consummation of the purchase
 contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreement, including issues related to violations
 by, or failure to comply by, of NPS Holdings, Ltd. with applicable laws (including violations
 of import/export restrictions or the Anti-Bribery Laws), or circumstances that exist
 that would make it a violation of applicable law for the Contributor, if it were owned
 by United States persons, to directly or indirectly own an ownership interest in of NPS
 Holdings, Ltd. 

 10. Indemnities 

 10.1 Without
 prejudice to any other right or remedy available to the Contributor, NESR agrees and
 undertakes to fully indemnify, keep indemnified and hold harmless the Contributor from
 and against any losses, damages, liabilities, claims, diminution of value, interest,
 awards, judgments, penalties, costs or expenses (including legal and other professional
 fees, costs and out-of-pocket expenses incurred in investigating, preparing or defending
 the foregoing) (collectively, " Losses ") asserted against, suffered
 or incurred from time to time by the Contributor arising out of or resulting from any
 breach of NESR's covenants or agreements herein or any NESR Warranty; and 

 10.2 Without
 prejudice to any other right or remedy available to NESR, the Contributor agrees and
 undertakes to fully indemnify, keep indemnified and hold harmless NESR from and against
 any Losses asserted against, suffered or incurred from time to time by NESR arising out
 of or resulting from any breach of the Contributor's covenants or agreements herein
 or any Contributor Warranty. 

 10.3 No
 Party shall have any liability for any Indemnity Claim, in the following circumstances: 

 10.3.1 if
 the relevant Indemnity Claim would not have arisen but for a voluntary act or omission
 made after the Completion Date by the other Party; and 

 10.3.2 unless
 and until the contingent liability to which the relevant Indemnity Claim relates becomes
 an actual liability and is due and payable. 

 10.4 For
 the avoidance of doubt, nothing in Schedule 3 shall qualify or limit the liability of
 a Party in relation to (i) Clause 10.1; or (ii) any fraud or wilful misconduct on the
 part of the Party. 

 RESTRICTED - Page 14 

 11. Indemnity
 Claims 

 11.1 In
 respect of an Indemnity Claim: 

 11.1.1 the
 Indemnified Party shall notify the Indemnifying Party in writing of any Indemnity Claim
 within sixty (60) Business Days after the Indemnified Party becomes aware of the event
 giving rise to the Indemnity Claim. The Indemnified Party shall in its notice to the
 Indemnifying Party specify the amount claimed, if known, and explain in reasonable detail
 (to the extent such information is available at the time of the relevant Indemnity Claim)
 the matter which gives rise to the relevant Indemnity Claim (although failure to give
 such detail shall not invalidate the notice of such Indemnity Claim); 

 11.1.2 the
 Indemnifying Party, acting reasonably, following receipt of an Indemnity Claim and in
 any event no later than 30 (thirty) days thereof, shall either: 

 (a) accept
 such Indemnity Claim and confirm the same in writing (the " Acceptance Letter ")
 and make payment to the Indemnified Party of the Indemnity Claim in settlement of all
 liabilities arising from such Indemnity Claim within a period of a further 30 (thirty)
 days from the date of the Acceptance Letter; or 

 (b) notify
 the Indemnified Party in writing that it intends to dispute the Indemnity Claim. 

 11.2 If
 the Indemnity Claim is raised through the notice sent by Indemnified Party according
 to Clause 11.1.1, then during a period of 30 (thirty) days following the giving of the
 notice by the Indemnifying Party under Clause 11.1.2(b), the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified
 Party shall attempt to resolve any differences which they may have with respect to any
 matters constituting the subject matter of such notice. If, at the end of such period,
 the Parties fail to reach an agreement in writing with respect to all such matters, then
 all matters as to which an agreement is not so reached may be submitted to arbitration
 pursuant to Clause 22. 

 11.3 No
 Indemnified Party shall be entitled to initiate proceedings in respect of an Indemnity
 Claim after the expiry of a term of six (6) months after the date on which such Indemnified
 Party gives notice pursuant to Clause 11.1.1 in relation to that Indemnity Claim. 

 12. Termination 

 12.1 Subject
 to Clause 12.3, this Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Completion
 Date: 

 12.1.1 by
 NESR if, between the Signing Date and the Completion Date: 

 (a) any
 Contributor Warranties (A) that are not qualified by "materiality" shall
 not have been true and correct in all material respects when made or (B) that are qualified
 by "materiality" shall not have been true and correct when made; or 

 RESTRICTED - Page 15 

 (b) the
 Contributor makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or any proceeding
 shall be instituted by or against the Contributor seeking to adjudicate any of them as
 bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking any of their liquidation, winding up or reorganization,
 or seeking any arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief or composition of any of their
 debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization; or 

 (c) shareholders
 of NESR do not grant approval of the Transaction by the requisite vote; or 

 (d) the
 Contributor is unable to provide title to all of the shares in the Company that it is
 committed under this Agreement to deliver to NESR on the Completion Date; or 

 12.1.2 by
 the Contributor if, between the Signing Date and the Completion Date: 

 (a) any
 NESR Warranties (A) that are not qualified by "materiality" shall not have
 been true and correct in all material respects when made or (B) that are qualified
 by "materiality" shall not have been true and correct when made; or 

 (b) NESR
 makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or any proceeding shall be instituted
 by or against NESR seeking to adjudicate NESR as bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking its
 liquidation, winding up or reorganization, or seeking any arrangement, adjustment, protection,
 relief or composition of its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or
 reorganization; or 

 12.1.3 by
 either the Contributor or NESR if: 

 (a) the
 shareholders of NESR fail to approve this Transaction; 

 (b) NESR
 fails to complete the transactions contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreement and acquire
 72.7% of the shares of the Company; 

 (c) all
 the Conditions Precedent are not satisfied, or waived, in accordance with Clause 4.4
 on or before (i) the Long Stop Date if the Long Stop Date is not extended in accordance
 with Clause 4.6.2 or (ii) the Final Long Stop Date if the Long Stop Date is extended
 in accordance with Clause 4.6.1; or 

 (d) Completion
 shall not have occurred by the Final Long Stop Date; 

 12.1.4 by
 the written consent of both Parties. 

 12.2 In
 the event of termination of this Agreement as provided in this Clause 12, this Agreement
 shall forthwith become void and there shall be no liability on the part of any Party
 except (a) Clause 1 (Definitions and Interpretation), this Clause 12.2, Clause 17 (Remedies
 and Waivers), Clause 20 (Notices), Clause 21 (Confidentiality) and Clause 22 (Governing
 Law and Jurisdiction) and (b) that nothing herein shall relieve any Party from liability
 for any breach of this Agreement. 

 RESTRICTED - Page 16 

 12.3 Any
 right of termination arising under Clause 12.1, which derives from an actual or perceived
 breach of the Warranties, shall not be exercisable before the Party in breach (or apparent
 breach) has first been afforded a period of fifteen (15) calendar days after having received
 a notice to that effect from the Party seeking to rely on the breach (or apparent breach),
 to rectify such breach to such an extent as to remedy the effect that would otherwise
 have been caused (and upon which the right of termination would otherwise have been based). 

 13. Costs
 and Expenses 

 13.1 The
 costs and expenses incurred by the Parties in relation to the negotiation, preparation
 and consummation of this Transaction, including but not limited to respective attorneys'
 fees in connection thereto shall be borne by the Party incurring such expenses; provided ,
 however , that the Parties agree that if the Business Combination and Completion
 are consummated, NESR shall be obligated to pay all expenses incurred by the Parties
 in connection with the preparation, negotiation and consummation of this Agreement, the
 Transaction Documents, and any prior contracting drafts or documents ancillary to the
 Transaction Documents subject to a maximum cap on such expenses incurred by Contributor
 and SCF-VIII, L.P. of Three Hundred Fifty Thousand USD ($350,000), subject to submission
 of proper invoice; provided further that no expenses incurred by the Contributor
 in connection with the preparation of the Proxy Statement shall be reimbursed by NESR
 unless approved in advance and that Contributor and its affiliates or shareholders shall
 not be entitled to recover from NESR expenses already reimbursed by the Company or pursuant
 to any other agreement. 

 13.2 Liability
 for Brokers' Fees. 

 13.2.1 Contributor
 shall not directly or indirectly have any responsibility, liability or expense, as a
 result of undertakings or agreements of NESR or any of its Affiliates, for brokerage
 fees, finder's fees, agent's commissions or other similar forms of compensation
 in connection with this Agreement or any agreement or the Transactions. 

 13.2.2 NESR
 shall not directly or indirectly have any responsibility, liability or expense, as a
 result of undertakings or agreements of Contributor or any of its Affiliates, for brokerage
 fees, finder's fees, agent's commissions or other similar forms of compensation
 in connection with this Agreement or any agreement or the Transactions. 

 14. Successors,
 Transfers and Assignment 

 This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns; provided
that this Agreement (and any of the rights, benefits, interests or obligations of any Party hereunder) may not be assigned, transferred
or held in trust by any Party without the prior written consent of the other Party hereto (such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld). 

 RESTRICTED - Page 17 

 15. Entire
 Agreement 

 The
Transaction Documents set out the entire agreement between the Parties relating to the Transaction. The Transaction Documents
supersede all previous arrangements, negotiations, discussions and agreements between the Parties relating to the Transaction. 

 16. Amendment
 to the Agreement 

 This
Agreement may be amended, waived or modified only by an instrument in writing signed by each of the Parties hereto. 

 17. Remedies
 and Waivers 

 No
Waiver or Discharge 

 17.1 No
 breach by either Party of any provision of this Agreement shall be waived or discharged
 except with the express written consent of the other Party. 

 Effect
of Failure or Delay 

 17.2 No
 failure or delay by a Party in exercising any right, power or privilege under this Agreement
 or at law shall operate as a waiver of that right, power or privilege and no single or
 partial exercise by a Party of any right, power or privilege shall preclude any further
 exercise of that right, power or privilege or the exercise of any other right, power
 or privilege of such Party under this Agreement or any applicable laws. 

 Rights,
Benefits and Remedies Cumulative 

 The
rights, benefits and remedies provided in this Agreement are cumulative. 

 18. Counterparts 

 Number
and Effectiveness of Counterparts 

 18.1 This
 Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts. A Party may enter into this
 Agreement by executing a counterpart, but this Agreement shall not be effective until
 each Party has executed at least one counterpart. The exchange of signed copies of this
 Agreement by any electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial
 appearance of a document shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Agreement
 as to the Parties and may be used in lieu of an original Agreement or other document
 for all purposes. Signatures of the Parties transmitted by any electronic means referenced
 in the preceding sentence shall be deemed to be original signatures for all purposes. 

 Notwithstanding
The Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act or any other applicable law relating to or enabling the creation,
execution, delivery, or recordation of any contract or signature by electronic means, and notwithstanding any course of conduct
engaged in by the Parties, no Party shall be deemed to have executed this Agreement unless and until such Party shall have executed
this Agreement or such document on paper by a handwritten original signature with current intention to authenticate this Agreement
or such other contemplated document and an original of such signature has been exchanged by the Parties either by physical delivery
or in the manner set forth in Section 2.2(b) . " Originally signed " or " original signature "
means or refers to a signature that has not been mechanically or electronically reproduced. 

 RESTRICTED - Page 18 

 One
Instrument 

 18.2 Each
 counterpart shall constitute an original of this Agreement but all the counterparts together
 constitute the same instrument. 

 19. Invalidity 

 The
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability
of any other provision of this Agreement under any applicable laws. 

 20. Notices 

 Service 

 Any
notice or other communication to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be (i) delivered by hand; or (ii)
delivered by courier to be served at the address specified below: 

 20.1 The
 Contributor 

 SV3
Holdings PTE Ltd. 

 c/o
SCF Partners 

 600
Travis Street, Suite 6600 

 Houston,
Texas 77002 

 Attention: Andrew
L. Waite; Theresa W. Eaton 

 Email: AWaite@scfpartners.com ;
 TEaton@scfpartners.com 

 With
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

 Vinson
& Elkins L.L.P. 

 1001
Fannin Street, Suite 2500 

 Houston,
Texas 77002 

 Attention: W.
Matthew Strock; E. Ramey Layne 

 Email:
 mstrock@velaw.com ; rlayne@velaw.com 

 20.2 NESR 

 777
Post Oak Blvd., Suite 730 

 Houston,
Texas 77056 

 Attention: Sherif
Foda 

 Email: sfoda@nesrco.com 

 RESTRICTED - Page 19 

 With
a copy to (which does not constitute notice): 

 Looper
Goodwine, P.C. 

 1300
Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 2400 

 Houston,
Texas 77056 

 Attention: Donald
R. Looper 

 Email: dlooper@loopergoodwine.com 

 or
to such other address as a Party may notify to the other Parties in writing as being its address for such purpose. 

 Receipt 

 Any
notice or communication shall be deemed to have been received (i) if by hand, on the day of delivery thereof to the receiving
Party or (ii) if by courier, on the day of delivery thereof to the receiving Party. 

 21. Confidentiality 

 Each
Party agrees that the terms of this Agreement and any information disclosed prior to the Signing Date shall be considered confidential
information and the Parties shall not disclose the existence of this Agreement or any of its terms to any third party, either
during the term of this Agreement or thereafter, and only disclose such information to such of its directors, officers, employees,
agents or professional advisers who have a need to know such information. 

 22. Governing
 Law and Jurisdiction 

 22.1 This
 Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it
 shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales. 

 22.2 In
 the event of any dispute between the Parties arising out of or relating to this Agreement
 (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in
 connection with this Agreement), representatives of the parties shall, within ten (10)
 Business Days of service of a written notice from either party to the other (a " Disputes
 Notice" ), hold a meeting (a " Dispute Meeting ") in an effort
 to resolve the dispute. In the absence of agreement to the contrary the Dispute Meeting
 shall be held at the registered office for the time being of the Company. 

 22.3 Each
 Party shall use all reasonable endeavours to send a representative who has authority
 to settle the dispute to attend the Dispute Meeting. 

 22.4 Any
 dispute arising out of or with respect to this Agreement shall be resolved solely by arbitration
 held under the American Arbitration Association (" AAA "). The seat,
 or legal place, of arbitration shall be Houston, Texas. The arbitrator shall be instructed
 to attempt to conclude the arbitration within 30 days of initiation of proceedings. Both
 parties expressly waive their rights to resort to the courts and expressly waive their
 rights to discovery except as required by the arbitrator. Time is of the essence, and
 the arbitrator is authorized to render a default judgment against a party failing to
 appear, provided adequate evidence is presented by the party participating. 

 22.5 The
 number of arbitrators shall be one (1). The arbitrator will be appointed by the AAA. 

 RESTRICTED - Page 20 

 22.6 The
 language to be used in the arbitration shall be English. 

 22.7 Any
 requirement in the Rules to take account of the nationality of a person considered for
 appointment as an arbitrator shall not apply and a person may be nominated or appointed
 as an arbitrator (including as chairman) regardless of his nationality. 

 22.8 The
 award made by the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties and may be enforced
 in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the extent permissible by law, the parties
 hereby waive any right to appeal the decision of the arbitrator. 

 22.9 Notwithstanding
 the foregoing, the parties agree that any of them may seek interim measures including
 injunctive relief in relation to the provisions of this Agreement or the parties'
 performance of it from any court of competent jurisdiction. 

 23. No
 Claim Against NESR Trust 

 23.1 The
 Contributor acknowledges that it has read the Prospectus and that NESR has established
 the NESR Trust from the proceeds of its initial public offering (" IPO ")
 and from certain private placements occurring simultaneously with the IPO for the benefit
 of NESR's public shareholders (" Public Shareholders ") and certain
 parties (including the underwriters of the IPO) and that, except for a portion of the
 interest earned on the amounts held in the NESR Trust, NESR may disburse monies from
 the NESR Trust only: (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem
 NESR Common Stock in connection with the consummation of NESR's initial business
 combination (as such term is used in the Prospectus) (" Business Combination "),
 (ii) to the Public Shareholders if NESR fails to consummate a Business Combination within
 twenty-four months from the closing of the IPO, (iii) any amounts necessary to pay any
 taxes or (iv) to, or on behalf of, NESR after or concurrently with the consummation
 of a Business Combination. The Contributor hereby agrees that, it does not now and shall
 not at any time hereafter have (other than its rights upon Completion) any right, title,
 interest or Claim of any kind in or to any monies in the NESR Trust or distributions
 therefrom, or make any Claim prior to Completion against the NESR Trust, regardless of
 whether such claim arises based on contract, tort, equity or any other theory of legal
 liability. The Contributor hereby irrevocably waives any Claims it may have, against
 the NESR Trust (including any distributions therefrom) now or in the future as a result
 of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with NESR and will not,
 prior to the Completion, seek recourse against the NESR Trust (including any distributions
 therefrom) for any reason whatsoever (including for an alleged breach of this Agreement).
 For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
 the waivers under this Clause 23.1 will continue to apply at and after the Completion
 to distributions made to redeeming Public Shareholders and for transaction expenses paid
 (including deferred expenses payable to NESR's underwriters in connection with
 the IPO). The Contributor agrees and acknowledges that such irrevocable waiver is material
 to this Agreement and specifically relied upon by NESR to induce it to enter into this
 Agreement. 

 RESTRICTED - Page 21 

 Schedule
1 
 Conditions Precedent to Completion 

 1 NESR
 Conditions 

 Contributor
agrees that the sole remedy for the failure of any of these conditions known to Contributor prior to Completion shall be that
Contributor shall have the right not to close the GES Contribution and to terminate this Agreement. If any failure to satisfy
these conditions becomes known after Completion, Contributor may choose to raise such failure as an Indemnity Claim against the
Breaching Party and not seek to rescind the Agreement. 

 1.1 The
 Transactions, including the transactions contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreement
 and the Other Combination Agreement, shall close concurrently with or prior to the Completion. 

 1.2 The
 NESR Warranties shall have been true, accurate and not misleading at the Signing Date
 and at Completion in all material respects. 

 1.3 There
 shall not be any pending action, suit, proceeding, claim, arbitration or litigation that
 is expected to have a material impact on this Transaction. 

 1.4 NESR
 shall do all such things necessary in accordance with any applicable laws, particularly
 the rules and regulations of the MOCI, MCDC and MSM, for the sale of the Company Shares
 to NESR. 

 1.5 This
 Agreement and the Transaction shall have been approved by the requisite vote of the shareholders
 of NESR in accordance with the Proxy Statement, and such Proxy Statement shall have been
 approved by the SEC and comply with the applicable provisions of the Federal Securities
 Laws. 

 1.6 The
 NESR Common Stock issued to the Contributor as part of the Equity Consideration shall
 have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq and such other exchange or trading market
 as the NESR Common Stock is then listed. 

 1.7 NESR
 shall not have issued any NESR Common Stock at a value below USD 10.00 per share under
 the Other Combination Agreement. 

 1.8 NESR
 shall have at least USD 5,000,001 of net tangible assets (as determined in accordance
 with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Exchange Act) remaining after the closing of the Offer. 

 1.9 The
 Contributor shall have received from NESR an executed counterpart of each of the Transaction
 Documents that are to be signed by NESR. 

 1.10 Opening
 by NESR of an account with MCDC. 

 1.11 Completion
 by NESR of all formalities required by any broker through which the Company Shares will
 be contributed to NESR (including opening of any necessary broker account). 

 RESTRICTED - Page 22 

 2 Contributor
 Conditions 

 NESR
agrees that the sole remedy for the failure of any of these conditions known to NESR prior to Completion shall be that NESR shall
have the right not to close the GES Contribution and to terminate this Agreement. If any failure to satisfy these conditions becomes
known after Completion, NESR may choose to raise such failure as an Indemnity against the Breaching Party and not seek to rescind
the Agreement. 

 2.1 The
 Transactions, including the transactions contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreement
 and the Other Combination Agreement, shall close concurrently with or prior to Completion,
 unless the condition in paragraph 1.1 of this Schedule 1 is waived by Contributor. 

 2.2 The
 Contributor Warranties shall have been true, accurate and not misleading at the Signing
 Date and at Completion in all material respects. 

 2.3 There
 shall not be any pending action, suit, proceeding, claim, arbitration or litigation that
 is expected to have a material impact on this Transaction. 

 2.4 The
 Contributor shall do all such things necessary in accordance with any applicable laws,
 particularly the rules and regulations of the MOCI, MCDC and MSM, for the sale of the
 Company Shares to NESR. 

 2.5 NESR
 shall have at least USD 5,000,001 of net tangible assets (as determined in accordance
 with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Exchange Act) remaining after the closing of the Offer. 

 2.6 NESR
 shall have received from the Contributor an executed counterpart of each of the Transaction
 Documents that are to be signed by the Contributor. 

 2.7 Completion
 by the Contributor of all formalities required by any broker through which the Company
 Shares will be contributed to NESR (including opening of any necessary broker account). 

 RESTRICTED - Page 23 

 Schedule
2 
 Warranties 

 1 Contributor
 Warranties 

 1.1 Existence
 and Power to sell the Company Shares. 

 (a) Contributor
 is: (a) an entity organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of
 Singapore; and (b) duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in every jurisdiction
 in which it is required to qualify in order to conduct its business except where the
 failure to so qualify would not have a material adverse effect on Contributor or its
 properties. 

 (b) The
 Contributor has full power, capacity and authority to sell the legal and beneficial ownership
 of the Company Shares and no consent or approval is required from any person to enable
 the Contributor to transfer or sell the Company Shares. 

 (c) The
 execution, delivery and performance by the Contributor of this Agreement and, subject
 to the satisfaction of the Conditions Precedent as set forth in this Agreement, the performance
 of the obligations of the Contributor under it do not and will not constitute a default
 under any provision of: 

 (i) any
 Transaction Document to which the Contributor is a party; 

 (ii) the
 constitutional and corporate documents of the Contributor; or 

 (iii) so
 far as the Contributor is aware, any law, order, judgment, award, injunction or decree
 by which the Contributor. 

 1.2 Title
 to Company Shares. 

 (a) The
 Contributor is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Company Shares and is entitled
 to transfer the legal and beneficial title to all the Company Shares on the terms and
 subject to the conditions set out in this Agreement free from all Encumbrances without
 the consent or approval, of any person. 

 1.3 Contributor
 Information. 

 (a) None
 of the information supplied or to be supplied by the Contributor or any of its Affiliates
 relating to the Contributor, the Company Shares and/or the Contributor's stockholders,
 members, control persons and representatives expressly for inclusion or in the filings
 with the SEC, mailings to NESR's stockholders with respect to the Offer, and/or
 the redemption of NESR Common Stock, any supplements thereto and/or in any other document
 filed with any Governmental Authority in connection herewith (including the Offer Documents),
 will, at the date of filing and/or mailing, as the case may be, knowingly contain any
 untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order
 to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made,
 not misleading (subject to the qualifications and limitations set forth in the materials
 provided by the Contributor or that are included in such filings and/or mailings). No
 representation or warranty is made by Contributor or any of its Affiliates with respect
 to statements made or incorporated by reference therein based on information supplied
 or to be supplied by, or on behalf of, Contributor or any of its Affiliates. 

 RESTRICTED - Page 24 

 1.4 The
 Contributor shall have paid sixty-eight million two hundred fifty thousand dollars ($68,250,000)
 to purchase the Company Shares; if Contributor has paid less to acquire the Company Shares
 or if Contributor received payments from the persons that sold the Company Shares to
 the Contributor or from the Company (such as Leakage Payments), it shall inform NESR
 and the Equity Consideration shall be reduced accordingly. 

 1.5 Litigation. 

 (a) As
 of the Execution Date, there are no pending Proceedings, or to Contributor's knowledge,
 threatened in writing before (or that would be before) any Governmental Authority or
 arbitrator against Contributor or any Affiliate of Contributor which may impair Contributor's
 ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement if such Proceedings are determined
 adversely. 

 1.6 Bankruptcy. 

 (a) There
 are no bankruptcy, reorganization or receivership proceedings pending against, being
 contemplated by, or, to Contributor's knowledge, threatened against Contributor. 

 1.7 No
 Conflicts. 

 (a) The
 execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Contributor, and the transactions
 contemplated by this Agreement will not (a) violate any provision of the Organizational
 Documents of Contributor, (b) result in a material default (with due notice or lapse
 of time or both) or the creation of any lien or encumbrance, or give rise to any right
 of termination, cancellation or acceleration under any of the terms, conditions or provisions
 of any promissory note, bond, mortgage, indenture, loan or similar financing instrument
 to which Contributor is a party or which affects Contributor's assets, (c) violate
 any judgment, order, ruling, or regulation applicable to Contributor as a party in interest
 or (d) violate any laws applicable to Contributor or any of its assets, except any matters
 described in clauses (b), (c) or (d) above which would not be reasonably likely to impede
 its ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or by any Transaction
 Document. 

 1.8 Authorization
 and Enforceability. 

 (a) The
 execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document
 executed or to be executed by Contributor in connection with the transactions contemplated
 hereby, and the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have
 been duly and validly authorized by all necessary action on the part of NESR. This Agreement
 has been duly executed and delivered by Contributor (and all other Transaction Documents
 required hereunder to be executed and delivered by Contributor have been or at Completion
 will be duly executed and delivered by Contributor) and this Agreement constitutes, and
 at the Completion such documents will constitute, the valid and binding obligations of
 Contributor, enforceable in accordance with their terms except as such enforceability
 may be limited by applicable bankruptcy or other similar laws affecting the rights and
 remedies of creditors generally as well as to general principles of equity (regardless
 of whether such enforceability is considered in a Proceeding in equity or at law). 

 RESTRICTED - Page 25 

 2 NESR
 Warranties 

 2.1 Existence
 and Qualification. 

 (a) NESR
 is: (a) a corporation organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws
 of the British Virgin Islands; and (b) duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation
 in every jurisdiction in which it is required to qualify in order to conduct its business
 except where the failure to so qualify would not have a material adverse effect on NESR
 or its properties. 

 2.2 Power. 

 (a) NESR
 has the requisite power to enter into and perform this Agreement and each other Transaction
 Document to be executed by NESR in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby
 and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 

 2.3 Authorization
 and Enforceability. 

 (a) The
 execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document
 executed or to be executed by NESR in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby,
 and the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been duly
 and validly authorized by all necessary action on the part of NESR. This Agreement has
 been duly executed and delivered by NESR (and all other Transaction Documents required
 hereunder to be executed and delivered by NESR have been or at Completion will be duly
 executed and delivered by NESR) and this Agreement constitutes, and at the Completion
 such documents will constitute, the valid and binding obligations of NESR, enforceable
 in accordance with their terms except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
 bankruptcy or other similar laws affecting the rights and remedies of creditors generally
 as well as to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability
 is considered in a Proceeding in equity or at law). 

 RESTRICTED - Page 26 

 2.4 No
 Conflicts. 

 (a) The
 execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by NESR, and the transactions contemplated
 by this Agreement will not (a) violate any provision of the Organizational Documents
 of NESR, (b) result in a material default (with due notice or lapse of time or both)
 or the creation of any lien or encumbrance, or give rise to any right of termination,
 cancellation or acceleration under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any
 promissory note, bond, mortgage, indenture, loan or similar financing instrument to which
 NESR is a party or which affects NESR's assets, (c) violate any judgment, order,
 ruling, or regulation applicable to NESR as a party in interest or (d) violate any laws
 applicable to NESR or any of its assets, except any matters described in clauses (b),
 (c) or (d) above which would not be reasonably likely to impede its ability to consummate
 the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or by any Transaction Document. 

 2.5 Litigation. 

 (a) As
 of the Execution Date, there are no pending Proceedings, or to NESR's knowledge,
 threatened in writing before (or that would be before) any Governmental Authority or
 arbitrator against NESR or any Affiliate of NESR which may impair NESR's ability
 to perform its obligations under this Agreement if such Proceedings are determined adversely. 

 2.6 Bankruptcy. 

 (a) There
 are no bankruptcy, reorganization or receivership proceedings pending against, being
 contemplated by, or, to NESR's knowledge, threatened against NESR. 

 2.7 Consents. 

 (a) Except
 for consents and approvals addressed by the other provisions of this Agreement (including
 SEC and Nasdaq consent) that are triggered by the purchase and sale of the Company Shares
 and prior approval of the shareholders of NESR, there are no consents, approvals or restrictions
 on assignment applicable to NESR that NESR is obligated to obtain or furnish in order
 to consummate the purchase and sale of Company Shares contemplated by this Agreement
 and perform and observe the covenants and obligations of NESR hereunder. 

 RESTRICTED - Page 27 

 2.8 Capitalization. 

 (a) The
 outstanding capital stock of NESR consists of NESR Common Stock, issued and outstanding,
 and all of which are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable), as reported in the
 NESR SEC Reports. No shares of NESR Common Stock are held in the treasury of NESR. Except
 for the Offer and the Transactions and except as disclosed in the filings of all forms
 and documents that have been filed with the SEC (" NESR SEC Reports "),
 there are no options, warrants or other rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments
 of any character relating to the issued or unissued capital stock of NESR or obligating
 NESR to issue or sell any shares of capital stock of, or other equity interests in, NESR,
 except pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement and the Other Combination Agreement.
 All shares of NESR Common Stock subject to issuance, upon issuance on the terms and conditions
 specified in the instruments pursuant to which they are issuable, will be duly authorized,
 validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. There are no outstanding contractual obligations
 of NESR to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of NESR Common Stock (except
 for the Offer and as disclosed in the NESR SEC Reports and to be disclosed in the Proxy
 Statement). There are no outstanding contractual obligations of NESR to provide funds
 to, or make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise)
 in, any person, except as may be set forth in the Other Combination Agreement and disclosed
 to Contributor. 

 RESTRICTED - Page 28 

 Schedule
3 
 Limitations on Liability 

 1 Maximum
 liability 

 1.1 The
 liability of an Indemnifying Party in respect of (a) all Claims, other than Claims in
 respect of the Fundamental Warranties, shall not exceed 50% of the Equity Consideration;
 and (b) all Claims for breach of the Fundamental Warranties or arising from fraud or
 wilful misconduct shall not be exceed the Equity Consideration. 

 1.2 For
 the purposes of paragraph 1.1, the amount of any costs and expenses and other amounts
 (including interest) ordered or determined to be payable to an Indemnified Party by any
 judgment, order, settlement or award in connection with or arising out of any Claim shall
 excluded from the sums referred to therein as a liability. 

 2 Small
 claims and threshold 

 2.1 No
 Indemnifying Party shall be liable in respect of a Claim (other than any Claim in respect
 of the Fundamental Warranties) unless and until: 

 (a) the
 amount of such relevant Claim exceeds USD 50,000 (a " Qualifying Claim ");
 and 

 (b) the
 aggregate amount of all Qualifying Claims exceeds USD 500,000, in which event the Indemnifying
 Party shall be liable for the whole of such amount claimed (subject to the other provisions
 of this Agreement) and not only for the excess over that sum. 

 2.2 For
 the purposes of paragraph 2.1, the amount of all costs and expenses of an Indemnified
 Party in bringing any Claim shall be excluded from the sums set out in paragraph 2.1. 

 3 Specific
 limitations 

 3.1 No
 Indemnifying Party shall be liable in respect of a Claim to the extent that the matter
 giving rise to, or the loss arising from, that Claim: 

 (a) occurs
 as a result of or is otherwise attributable to: 

 (i) any
 legislation not in force at the Signing Date or any change of law or administrative practice
 or judicial interpretation which comes into force or effect after the Signing Date; or 

 (ii) any
 increase after the Signing Date in any rate of Taxation; 

 (b) has
 been fully recovered by the Indemnified Party under any other document entered into pursuant
 to this Agreement in each case without any cost or expenses to the Indemnified Party;
 or 

 RESTRICTED - Page 29 

 (c) is
 covered under a policy of insurance, in which case, no Claim shall be brought against
 a Party unless a claim has been made against the insurer and all reasonable endeavours
 have been used to pursue the claim. The Indemnifying Party's liability in respect
 of such Claim shall be reduced by any amount recovered under such policy of insurance. 

 4 No
 duplication of liability 

 4.1 No
 Indemnified Party shall not be entitled to recover damages in respect of any Claim or
 otherwise obtain reimbursement or restitution more than once in respect of the same loss. 

 5 Remediable
 breaches 

 5.1 Where
 the matter or default giving rise to a Claim is capable of remedy, the Indemnified Party
 shall procure that the Indemnifying Party is given the opportunity, within twenty (20)
 Business Days after the date on which notice of such Claim is given to the Indemnifying
 Party to remedy the relevant matter or default (if capable of remedy). 

 RESTRICTED - Page 30 

 Signed
 and agreed by the Parties or their duly authorised representatives on the date written above on the first page. 

 Signed
 by 
 
 For
 and on behalf of 
 
 SV3
 HOLDINGS PTE LTD. 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 /s/
 Andrew L. Waite, Co -President 
 /s/
 Tina Rando, Executive Assistant- SCF Partners 
 /s/
 Christy Fojt, Executive Assistant - SCF Partners 
 /s/
 Anthony DeLuca, CFO and MD- SCF Partners 
 
 In
 the presence of 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

 Signed
 by 
 
 For
 and on behalf of 
 
 NATIONAL
 ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORPORATION 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 /s/
 Sherif Foda, CEO 
 
 In
 the presence of 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

 Exhibit
A 

 Voting
Agreement 

 [See
Attached] 

 Exhibit A 

 Exhibit
B 

 Subsidiaries 

 Benon
 Oil Services LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/Ghala Al Sanaiah 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 7
 October 2003 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1737511 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 OMR
 60,000 
 
 Shareholders 
 IPC:
 99% 
 
 Mr
 Hilal: 1% 

 Registered
 Charges 
 None 

 Fishing
 and Remedial Experts Enterprises LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/South Alkhuwair 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 6
 June 2011 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1111412 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 OMR
 150,000 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 99% 
 
 Mr
 Yasser: 1% 

 Registered
 Charges 
 Registered
 mortgage charge in favour of NBO (for a value of OMR 4.1 million (approx. USD 11 million) expiring 17 November 2019 and OMR
 7 million (approx. USD 18 million) expiring 28 March 2021). 

 Gulf
 Drilling Fluids Technology LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/South Alkhuwair 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 4
 September 2012 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1153719 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 150,000
 Omani Rial 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 99% 
 
 Mr
 Yasser: 1% 

 Registered
 Charges 
 None 

 Exhibit B - Page 1 

 Gulf
 Energy Services LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/South Alkhuwair 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 3
 October 2011 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1122218 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 OMR
 150,000 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 99% 
 
 Mr
 Yasser: 1% 

 Registered
 Charges 
 None 
 
 Branches 
 GES
 Oman has branches in Algeria, KSA, Kuwait and Yemen. 

 Intelligent
 Drilling Services LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/Al Qurm 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 13
 January 2007 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1011333 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 OMR
 150,000 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 99% 
 
 Mr
 Yasser: 1% 

 Registered
 Charges 
 Registered
 mortgage charge in favour of Muscat Bank (for a value of OMR 6 million (approx. USD 17 million) expiring 3 April 2021 and
 OMR 21 million (approx. USD 57 million) expiring 17 November 2017). 

 Integrated
 Petroleum Services Company LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/South Alkhuwair 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 1
 October 1996 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1539671 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 250,000
 Omani Rial 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 97% 
 
 Abdulhameed
 Al Hamdani: 3% 

 Registered
 Charges 
 Registered
 mortgage charge in favour of Muscat Bank (for a value of OMR 6 million (approx. USD 18 million) expiring 17 November 2019
 and OMR 21.6 million (approx. USD 56 million) expired 6 September 2016). 

 Exhibit B - Page 2 

 Midwest
 Oilfield Services LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/Ghala Al Sanaiah 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 10
 July 2001 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1677586 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 250,000
 Omani Riyal 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 99% 
 
 Intelligent
 Drilling Services LLC: 1% 

 Registered
 Charges 
 Registered
 mortgage charge in favour of Bank Dhofar (for a value of OMR 3.9 million (approx. USD 10 million)). Expiry date of the
 charge is 16 September 2019. 

 Sino
 Gulf Energy Enterprises LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/Bawshar 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 21
 September 2005 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1805061 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 1,200,000
 Omani Rial 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 51% 
 
 IFC:
 44% 
 
 China
 Petroleum & Development Corporation: 5% 

 Registered
 Charges 
 Registered
 mortgage charge in favour of Muscat Bank (for a value of OMR 18 million (approx. USD 47 million)). The charge has expired
 but still appears on CR of company. We have requested, but not yet received, confirmation as to why the charge is still registered. 

 Tamkeen
 Fracking LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Ghala/Boucher/Muscat 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 7
 March 2012 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1138641 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 OMR
 150,000 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 99% 
 
 Mr
 Yasser: 1% 

 Registered
 Charges 
 Registered
 mortgage charge in favour of Muscat Bank (for a value of OMR 4.9 million (approx. USD 13 million) expiring 19 November 2019
 and OMR 4.9 million (approx. USD 13 million) expiring in March 2021)). 

 Exhibit B - Page 3 

 Tasneea
 Oil and Gas Technology LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Ghala
 Al Sanaiah/Bousher/Muscat 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 15
 January 2012 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1133224 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 OMR
 150,000 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 20% 
 
 Mubadarah
 Investment: 79% 
 
 Mr
 Hilal: 1% 

 Registered
 Charges 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 

 Well
 Maintenance Services LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/South Alkhuwair 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 1
 March 2011 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1103680 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 150,000
 Omani Rial 
 
 Shareholders
 
 GES:
 99% 
 
 WSS:
 1% 

 Registered
 Charges 
 Registered
 mortgage charge in favour of National Finance Company (for a value of OMR 1.1 million (approx. USD 2.9 million)). The
 charge has expired however still appears on CR of company. We have requested, but not yet received, confirmation as to why
 the charge is still registered. 

 Well
 Solutions Services LLC 
 
 Entity
 Type 
 Omani
 Limited Liability Company 
 
 Location 
 Muscat
 Governorate/Bawshar/South Alkhuwair 
 
 Incorporation
 Date 
 12
 December 2010 
 
 Registration
 Number 
 1098989 
 
 Share
 Capital 
 150,000
 Omani Rial 
 
 Shareholders 
 GES:
 99% 
 
 IDS:
 1% 

 Registered
 Charges 
 Registered
 mortgage charge in favour NBO (for value of OMR 21.9 million (approx. USD 57 million)). Expiry date of charge 17 November
 2017. 

 Exhibit B - Page 4 

 ANNEX
D 

 SHARES
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT 

 SHARES
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT 

 This
Shares Exchange Agreement (" Agreement ") is entered into on November 12, 2017 (" Effective Date ")
between NESR Holdings, a corporation formed under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (" NESRH ") and National
Energy Services Reunited Corp, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with its registered address at 171 Main Street,
Road Town, Tortola, VB1110, British Virgin Islands (" NESR Corp ") (each of NESRH and NESR Corp to be referenced
hereafter as " Party " or collectively as " Parties ") 

 WHEREAS ,
NESRH has entered into agreements for the purpose of purchasing of ordinary stock in Gulf Energy S.A.O.C, a closed joint stock
company registered in Oman under Commercial Registration No. 1791842, with its registered office address as P.O. Box 786, Postal
Code 116, Mina Al Fahal, Oman (" Company "); 

 WHEREAS ,
NESRH agreed with Company to pay USD $16,791,875 to acquire 33,500 shares in Company, representing 6.7% of the outstanding stock; 

 WHEREAS ,
NESRH agreed with the National Bank of Oman to pay USD $12,500,000 and additional fees for expenses to acquire 25,000 shares in
Company owned by the bank, representing 5% of the outstanding stock; 

 WHEREAS ,
NESRH borrowed funds pursuant to loan agreements with several private equity parties (" Loan Contracts ") to
finance the purchase of the 58,500 shares in the Company. 

 NOW
THEREFORE , for good and valuable consideration, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

 1. Assignment
and Transfer of Shares . Subject to approval by the NESR Corp shareholders, on the date to be designated by NESR Corp within
one year of the signing of this Agreement (" Closing Date "), NESRH shall assign to NESR Corp all rights that
it has in the Fifty-Eight Thousand Five Hundred (58,500) shares of stock in the Company (" Company Shares "),
including (i) any contractual rights to purchase such shares and (2) all legal and beneficial title of ownership together with
all legal and beneficial rights and benefits attached or accruing to them as of the Closing Date. 

 2. 
 Assumption of Obligations . 

 2.1 On
the Closing Date, NESRH shall assign to NESR Corp each of the Loan Contracts referenced on Exhibit A , and NESR Corp shall
assume all obligations that NESRH may have pursuant to the terms of the Loan Contracts. NESR Corp shall assume the repayment obligations
of NESRH under such Loan Contracts according to the terms contained therein, all of which permit, with consent of each respective
lender, assignment of NESR Corp shares of ordinary stock at a valuation of $10.00 per share for the repayment of principal, and
in some cases, certain interest amounts. NESR Corp also assumes the obligations of NESRH for any costs or expenses required to
be paid under the Loan Contracts by NESRH as borrower. NESRH shall deliver a copy of all Loan Contracts to NESR Corp upon the
execution of this Agreement. 

 2.2 
 On the Closing Date, NESRH shall assign to NESR Corp all of its rights to receive full legal and beneficial
title to all of the Company Shares. If any number of Company Shares have not been purchased by the Closing Date, NESRH shall at
that time assign its contractual rights to acquire such number of Company Shares. 

 3. Taxes .
The Parties hereby agree and acknowledge that any taxes and transfer costs attributable to NESRH on the transfer of Company Shares
as contemplated by this Agreement shall be assumed by NESR Corp. 

 4. Undertaking,
Representations and Warranties. 

 (a) 
 Each
 Party represents and warrants to the other Party that each of the following statements (" Warranties ") is
 true, accurate and not misleading as of the Effective Date and represents and warrants that they will be true, accurate and
 not misleading at the NESR Closing Date as if repeated immediately prior to the Closing Date: 

 i) 
 it
 is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the country of its incorporation and is duly qualified
 to do business as a foreign corporation in every jurisdiction in which it is required to qualify in order to conduct its business
 except where the failure to so qualify would not have a material adverse effect on the Party or its properties; 

 ii) 
 it
 is duly qualified to do business and perform the transactions contemplated under this Agreement and any agreement referenced
 therein; 

 iii) 
 it
 has the complete, exclusive and unrestricted right, power and authority to enter into, execute and perform this Agreement
 and any documents and agreement referenced in or required by this Agreement, and this Agreement shall, following its execution,
 constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party; and 

 iv) 
 it
 has the complete, exclusive and unrestricted right, power and authority to take any action and to enter into and execute any
 documents, applications, forms or agreements required by the terms herein. 

 (b) 
 NESRH
 warrants that as of the Closing Date, it is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Company Shares or has a contractual
 right to acquire the full legal and beneficial title to the Company Shares and is entitled to transfer all of its rights in
 the Company Shares on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in this Agreement without the consent or approval of
 any person, except as required by any pledge agreement for the benefit of the lender to satisfy the terms of any respective
 Loan Contract pending satisfaction of the debt. If any lender rejects the terms to receive NESR Corp shares in satisfaction
 of its Loan Contract, NESR Corp may choose to satisfy the debt by transfer of other agreed consideration, which may be cash,
 to effect the release of such lien on the respective Company Shares, or transfer of the Company Shares to the lender. 

 (c) 
 NESRH
 and NESR Corp shall execute, perform and do (or procure to be executed, performed and done by third parties as necessary)
 all such deeds, documents, procedures, acts and things as are necessary for such Party to ensure that all Warranties made
 by such Party in this Agreement are satisfied. 

 (d) 
 Each
 Party shall immediately (and in any event before the Closing Date) notify the other Party in writing of anything of which
 the notifying Party is or becomes aware which renders or is likely to render any of its Warranties untrue, inaccurate or misleading. 

 5.
 Costs and Expenses. The costs and expenses incurred by the Parties in relation to the preparation and consummation of this
Agreement, including but not limited to respective attorneys' fees in connection thereto, shall be borne by NESR Corp. 

 6.
 Transferee Rights . If the shareholders of NESR Corp approve the terms of this Agreement to acquire Company Shares, NESR
Corp substitutes for NESRH as an assignee of the Loan Contracts and any remaining contractual rights to purchase the Company Shares
and only obtains such warranties as available to NESRH. NESR Corp indemnifies, defends and holds NESRH harmless from any claims
brought by any entity against NESRH with respect to the Company Shares or the Loan Contracts and releases NESRH from all liabilities
to NESR Corp upon Closing Date. 

 7.
 Amendment to the Agreement . This Agreement may be amended, waived or modified only by an instrument in writing signed by
each of the Parties hereto. 

 8.
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts. A Party may enter into this Agreement by executing
a counterpart, but this Agreement shall not be effective until each Party has executed at least one counterpart. Each counterpart
shall constitute an original of this Agreement but all the counterparts together constitute the same instrument. 

 9.
 Remedies and Waivers . No breach by either Party of any provision of this Agreement shall be waived or discharged except
with the express written consent of the other Party. No failure or delay by a Party in exercising any right, power or privilege
under this Agreement or at law shall operate as a waiver of that right, power or privilege and no single or partial exercise by
a Party of any right, power or privilege shall preclude any further exercise of that right, power or privilege or the exercise
of any other right, power or privilege of such Party under this Agreement or any applicable laws. The rights, benefits and remedies
provided in this Agreement are cumulative. 

 10.
 Termination . This Agreement may be terminated by NESRH or NESR Corp only if the shareholders of NESR Corp do not approve
the consummation of the acquisition of the Company. In that event, except for the provisions specifically provided for in the
Agreement that shall survive termination, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no further liability on
the part of any Party for such termination. 

 11.
 Invalidity . The invalidity, and legality, are unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the
validity, the legality, or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. 

 12.
 Governing Law and Jurisdiction . Texas law shall apply to construe and interpret the terms of this Agreement. In the event
of any dispute or failure to perform by either Party, the Parties agree to submit any dispute to the courts of Harris County Texas
for resolution, and each Party hereby agrees to and submits to any court with proper jurisdiction in Harris County Texas. Because
damages may not an adequate remedy for failure to perform, the Parties agree that either may seek injunctive relief for enforcement
of the provision or this Agreement in the courts of Harris County or any court of competent jurisdiction. The Parties agree that
no bond shall be required by the Party seeking injunctive relief. 

 Signed
and agreed by the Parties or their duly authorized representatives as of the date written above on the first page. 

 NESR
 HOLDINGS Ltd. 

 By: 

 Printed
 Name: 

 Title: 

 NATIONAL
 ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. 

 By: 

 Printed
 Name: 

 Title: 

 4 

 EXHIBIT
A 

 LOAN
CONTRACTS 

 DATE
 OF CONTRACT 
 
 LENDER
 NAME 
 
 AMOUNT
 OF 
 LOAN 
 
 USD 

 NUMBER
 OF GES SHARES PURCHASED WITH LOAN 

 Nov
 5, 2017 
 
 Unaffiliated
 investor 
 
 $ 
 14,250,000 

 28,500 

 Oct
 20, 2017 
 
 Unaffiliated
 investor 
 
 $ 
 2,500,000 

 5,000 

 Oct
 5, 2017 
 
 Unaffiliated
 investor 
 
 $ 
 8,900,000 

 17,800 

 Sept
 21, 2017 
 
 Antonio
 Jose Campo Mejia 
 
 $ 
 1,200,000 

 2,400 

 Sept
 21, 2017 
 
 Unaffiliated
 investor 
 
 $ 
 300,000 

 600 

 Sept
 21, 2017 
 
 Unaffiliated
 investor 
 
 $ 
 200,000 

 400 

 Sept
 21, 2017 
 
 Unaffiliated
 investor 
 
 $ 
 1,000,000 

 2,000 

 Sept
 21, 2017 
 
 Unaffiliated
 investor 
 
 $ 
 150,000 

 300 

 Sept
 21, 2017 
 
 Round
 Up Resource Service, Inc. 
 
 $ 
 500,000 

 1,000 

 Sept
 21, 2017 
 
 Unaffiliated
 investor 
 
 $ 
 100,000 

 200 

 Sept
 21, 2017 
 
 Unaffiliated
 investor 
 
 $ 
 150,000 

 300 

 Total 

 $ 
 29,250,000 

 58,500 

 5 

 ANNEX
E 

 OPINION
OF J.P. MORGAN 

 LETTERHEAD
OF J.P, MORGAN 

 November
12, 2017 

 The
Board of Directors 

 National
Energy Services Reunited Corp. 

 777
Post Oak Boulevard, 7th Floor 

 Houston,
Texas 77056 

 Members
of the Board of Directors: 

 You
have requested our opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to National Energy Services Reunited Corp., a corporation
existing under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (the "Company"), of the consideration to be paid by the Company
in the proposed Transactions (as defined below) relating to acquisitions of each of NPS Holdings Limited, a company limited by
shares existing under the laws of the Dubai International Financial Centre ("NPS"), and Gulf Energy S.A.O.C., a closed
joint stock company registered in Oman ("Gulf Energy" and together with NPS, each individually a "Target Company"
and collectively the "Target Companies"). 

 Pursuant
to the Stock Purchase Agreement (the "NPS Purchase Agreement") among the Company, Hana Investments Co. WLL ("Olayan"),
NPS and the stockholders of NPS listed on the signature pages thereof as such (the "NPS Selling Stockholders"), the
following will occur (collectively, the "NPS Transaction"): 

 &#9679; 
 the
 NPS Selling Stockholders will sell to the Company, directly or indirectly by the sale to Olayan and subsequent contribution
 by Olayan to the Company, all of the outstanding capital stock of NPS; and 

 &#9679; 
 the
 Company will pay to the NPS Selling Stockholders and/or Olayan consideration consisting of (i) an aggregate amount of cash
 equal to US$442,790,940 plus a cash earn-out of US$7,572,444 (assuming all conditions to achieving the earnout contemplated
 by the NPS Purchase Agreement are met) less US$150,000,000 to be paid directly by Olayan to the NPS Selling Stockholders (in
 the aggregate, the "NPS Cash Consideration") paid to the NPS Selling Stockholders, (ii) an aggregate of 11,318,827
 shares of the Company's ordinary shares (the "Company Ordinary Shares") plus 3,343,408 shares of the Company
 Ordinary Shares (assuming all conditions to achieving the earnout on the stock consideration contemplated by the NPS Purchase
 Agreement are met) (the "NPS Selling Stockholder Stock Consideration") to be issued to the NPS Selling Stockholders,
 and (iii) an aggregate number of shares of Company Ordinary Shares calculated pursuant to a formula contained in the NPS Purchase
 Agreement, which would be equal to the US$150,000,000 to be paid by Olayan directly to the NPS Selling Stockholders divided
 by US$11.244 (the "Olayan Stock Consideration" and together with the NPS Selling Stockholder Stock Consideration,
 the "NPS Stock Consideration"; the NPS Stock Consideration and the NPS Cash Consideration are referred to as the
 "NPS Consideration") to be issued to Olayan. 

 - 2 - 

 We
also understand that the NPS Consideration will be subject to adjustment as provided in the NPS Purchase Agreement based on the
amount of NPS's Leakage as set forth in the NPS Purchase Agreement (the "NPS Adjustment"), including after giving
effect to certain transfers of receivables and pre-closing dividends (which may be increased at a daily rate as provided for in
the NPS Purchase Agreement). We further understand that the NPS Consideration will include certain earn-out payments to be made
to the NPS Selling Stockholders (the "NPS Earn-Out Payments"), including those as referenced above. 

 Pursuant
to the Stock Purchase Agreement (the "Gulf Energy Purchase Agreement") among Mubadarah Investments LLC, Hilal Al Busaidy
and Yasser Said Al Barami (collectively the "Gulf Energy Sellers") and the Company, the Contribution Agreement (the
"Gulf Energy Contribution Agreement") between SV3 Holdings Pte Ltd. ("SV3") and the Company and the Shares
Exchange Agreement (the "Gulf Energy Exchange Agreement" and together with the Gulf Energy Purchase Agreement and
the Gulf Energy Contribution Agreement, the "Gulf Energy Agreements") between NESR Holdings Ltd. ("Holdings")
and the Company, the following will occur (collectively, the "Gulf Energy Transaction"): 

 &#9679; 
 the
 Gulf Energy Sellers, SV3 and Holdings will sell and/or contribute to the Company, directly or indirectly, all of the outstanding
 capital stock of Gulf Energy; and 

 &#9679; 
 the
 Company will pay to the Gulf Energy Sellers, SV3 and Holdings consideration consisting of (i) an aggregate number of shares
 of Company Ordinary Shares calculated pursuant to a formula contained in the Gulf Energy Purchase Agreement, which would be
 equal to US$184,848,485 divided by US$10.00 (the "Gulf Energy Purchase Stock Consideration") issued to the Gulf
 Energy Sellers under the Gulf Energy Purchase Agreement, (ii) an aggregate number of shares of Company Ordinary Shares calculated
 pursuant to a formula contained in the Gulf Energy Contribution Agreement, which would be equal to the amount paid by SV3
 to acquire the shares of Gulf Energy contributed under the Gulf Energy Contribution Agreement divided by US$10.00 (the "Gulf
 Energy Contribution Stock Consideration") issued to SV3 under the Gulf Energy Contribution Agreement and (iii) the assumption
 by the Company of loan obligations of Holdings in a principal amount of $29,250,000 (the "Holdings Loans"), which
 loan obligations will be settled by the Company by the issuance of an aggregate number of shares of Company Ordinary Shares
 equal to the amounts payable under the Holdings Loans divided by US$10.00 (the "Gulf Energy Exchange Stock Consideration"
 and together with the Gulf Energy Purchase Stock Consideration and the Gulf Energy Contribution Stock Consideration, the "Gulf
 Energy Stock Consideration" or the "Gulf Energy Consideration") to the applicable lenders under the Holdings
 Loans. 

 - 3 - 

 We
also understand that the Gulf Energy Consideration will be subject to adjustment as provided in the Gulf Energy Purchase Agreement
based on the amount of the Group Net Debt and Completion Leakage (in each case as defined in the Gulf Energy Purchase Agreement)
as set forth in the Gulf Energy Purchase Agreement (the "Gulf Energy Adjustment"). We further understand that the
Gulf Energy Consideration will include certain annual payments to be made to certain of the Gulf Energy Sellers (the "Gulf
Energy Founder Payments"). 

 We
refer to the NPS Transaction and the Gulf Energy Transaction collectively as the "Transactions". We refer to the NPS
Consideration and the Gulf Energy Consideration collectively as the "Consideration". 

 In
connection with preparing our opinion, we have (i) reviewed a draft dated November 11, 2017 of the NPS Purchase Agreement; (ii)
reviewed a draft of the Gulf Energy Purchase Agreement delivered on November 9, 2017; (iii) reviewed a draft dated November 10,
2017 of the Gulf Energy Contribution Agreement; (iv) reviewed a draft dated November 10, 2017 of the Gulf Energy Exchange Agreement;
(v) reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information concerning the Target Companies and the Company and
the industries in which they operate; (vi) compared the proposed financial terms of the Transactions with the publicly available
financial terms of certain transactions involving companies we deemed relevant and the consideration received for such companies;
(vii) compared the financial and operating performance of the Target Companies with publicly available information concerning
certain other companies we deemed relevant; (viii) reviewed certain internal financial analyses and forecasts prepared by the
management of the Company relating to the Target Companies, as well as the estimated amount and timing of the cost savings and
related expenses and synergies expected to result from the Transactions (the "Synergies"); and (ix) performed such
other financial studies and analyses and considered such other information as we deemed appropriate for the purposes of this opinion. 

 In
addition, we have held discussions with certain members of the management of each of the Target Companies and the Company with
respect to certain aspects of the Transactions, and the past and current business operations of the Target Companies and the Company,
the financial condition and future prospects and operations of the Target Companies and the Company, the effects of the Transactions
on the financial condition and future prospects of the Target Companies and the Company, and certain other matters we believed
necessary or appropriate to our inquiry. 

 - 4 - 

 In
giving our opinion, we have relied upon and assumed the accuracy and completeness of all information that was publicly available
or was furnished to or discussed with us by each of the Target Companies and the Company or otherwise reviewed by or for us. We
have not independently verified any such information or its accuracy or completeness and, pursuant to our engagement letter with
the Company, we did not assume any obligation to undertake any such independent verification. We have not conducted or been provided
with any valuation or appraisal of any assets or liabilities, nor have we evaluated the solvency of either of the Target Companies
or the Company or any other party under any state or federal laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or similar matters. In relying
on financial analyses and forecasts provided to us or derived therefrom, including the Synergies, we have assumed that they have
been reasonably prepared based on assumptions reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments by management as
to the expected future results of operations and financial condition of the Target Companies to which such analyses or forecasts
relate. We express no view as to such analyses or forecasts (including the Synergies) or the assumptions on which they were based.
We have also assumed that the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated by the NPS Purchase Agreement and the Gulf
Energy Agreements (collectively, the "Agreements") will have the tax consequences described in discussions with, and
materials furnished to us by, representatives of the Company and will be consummated as described in the Agreements, and that
the definitive Agreements will not differ in any material respects from the drafts thereof furnished to us. With your consent,
we have assumed that the NPS Transaction and the Gulf Energy Transaction will be consummated on a substantially concurrent basis
and only if both Transactions will be consummated, and as a result we have evaluated the Consideration in the aggregate and not
either the NPS Consideration or the Gulf Energy Consideration independently or the allocation of any portion of the Consideration
to be paid to any securityholder of either Target Company. We have also assumed that the representations and warranties made by
the Company, the NPS Selling Stockholders, Olayan, the Gulf Energy Sellers, SV3 and Holdings and all other parties to any of the
Agreements in the Agreements and the related agreements are and will be true and correct in all respects material to our analysis
and that no losses for which a party may be required to provide indemnification will be incurred, and that, except as based on
the estimates as provided by the Company for purposes of our opinion or as noted herein, the NPS Adjustment and the Gulf Energy
Adjustment will not result in any adjustment to the Consideration that is material to our analysis. We are not legal, regulatory
or tax experts and have relied on the assessments made by advisors to the Company with respect to such issues. We have further
assumed that all material governmental, regulatory or other consents and approvals necessary for the consummation of the Transactions
will be obtained without any adverse effect on the Target Companies, individually or in aggregate, or the Company or on the contemplated
benefits of the Transactions. 

 - 5 - 

 In
rendering our opinion, we have made assumptions for purposes of evaluating the Consideration, including the following assumptions.
For all purposes of our opinion, we have assumed that the shares of Company Ordinary Shares to be issued as consideration in the
Transactions have a value equal to US$10.00 per share. We have assumed that the Holdings Loans may and will be settled by the
Company in shares of Company Ordinary Shares with principal amount and interest computed based on the estimates provided by the
Company and that any cash interest paid in lieu would not be material to our opinion. Upon the direction of management of the
Company, we have relied on the estimates of the Company for the amounts required to be paid by the Company for the NPS Earn-Out
Payments. We have assumed increases to the NPS Consideration based on the daily amount if the NPS Transaction shall have not been
consummated by December 31, 2017 based on the estimates provided by the Company. Upon the direction of management of the Company,
we have not assumed any value of the Gulf Energy Founder Payments, which we understand are already included in the forecasts provided
to us. 

 Our
opinion is necessarily based on economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to us
as of, the date hereof. It should be understood that subsequent developments may affect this opinion and that we do not have any
obligation to update, revise, or reaffirm this opinion. Our opinion is limited to the fairness, from a financial point of view,
of the Consideration to be paid by the Company in the proposed Transactions and we express no opinion as to the fairness of the
Consideration to the holders of any class of securities, creditors or other constituencies of the Company or as to the underlying
decision by the Company to engage in the Transactions. Furthermore, we express no opinion with respect to the amount or nature
of any compensation to any officers, directors, or employees of any party to the Transactions, or any class of such persons relative
to the Consideration to be paid by the Company in the Transactions or with respect to the fairness of any such compensation .
 We are expressing no opinion herein as to the price at which the Company Ordinary Shares will trade at any future time. 

 We
have acted as financial advisor to the Company with respect to the proposed Transaction and will receive a fee from the Company
for our services, a substantial portion of which will become payable only if the proposed Transactions are consummated. In addition,
the Company has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities arising out of our engagement. Please be advised that during the
two years preceding the date of this letter, neither we nor our affiliates have had any other material financial advisory or other
material commercial or investment banking relationships with the Company or the Target Companies. In addition, we and our affiliates
hold, on a proprietary basis, less than 1% of the outstanding common stock of each of the Company or the Target Companies. In
the ordinary course of our businesses, we and our affiliates may actively trade the debt and equity securities or financial instruments
(including derivatives, bank loans or other obligations) of the Company or the Target Companies for our own account or for the
accounts of customers and, accordingly, we may at any time hold long or short positions in such securities or other financial
instruments. 

 - 6 - 

 On
the basis of and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion as of the date hereof that the Consideration to be paid by the Company
in the proposed Transactions is fair, from a financial point of view, to the Company. 

 The
issuance of this opinion has been approved by a fairness opinion committee of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. This letter is provided
to the Board of Directors of the Company (in its capacity as such) in connection with and for the purposes of its evaluation of
the Transactions. This opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder of the Company as to how such shareholder
should vote with respect to the Transaction or any other matter. This opinion may not be disclosed, referred to, or communicated
(in whole or in part) to any third party for any purpose whatsoever except with our prior written approval. This opinion may be
reproduced in full in any proxy or information statement mailed to shareholders of the Company but may not otherwise be disclosed
publicly in any manner without our prior written approval. 

 Very
truly yours, 

 J.P.
MORGAN SECURITIES LLC 

 J.P.
Morgan Securities LLC 

 ANNEX
F 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. 2018 LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 

 ANNEX
: LTIP 

 NATIONAL
ENERGY SERVICES REUNITED CORP. 
 
 2018 LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 

 ARTICLE
I. 
 
 PURPOSE 

 The
Plan's purpose is to enhance the Company's ability to attract, retain and motivate persons who make (or are expected
to make) important contributions to the Company by providing these individuals with equity ownership opportunities. Capitalized
terms used in the Plan are defined in Article XI. 

 ARTICLE
II. 

 ELIGIBILITY 

 Service
Providers are eligible to be granted Awards under the Plan, subject to the limitations described herein. 

 ARTICLE
III. 
 
 ADMINISTRATION AND DELEGATION 

 3.1
 Administration. The Plan is administered by the Administrator. The Administrator has authority to determine which Service
Providers receive Awards, grant Awards and set Award terms and conditions, subject to the conditions and limitations in the Plan.
The Administrator also has the authority to take all actions and make all determinations under the Plan, to interpret the Plan
and Award Agreements and to adopt, amend and repeal Plan administrative rules, guidelines and practices as it deems advisable.
The Administrator may correct defects and ambiguities, supply omissions and reconcile inconsistencies in the Plan or any Award
as it deems necessary or appropriate to administer the Plan and any Awards. The Administrator's determinations under the
Plan are in its sole discretion and will be final and binding on all persons having or claiming any interest in the Plan or any
Award. 

 3.2
 Appointment of Committees. To the extent Applicable Laws permit, the Board may delegate any or all of its powers under
the Plan to one or more Committees or officers of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Board may abolish any Committee
or re-vest in itself any previously delegated authority at any time. 

 ARTICLE
IV. 
 
 STOCK AVAILABLE FOR AWARDS 

 4.1
 Number of Shares. Subject to adjustment under Article VIII and the terms of this Article IV, Awards may be made under the
Plan covering up to the Overall Share Limit. 

 4.2
 Share Recycling. If all or any part of an Award expires, lapses or is terminated, exchanged for cash, surrendered, repurchased,
canceled without having been fully exercised or forfeited, in any case, in a manner that results in the Company acquiring Shares
covered by the Award at a price not greater than the price (as adjusted to reflect any Equity Restructuring) paid by the Participant
for such Shares or not issuing any Shares covered by the Award, the unused Shares covered by the Award will again be available
for Award grants under the Plan. Further, Shares delivered (either by actual delivery or attestation) to the Company by a Participant
to satisfy the applicable purchase price and/or to satisfy any applicable tax withholding obligation with respect to an Award
other than an Option or Stock Appreciation Right (including Shares retained by the Company from the Award being purchased and/or
creating the tax obligation) will again be available for Award grants under the Plan. The payment of Dividend Equivalents in cash
in conjunction with any outstanding Awards shall not count against the Overall Share Limit. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, the following Shares shall not be added to the Shares authorized for grant under Section 4.1 and shall not be
available for future grants of Awards: (i) Shares tendered by the Participant or withheld by the Company in payment of the exercise
price of an Option; (ii) Shares tendered by the Participant or withheld by the Company to satisfy any tax withholding obligation
with respect to an Award that is an Option or Stock Appreciation Right; (iii) Shares subject to a Stock Appreciation Right that
are not issued in connection with the stock settlement of the Stock Appreciation Right on exercise thereof; and (iv) Shares purchased
on the open market with the cash proceeds from the exercise of Options. 

 4.3
 Incentive Stock Option Limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no more than 5,000,000 Shares may
be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options. 

 4.4
 Substitute Awards. In connection with an entity's merger or consolidation with the Company or any Subsidiary or the
Company's or any Subsidiary's acquisition of an entity's property or stock, the Administrator may grant Awards
in substitution for any options or other stock or stock-based awards granted before such merger or consolidation by such entity
or its affiliate. Substitute Awards may be granted on such terms as the Administrator deems appropriate, notwithstanding limitations
on Awards in the Plan. Substitute Awards will not count against the Overall Share Limit (nor shall Shares subject to a Substitute
Award be added to the Shares available for Awards under the Plan as provided above), except that Shares acquired by exercise of
substitute Incentive Stock Options will count against the maximum number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise
of Incentive Stock Options under the Plan. Additionally, in the event that a company acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary
or with which the Company or any Subsidiary combines has shares available under a pre-existing plan approved by stockholders and
not adopted in contemplation of such acquisition or combination, the shares available for grant pursuant to the terms of such
pre-existing plan (as adjusted, to the extent appropriate, using the exchange ratio or other adjustment or valuation ratio or
formula used in such acquisition or combination to determine the consideration payable to the holders of common stock of the entities
party to such acquisition or combination) may be used for Awards under the Plan and shall not reduce the Shares authorized for
grant under the Plan (and Shares subject to such Awards shall not be added to the Shares available for Awards under the Plan as
provided above); provided that Awards using such available shares shall not be made after the date awards or grants could have
been made under the terms of the pre-existing plan, absent the acquisition or combination, and shall only be made to individuals
who were not Employees or Directors prior to such acquisition or combination. 

 4.5
 Non-Employee Director Compensation. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Plan, the Administrator may establish
compensation for non-employee Directors from time to time, subject to the limitations in the Plan. The Administrator will from
time to time determine the terms, conditions and amounts of all such non-employee Director compensation in its discretion and
pursuant to the exercise of its business judgment, taking into account such factors, circumstances and considerations as it shall
deem relevant from time to time, provided that the sum of any cash compensation, or other compensation, and the value (determined
as of the grant date in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, or any
successor thereto) of Awards granted to a non-employee Director as compensation for services as a non-employee Director during
any fiscal year of the Company may not exceed $200,000. The Administrator may make exceptions to this limit for individual non-employee
Directors in extraordinary circumstances, as the Administrator may determine in its discretion, provided that the non-employee
Director receiving such additional compensation may not participate in the decision to award such compensation or in other contemporaneous
compensation decisions involving non-employee Directors. 

 ARTICLE
V. 

 STOCK OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 

 5.1
 General. The Administrator may grant Options or Stock Appreciation Rights to Service Providers subject to the limitations
in the Plan, including any limitations in the Plan that apply to Incentive Stock Options. The Administrator will determine the
number of Shares covered by each Option and Stock Appreciation Right, the exercise price of each Option and Stock Appreciation
Right and the conditions and limitations applicable to the exercise of each Option and Stock Appreciation Right. A Stock Appreciation
Right will entitle the Participant (or other person entitled to exercise the Stock Appreciation Right) to receive from the Company
upon exercise of the exercisable portion of the Stock Appreciation Right an amount determined by multiplying the excess, if any,
of the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price per Share of the Stock Appreciation Right
by the number of Shares with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised, subject to any limitations of the Plan
or that the Administrator may impose and payable in cash, Shares valued at Fair Market Value or a combination of the two as the
Administrator may determine or provide in the Award Agreement. 

 5.2
 Exercise Price. The Administrator will establish each Option's and Stock Appreciation Right's exercise price
and specify the exercise price in the Award Agreement. The exercise price will not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value
on the grant date of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if on the last day of the term of
an Option or Stock Appreciation Right the Fair Market Value of one Share exceeds the applicable exercise or base price per Share,
the Participant has not exercised the Option or Stock Appreciation Right and remains employed by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries
and the Option or Stock Appreciation Right has not expired, the Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be deemed to have been
exercised by the Participant on such day with payment made by withholding Shares otherwise issuable in connection with its exercise.
In such event, the Company shall deliver to the Participant the number of Shares for which the Option or Stock Appreciation Right
was deemed exercised, less the number of Shares required to be withheld for the payment of the total purchase price and required
withholding taxes; provided, however, any fractional Share shall be settled in cash. 

 5.3
 Duration. Each Option or Stock Appreciation Right will be exercisable at such times and as specified in the Award Agreement,
provided that the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right will not exceed ten years. Notwithstanding the foregoing and unless
determined otherwise by the Company, in the event that on the last business day of the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation
Right (other than an Incentive Stock Option) (i) the exercise of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right is prohibited by Applicable
Law, as determined by the Company, or (ii) Shares may not be purchased or sold by the applicable Participant due to any Company
insider trading policy (including blackout periods) or a "lock-up" agreement undertaken in connection with an issuance
of securities by the Company, the term of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be extended until the date that is thirty
(30) days after the end of the legal prohibition, black-out period or lock-up agreement, as determined by the Company; provided,
however, in no event shall the extension last beyond the ten year term of the applicable Option or Stock Appreciation Right. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Participant, prior to the end of the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right, violates the non-competition,
non-solicitation, confidentiality or other similar restrictive covenant provisions of any employment contract, confidentiality
and nondisclosure agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the right of
the Participant and the Participant's transferees to exercise any Option or Stock Appreciation Right issued to the Participant
shall terminate immediately upon such violation, unless the Company otherwise determines. In addition, if, prior to the end of
the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right, the Participant is given notice by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of
the Participant's Termination of Service by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for Cause, and the effective date of
such Termination of Service is subsequent to the date of the delivery of such notice, the right of the Participant and the Participant's
transferees to exercise any Option or Stock Appreciation Right issued to the Participant shall be suspended from the time of the
delivery of such notice until the earlier of (i) such time as it is determined or otherwise agreed that the Participant's
service as a Service Provider will not be terminated for Cause as provided in such notice or (ii) the effective date of the Participant's
Termination of Service by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for Cause (in which case the right of the Participant and the
Participant's transferees to exercise any Option or Stock Appreciation Right issued to the Participant will terminate immediately
upon the effective date of such Termination of Service). 

 5.4
 Exercise. Options and Stock Appreciation Rights may be exercised by delivering to the Company a written notice of exercise,
in a form the Administrator approves (which may be electronic), signed by the person authorized to exercise the Option or Stock
Appreciation Right, together with, as applicable, payment in full (i) as specified in Section 5.5 for the number of Shares for
which the Award is exercised and (ii) as specified in Section 9.5 for any applicable taxes. Unless the Administrator otherwise
determines, an Option or Stock Appreciation Right may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. 

 5.5
 Payment Upon Exercise. Subject to Section 10.8, any Company insider trading policy (including blackout periods) and Applicable
Laws, the exercise price of an Option must be paid by: 

 (a)
cash, wire transfer of immediately available funds or by check payable to the order of the Company, provided that the Company
may limit the use of one of the foregoing payment forms if one or more of the payment forms below is permitted; 

 (b)
if there is a public market for Shares at the time of exercise, unless the Company otherwise determines, (A) delivery (including
telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a broker acceptable
to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to pay the exercise price, or (B) the Participant's delivery
to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly
to the Company cash or a check sufficient to pay the exercise price; provided that such amount is paid to the Company at such
time as may be required by the Administrator; 

 (c)
to the extent permitted by the Administrator, delivery (either by actual delivery or attestation) of Shares owned by the Participant
valued at their Fair Market Value; 

 (d)
to the extent permitted by the Administrator, surrendering Shares then issuable upon the Option's exercise valued at their
Fair Market Value on the exercise date; 

 (e)
to the extent permitted by the Administrator, delivery of a promissory note or any other property that the Administrator determines
is good and valuable consideration; or 

 (f)
to the extent permitted by the Company, any combination of the above payment forms approved by the Administrator. 

 ARTICLE
VI. 

 RESTRICTED STOCK; RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 

 6.1
 General. The Administrator may grant Restricted Stock, or the right to purchase Restricted Stock, to any Service Provider,
subject to the Company's right to repurchase all or part of such shares at their issue price or other stated or formula
price from the Participant (or to require forfeiture of such shares) if conditions the Administrator specifies in the Award Agreement
are not satisfied before the end of the applicable restriction period or periods that the Administrator establishes for such Award.
In addition, the Administrator may grant to Service Providers Restricted Stock Units, which may be subject to vesting and forfeiture
conditions during the applicable restriction period or periods, as set forth in an Award Agreement. The Administrator will determine
and set forth in the Award Agreement the terms and conditions for each Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Award, subject
to the conditions and limitations contained in the Plan. 

 6.2
Restricted Stock . 

 (a)
 Dividends. Participants holding shares of Restricted Stock will be entitled to all ordinary cash dividends paid with respect
to such Shares, unless the Administrator provides otherwise in the Award Agreement. In addition, unless the Administrator provides
otherwise, if any dividends or distributions are paid in Shares, or consist of a dividend or distribution to holders of Common
Stock of property other than an ordinary cash dividend, the Shares or other property will be subject to the same restrictions
on transferability and forfeitability as the shares of Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid. In addition, with
respect to a share of Restricted Stock with performance-based vesting, dividends which are paid prior to vesting shall only be
paid out to the Participant to the extent that the performance-based vesting conditions are subsequently satisfied and the share
of Restricted Stock vests. 

 (b)
 Stock Certificates. The Company may require that the Participant deposit in escrow with the Company (or its designee) any
stock certificates issued in respect of shares of Restricted Stock, together with a stock power endorsed in blank. 

 6.3
Restricted Stock Units. 

 (a)
 Settlement. The Administrator may provide that settlement of Restricted Stock Units will occur upon or as soon as reasonably
practicable after the Restricted Stock Units vest or will instead be deferred, on a mandatory basis or at the Participant's
election, in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A. 

 (b)
 Stockholder Rights. A Participant will have no rights of a stockholder with respect to Shares subject to any Restricted
Stock Unit unless and until the Shares are delivered in settlement of the Restricted Stock Unit. 

 (c)
 Dividend Equivalents. If the Administrator provides, a grant of Restricted Stock Units may provide a Participant with the
right to receive Dividend Equivalents. Dividend Equivalents may be paid currently or credited to an account for the Participant,
settled in cash or Shares and subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Restricted Stock Units
with respect to which the Dividend Equivalents are granted and subject to other terms and conditions as set forth in the Award
Agreement. In addition, Dividend Equivalents with respect to an Award with performance-based vesting that are based on dividends
paid prior to the vesting of such Award shall only be paid out to the Participant to the extent that the performance-based conditions
are subsequently satisfied and the Award vests. 

 ARTICLE
VII. 

 OTHER STOCK OR CASH BASED AWARDS 

 Other
Stock or Cash Based Awards may be granted to Participants, including Awards entitling Participants to receive Shares to be delivered
in the future and including annual or other periodic or long-term cash bonus awards (whether based on specified Performance Criteria
or otherwise), in each case subject to any conditions and limitations in the Plan. Such Other Stock or Cash Based Awards will
also be available as a payment form in the settlement of other Awards, as standalone payments and as payment in lieu of compensation
to which a Participant is otherwise entitled. Other Stock or Cash Based Awards may be paid in Shares, cash or other property,
as the Administrator determines. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator will determine the terms and conditions
of each Other Stock or Cash Based Award, including any purchase price, performance goal (which may be based on the Performance
Criteria), transfer restrictions, and vesting conditions, which will be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. 

 ARTICLE
VIII. 

 ADJUSTMENTS FOR CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK 
 AND CERTAIN OTHER EVENTS 

 8.1
 Equity Restructuring . In connection with any Equity Restructuring, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article
VIII, the Administrator will equitably adjust each outstanding Award as it deems appropriate to reflect the Equity Restructuring,
which may include adjusting the number and type of securities subject to each outstanding Award and/or the Award's exercise
price or grant price (if applicable), granting new Awards to Participants, and making a cash payment to Participants. The adjustments
provided under this Section 8.1 will be final and binding on the affected Participant and the Company; provided that the Administrator
will determine whether an adjustment is equitable. 

 8.2
 Corporate Transactions. In the event of any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common Stock,
other securities, or other property), reorganization, merger, consolidation, combination, amalgamation, repurchase, recapitalization,
liquidation, dissolution, or sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company,
or sale or exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, Change in Control, issuance of warrants or other rights
to purchase Common Stock or other securities of the Company, other similar corporate transaction or event, other unusual or nonrecurring
transaction or event affecting the Company or its financial statements or any change in any Applicable Laws or accounting principles,
the Administrator, on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, either by the terms of the Award or by action taken prior
to the occurrence of such transaction or event (except that action to give effect to a change in Applicable Law or accounting
principles may be made within a reasonable period of time after such change) and either automatically or upon the Participant's
request, is hereby authorized to take any one or more of the following actions whenever the Administrator determines that such
action is appropriate in order to (x) prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended by the Company
to be made available under the Plan or with respect to any Award granted or issued under the Plan, (y) to facilitate such transaction
or event or (z) give effect to such changes in Applicable Laws or accounting principles: 

 (a)
To provide for the cancellation of any such Award in exchange for either an amount of cash or other property with a value equal
to the amount that could have been obtained upon the exercise or settlement of the vested portion of such Award or realization
of the Participant's rights under the vested portion of such Award, as applicable; provided that, if the amount that could
have been obtained upon the exercise or settlement of the vested portion of such Award or realization of the Participant's
rights, in any case, is equal to or less than zero, then the Award may be terminated without payment; 

 (b)
To provide that such Award shall vest and, to the extent applicable, be exercisable as to all shares covered thereby, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the Plan or the provisions of such Award; 

 (c)
To provide that such Award be assumed by the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, or shall be
substituted for by awards covering the stock of the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with
appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and/or applicable exercise or purchase price, in all cases, as determined
by the Administrator; 

 (d)
To make adjustments in the number and type of shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding
Awards and/or with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the limitations
in Article IV hereof on the maximum number and kind of shares which may be issued) and/or in the terms and conditions of (including
the grant or exercise price), and the criteria included in, outstanding Awards; 

 (e)
To replace such Award with other rights or property selected by the Administrator; and/or 

 (f)
To provide that the Award will terminate and cannot vest, be exercised or become payable after the applicable event. 

 8.3
 Administrative Stand Still. In the event of any pending stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares,
merger, consolidation or other distribution (other than normal cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other
extraordinary transaction or change affecting the Shares or the share price of Common Stock, including any Equity Restructuring
or any securities offering or other similar transaction, for administrative convenience, the Administrator may refuse to permit
the exercise of any Award for up to sixty days before or after such transaction. 

 8.4
 General. Except as expressly provided in the Plan or the Administrator's action under the Plan, no Participant will
have any rights due to any subdivision or consolidation of Shares of any class, dividend payment, increase or decrease in the
number of Shares of any class or dissolution, liquidation, merger, or consolidation of the Company or other corporation. Except
as expressly provided with respect to an Equity Restructuring under Section 8.1 above or the Administrator's action under
the Plan, no issuance by the Company of Shares of any class, or securities convertible into Shares of any class, will affect,
and no adjustment will be made regarding, the number of Shares subject to an Award or the Award's grant or exercise price.
The existence of the Plan, any Award Agreements and the Awards granted hereunder will not affect or restrict in any way the Company's
right or power to make or authorize (i) any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Company's
capital structure or its business, (ii) any merger, consolidation dissolution or liquidation of the Company or sale of Company
assets or (iii) any sale or issuance of securities, including securities with rights superior to those of the Shares or securities
convertible into or exchangeable for Shares. The Administrator may treat Participants and Awards (or portions thereof) differently
under this Article VIII. 

 ARTICLE
IX. 

 GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO AWARDS 

 9.1
 Transferability. Except as the Administrator may determine or provide in an Award Agreement or otherwise for Awards other
than Incentive Stock Options, Awards may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered, either voluntarily
or by operation of law, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, or, subject to the Administrator's consent,
pursuant to a domestic relations order, and, during the life of the Participant, will be exercisable only by the Participant.
References to a Participant, to the extent relevant in the context, will include references to a Participant's authorized
transferee that the Administrator specifically approves. 

 9.2
 Documentation. Each Award will be evidenced in an Award Agreement, which may be written or electronic, as the Administrator
determines. Each Award may contain terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in the Plan. 

 9.3
 Discretion. Except as the Plan otherwise provides, each Award may be made alone or in addition or in relation to any other
Award. The terms of each Award to a Participant need not be identical, and the Administrator need not treat Participants or Awards
(or portions thereof) uniformly. 

 9.4
 Termination of Status. The Administrator will determine how the disability, death, retirement, authorized leave of absence
or any other change or purported change in a Participant's Service Provider status affects an Award and the extent to which,
and the period during which, the Participant, the Participant's legal representative, conservator, guardian or Designated
Beneficiary may exercise rights under the Award, if applicable. 

 9.5
 Withholding. Each Participant must pay the Company, or make provision satisfactory to the Administrator for payment of,
any taxes required by law to be withheld in connection with such Participant's Awards by the date of the event creating
the tax liability. The Company may deduct an amount sufficient to satisfy such tax obligations based on the minimum statutory
withholding rates (or such other rate as may be determined by the Company after considering any accounting consequences or costs)
from any payment of any kind otherwise due to a Participant. Subject to Section 10.8 and any Company insider trading policy (including
blackout periods), Participants may satisfy such tax obligations (i) in cash, by wire transfer of immediately available funds,
by check made payable to the order of the Company, provided that the Company may limit the use of the foregoing payment forms
if one or more of the payment forms below is permitted, (ii) to the extent permitted by the Administrator, in whole or in part
by delivery of Shares, including Shares retained from the Award creating the tax obligation, valued at their Fair Market Value,
(iii) if there is a public market for Shares at the time the tax obligations are satisfied, unless the Company otherwise determines,
(A) delivery (including telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking
by a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to satisfy the tax obligations, or (B)
delivery by the Participant to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the
Company to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to satisfy the tax withholding; provided that such amount
is paid to the Company at such time as may be required by the Administrator, or (iv) to the extent permitted by the Company, any
combination of the foregoing payment forms approved by the Administrator. If any tax withholding obligation will be satisfied
under clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence by the Company's retention of Shares from the Award creating the
tax obligation and there is a public market for Shares at the time the tax obligation is satisfied, the Company may elect to instruct
any brokerage firm determined acceptable to the Company for such purpose to sell on the applicable Participant's behalf
some or all of the Shares retained and to remit the proceeds of the sale to the Company or its designee, and each Participant's
acceptance of an Award under the Plan will constitute the Participant's authorization to the Company and instruction and
authorization to such brokerage firm to complete the transactions described in this sentence. 

 9.6
 Amendment of Award; Prohibition on Repricing. The Administrator may amend, modify or terminate any outstanding Award, including
by substituting another Award of the same or a different type, changing the exercise or settlement date, and converting an Incentive
Stock Option to a Non-Qualified Stock Option. The Participant's consent to such action will be required unless (i) the action,
taking into account any related action, does not materially and adversely affect the Participant's rights under the Award,
or (ii) the change is permitted under Article VIII or pursuant to Section 10.6. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in the
Plan to the contrary, the Administrator may not except pursuant to Article VIII, without the approval of the stockholders of the
Company, reduce the exercise price per share of outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights or cancel outstanding Options
or Stock Appreciation Rights in exchange for cash, other Awards or Options or Stock Appreciation Rights with an exercise price
per share that is less than the exercise price per share of the original Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. 

 9.7
 Conditions on Delivery of Stock. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Shares under the Plan or remove restrictions
from Shares previously delivered under the Plan until (i) all Award conditions have been met or removed to the Company's
satisfaction, (ii) as determined by the Company, all other legal matters regarding the issuance and delivery of such Shares have
been satisfied, including any applicable securities laws and stock exchange or stock market rules and regulations, and (iii) the
Participant has executed and delivered to the Company such representations or agreements as the Administrator deems necessary
or appropriate to satisfy any Applicable Laws. The Company's inability to obtain authority from any regulatory body having
jurisdiction, which the Administrator determines is necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any securities, will relieve
the Company of any liability for failing to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority has not been obtained. 

 9.8
 Acceleration. The Administrator may at any time provide that any Award will become immediately vested and fully or partially
exercisable, free of some or all restrictions or conditions, or otherwise fully or partially realizable. 

 9.9
 Additional Terms of Incentive Stock Options. The Administrator may grant Incentive Stock Options only to employees of the
Company, any of its present or future parent or subsidiary corporations, as defined in Sections 424(e) or (f) of the Code, respectively,
and any other entities the employees of which are eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options under the Code. If an Incentive
Stock Option is granted to a Greater Than 10% Stockholder, the exercise price will not be less than 110% of the Fair Market Value
on the Option's grant date, and the term of the Option will not exceed five years. All Incentive Stock Options will be subject
to and construed consistently with Section 422 of the Code. By accepting an Incentive Stock Option, the Participant agrees to
give prompt notice to the Company of dispositions or other transfers (other than in connection with a Change in Control) of Shares
acquired under the Option made within (i) two years from the grant date of the Option or (ii) one year after the transfer of such
Shares to the Participant, specifying the date of the disposition or other transfer and the amount the Participant realized, in
cash, other property, assumption of indebtedness or other consideration, in such disposition or other transfer. Neither the Company
nor the Administrator will be liable to a Participant, or any other party, if an Incentive Stock Option fails or ceases to qualify
as an "incentive stock option" under Section 422 of the Code. Any Incentive Stock Option or portion thereof that fails
to qualify as an "incentive stock option" under Section 422 of the Code for any reason, including becoming exercisable
with respect to Shares having a fair market value exceeding the $100,000 limitation under Treasury Regulation Section 1.422-4,
will be a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 

 ARTICLE
X. 

 MISCELLANEOUS 

 10.1
 No Right to Employment or Other Status. No person will have any claim or right to be granted an Award, and the grant of
an Award will not be construed as giving a Participant the right to continued employment or any other relationship with the Company
or any Subsidiary. The Company and its Subsidiaries expressly reserve the right at any time to dismiss or otherwise terminate
its relationship with a Participant free from any liability or claim under the Plan or any Award, except as expressly provided
in an Award Agreement. 

 10.2
 No Rights as Stockholder; Certificates. Subject to the Award Agreement, no Participant or Designated Beneficiary will have
any rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares to be distributed under an Award until becoming the record holder of such
Shares. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless the Administrator otherwise determines or Applicable Laws require,
the Company will not be required to deliver to any Participant certificates evidencing Shares issued in connection with any Award
and instead such Shares may be recorded in the books of the Company (or, as applicable, its transfer agent or stock plan administrator).
The Company may place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan that the Administrator deems necessary or appropriate
to comply with Applicable Laws. 

 10.3
 Effective Date and Term of Plan. Unless earlier terminated by the Board, the Plan will become effective upon the consummation
of the Company's initial business combination, subject to the approval of the Company's stockholders, and will remain
in effect until the tenth anniversary of the earlier of (i) the date the Board adopted the Plan or (ii) the date the Company's
stockholders approved the Plan, but Awards previously granted may extend beyond that date in accordance with the Plan. If the
Plan is not approved by the Company's stockholders, the Plan will not become effective and no Awards will be granted under
the Plan. 

 10.4
 Amendment of Plan. The Administrator may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time; provided that no amendment,
other than an increase to the Overall Share Limit, may materially and adversely affect any Award outstanding at the time of such
amendment without the affected Participant's consent. No Awards may be granted under the Plan during any suspension period
or after Plan termination. Awards outstanding at the time of any Plan suspension or termination will continue to be governed by
the Plan and the Award Agreement, as in effect before such suspension or termination. The Board will obtain stockholder approval
of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Laws. 

 10.5
 Provisions for Foreign Participants. The Administrator may modify Awards granted to Participants who are foreign nationals
or employed outside the United States or establish subplans or procedures under the Plan to address differences in laws, rules,
regulations or customs of such foreign jurisdictions with respect to tax, securities, currency, employee benefit or other matters. 

 10.6
Section 409A . 

 (a)
 General. The Company intends that all Awards be structured to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A, such that no
adverse tax consequences, interest, or penalties under Section 409A apply. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any Award Agreement
to the contrary, the Administrator may, without a Participant's consent, amend this Plan or Awards, adopt policies and procedures,
or take any other actions (including amendments, policies, procedures and retroactive actions) as are necessary or appropriate
to preserve the intended tax treatment of Awards, including any such actions intended to (A) exempt this Plan or any Award from
Section 409A, or (B) comply with Section 409A, including regulations, guidance, compliance programs and other interpretative authority
that may be issued after an Award's grant date. The Company makes no representations or warranties as to an Award's
tax treatment under Section 409A or otherwise. The Company and its Subsidiaries will have no obligation under this Section 10.6
or otherwise to avoid the taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A with respect to any Award and will have no liability
to any Participant or any other person if any Award, compensation or other benefits under the Plan are determined to constitute
noncompliant "nonqualified deferred compensation" subject to taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A. 

 (b)
 Separation from Service. If an Award constitutes "nonqualified deferred compensation" under Section 409A, any
payment or settlement of such Award upon a termination of a Participant's Service Provider relationship will, to the extent
necessary to avoid taxes under Section 409A, be made only upon the Participant's "separation from service" (within
the meaning of Section 409A), whether such "separation from service" occurs upon or after the termination of the Participant's
Service Provider relationship. For purposes of this Plan or any Award Agreement relating to any such payments or benefits, references
to a "termination," "termination of employment" or like terms means a "separation from service." 

 (c)
 Payments to Specified Employees. Notwithstanding any contrary provision in the Plan or any Award Agreement, any payment(s)
of "nonqualified deferred compensation" required to be made under an Award to a "specified employee" (as
defined under Section 409A and as the Administrator determines) due to his or her "separation from service" will,
to the extent necessary to avoid taxes under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, be delayed for the six-month period immediately
following such "separation from service" (or, if earlier, until the specified employee's death) and will instead
be paid (as set forth in the Award Agreement) on the day immediately following such six-month period or as soon as administratively
practicable thereafter (without interest). Any payments of "nonqualified deferred compensation" under such Award payable
more than six months following the Participant's "separation from service" will be paid at the time or times
the payments are otherwise scheduled to be made. 

 10.7
 Limitations on Liability. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, no individual acting as a director, officer,
other employee or agent of the Company or any Subsidiary will be liable to any Participant, former Participant, spouse, beneficiary,
or any other person for any claim, loss, liability, or expense incurred in connection with the Plan or any Award, and such individual
will not be personally liable with respect to the Plan because of any contract or other instrument executed in his or her capacity
as an Administrator, director, officer, other employee or agent of the Company or any Subsidiary. The Company will indemnify and
hold harmless each director, officer, other employee and agent of the Company or any Subsidiary that has been or will be granted
or delegated any duty or power relating to the Plan's administration or interpretation, against any cost or expense (including
attorneys' fees) or liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the Administrator's approval)
arising from any act or omission concerning this Plan unless arising from such person's own fraud or bad faith. 

 10.8
 Lock-Up Period. The Company may, at the request of any underwriter representative or otherwise, in connection with registering
the offering of any Company securities under the Securities Act, prohibit Participants from, directly or indirectly, selling or
otherwise transferring any Shares or other Company securities during a period of up to one hundred eighty days following the effective
date of a Company registration statement filed under the Securities Act, or such longer period as determined by the underwriter. 

 10.9
 Data Privacy. As a condition for receiving any Award, each Participant explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection,
use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of personal data as described in this section by and among the Company and its
Subsidiaries and affiliates exclusively for implementing, administering and managing the Participant's participation in
the Plan. The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may hold certain personal information about a Participant, including
the Participant's name, address and telephone number; birthdate; social security, insurance number or other identification
number; salary; nationality; job title(s); any Shares held in the Company or its Subsidiaries and affiliates; and Award details,
to implement, manage and administer the Plan and Awards (the " Data "). The Company and its Subsidiaries
and affiliates may transfer the Data amongst themselves as necessary to implement, administer and manage a Participant's
participation in the Plan, and the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may transfer the Data to third parties assisting
the Company with Plan implementation, administration and management. These recipients may be located in the Participant's
country, or elsewhere, and the Participant's country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the recipients'
country. By accepting an Award, each Participant authorizes such recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the
Data, in electronic or other form, to implement, administer and manage the Participant's participation in the Plan, including
any required Data transfer to a broker or other third party with whom the Company or the Participant may elect to deposit any
Shares. The Data related to a Participant will be held only as long as necessary to implement, administer, and manage the Participant's
participation in the Plan. A Participant may, at any time, view the Data that the Company holds regarding such Participant, request
additional information about the storage and processing of the Data regarding such Participant, recommend any necessary corrections
to the Data regarding the Participant or refuse or withdraw the consents in this Section 10.9 in writing, without cost, by contacting
the local human resources representative. The Company may cancel Participant's ability to participate in the Plan and, in
the Administrator's discretion, the Participant may forfeit any outstanding Awards if the Participant refuses or withdraws
the consents in this Section 10.9. For more information on the consequences of refusing or withdrawing consent, Participants may
contact their local human resources representative. 

 10.10
 Severability. If any portion of the Plan or any action taken under it is held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality
or invalidity will not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan will be construed and enforced as if the illegal or
invalid provisions had been excluded, and the illegal or invalid action will be null and void. 

 10.11
 Governing Documents. If any contradiction occurs between the Plan and any Award Agreement or other written agreement between
a Participant and the Company (or any Subsidiary) that the Administrator has approved, the Plan will govern, unless it is expressly
specified in such Award Agreement or other written document that a specific provision of the Plan will not apply. 

 10.12
 Governing Law. The Plan and all Awards will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of
Delaware, disregarding any state's choice-of-law principles requiring the application of a jurisdiction's laws other
than the State of Delaware. 

 10.13
 Claw-back Provisions. All Awards (including any proceeds, gains or other economic benefit the Participant actually or constructively
receives upon receipt or exercise of any Award or the receipt or resale of any Shares underlying the Award) will be subject to
any Company claw-back policy, including any claw-back policy adopted to comply with Applicable Laws (including the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder) as set forth in such claw-back
policy or the Award Agreement. 

 10.14
 Titles and Headings. The titles and headings in the Plan are for convenience of reference only and, if any conflict, the
Plan's text, rather than such titles or headings, will control. 

 10.15
 Conformity to Securities Laws. Participant acknowledges that the Plan is intended to conform to the extent necessary with
Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan and all Awards will be administered only in conformance
with Applicable Laws. To the extent Applicable Laws permit, the Plan and all Award Agreements will be deemed amended as necessary
to conform to Applicable Laws. 

 10.16
 Relationship to Other Benefits. No payment under the Plan will be taken into account in determining any benefits under
any pension, retirement, savings, profit sharing, group insurance, welfare or other benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary
except as expressly provided in writing in such other plan or an agreement thereunder. 

 10.17
 Broker-Assisted Sales. In the event of a broker-assisted sale of Shares in connection with the payment of amounts owed
by a Participant under or with respect to the Plan or Awards, including amounts to be paid under the final sentence of Section
9.5: (a) any Shares to be sold through the broker-assisted sale will be sold on the day the payment first becomes due, or as soon
thereafter as practicable; (b) such Shares may be sold as part of a block trade with other Participants in the Plan in which all
participants receive an average price; (c) the applicable Participant will be responsible for all broker's fees and other
costs of sale, and by accepting an Award, each Participant agrees to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any losses,
costs, damages, or expenses relating to any such sale; (d) to the extent the Company or its designee receives proceeds of such
sale that exceed the amount owed, the Company will pay such excess in cash to the applicable Participant as soon as reasonably
practicable; (e) the Company and its designees are under no obligation to arrange for such sale at any particular price; and (f)
in the event the proceeds of such sale are insufficient to satisfy the Participant's applicable obligation, the Participant
may be required to pay immediately upon demand to the Company or its designee an amount in cash sufficient to satisfy any remaining
portion of the Participant's obligation. 

 10.18
Limitations . 

 (a)
 Individual Award Limitations. Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary, and subject to adjustment as provided
in Article VIII, (i) the maximum aggregate number of Shares with respect to which one or more Awards of Restricted Stock,
Restricted Stock Units, or Other Stock or Cash Based Awards that are denominated in Shares that may be granted to any one person
during any fiscal year of the Company shall be 250,000; and (ii) the maximum amount of cash that may be paid to any one person
during any fiscal year of the Company with respect to one or more Awards payable in cash and not denominated in Shares shall be
$1,250,000. 

 (c)
 Performance-Based Awards. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may determine whether an Award is intended to be performance-based.
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall require the Administrator to structure any Awards as Performance-Based, and the
Administrator shall be free, in its sole discretion, to grant Awards that are not intended to be Performance-Based. Awards of
Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units and Other Stock or Cash Based Awards that are intended to qualify as Performance-Based
also shall be subject to the following provisions, which shall control over any conflicting provision in the Plan or any Award
Agreement: 

 (i)
No later than 90 days following the commencement of any performance period or any designated fiscal period or period of service,
the Administrator shall, in writing, (a) designate the Participant to receive such Award, (b) select the Performance Criteria
applicable to the performance period, which Performance Criteria shall be limited to the specific performance criteria set forth
in the definition of Performance Criteria, (c) establish the performance goals (and any exclusions), and amounts of such Awards,
as applicable, which may be earned for such performance period based on the Performance Criteria, and (d) specify the relationship
between Performance Criteria and the performance goals and the amounts of such Awards, as applicable, to be earned by each Participant
for such performance period. 

 (ii)
Following the completion of each performance period, the Administrator shall certify in writing whether and the extent to which
the applicable performance goals have been achieved for such performance period. In determining the amount earned under such Awards,
the Administrator shall have the right to reduce or eliminate (but not to increase) the amount payable at a given level of performance
to take into account additional factors that the Administrator may deem relevant, including the assessment of individual or corporate
performance for the performance period. 

 (iii)
Unless otherwise specified by the Administrator at the time of grant, the Performance Criteria with respect to an Award intended
to be Performance-Based payable to a Participant shall be determined on the basis of Applicable Accounting Standards. For this
purpose, " Applicable Accounting Standards " means the U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles,
International Financial Reporting Standards or other accounting principles or standards applicable to the Company's financial
statements under U.S. federal securities laws. 

 10.19
 No Fractional Shares. Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary, no fractional Shares shall be issued or
delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Award, and the Administrator shall determine whether cash, other securities or other property
shall be paid or transferred in lieu of any fractional Shares, or whether such fractional Shares or any rights thereto shall be
canceled, terminated or otherwise eliminated. 

 10.20
 Section 83(b) Elections Prohibited. No Participant may make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, or any successor
section thereto, with respect to any Award without the consent of the Administrator, which the Administrator may grant or withhold
in its discretion. 

 ARTICLE
XI. 

 DEFINITIONS 

 As
used in the Plan, the following words and phrases will have the following meanings: 

 11.1
" Administrator " means the Board or a Committee to the extent that the Board's powers or authority
under the Plan have been delegated to such Committee. 

 11.2
" Applicable Laws " means the requirements relating to the administration of equity incentive plans under
U.S. federal and state securities, tax and other applicable laws, rules and regulations, the applicable rules of any stock exchange
or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws and rules of any foreign country or
other jurisdiction where Awards are granted. 

 11.3
" Award " means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights,
Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Other Stock or Cash Based Awards. 

 11.4
" Award Agreement " means a written agreement evidencing an Award, which may be electronic, that contains
such terms and conditions as the Administrator determines, consistent with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

 11.5
" Board " means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

 11.6
" Cause " means (i) if a Participant is a party to a written employment or consulting agreement with the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or an Award Agreement in which the term "cause" is defined (a " Relevant
Agreement "), "Cause" as defined in the Relevant Agreement, and (ii) if no Relevant Agreement exists,
(A) the Administrator's determination that the Participant failed to substantially perform the Participant's duties
(other than a failure resulting from the Participant's Disability); (B) the Administrator's determination that the
Participant failed to carry out, or comply with any lawful and reasonable directive of the Board or the Participant's immediate
supervisor; (C) the occurrence of any act or omission by the Participant that could reasonably be expected to result in (or has
resulted in) the Participant's conviction, plea of no contest, plea of nolo contendere, or imposition of unadjudicated probation
for any felony or indictable offense or crime involving moral turpitude; (D) the Participant's unlawful use (including being
under the influence) or possession of illegal drugs on the premises of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or while performing
the Participant's duties and responsibilities for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; or (E) the Participant's
commission of an act of fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation, misconduct, or breach of fiduciary duty against the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries. 

 11.7
" Change in Control " means and includes each of the following: 

 (a)
A transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of Common Stock to the general public through a registration statement
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or a transaction or series of transactions that meets the requirements of clauses
(i) and (ii) of subsection (c) below) whereby any "person" or related "group" of "persons"
(as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) (other than the Company, any of its Subsidiaries,
an employee benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or a "person" that, prior to such transaction,
directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) directly or indirectly acquires
beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company possessing more than
50% of the total combined voting power of the Company's securities outstanding immediately after such acquisition; or 

 (b)
During any period of two consecutive years, individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board together with
any new Director(s) (other than a Director designated by a person who shall have entered into an agreement with the Company to
effect a transaction described in subsections (a) or (c)) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company's
stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Directors then still in office who either were Directors at
the beginning of the two-year period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason
to constitute a majority thereof; or 

 (c)
The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the Company or indirectly involving the Company through one or more
intermediaries) of (x) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination or (y) a sale or other disposition of
all or substantially all of the Company's assets in any single transaction or series of related transactions or (z) the
acquisition of assets or stock of another entity, in each case other than a transaction: 

 (i)
which results in the Company's voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction continuing to represent
(either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the Company or the person that, as a result of
the transaction, controls, directly or indirectly, the Company or owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the
Company's assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or such person, the " Successor
Entity ")) directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity's
outstanding voting securities immediately after the transaction, and 

 (ii)
after which no person or group beneficially owns voting securities representing 50% or more of the combined voting power of the
Successor Entity; provided , however , that no person or group shall be treated for purposes of this clause (ii) as
beneficially owning 50% or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity solely as a result of the voting power held
in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction. 

 Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in no event shall the Company's initial business combination or the transactions occurring in connection
therewith constitute a Change in Control and, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award (or
portion of any Award) that provides for the deferral of compensation that is subject to Section 409A, to the extent required to
avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Section 409A, the transaction or event described in subsection (a), (b) or (c)
with respect to such Award (or portion thereof) shall only constitute a Change in Control for purposes of the payment timing of
such Award if such transaction also constitutes a "change in control event," as defined in Treasury Regulation Section
1.409A-3(i)(5). 

 The
Administrator shall have full and final authority, which shall be exercised in its discretion, to determine conclusively whether
a Change in Control has occurred pursuant to the above definition, the date of the occurrence of such Change in Control and any
incidental matters relating thereto; provided that any exercise of authority in conjunction with a determination of whether a
Change in Control is a "change in control event" as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) shall be
consistent with such regulation. 

 11.8
" Code " means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations issued thereunder. 

 11.9
" Committee " means one or more committees or subcommittees of the Board, which may include one or more
Company directors or executive officers, to the extent Applicable Laws permit. To the extent required to comply with the provisions
of Rule 16b-3, it is intended that each member of the Committee will be, at the time the Committee takes any action with respect
to an Award that is subject to Rule 16b-3, a "non-employee director" within the meaning of Rule 16b-3; however, a
Committee member's failure to qualify as a "non-employee director" within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 will not
invalidate any Award granted by the Committee that is otherwise validly granted under the Plan. 

 11.10
" Common Stock " means the common stock of the Company. 

 11.11
" Company " means National Energy Services Reunited Corp, a British Virgin Islands company, or any successor. 

 11.12
" Consultant " means any person, including any adviser, engaged by the Company or its parent or Subsidiary
to render services to such entity if the consultant or adviser: (i) renders bona fide services to the Company; (ii) renders services
not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction and does not directly or indirectly promote
or maintain a market for the Company's securities; and (iii) is a natural person. 

 11.13
" Designated Beneficiary " means the beneficiary or beneficiaries the Participant designates, in a manner
the Administrator determines, to receive amounts due or exercise the Participant's rights if the Participant dies or becomes
incapacitated. Without a Participant's effective designation, "Designated Beneficiary" will mean the Participant's
estate. 

 11.14
" Director " means a Board member. 

 11.15
" Disability " means a permanent and total disability under Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, as amended. 

 11.16
" Dividend Equivalents " means a right granted to a Participant under the Plan to receive the equivalent
value (in cash or Shares) of dividends paid on Shares. 

 11.17
" Employee " means any employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries. 

 11.18
" Equity Restructuring " means a nonreciprocal transaction between the Company and its stockholders, such
as a stock dividend, stock split, spin-off or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend, that affects the number
or kind of Shares (or other Company securities) or the share price of Common Stock (or other Company securities) and causes a
change in the per share value of the Common Stock underlying outstanding Awards. 

 11.19
" Exchange Act " means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

 11.20
" Fair Market Value " means, as of any date, the value of Common Stock determined as follows: (i) if the
Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such Common
Stock as quoted on such exchange for such date, or if no sale occurred on such date, the last day preceding such date during which
a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable; (ii) if the Common
Stock is not traded on a stock exchange but is quoted on a national market or other quotation system, the closing sales price
on such date, or if no sales occurred on such date, then on the last date preceding such date during which a sale occurred, as
reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable; or (iii) without an established market
for the Common Stock, the Administrator will determine the Fair Market Value in its discretion. 

 11.21
" Greater Than 10% Stockholder " means an individual then owning (within the meaning of Section 424(d)
of the Code) more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or its parent or subsidiary
corporation, as defined in Section 424(e) and (f) of the Code, respectively. 

 11.22
" Incentive Stock Option " means an Option intended to qualify as an "incentive stock option"
as defined in Section 422 of the Code. 

 11.23
" Non-Qualified Stock Option " means an Option not intended or not qualifying as an Incentive Stock Option. 

 11.24
" Option " means an option to purchase Shares. 

 11.25
" Other Stock or Cash Based Awards " means cash awards, awards of Shares, and other awards valued wholly
or partially by referring to, or are otherwise based on, Shares or other property. 

 11.26
" Overall Share Limit" means 5,000,000 Shares. 

 11.27
" Participant " means a Service Provider who has been granted an Award. 

 11.28
" Performance Criteria " mean the criteria (and adjustments) that the Administrator may select for an
Award to establish performance goals for a performance period, which may include the following: net earnings or losses (either
before or after one or more of interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and non-cash equity-based compensation expense); gross
or net sales or revenue or sales or revenue growth; net income (either before or after taxes) or adjusted net income; profits
(including but not limited to gross profits, net profits, profit growth, net operation profit or economic profit), profit return
ratios or operating margin; budget or operating earnings (either before or after taxes or before or after allocation of corporate
overhead and bonus); cash flow (including operating cash flow and free cash flow or cash flow return on capital); return on assets;
return on capital or invested capital; cost of capital; return on stockholders' equity; total stockholder return; return
on sales; costs, reductions in costs and cost control measures; expenses; working capital; earnings or loss per share; adjusted
earnings or loss per share; price per share or dividends per share (or appreciation in or maintenance of such price or dividends);
regulatory achievements or compliance; implementation, completion or attainment of objectives relating to research, development,
regulatory, commercial, or strategic milestones or developments; market share; economic value or economic value added models;
division, group or corporate financial goals; individual business objectives; production or growth in production; reserves or
added reserves; growth in reserves per share; inventory growth; environmental, health and/or safety performance; effectiveness
of hedging programs; improvements in internal controls and policies and procedures; customer satisfaction/growth; customer service;
employee satisfaction; recruitment and maintenance of personnel; human resources management; supervision of litigation and other
legal matters; strategic partnerships and transactions; financial ratios (including those measuring liquidity, activity, profitability
or leverage); debt levels or reductions; sales-related goals; financing and other capital raising transactions; cash on hand;
acquisition activity; investment sourcing activity; and marketing initiatives, any of which may be measured in absolute terms
or as compared to any incremental increase or decrease. Such performance goals also may be based solely by reference to the Company's
performance or the performance of a Subsidiary, division, business segment or business unit of the Company or a Subsidiary, or
based upon performance relative to performance of other companies or upon comparisons of any of the indicators of performance
relative to performance of other companies. Any performance goals that are financial metrics may be determined in accordance with
U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, in accordance with accounting principles established by the International Accounting
Standards Board, or may be adjusted when established to include or exclude any items otherwise includable or excludable under
U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or under the accounting principles established by the International Accounting Standards
Board. The Committee may provide for exclusion of the impact of an event or occurrence which the Committee determines should appropriately
be excluded, including (a) restructurings, discontinued operations, extraordinary items, and other unusual, infrequently occurring
or non-recurring charges or events, (b) asset write-downs, (c) litigation or claim judgments or settlements, (d) acquisitions
or divestitures, (e) reorganization or change in the corporate structure or capital structure of the Company, (f) an event either
not directly related to the operations of the Company, Subsidiary, division, business segment or business unit or not within the
reasonable control of management, (g) foreign exchange gains and losses, (h) a change in the fiscal year of the Company, (i) the
refinancing or repurchase of bank loans or debt securities, (j) unbudgeted capital expenditures, (k) the issuance or repurchase
of equity securities and other changes in the number of outstanding shares, (l) conversion of some or all of convertible securities
to Common Stock, (m) any business interruption event (n) the cumulative effects of tax or accounting changes in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or (o) the effect of changes in other laws or regulatory rules affecting reported
results. 

 11.29
" Plan " means this 2018 Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 

 11.30
" Restricted Stock " means Shares awarded to a Participant under Article VI subject to certain vesting
conditions and other restrictions. 

 11.31
" Restricted Stock Unit " means an unfunded, unsecured right to receive, on the applicable settlement
date, one Share or an amount in cash or other consideration determined by the Administrator to be of equal value as of such settlement
date, subject to certain vesting conditions and other restrictions. 

 11.32
" Rule 16b-3 " means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

 11.33
" Section 409A " means Section 409A of the Code and all regulations, guidance, compliance programs and
other interpretative authority thereunder. 

 11.34
" Securities Act " means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

 11.35
" Service Provider " means an Employee, Consultant or Director. 

 11.36
" Shares " means shares of Common Stock. 

 11.37
" Stock Appreciation Right " means a stock appreciation right granted under Article V. 

 11.38
" Subsidiary " means any entity (other than the Company), whether domestic or foreign, in an unbroken
chain of entities beginning with the Company if each of the entities other than the last entity in the unbroken chain beneficially
owns, at the time of the determination, securities or interests representing at least 50% of the total combined voting power of
all classes of securities or interests in one of the other entities in such chain. 

 11.39
" Substitute Awards " shall mean Awards granted or Shares issued by the Company in assumption of, or in
substitution or exchange for, awards previously granted, or the right or obligation to make future awards, in each case by a company
acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary or with which the Company or any Subsidiary combines. 

 11.40
" Termination of Service " means the date the Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. 

