 
 10-K
 1
 finalia10k.htm

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 10-K 

 X 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 
 
 o 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 000-51609 
 
 Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 Maryland 
 34-2019608 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

 2901 Butterfield Road, Oak Brook, Illinois 
 60523 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

 630-218-8000 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Common stock, $0.001 par value per share 
 (Title of Class) 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o No X 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o No X 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to the filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.45 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes o No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. (See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer X Smaller reporting company o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No X 
 
 While there is no established market for the registrant's shares of common stock, the registrant has completed a follow-on primary offering of its shares of common stock pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-11. In each of its primary offerings, the registrant sold shares of its common stock for $10.00 per share, with discounts available for certain categories of purchasers. The number of shares held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2009 (the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately 811,245,794. 
 
 As of March 10, 2010, there were 827,415,405 shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding. 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: Portions of the registrant's proxy statement for the 2010 annual stockholders meeting which is expected to be filed no later than April 30, 2010 are incorporated by reference in Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14. 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Part I 
 Page 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 3 

 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 

 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 20 

 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 

 Item 4. 
 Reserved 
 30 

 Part II 

 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 

 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 31 

 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 

 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 62 

 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 64 

 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 157 

 Item 9A(T). 
 Controls and Procedures 
 157 

 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 157 

 Part III 

 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 157 

 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 157 

 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 157 

 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 158 

 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 158 

 Part IV 

 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 158 

 Signatures 
 159 

 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes references to certain trademarks. Courtyard by Marriott&#174;, Marriott&#174;, Marriott Suites&#174;, Residence Inn by Marriott&#174; and SpringHill Suites by Marriott&#174; trademarks are the property of Marriott International, Inc. (&#147;Marriott&#148;) or one of its affiliates. Doubletree&#174;, Embassy Suites&#174;, Hampton Inn&#174;, Hilton Garden Inn&#174;, Hilton Hotels&#174; and Homewood Suites by Hilton&#174; trademarks are the property of Hilton Hotels Corporation (&#147;Hilton&#148;) or one or more of its affiliates. Hyatt Place&#174; trademark is the property of Hyatt Corporation (&#147;Hyatt&#148;). Intercontinental Hotels &#174; trademark is the property of IHG. Wyndham &#174; and Baymont Inn & Suites &#174; trademarks are the property of Wyndham Worldwide. Comfort Inn &#174; trademark is the property of Choice Hotels International. The Aloft service name is the property of Starwood. For convenience, the applicable trademark or service mark symbol has been omitted but will be deemed to be included wherever the above-referenced terms are used. 

 -i- 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 General 
 
 We were incorporated in October 2004, as a Maryland corporation, to acquire and develop a diversified portfolio of commercial real estate, including retail, multi-family, industrial, lodging, office and student housing properties, as well as triple-net, single use properties of a similar type, located in the United States and Canada. Our sponsor, Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation, herein referred to as our sponsor, is a subsidiary of The Inland Group, Inc. Various affiliates of our sponsor are involved in our operations. We have entered into property management agreements with Inland American Retail Management LLC, Inland American Office Management LLC, Inland American Industrial Management LLC, Inland American Apartment Management LLC, and Inland American Management Services LLC, affiliates of The Inland Group, Inc., which we refer to collectively as our property managers. We have entered into a business management agreement with Inland American Business Manager & Advisor, Inc., an affiliate of our sponsor, to be our business manager. 
 
 As of December 31, 2009, we had issued a total of 790,233,468 shares, which includes 670,000 shares issued to our sponsor and business manager primarily in respect of acquisition fees. In addition, we sold 65,912,852 shares through our DRP as of December 31, 2009. We had raised a total of approximately $8.5 billion of gross offering proceeds as of December 31, 2009. 
 
 As of December 31, 2009, on a consolidated basis, we owned interests in 713 retail properties (the &#147;retail properties&#148;) containing a total of approximately 16.6 million square feet of retail space, 40 office properties (the &#147;office properties&#148;) containing a total of approximately 10.1 million square feet of office space, 65 industrial properties (the &#147;industrial properties&#148;) containing a total of approximately 15.7 million square feet of industrial space, 99 hotel properties (the lodging properties ) containing a total of 15,121 rooms, 27 multi-family properties (the &#147;multi-family properties&#148;) containing a total of 9,481 units and eight LIP-Holdings LLC (&#147;LIP-H&#148;) properties containing a total of 487,038 square feet. The aggregate purchase price for the properties was $9.7 billion on a consolidated basis. The retail properties, office properties, industrial properties, lodging properties, multi-family properties and LIP-H properties are herein referred to collectively as the &#147;properties&#148;. All of our properties are located within the United States. As of December 31, 2009, the retail properties, the office properties, the industrial properties, the multi-family properties and the LIP-H properties were 93%, 96%, 96%, 84% and 96% leased based on a weighted average basis, respectively. Lodging properties average revenue per available room was $75 and occupancy was 65% for the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 
 Segment Data 
 
 We have six business segments: Office, Retail, Industrial, Lodging, Multi-family and LIP-H. We evaluate segment performance primarily based on net property operations. Net property operations of the segments do not include interest expense, depreciation and amortization, general and administrative expenses, noncontrolling interest expense or interest and other investment income from corporate investments. The non-segmented assets include our cash and cash equivalents, investment in marketable securities, construction in progress, investment in unconsolidated entities and notes receivable. Information related to our business segments for the year 2009 is set forth in Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Customers 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2009, we generated more than 18% of our rental revenue from two tenants, SunTrust Bank and AT&T, Inc. SunTrust Bank leases multiple properties throughout the United States, which collectively generated approximately 10% of our rental revenue for the year ended December 31, 2009. As of December 31, 2009, approximately 8% of our rental revenue was generated by three properties leased to AT&T, Inc. We are not aware of any current tenants who will not be able to pay their contractual rental amounts as they become due whose inability to pay would have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 Tax Status 
 
 We and Minto Builders (Florida), Inc., a majority owned subsidiary, herein referred to as MB REIT, have elected to be taxed as real estate investment trusts, or REITs, under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the Code) beginning with the tax year ended December 31, 2005. Because we and MB REIT qualify for taxation as REITs, we and MB REIT generally will not be subject to federal income tax on taxable income that is distributed to stockholders. If we or MB REIT fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, without the benefit of certain relief provisions, we or MB REIT will be subject to federal and state income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. Even if we and MB REIT qualify for taxation as a REIT, we and MB REIT may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income, property or net worth, respectively, and to Federal income and excise taxes on our or MB REIT's undistributed income. 

 -1- 
 
 Competition 
 
 We are subject to significant competition in seeking real estate investments and tenants. We compete with many third parties engaged in real estate investment activities including other REITs, specialty finance companies, savings and loan associations, banks, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, lenders, hedge funds, governmental bodies and other entities. We also face competition from real estate investment programs, including three REITs, sponsored by our sponsor and its affiliates for retail shopping centers and single tenant net-leased properties that may be suitable for our investment. Some of these competitors, including larger REITs, have substantially greater financial resources than we do and generally may be able to accept more risk. They also may enjoy significant competitive advantages that result from, among other things, a lower cost of capital and enhanced operating efficiencies. 
 
 Employees 
 
 We have 98 full-time individuals employed primarily by our multi-family subsidiaries. Our executive officers do not receive any compensation from us for their services as such officers. Our executive officers are officers of one or more of The Inland Group, Inc.'s affiliated entities, including our business manager, and are compensated by these entities, in part, for their services rendered to us. 
 
 Conflicts of Interest Policies 
 
 Our governing documents require a majority of our directors to be independent. Further, any transactions between The Inland Group, Inc. or its affiliates and us must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 
 
 Beginning on page 3 is a discussion of the risks that we believe are material to investors who purchase or own our common stock. You should consider carefully these risks, together with the other information contained in and incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the descriptions included in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 Compliance with federal, state and local environmental laws has not had a material adverse effect on our business, assets, or results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions, and we do not believe that our existing portfolio will require us to incur material expenditures to comply with these laws and regulations. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 The lodging segment is seasonal in nature, reflecting higher revenue and operating income during the second and third quarters. This seasonality can be expected to cause fluctuations in our net property operations for the lodging segment. All of our other segments are not seasonal in nature. 
 
 Executive Officers 
 
 The following sets forth certain information with regard to our executive officers as of December 31, 2009: 
 
 Robert D. Parks, 66, has been our chairman of the board and director since our formation. 
 
 Brenda G. Gujral, 67, has been our president and director since our formation. 
 
 Roberta S. Matlin, 65, has been our vice president - administration since our formation. 
 
 Lori J. Foust, 45, has been our treasurer since October 2005 and principal financial officer since September 2007. 
 
 Scott W. Wilton, 49, has been our secretary since our formation. 
 
 Jack H. Potts, 40, has been our principal accounting officer since September 2007. 
 
 Access to Company Information 
 
 We electronically file our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The public may read and copy any of the reports that are filed with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at (800)-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. 

 -2- 
 
 We make available, free of charge, by responding to requests addressed to our customer relations group, the Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports on our website, www.inland-american.com. These reports are available as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. 
 
 Certifications 
 
 We have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission the principal executive officer and principal financial officer certifications required pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which are attached as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The occurrence of any of the risks discussed below could have a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Recent disruptions in the financial markets and current economic conditions could adversely affect our ability to service our existing indebtedness, our ability to refinance or secure additional debt financing on attractive terms and the values of our investments. 
 
 The capital and credit markets have been extremely volatile since the fall of 2008. Liquidity in the global credit market has been severely contracted by these market disruptions, making it costly to refinance existing debt. As a result of the ongoing credit market turmoil, we may not be able to refinance the debt maturing in 2010 and 2011 or to obtain new financing on attractive terms. Accordingly, we may be forced to use a greater proportion of our available cash, including proceeds from the offering under our distribution reinvestment plan, to refinance our debt. 
 
 The disruptions in the financial markets and current economic conditions have adversely affected the values of our investments. Turmoil in the capital markets has constrained equity and debt capital available for investment in commercial real estate, resulting in fewer buyers seeking to acquire commercial properties and possible increases in cap rates, which, all things equal, results in lower property values. Further, these current economic conditions have negatively impacted commercial real estate fundamentals, which could have, and in some cases have already had, various negative impacts, including: 
 
 &#183; 
 the values of our investments in commercial properties could decrease below the amounts paid for such investments; 
 
 &#183; 
 the value of collateral securing any loan investment we have made could decrease below the outstanding principal amounts of such loans; 
 
 &#183; 
 revenues from our properties have decreased, and could continue to decrease, due to lower occupancy and rental rates, which may make it more difficult for us to pay distributions or meet our debt service obligations on debt financing; or 
 
 &#183; 
 revenues on the properties and other assets underlying any loan investments we have made could decrease, making it more difficult for borrowers to meet their payment obligations to us. 
 
 There is no assurance that we will be able to continue paying cash distributions or that distributions will increase over time. 
 
 We intend to continue paying regular monthly cash distributions to our stockholders. However, there are many factors that can affect the availability and timing of cash distributions to stockholders such as our ability to buy, and earn positive yields on, real estate assets, the yields on securities of other entities in which we invest, our operating expense levels, as well as many other variables. Actual cash available for distributions may vary substantially from estimates. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue paying distributions at the current level or that the amount of distributions will increase, or not decrease further, over time. Even if we are able to continue paying distributions, the actual amount and timing of distributions is determined by our board of directors in its discretion and typically depends on the amount of funds available for distribution, which depends on items such as current and projected cash requirements and tax considerations. As a result, our distribution rate and payment frequency may vary from time to time. 
 
 Funding distributions from sources other than cash flow from operating activities may negatively impact our ability to sustain or pay distributions. 
 
 If our cash flow from operating activities is not sufficient to fully fund the payment of distributions, the level of our distributions may not be sustainable and some or all of our distributions will be paid from other sources. For example, we may generate cash to pay distributions from financing activities, components of which may include borrowings (including borrowings secured by our assets) in 

 -3- 
 
 anticipation of future operating cash flow. To the extent distributions are paid from financing activities, we will have less money available for other uses, such as cash needed to refinance existing indebtedness, which may negatively impact our ability to achieve our investment objectives. 
 
 In addition, from time to time, our business manager has determined, in its sole discretion, to either forgo or defer a portion of the business management fee to which it is entitled, to ensure that we generated sufficient cash from operating, investing and financing activities to pay distributions while continuing to raise capital and acquire properties. For the year ended December 31, 2009, we paid a business management fee of $39 million, or approximately .38% of our average invested assets on an annual basis, as well as an investment advisory fee of approximately $1.3 million, together which are less than the full 1% fee that the business manager could be paid. There is no assurance that our business manager will forgo or defer any portion of its business management fee in the future, which may affect our ability to pay distributions or result in us having less cash available for other uses. 
 
 An estimated value of our shares of common stock may not exceed the price at which we are offering shares under the distribution reinvestment plan. 
 
 Under rules published by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&#147;FINRA&#148;), registered broker-dealers must disclose in a customer&#146;s account statement an estimated value for a REIT&#146;s securities if the annual report of that REIT discloses a per share estimated value. The FINRA rules prohibit broker-dealers from using a per share estimated value developed from data that is more than eighteen months old. We are currently evaluating the method that we will use to assist broker-dealers with this requirement. Because of the uncertainties in the marketplace generally and the factors described herein, which could continue to impact our results of operations and financial condition, we expect that the future per share estimated value of our shares will be less than the price at which we last offered shares in a primary offering or the price of our shares currently offered through our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 
 Our share repurchase program has been suspended until further notice, therefore reducing the potential liquidity of a stockholder&#146;s investment. 
 
 Our board of directors voted to suspend our share repurchase program until further notice, effective March 30, 2009, therefore eliminating a channel through which stockholders could seek liquidity. 
 
 The failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could reduce the amount of cash we have available to pay distributions and make additional investments. 
 
 We have deposited our cash and cash equivalents in several banking institutions in an attempt to minimize exposure to the failure or takeover of any one of these entities. However, the Federal Insurance Deposit Corporation, or &#147;FDIC,&#148; generally only insures limited amounts per depositor per insured bank. Through 2013, the FDIC is insuring up to $250,000 per depositor per insured bank. At December 31, 2009, we had cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash deposited in interest bearing transaction accounts at certain financial institutions exceeding these federally insured levels. If any of the banking institutions in which we have deposited funds ultimately fails, we may lose our deposits over the federally insured levels. The loss of our deposits could reduce the amount of cash we have available to distribute or invest. 
 
 Stockholders&#146; interest in us will be diluted if we issue additional shares. 
 
 Stockholders do not have preemptive rights to any shares issued by us in the future. Our articles authorize us to issue up to 1.5 billion shares of capital stock, of which 1.46 billion shares are designated as common stock and 40 million are designated as preferred stock. Future issuances of common stock, including issuances through the DRP, will reduce the percentage of our shares owned by our current stockholders who do not participate in future stock issuances. Stockholders generally will not be entitled to vote on whether or not we issue additional shares. In addition, depending on the terms and pricing of an additional offering of our shares and the value of our properties, our stockholders may experience dilution in both the book value and fair value of their shares. Further, our board could authorize the issuance of stock with terms and conditions that could subordinate the rights of the holders of our current common stock or have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control in us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a premium price for our stockholders. 
 
 Stockholders&#146; returns may be reduced if we are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 We are not registered, and do not intend to register our company or any of our subsidiaries, as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the &#147;Investment Company Act&#148;). If we become obligated to register our company or any of our subsidiaries as an investment company, the registered entity would have to comply with a variety of substantive requirements under the Investment Company Act imposing, among other things: 
 
 &#183; 
 limitations on capital structure; 
 
 &#183; 
 restrictions on specified investments; 

 -4- 

 &#183; 
 prohibitions on transactions with affiliates; and 
 
 &#183; 
 compliance with reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy disclosure and other rules and regulations that would significantly change our operations. 
 
 We intend to continue to conduct our operations, directly and through wholly or majority-owned subsidiaries, so that we and each of our subsidiaries continue to be exempt from registration as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, a company is not deemed to be an &#147;investment company&#148; if it neither is, nor holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, nor proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act, a company is not deemed to be an &#147;investment company&#148; if it neither is engaged, nor proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and does not own or propose to acquire &#147;investment securities&#148; having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets on an unconsolidated basis, which we refer to as the &#147;40% test.&#148; 
 
 We believe that we and most, if not all, of our wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries are not considered investment companies under either Section 3(a)(1)(A) or Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act. In the event that the company or any of its wholly or majority-owned subsidiaries would ever inadvertently fall within one of the definitions of &#147;investment company,&#148; we intend to rely on the exception provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act. 
 
 Under Section 3(c)(5)(C), the SEC staff generally requires us to maintain at least 55% of our assets directly in qualifying assets to qualify for this exception. Mortgage-backed securities may or may not constitute such qualifying assets, depending on the characteristics of the mortgage-backed securities, including the rights that we have with respect to the underlying loans. Our ownership of mortgage-backed securities, therefore, is limited by provisions of the Investment Company Act and SEC staff interpretations. 
 
 The method we use to classify our assets for purposes of the Investment Company Act is based in large measure upon no-action positions taken by the SEC staff in the past. These no-action positions were issued in accordance with factual situations that may be substantially different from the factual situations we may face, and a number of these no-action positions were issued more than ten years ago. No assurance can be given that the SEC staff will concur with our classification of our assets. In addition, the SEC staff may, in the future, issue further guidance that may require us to re-classify our assets for purposes of qualifying for exemption from regulation under the Investment Company Act. If we are required to re-classify our assets, we may no longer be in compliance with the exclusion from the definition of an &#147;investment company&#148; provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act. 
 
 A change in the value of any of our assets could cause us to fall within the definition of &#147;investment company&#148; and negatively affect our ability to maintain our exemption from regulation under the Investment Company Act. To avoid being required to register our company or any of our subsidiaries as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be unable to sell assets we would otherwise want to sell and may need to sell assets we would otherwise wish to retain. In addition, we may have to acquire additional income- or loss-generating assets that we might not otherwise have acquired or may have to forgo opportunities to acquire interests in companies that we would otherwise want to acquire and would be important to our investment strategy. 
 
 If we were required to register the company as an investment company but failed to do so, we would be prohibited from engaging in our business, and criminal and civil actions could be brought against us. In addition, our contracts would be unenforceable unless a court required enforcement, and a court could appoint a receiver to take control of us and liquidate our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate 
 
 There are inherent risks with real estate investments. 
 
 Investments in real estate assets are subject to varying degrees of risk. For example, an investment in real estate cannot generally be quickly converted to cash, limiting our ability to promptly vary our portfolio in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions. Investments in real estate assets also are subject to adverse changes in general economic conditions which, for example, reduce the demand for rental space. Other factors also affect the value of real estate assets, including: 
 
 &#183; 
 federal, state or local regulations and controls affecting rents, zoning, prices of goods, fuel and energy consumption, water and environmental restrictions; 
 
 &#183; 
 the attractiveness of a property to tenants; and 
 
 &#183; 
 labor and material costs. 
 
 Further, our investments may not generate revenues sufficient to meet operating expenses. 

 -5- 
 
 We are directly affected by general economic and regulatory factors that impact real estate investments. 
 
 Because we invest primarily in commercial real estate, we are impacted by general economic and regulatory factors impacting real estate investments. These factors are generally outside of our control. Among the factors that could impact our real estate assets and the value of an investment in us are: 
 
 &#183; 
 local conditions such as an oversupply of space or reduced demand for real estate assets of the type that we own or seek to acquire, including, with respect to our lodging facilities, quick changes in supply of and demand for rooms that are rented or leased on a day-to-day basis; 
 
 &#183; 
 inability to collect rent from tenants; 
 
 &#183; 
 vacancies or inability to rent space on favorable terms; 
 
 &#183; 
 inflation and other increases in operating costs, including insurance premiums, utilities and real estate taxes; 
 
 &#183; 
 increases in energy costs or airline fares or terrorist incidents which impact the propensity of people to travel and therefore impact revenues from our lodging facilities, although operating costs cannot be adjusted as quickly; 
 
 &#183; 
 adverse changes in the laws and regulations applicable to us; 
 
 &#183; 
 the relative illiquidity of real estate investments; 
 
 &#183; 
 changing market demographics; 
 
 &#183; 
 an inability to acquire and finance, or refinance, properties on favorable terms; 
 
 &#183; 
 acts of God, such as earthquakes, floods or other uninsured losses; and 
 
 &#183; 
 changes or increases in interest rates and availability of permanent mortgage funds. 
 
 In addition, periods of economic slowdown or recession, or declining demand for real estate, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, could result in a general decline in rents or increased defaults under existing leases. 
 
 Increasing vacancy rates for certain classes of real estate assets resulting from the recent economic downturn and disruption in the financial markets could adversely affect the value of our assets. 
 
 Recent disruptions in the financial markets and deteriorating economic conditions have resulted in a trend toward increasing vacancy rates for certain classes of commercial property, including office, retail and industrial properties, due to increased tenant delinquencies and defaults under leases, generally lower demand for rentable space, as well as potential oversupply of rentable space. Business failures and downsizings have led to reduced demand for office and industrial space and reduced consumer demand for retail products and services, which has led to reduced demand for retail space. Reduced demand for commercial properties such as retail, office and industrial space could require us to increase concessions, tenant improvement expenditures or reduce rental rates to maintain occupancies beyond those anticipated at the time we acquired the properties. The continuation of disruptions in the financial markets and deteriorating economic conditions could impact certain of our properties, and these properties could experience higher levels of vacancies than anticipated at the time of our acquisition. The value of our real estate assets could decrease below the amounts we paid for them. Revenues from properties could decrease due to lower occupancy rates, reduced rental rates and potential increases in uncollectible rent. Additionally, we will incur expenses, such as for maintenance costs, insurances costs and property taxes, even though a property is vacant. The longer the period of significant vacancies for a property, the greater the potential negative impact on our revenues and results of operations. 
 
 Current economic conditions may adversely affect the lodging industry, and thus our lodging segment. 
 
 The performance of the lodging industry has historically been closely linked to the performance of the general economy and, specifically, growth in U.S. GDP. It is also sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels. Declines in corporate travel budgets and consumer demand due to adverse general economic conditions, such as declines in U.S. GDP, risks affecting or reducing travel patterns, lower consumer confidence or adverse political conditions have lowered, and may continue to lower, the revenues and profitability of our hotel properties and therefore the net operating profits of the lessees to whom we lease our hotel properties. The current global economic downturn has led to a significant decline in demand for products and services provided by the lodging industry, lower occupancy levels and significantly reduced room rates. We anticipate that recovery of demand for products and services provided by the lodging industry will lag improvement in economic conditions. We cannot predict how severe or prolonged the global economic downturn will be or how severe or prolonged the lodging industry downturn will be. A further extended period of economic weakness will have an adverse impact on revenues from our lodging segment. 

 -6- 

 We depend on tenants for the majority of our revenue, and lease terminations or the exercise of any co-tenancy rights could have an adverse effect. 
 
 Defaults on lease payment obligations by our tenants would cause us to lose the revenue associated with that lease and require us to find an alternative source of revenue to pay our mortgage indebtedness and prevent a foreclosure action. If a tenant defaults, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as a landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment. We would face increased difficulties with respect to a lease containing co-tenancy provisions where a failure by one tenant gives another tenant the right to abate minimum rent, reduce its share or the amount of its payments of common area operating expenses and property taxes or cancel its lease. In addition, if a tenant at one of our &#147;single-user facilities,&#148; properties designed or built primarily for a particular tenant or a specific type of use, fails to renew its lease or defaults on its lease obligations, we may not be able to readily market a single-user facility to a new tenant without making substantial capital improvements or incurring other significant re-leasing costs. 
 
 We may suffer adverse consequences due to the financial difficulties, bankruptcy or insolvency of our tenants. 
 
 The current economic conditions have caused, and may continue to cause, our tenants to experience financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, insolvency or a general downturn in their business. The retail sector in particular has been affected by economic conditions, resulting in some retailers declaring bankruptcy or closing their stores. We cannot provide assurance that any tenant that files for bankruptcy protection will continue to pay us rent. A bankruptcy filing by or relating to one of our tenants or a lease guarantor would bar efforts by us to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from that tenant or lease guarantor, or its property, unless we receive an order permitting us to do so from the bankruptcy court. In addition, we cannot evict a tenant solely because of bankruptcy. The bankruptcy of a tenant or lease guarantor could delay our efforts to collect past due balances under the relevant leases, and could ultimately preclude collection of these sums. If a lease is assumed by the tenant in bankruptcy, all pre-bankruptcy balances due under the lease must be paid to us in full. If, however, a lease is rejected by a tenant in bankruptcy, we would have only a general, unsecured claim for damages. An unsecured claim would only be paid to the extent that funds are available and only in the same percentage as is paid to all other holders of general, unsecured claims. Restrictions under the bankruptcy laws further limit the amount of any other claims that we can make if a lease is rejected. As a result, it is likely that we would recover substantially less than the full value of the remaining rent during the term. 
 
 We may be unable to secure funds for future tenant improvements. 
 
 We may be required to expend substantial funds to improve leasable space either to maintain existing tenants or to attract new tenants. Although we have established reserves for capital improvements, these reserves may not be sufficient, thus requiring us to seek funds from other sources. We cannot assure you that sufficient financing will be available or, if available, will be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Moreover, certain reserves required by lenders may be designated for specific uses and may not be available to use for tenant improvements. Additional borrowing for capital improvements will increase our interest expense. Failure to make these improvements could have a material adverse effect on the value of the impacted properties and the revenues generated by those properties. 
 
 Delays in locating suitable investments could adversely affect the return on a stockholder&#146;s investment. 
 
 Even if we are able to access sufficient capital, we may suffer from delays in deploying the capital into properties or other real estate assets. Delays may occur, for example, as a result of our relying on our business manager and its affiliates, including Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc., or &#147;IREA,&#148; to identify these opportunities given that these entities are simultaneously seeking to locate suitable investments for other programs sponsored by our sponsor. Delays in selecting, acquiring and developing real estate assets could adversely affect investor returns. In addition, when we acquire a property prior to the start of construction or during the early stages of construction, it typically takes several months to complete construction and rent available space. Further, we also may experience delays as a result negotiating or obtaining the necessary purchase documentation to close an acquisition. 
 
 We may be restricted from re-leasing space. 
 
 In the case of leases with retail tenants, the majority of the leases contain provisions giving the particular tenant the exclusive right to sell particular types of merchandise or provide specific types of services within the particular retail center. These provisions may limit the number and types of prospective tenants interested in leasing space in a particular retail property. 
 
 Two of our tenants generated a significant portion of our revenue, and rental payment defaults by these significant tenants could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2009, approximately 10% of our rental revenue was generated by over 400 retail banking properties leased to SunTrust Bank. Also, as of December 31, 2009, approximately 8% of our rental revenue was generated by three properties leased to AT&T, Inc. As a result of the concentration of revenue generated from these properties, if either SunTrust or AT&T were to cease paying rent or fulfilling its other monetary obligations, we could have significantly reduced rental revenues or higher expenses until the defaults were cured or the properties were leased to a new tenant or tenants. 

 -7- 

 Geographic concentration of our portfolio may make us particularly susceptible to adverse economic developments in the real estate markets of those areas or natural disasters in those areas. 
 
 In the event that we have a concentration of properties in a particular geographic area, and lack a geographically diversified portfolio, our operating results are likely to be impacted by economic changes affecting the real estate markets in that area. As of December 31, 2009, approximately 4%, 4%, 5%, 8% and 10% of our base rental income of our consolidated portfolio, excluding our lodging facilities, was generated by properties located in the Dallas, Washington, D.C., Minneapolis, Chicago and Houston metropolitan areas, respectively. 
 
 Additionally, at December 31, 2009, thirty-nine of our lodging facilities, or approximately 39% of our lodging portfolio, were located in the eight eastern seaboard states ranging from Connecticut to Florida, including thirteen hotels located in North Carolina. Adverse events in these areas, such as recessions, hurricanes or other natural disasters, could cause a loss of revenues from these hotels. Further, several of the hotels are located near the Atlantic Ocean and are exposed to more severe weather than hotels located inland. Elements such as salt water and humidity can increase or accelerate wear on the hotels&#146; weatherproofing and mechanical, electrical and other systems, and cause mold issues. As a result, we may incur additional operating costs and expenditures for capital improvements at these hotels. This geographic concentration also exposes us to risks of oversupply and competition in these markets. Significant increases in the supply of certain property types, including hotels, without corresponding increases in demand could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our ability to pay distributions. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must rely on third parties to operate our hotels. 
 
 To continue qualifying as a REIT, we may not, among other things, operate any hotel, or directly participate in the decisions affecting the daily operations of any hotel. Thus, we have retained third party managers to operate our hotel properties. We do not have the authority to directly control any particular aspect of the daily operations of any hotel, such as setting room rates. Thus, even if we believe our hotels are being operated in an inefficient or sub-optimal manner, we may not be able to require an immediate change to the method of operation. Our only alternative for changing the operation of our hotels may be to replace the third party manager of one or more hotels in situations where the applicable management agreement permits us to terminate the existing manager. Certain of these agreements may not be terminated without cause, which generally includes fraud, misrepresentation and other illegal acts. Even if we terminate or replace any manager, there is no assurance that we will be able to find another manager or that we will be able to enter into new management agreements favorable to us. Any change of hotel management would cause a disruption in operations. 
 
 Conditions of franchise agreements could adversely affect us. 
 
 Our lodging properties are operated under franchises with nationally recognized franchisors including Marriott International, Inc., Hilton Hotels Corporation, Intercontinental Hotels Group PLC, Hyatt Corporation, Wyndham Worldwide Corporation and Choice Hotels International. These agreements generally contain specific standards for, and restrictions and limitations on, the operation and maintenance of a hotel in order to maintain uniformity within the franchisor&#146;s system. These standards are subject to change over time, in some cases at the discretion of the franchisor, and may restrict our ability to make improvements or modifications to a hotel without the consent of the franchisor. Conversely, these standards may require us to make certain improvements or modifications to a hotel, even if we do not believe the capital improvements are necessary or desirable or will result in an acceptable return on our investment. Compliance with these standards could require us to incur significant expenses or capital expenditures. 
 
 These agreements also permit the franchisor to terminate the agreement in certain cases such as a failure to pay royalties and fees or perform our other covenants under the franchise agreement, bankruptcy, abandonment of the franchise, commission of a felony, assignment of the franchise without the consent of the franchisor or failure to comply with applicable law or maintain applicable standards in the operation and condition of the relevant hotel. If a franchise license terminates due to our failure to make required improvements or to otherwise comply with its terms, we may be liable to the franchisor for a termination payment. These payments vary. Also, these franchise agreements do not renew automatically. We received notice from a franchisor that the franchise license agreement for one hotel, consisting of 129 rooms, which expires in November 2010, will not be renewed. 
 
 Actions of our joint venture partners could negatively impact our performance. 
 
 As of December 31, 2009, we had entered into joint venture agreements with sixteen entities to fund the development or acquisition of office, industrial/distribution, retail, lodging, healthcare and mixed use properties. The balance of our investment in these joint ventures, which we do not consolidate for financial reporting purposes, was $453.8 million. For the year ended December 31, 2009, we recorded impairments on these investments in an aggregate amount equal to $7.4 million and recognized losses of $78.5 million. Our joint venture investments may involve risks not otherwise present with other methods of investment in real estate, as our co-member, co-venturer or partner may have economic or business interests or goals which are or which become inconsistent with our business interests or goals or may take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives. We have experienced these events from time to time with our current venture partners, which in some cases has resulted in litigation with these partners. More specifically, we are involved in litigation in respect of our ventures with Lex-Win Concord LLC and affiliates of The Lauth Group, Inc. There can be no assurance that an adverse outcome in these lawsuits, or any future lawsuits, will not have a material 

 -8- 
 
 effect on our results of operations for any particular period. In addition, any litigation increases our expenses and prevents our officers and directors from focusing their time and effort on other aspects of our business. 
 
 Current economic conditions have also increased the risk that our venture partners may become bankrupt, which would mean that we and any other remaining venture partners would generally remain liable for the joint venture&#146;s liabilities, and the risk that that our partners may fail to fund their share of any required capital contributions, which could result in us having to contribute that capital. In addition, our relationships with our venture partners are contractual in nature. These agreements may restrict our ability to sell our interest when we desire or on advantageous terms and, on the other hand, may be terminated or dissolved under the terms of the agreements and, in each event, we may not continue to own or operate the interests or assets underlying the relationship or may need to purchase these interests or assets at an above-market price to continue ownership. 
 
 Current credit market disruptions and recent economic trends may increase the likelihood of a commercial developer defaulting on its obligations with respect to our development projects, including projects where we have notes receivable, or becoming bankrupt or insolvent. 
 
 We have entered into, and may continue to enter into, projects that are in various stages of pre-development and development. Investing in properties under development, and in lodging facilities, which typically must be renovated or otherwise improved on a regular basis, including renovations and improvements required by existing franchise agreements, subjects us to uncertainties such as the ability to achieve desired zoning for development, environmental concerns of governmental entities or community groups, ability to control construction costs or to build in conformity with plans, specifications and timetables. The current economic climate has continued to impact real developments as well. The current and projected slow-down in consumer spending has negatively impacted the retail environment in particular, and is causing many retailers to pull back from new leasing and expansion plans. We believe that our retail developments will experience longer lease-up periods and future leasing will be at leasing rates less than originally underwritten. 
 
 In addition, current economic conditions have caused an increase in developer failures. The developers of the projects in which we have invested are exposed to risks not only with respect to our projects, but also other projects in which they are involved. A default by a developer in respect of one of our development project investments, or the bankruptcy, insolvency or other failure of a developer for one of these projects, may require that we determine whether we want to assume the senior loan, fund monies beyond what we are contractually obligated to fund, take over development of the project, find another developer for the project, or sell our interest in the project. Developer failures could give tenants the right to terminate pre-construction leases, delay efforts to complete or sell the development project and could ultimately preclude us from realizing our anticipated returns. These events could cause a decrease in the value of our assets and compel us to seek additional sources of liquidity, which may or may not be available, in order to hold and complete the development project. 
 
 Generally, under bankruptcy law and our bankruptcy guarantees with our joint venture development partners, we may seek recourse from the developer-guarantor to complete our development project with a substitute developer partner. However, in the event of a bankruptcy by the developer-guarantor, we cannot provide assurance that the developer or its trustee will satisfy its obligations. The bankruptcy of any developer and the rejection of its development obligations would likely cause us to have to complete the development on our own or find a replacement developer, which could result in delays and increased costs. We cannot provide assurance that we would be able to complete the development on terms as favorable as when we first entered into the project. If we are not able to, or elected not to, proceed with a development opportunity, the development costs ordinarily would be charged against income for the then-current period if we determine our costs are not recoverable. 
 
 Sale leaseback transactions may be recharacterized in a manner unfavorable to us. 
 
 From time to time we have entered into a sale leaseback transaction where we purchase a property and then lease the property to the seller. These transactions could, however, be characterized as a financing instead of a sale in the case of the seller&#146;s bankruptcy. In this case, we would not be treated as the owner of the property but rather as a creditor with no interest in the property itself. The seller may have the ability in a bankruptcy proceeding to restructure the financing by imposing new terms and conditions. The transaction also may be recharacterized as a joint venture. In this case, we would be treated as a joint venturer with liability, under some circumstances, for debts incurred by the seller relating to the property. 
 
 We may be unable to sell assets if or when we decide to do so. 
 
 Our ability to sell real estate assets is limited by the provisions governing our continued qualifications as a REIT as well as by many other factors, such as general economic conditions, the availability of financing to the purchaser, interest rates and the supply and demand for the particular asset type. Specifically, as a result of current economic conditions, potential purchasers may be unable to obtain financing on acceptable terms, if at all, thereby delaying our ability to sell our real estate investments. In addition, the capitalization rates at which properties may be sold could rise, thereby reducing our potential proceeds from sale. In addition, if we sell properties by providing financing to purchasers, we will bear the risk of default by the purchaser and may incur significant litigation costs in enforcing our rights against the purchaser. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any real estate asset on favorable terms and conditions, if at all, or the length of time needed to sell an asset. 

 -9- 

 An increase in real estate taxes may decrease our income from properties. 
 
 From time to time, the amount we pay for property taxes increases as either property values increase or assessment rates are adjusted. Increases in a property&#146;s value or in the assessment rate result in an increase in the real estate taxes due on that property. If we are unable to pass the increase in taxes through to our tenants, our net operating income for the property decrease s. 
 
 Uninsured losses or premiums for insurance coverage may adversely affect a stockholder&#146;s returns. 
 
 We attempt to adequately insure all of our properties against casualty losses. There are types of losses, generally catastrophic in nature, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution or environmental matters that are uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may be insured subject to limitations, such as large deductibles or co-payments. Risks associated with potential acts of terrorism could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. Additionally, mortgage lenders sometimes require commercial property owners to purchase specific coverage against terrorism as a condition for providing mortgage loans. These policies may not be available at a reasonable cost, if at all, which could inhibit our ability to finance or refinance our properties. In such instances, we may be required to provide other financial support, either through financial assurances or self-insurance, to cover potential losses. If we incur any casualty losses not fully covered by insurance, the value of our assets will be reduced by the amount of the uninsured loss. In addition, other than any reserves we may establish, we have no source of funding to repair or reconstruct any uninsured damaged property, and we cannot provide assurance that any of these sources of funding will be available to us in the future. 
 
 Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may affect the markets in which we operate, our operations and our profitability. 
 
 We may acquire real estate assets located in areas that are susceptible to attack. These attacks may directly impact the value of our assets through damage, destruction, loss or increased security costs. Although we may obtain terrorism insurance, we may not be able to obtain sufficient coverage to fund any losses we may incur. Risks associated with potential acts of terrorism could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. Further, certain losses resulting from these types of events are uninsurable or not insurable at reasonable costs. 
 
 More generally, any terrorist attack, other act of violence or war, including armed conflicts, could result in increased volatility in, or damage to, the United States and worldwide financial markets and economy. Any terrorist incident may, for example, deter people from traveling, which could affect the ability of our hotels to generate operating income and therefore our ability to pay distributions. Additionally, increased economic volatility could adversely affect our tenants&#146; ability to pay rent on their leases or our ability to borrow money or issue capital stock at acceptable prices. 
 
 The cost of complying with environmental and other governmental laws and regulations may adversely affect us. 
 
 All real property and the operations conducted on real property are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations (including those of foreign jurisdictions) relating to environmental protection and human health and safety. These laws and regulations generally govern wastewater discharges, air emissions, the operation and removal of underground and above-ground storage tanks, the use, storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of solid and hazardous materials, and the remediation of contamination associated with disposals. We also are required to comply with various local, state and federal fire, health, life-safety and similar regulations. Some of these laws and regulations may impose joint and several liability on tenants or owners for the costs of investigating or remediating contaminated properties. These laws and regulations often impose liability whether or not the owner knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. The cost of removing or remediating could be substantial. In addition, the presence of these substances, or the failure to properly remediate these substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell or rent a property or to use the property as collateral for borrowing. 
 
 Environmental laws and regulations also may impose restrictions on the manner in which properties may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures by us. Environmental laws and regulations provide for sanctions in the event of noncompliance and may be enforced by governmental agencies or, in certain circumstances, by private parties. Third parties may seek recovery from owners of real properties for personal injury or property damage associated with exposure to released hazardous substances. Compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretations of existing laws may require material expenditures by us. For example, various federal, regional and state laws and regulations have been implemented or are under consideration to mitigate the effects of climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions. Among other things, &#147;green&#148; building codes may seek to reduce emissions through the imposition of standards for design, construction materials, water and energy usage and efficiency, and waste management. We are not aware of any such existing requirements that we believe will have a material impact on our current operations. However, future requirements could increase the costs of maintaining or improving our existing properties or developing new properties. 

 -10- 
 
 Our properties may contain or develop harmful mold, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs of remediating the problem. 
 
 The presence of mold at any of our properties could require us to undertake a costly program to remediate, contain or remove the mold. Mold growth may occur when moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Concern about indoor exposure to mold has been increasing because exposure to mold may cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. The presence of mold could expose us to liability from our tenants, their employees and others if property damage or health concerns arise. 
 
 We may incur significant costs to comply with the Americans With Disabilities Act. 
 
 Investment in real estate assets also may be subject to the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended. Under this act, all places of public accommodation are required to comply with federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. The act has separate compliance requirements for &#147;public accommodations&#148; and &#147;commercial facilities&#148; that generally require that buildings and services be made accessible and available to people with disabilities. The act&#146;s requirements could require us to remove access barriers and could result in the imposition of injunctive relief, monetary penalties or, in s ome cases, an award of damages. 
 
 We may have increased exposure to liabilities as a result of any participation by us in Section 1031 Exchange Transactions. 
 
 We may enter into transactions that qualify for like-kind exchange treatment under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code (a &#147;1031 Exchange Transaction&#148;). Real estate acquired through a 1031 Exchange Transaction is commonly structured as the acquisition of real estate owned in co-tenancy arrangements with persons (&#147;1031 Participants&#148;) in tax pass-through entities, including single-member limited liability companies or similar entities. Changes in tax laws may adversely affect 1031 Exchange Transactions. Owning co-tenancy interests involves risks generally not otherwise present with an investment in real estate such as: 
 
 &#183; 
 the risk that a co-tenant may at any time have economic or business interests or goals that are or that become inconsistent with our business interests or goals; 
 
 &#183; 
 the risk that a co-tenant may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives; or 
 
 &#183; 
 the possibility that a co-tenant might become insolvent or bankrupt, which may be an event of default under mortgage loan financing documents or allow a bankruptcy court to reject the tenants in common agreement or management agreement entered into by the co-tenants owning interests in the property. 
 
 If our interests become adverse to those of the other co-tenants in a 1031 Exchange Transaction, we may not have the contractual right to purchase the co-tenancy interests from the other co-tenants. Even if we are given the opportunity to purchase the co-tenancy interests, we cannot guarantee that we will have sufficient funds available to complete a purchase. 
 
 In addition, we may desire to sell our co-tenancy interests in a given property at a time when the other co-tenants do not desire to sell their interests. Therefore, we may not be able to sell our interest in a property at the time we would like to sell. We also expect it to be more difficult to find a willing buyer for our co-tenancy interests in a property than it would be to find a buyer for a property we owned outright. Further, agreements that contain obligations to acquire unsold co-tenancy interests in properties may be viewed by institutional lenders as a contingent liability against our cash or other assets, limiting our ability to borrow funds in the future. 
 
 Risks Related to Investments in Other Real Estate Assets 
 
 Our investments in equity and debt securities have materially impacted, and may in the future materially, impact our results. 
 
 We have invested, and may continue to invest, in real estate related securities of both publicly traded and private real estate companies. Real estate related equity securities are always unsecured and subordinated to other obligations of the issuer. Investments in real estate related equity securities are subject to risks of: (1) limited liquidity in the secondary trading market in the case of unlisted or thinly traded securities; (2) substantial market price volatility resulting from changes in prevailing interest rates in the case of traded equity securities; (3) subordination to the liabilities of the entity; (4) the operation of mandatory sinking fund or call/redemption provisions during periods of declining interest rates that could cause the issuer to redeem the securities; and (5) the possibility that earnings of the issuer may be insufficient to meet its debt service and distribution obligations. In addition, investments in real estate related securities will involve special risks relating to the particular issuer of the securities, including the financial condition and business outlook of the issuer. Issuers of real estate related securities generally invest in real estate or real estate related assets and are subject to the inherent risks associated with real estate related investments. 
 
 As of December 31, 2009, we had investments valued at $217.1 million in real estate related equity and debt securities. Many of the entities that we have invested in have reduced the dividends paid on their stocks. The stock prices for these entities have declined 

 -11- 
 
 since our initial purchase. There is no assurance that the stock market in general, and the market for REIT stocks, in particular, will improve in the near future. 
 
 Recent market conditions and the risk of continued market deterioration may reduce the value of any real estate related securities in which we may invest. 
 
 Recently the U.S. credit markets and the residential mortgage market have experienced severe dislocations and liquidity disruptions. Mortgage loans have experienced increasing rates of delinquency, foreclosure and loss. These and other related events have had a significant impact on the capital markets associated not only with mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and collateralized debt obligations, but also with the U.S. credit and financial markets as a whole. 
 
 Our investments in real estate related securities, including commercial mortgage-backed securities, sometimes referred to herein as &#147;CMBS,&#148; expose us to the volatility of the credit markets. Turmoil in the credit market may continue to have a material adverse effect on the value of our securities portfolio. 
 
 Because there may be significant uncertainty in the valuation of, or in the stability of the value of, securities holdings, the fair values of these investments might not reflect the prices that we would obtain if we sold these investments. Furthermore, due to the recent market events, these investments are subject to rapid changes in value caused by sudden developments that could have a material adverse affect on the value of these investments. 
 
 To the extent that these volatile market conditions persist or deteriorate, they have and may continue to negatively impact our ability to both acquire and potentially sell our real estate related securities holdings at a price and with terms acceptable to us, and, as noted above, we may be required to recognize additional impairment charges or unrealized losses. 
 
 We have invested in commercial mortgage-backed securities, which may increase our exposure to credit and interest rate risk. 
 
 We have invested, and may continue to invest, in commercial mortgage-backed securities, which may increase our exposure to credit and interest rate risk. In this context, credit risk is the risk that borrowers will default on the mortgages underlying the commercial mortgage-backed securities. Interest rate risk occurs as prevailing market interest rates change relative to the current yield on the commercial mortgage-backed securities. For example, when interest rates fall, borrowers are more likely to prepay their existing mortgages to take advantage of the lower cost of financing. As prepayments occur, principal is returned to the holders of the commercial mortgage-backed securities sooner than expected, thereby lowering the effective yield on the investment. On the other hand, when interest rates rise, borrowers are more likely to maintain their existing mortgages. As a result, prepayments decrease, thereby extending the average maturity of the mortgages underlying the commercial mortgage-backed securities. We may be unable to manage these risks. 
 
 Any mortgage loans that we originate or purchase are subject to the risks of delinquency and foreclosure. 
 
 We may originate and purchase mortgage loans, including indirectly through our lodging subsidiaries. These loans are subject to risks of delinquency and foreclosure, and risks of loss. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by an income-producing property depends primarily upon the successful operation of the property rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of the borrower. If the net operating income of the property is reduced, the borrower&#146;s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. A property&#146;s net operating income can be affected by, among other things: 
 
 &#183; 
 increased costs, including, with respect to our lodging facilities, added costs imposed by franchisors for improvements or operating changes required, from time to time, under the franchise agreements; 
 
 &#183; 
 poor property management decisions; 
 
 &#183; 
 property location and condition; 
 
 &#183; 
 competition from comparable types of properties; 
 
 &#183; 
 changes in specific industry segments; 
 
 &#183; 
 declines in regional or local real estate values, or occupancy rates; and 
 
 &#183; 
 increases in interest rates, real estate tax rates and other operating expenses. 
 
 We bear the risks of loss of principal to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the principal and accrued interest of the mortgage loan. In the event of the bankruptcy of a mortgage loan borrower, the mortgage loan to that borrower will be deemed to be collateralized only to the extent of the value of the underlying collateral at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the lien securing the mortgage loan will be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor- 

 -12- 
 
 in-possession to the extent the lien is unenforceable under state law. Foreclosure of a mortgage loan can be an expensive and lengthy process that could have a substantial negative effect on our anticipated return on the foreclosed mortgage loan. We may also be forced to foreclose on certain properties, be unable to sell these properties and be forced to incur substantial expenses to improve operations at the property. 
 
 We may make a mortgage loan to affiliates of, or entities sponsored by, our sponsor. 
 
 If we have excess working capital, we may, from time to time, and subject to the conditions in our articles, make a mortgage loan to affiliates of, or entities sponsored by, our sponsor. These loan arrangements will not be negotiated at arm&#146;s length and may contain terms and conditions that are not in our best interest and would not otherwise be applicable if we entered into arrangements with a third-party borrower not affiliated with these entities. 
 
 Risks Associated with Debt Financing 
 
 Borrowings may reduce the funds available for distribution and increase the risk of loss since defaults may cause us to lose the properties securing the loans. 
 
 In some instances, we acquire real estate assets by using either existing financing or borrowing new monies. Our articles generally limit the total amount we may borrow to 300% of our net assets. In addition, we may obtain loans secured by some or all of our properties or other assets to fund additional acquisitions or operations including to satisfy the requirement that we distribute at least 90% of our annual &#147;REIT taxable income&#148; (subject to certain adjustments) to our stockholders, or as is otherwise necessary or advisable to assure that we continue to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Payments required on any amounts we borrow reduce the funds available for, among other things, distributions to our stockholders because cash otherwise available for distribution is required to pay principal and interest associated with amounts we borrow. 
 
 Defaults on loans secured by a property we own may result in us losing the property or properties securing the loan that is in default as a result of foreclosure actions initiated by a lender. For tax purposes, a foreclosure would be treated as a sale of the property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the property. If the outstanding balance of the debt exceeds our tax basis in the property, we would recognize taxable gain on the foreclosure but would not receive any cash proceeds. We also may fully or partially guarantee any monies that subsidiaries borrow to purchase or operate real estate assets. In these cases, we will be responsible to the lender for repaying the loans if the subsidiary is unable to do so. If any mortgage contains cross-collateralization or cross-default provisions, more than one propert y may be affected by a default. 
 
 Lenders may restrict certain aspects of our operations, which could, among other things, limit our ability to make distributions. 
 
 The terms and conditions contained in any of our loan documents may require us to maintain cash reserves, limit the aggregate amount we may borrow on a secured and unsecured basis, require us to satisfy restrictive financial covenants, prevent us from entering into certain business transactions, such as a merger, sale of assets or other business combination, restrict our leasing operations or require us to obtain consent from the lender to complete transactions or make investments that are ordinarily approved only by our board of directors. In addition, secured lenders typically restrict our ability to discontinue insurance coverage on a mortgaged property even though we may believe that the insurance premiums paid to insure against certain losses, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution or environmental matters, are greater t han the potential risk of loss. 
 
 Interest-only indebtedness may increase our risk of default. 
 
 We have financed, and may continue to finance, our property acquisitions or any re-financings using interest-only mortgage indebtedness. During the interest only period, the amount of each scheduled payment is less than that of a traditional amortizing mortgage loan. The principal balance of the mortgage loan will not be reduced (except in the case of prepayments) because there are no scheduled monthly payments of principal during this period. After the interest-only period, we will be required either to make scheduled payments of amortized principal and interest or to make a lump-sum or &#147;balloon&#148; payment at maturity. These required principal or balloon payments will increase the amount of our scheduled payments and may increase our risk of default under the related mortgage loan and will reduce the funds available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 Increases in interest rates could increase the amount of our debt payments. 
 
 We have borrowed money that bears interest at variable rates. To date, we have effectively converted some of our variable rate debt into fixed rate debt through the use of swap agreements. Increased payments will reduce the funds available for other needs, including distribution to our stockholders, because cash otherwise available for distribution will be required to pay increased interest costs. In addition, if rising interest rates cause us to need additional capital to repay indebtedness, we may be forced to sell one or more of our properties or investments in real estate at times which may not permit us to realize the return on the investments we would have otherwise realized. 

 -13- 
 
 To hedge against interest rate fluctuations, we use derivative financial instruments, which may be costly and ineffective. 
 
 From time to time, we use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on certain loans secured by our assets. Our derivative instruments currently consist of interest rate swap contracts but may, in the future, include, interest rate cap or floor contracts, futures or forward contracts, options or repurchase agreements. Our actual hedging decisions are determined in light of the facts and circumstances existing at the time of the hedge and may differ from our currently anticipated hedging strategy. There is no assurance that our hedging strategy will achieve our objectives. We may be subject to costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs, if we terminate these arrangements. 
 
 To the extent that we use derivative financial instruments to hedge against interest rate fluctuations, we are exposed to credit risk, basis risk and legal enforceability risks. In this context, credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. Basis risk occurs when the index upon which the contract is based is more or less variable than the index upon which the hedged asset or liability is based, thereby making the hedge less effective. Finally, legal enforceability risks encompass general contractual risks including the risk that the counterparty will breach the terms of, or fail to perform its obligations under, the derivative contract. As a result of the global credit crisis, there is a risk that counterparties could fail, shut down, file for bankruptcy or be unable to pay out contracts. The failure of a counterparty that holds collateral that we post in connection with certain interest rate swap agreements could result in the loss of that collateral. 
 
 Hedging instruments often are not traded on regulated exchanges, guaranteed by an exchange or its clearing house, or regulated by any U.S. or foreign governmental authorities and involve risks of default by the hedging counterparty and illiquidity. 
 
 Hedging instruments involve risk since they often are not traded on regulated exchanges, guaranteed by an exchange or its clearinghouse, or regulated by any U.S. or foreign governmental authorities. Consequently, there are no requirements with respect to record keeping, financial responsibility or segregation of customer funds and positions. Furthermore, the enforceability of agreements underlying derivative transactions may depend on compliance with applicable statutory and commodity and other regulatory requirements and, depending on the identity of the counterparty, applicable international requirements. The business failure of a hedging counterparty with whom we enter into a hedging transaction will most likely result in a default. Default by a party with whom we enter into a hedging transaction may result in the loss of unrealized profits and force us to cover our resale commitments, if any, at the then current market price. Although generally we will seek to reserve the right to terminate our hedging positions, it may not always be possible to dispose of or close out a hedging position without the consent of the hedging counterparty, and we may not be able to enter into an offsetting contract to cover our risk. We cannot provide assurance that a liquid secondary market will exist for hedging instruments purchased or sold, and we may be required to maintain a position until exercise or expiration, which could result in losses. 
 
 We may be contractually obligated to purchase property even if we are unable to secure financing for the acquisition. 
 
 We typically finance a portion of the purchase price for each property that we acquire. However, to ensure that our offers are as competitive as possible, we generally do not enter into contracts to purchase property that include financing contingencies. Thus, we may be contractually obligated to purchase a property even if we are unable to secure financing for the acquisition. In this event, we may choose to close on the property by using cash on hand, which would result in less cash available for our operations and distributions to stockholders. Alternatively, we may choose not to close on the acquisition of the property and default on the purchase contract. If we default on any purchase contract, we could lose our earnest money and become subject to liquidated or other contractual damages and remedies. 
 
 Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest 
 
 There are conflicts of interest between us and affiliates of our sponsor that may affect our acquisition of properties and financial performance. 
 
 Our operation and management may be influenced or affected by conflicts of interest arising out of our relationship with entities sponsored by our sponsor. Specifically, our sponsor recently formed a new REIT, Inland Diversified Real Estate Trust, Inc., which relies on an affiliate of our business manager to serve as its business manager. Inland Diversified invests in the same broad range of asset types as us. As a result, we are seeking to buy properties and other real estate assets at the same time as Inland Diversified. The resolution of conflicts in favor of Inland Diversified and any other entities sponsored by our sponsor could result in us losing investment opportunities, losing tenants or suffering from delays in locating replacement tenants. 
 
 We do not have our own acquisition group. 
 
 Except for the persons employed by our student housing subsidiaries, we do not employ directly any persons responsible for identifying and acquiring properties or other real estate assets. Instead, we rely on entities affiliated with our sponsor such as IREA and Inland Institutional Capital Partners Corporation to identify and acquire other real estate assets. Other entities formed and organized by our sponsor likewise utilize these entities to identify and acquire real estate assets, including the type of assets that we seek to acquire. IREA is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of The Inland Group, Inc. Mr. Parks is a director of The Inland Group and 

 -14- 
 
 Mr. Parks and Ms. Gujral are both directors of our sponsor and two of the other REITs formed and organized by our sponsor. Under the property acquisition agreement we have entered into with IREA, we have been granted certain rights to acquire all properties, REITs or real estate operating companies IREA identifies, acquires or obtains the right to acquire. This right is subject to prior rights granted by IREA to other REITs formed and organized by our sponsor, which grant these entities rights superior to ours to acquire neighborhood retail facilities, community centers or single-user properties located throughout the United States. The agreement with IREA may result in a property being offered to another entity, even though we may also be interested in, and have the ability to acquire, the subject property. 
 
 We do not have arm&#146;s-length agreements with our business manager, property managers or any other affiliates of our sponsor. 
 
 None of the agreements and arrangements with our business manager, property managers and other affiliates of our sponsor were negotiated at arm&#146;s length. These agreements may contain terms and conditions that would not otherwise be applicable if we entered into arm&#146;s-length agreements with third parties. 
 
 Our business manager receives fees based upon our invested assets and, in certain cases, the purchase price for these assets, and may recommend that we make investments in an attempt to increase its fees. 
 
 Our business manager receives fees based on the aggregate book value, including acquired intangibles, of our invested assets and on the purchase price paid to acquire controlling interests in REITs or other real estate operating companies. The book value of our assets includes amounts borrowed to acquire these assets. Also, we will pay our business manager a fee each time we acquire a REIT or other real estate operating company and an affiliate of our business manager receives fees for managing our portfolio of marketable securities. Our business manager may, therefore: (1) borrow more money than prudent to increase the amount we can invest; (2) retain instead of sell assets; or (3) avoid reducing the carrying value of assets that may otherwise be viewed as impaired. Further, because we will pay our business manager a fee when we acquire a controlling interest in a REIT or other real estate operating company but not a fee interest in real estate, our business manager may focus on, and recommend, acquiring REITs or other real estate operating companies even if fee interests in real estate assets generate better returns. 
 
 We pay significant fees to our business manager, property managers and other affiliates of our sponsor. 
 
 We pay significant fees to our business manager, property managers and other affiliates of our sponsor for services provided to us. In addition, because employees of our business manager are given broad discretion to determine when to consummate a particular real estate transaction, we rely on these persons to dictate the level of our business activity. Fees paid to our business manager, property managers and other affiliates of our sponsor reduce funds available for distribution. We have also issued stock to our business manager in consideration of acquisition fees earned by the business manager and may do so again in the future. These issuances have the effect of reducing the percentage of our outstanding shares owned by our stockholders. 
 
 Our sponsor may face a conflict of interest in allocating personnel and resources between its affiliates, our business manager and property managers. 
 
 We rely on persons employed by our business manager and property managers to manage our day-to-day operations. Some of these individuals, including two of our directors, Ms. Gujral and Mr. Parks, who serve as our president and chairman of the board, respectively, also are employed by our sponsor or its affiliates, and may provide services to one or more other investment programs sponsored by our sponsor. These individuals face competing demands for their time and service and may have conflicts in allocating their time between our business and the business of our sponsor, its affiliates and the other entities formed and organized by our sponsor. These individuals may not be able to devote all of their time and resources to our business even if needed. 
 
 We acquire real estate assets from affiliates of our sponsor in transactions in which the price is not the result of arm&#146;s length negotiations. 
 
 We have acquired real estate assets from affiliates of our sponsor, and may do so in the future. Although the purchase price we paid for the assets was equal to the price paid for the assets by the affiliate plus any costs incurred by the affiliate in acquiring or financing the property or asset, it is possible that we could have negotiated a better price if we had negotiated directly with the seller. 
 
 From time to time, we purchase real estate assets from persons who have prior business relationships with affiliates of our sponsor. Our interests in these transactions may be different from the interests of affiliates in these transactions. 
 
 From time to time, we purchase real estate assets from third parties who have existing or previous business relationships with entities affiliated with our sponsor. The officers, directors or employees of our business manager, our property managers, IREA or Inland Institutional Capital Partners Corporation who also perform services for our sponsor or these other affiliates may have a conflict in representing our interests in these transactions on the one hand and the interests of our sponsor and its affiliates in preserving or furthering their respective relationships on the other hand. We may, therefore, end up paying a higher price to acquire the asset or sell the asset for a lower price than we would if these other relationships did not exist. 

 -15- 
 
 Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure 
 
 Maryland law and our organizational documents limit a stockholder&#146;s right to bring claims against our officers and directors. 
 
 Subject to the limitations set forth in our articles, a director will not have any liability for monetary damages under Maryland law so long as he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interest, and with the care that an ordinary prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. In addition, our articles, in the case of our directors, officers, employees and agents, and the business management agreement and the property management agreements, with our business manager and property managers, respectively, require us to indemnify these persons for actions taken by them in good faith and without negligence or misconduct, or, in the case of our independent directors, actions taken in good faith without gross negligence or willful misconduct. Moreover, we may enter into separate indemnification agreements with each of our directors and some of our executive officers. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against these persons than might otherwise exist under common law. In addition, we may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by these persons in some cases. 
 
 Our board of directors may, in the future, adopt certain measures under Maryland law without stockholder approval that may have the effect of making it less likely that stockholders would receive a &#147;control premium&#148; for their shares. 
 
 Corporations organized under Maryland law are permitted to protect themselves from unsolicited proposals or offers to acquire the company. Although we are not subject to these provisions, our stockholders could approve an amendment to our articles eliminating this restriction. If we do become subject to these provisions, our board of directors would have the power under Maryland law to, among other things, amend our articles without stockholder approval to: 
 
 &#183; 
 stagger our board of directors into three classes; 
 
 &#183; 
 require a two-thirds vote of stockholders to remove directors; 
 
 &#183; 
 empower only remaining directors to fill any vacancies on the board; 
 
 &#183; 
 provide that only the board can fix the size of the board; 
 
 &#183; 
 provide that all vacancies on the board, regardless of how the vacancy was created, may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office; and 
 
 &#183; 
 require that special stockholders meetings be called only by holders of a majority of the voting shares entitled to be cast at the meeting. 
 
 These provisions may discourage an extraordinary transaction, such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, all of which might provide a premium price for a stockholder&#146;s shares. 
 
 Further, under the Maryland Business Combination Act, we may not engage in any merger or other business combination with an &#147;interested stockholder&#148; or any affiliate of that interested stockholder for a period of five years after the most recent purchase of stock by the interested stockholder. After the five-year period ends, any merger or other business combination with the interested stockholder must be recommended by our board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 
 
 &#183; 
 80% of all votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of our voting stock; and 
 
 &#183; 
 two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of our voting stock other than those shares owned or held by the interested stockholder unless, among other things, our stockholders receive a minimum payment for their common stock equal to the highest price paid by the interested stockholder for its common stock. 
 
 Our articles exempt any business combination involving us and The Inland Group or any affiliate of The Inland Group, including our business manager and property managers, from the provisions of this law. 
 
 Our articles place limits on the amount of common stock that any person may own without the prior approval of our board of directors. 
 
 To continue to qualify as a REIT, no more than 50% of the outstanding shares of our common stock may be beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of each taxable year. Our articles prohibit any persons or groups from owning more than 9.8% of our common stock without the prior approval of our board of directors. These provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets that might involve a premium price for holders of our 

 -16- 
 
 common stock. Further, any person or group attempting to purchase shares exceeding these limits could be compelled to sell the additional shares and, as a result, to forfeit the benefits of owning the additional shares. 
 
 Our articles permit our board of directors to issue preferred stock on terms that may subordinate the rights of the holders of our current common stock or discourage a third party from acquiring us. 
 
 Our board of directors is permitted, subject to certain restrictions set forth in our articles, to issue up to forty million shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval. Further, subject to certain restrictions set forth in our articles, our board may classify or reclassify any unissued preferred stock and establish the preferences, conversions or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications, and terms or conditions of redemption of any preferred stock. Thus, our board of directors could authorize us to issue shares of preferred stock with terms and conditions that could subordinate the rights of the holders of our common stock or have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, that might provide a premium price for holders of our common stock. 
 
 Maryland law limits, in some cases, the ability of a third party to vote shares acquired in a &#147;control share acquisition.&#148; 
 
 Under the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act, persons or entities owning &#147;control shares&#148; of a Maryland corporation acquired in a &#147;control share acquisition&#148; have no voting rights with respect to those shares except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the corporation&#146;s disinterested stockholders. Shares of stock owned by the acquirer or by officers or directors who are employees of the corporation, are not considered disinterested for these purposes. &#147;Control shares&#148; are shares of stock that, taken together with all other shares of stock the acquirer previously acquired, would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: 
 
 &#183; 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third of all voting power; 
 
 &#183; 
 one-third or more but less than a majority of all voting power; or 
 
 &#183; 
 a majority or more of all voting power. 
 
 Control shares do not include shares of stock the acquiring person is entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A &#147;control share acquisition&#148; means the acquisition of control shares, subject to certain exceptions. The Control Share Acquisition Act does not apply to (1) shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (2) acquisitions approved or exempted by our articles or bylaws. Our articles exempt transactions between us and The Inland Group and its affiliates, including our business manager and property managers, from the limits imposed by the Control Share Acquisition Act. This statute could have the effect of discouraging offers from third parties to acquire us and increase the difficulty of successfully completing this type of offer by anyone other than The Inland Group and its affiliates. 
 
 Federal Income Tax Risks 
 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT, our operations and distributions to stockholders will be adversely affected. 
 
 Our qualification as a REIT depends on our ability to meet requirements regarding our organization and ownership, distributions of our income, the nature and diversification of our income and assets as well as other tests imposed by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the &#147;Internal Revenue Code&#148;). If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT, without the benefit of certain relief provisions, in any taxable year: 
 
 &#183; 
 we would not be allowed to deduct distributions paid to stockholders when computing our taxable income; 
 
 &#183; 
 we would be subject to federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) on our taxable income at regular corporate rates; 
 
 &#183; 
 we would be disqualified from being taxed as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we failed to qualify, unless entitled to relief under certain statutory provisions; 
 
 &#183; 
 we would have less cash to pay distributions to stockholders; and 
 
 &#183; 
 we may be required to borrow additional funds or sell some of our assets in order to pay corporate tax obligations we may incur as a result of being disqualified. 
 
 In addition, if we were to fail to qualify as a REIT, we would not be required to pay distributions to stockholders, and all distributions to stockholders that we did pay would be subject to tax as regular corporate dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. This means that, under current law, which is subject to change, our U.S. stockholders who are taxed as 

 -17- 
 
 individuals would be taxed on our dividends at long-term capital gains rates through 2010 and that our corporate stockholders generally would be entitled to the dividends received deduction with respect to such dividends, subject, in each case, to applicable limitations under the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 To maintain our REIT status, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions to make distributions to our stockholders, which could increase our operating costs and decrease the value of an investment in our company. 
 
 To continue to qualify as a REIT, we must distribute to our stockholders each year 90% of our REIT taxable income (which is determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or net capital gain). At times, we may not have sufficient funds to satisfy these distribution requirements and may need to borrow funds to make these distributions and maintain our REIT status and avoid the payment of income and excise taxes. These borrowing needs could result from (1) differences in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for federal income tax purposes; (2) the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures; (3) the creation of reserves; or (4) required debt amortization payments. We may need to borrow funds at times when market conditions are unfavorable. Further, if we are unable to borrow funds when needed for this purpose, we would have to fund alternative sources of funding or risk losing our status as a REIT. If we borrow the needed monies, distributions to tax-exempt investors may be classified as unrelated business taxable income. 
 
 Certain of our business activities are potentially subject to the prohibited transaction tax, which could reduce the return on an investment in our company. 
 
 Our ability to dispose of property during the first two years following acquisition is restricted to a substantial extent as a result of our REIT status. Under applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code regarding prohibited transactions by REITs, we will be subject to a 100% tax on any gain realized on the sale or other disposition of any property (other than foreclosure property) we own, directly or through any subsidiary entity, excluding our taxable REIT subsidiaries, that is deemed to be inventory or property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of trade or business. Determining whether property is inventory or otherwise held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business depends on the particular facts and circumstances surrounding each property. We cannot provide assurance that any particular property we own, directly or through any subsidiary entity, excluding our taxable REIT subsidiaries, will not be treated as inventory or property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business. 
 
 Certain fees paid to us may affect our REIT status. 
 
 Income received in the nature of rental subsidies or rent guarantees, in some cases, may not qualify as rental income from real estate and could be characterized by the Internal Revenue Service as non-qualifying income for purposes of satisfying the 75% and 95% gross income tests required for REIT qualification. If the aggregate of non-qualifying income under the 95% gross income test in any taxable year ever exceeded 5% of our gross revenues for the taxable year or non-qualifying income under the 75% gross income test in any taxable year ever exceeded 25% of our gross revenues for the taxable year, we could lose our REIT status for that taxable year and the four taxable years following the year of losing our REIT status. 
 
 Complying with the REIT requirements may force us to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. 
 
 To maintain qualification as a REIT, we must ensure that at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75% of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified REIT real estate assets, including shares of stock in other REITs, certain mortgage loans and mortgage backed securities. The remainder of our investment in securities (other than governmental securities, qualified real estate assets and taxable REIT subsidiaries) generally cannot include more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10% of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than 5% of the value of our assets (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and taxable REIT subsidiaries) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 25% of the value of our total securities can be represented by securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within thirty days after the end of the calendar quarter to avoid losing our REIT status and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate otherwise attractive investments, which, in the case of foreign stockholders, may impose a withholding tax obligation on us. 
 
 The &#147;taxable mortgage pool&#148; rules may increase the taxes that we or our stockholders incur and may limit the manner in which we conduct securitizations. 
 
 We may make investments in entities that own or are deemed to be taxable mortgage pools. Similarly, if we securitize mortgages, certain of our securitizations could be considered to result in the creation of taxable mortgage pools for federal income tax purposes. As a REIT, provided that we own 100% of the equity interests in a taxable mortgage pool, we generally would not be adversely affected by the characterization of the securitization as a taxable mortgage pool. Certain categories of stockholders, however, such as foreign stockholders eligible for treaty or other benefits, stockholders with net operating losses, and certain tax-exempt stockholders that are subject to unrelated business income tax, could be subject to increased taxes on a portion of their dividend income from us that is attributable to the taxable mortgage pool, which, in the case of foreign stockholders, may be imposed as a withholding tax 

 -18- 
 
 obligation on us. In addition, to the extent that our stock is owned by tax-exempt &#147;disqualified organizations,&#148; such as certain government-related entities and charitable remainder trusts that are not subject to tax on unrelated business income, we will incur a corporate-level tax on a portion of our income from the taxable mortgage pool. In that case, we are authorized to reduce and intend to reduce the amount of our distributions to any disqualified organization whose stock ownership gave rise to the tax. Moreover, we would be precluded from selling equity interests in these securitizations to outside investors, or selling any debt securities issued in connection with these securitizations that might be considered to be equity interests for federal income tax purposes. These limitations may prevent us from using certain techniques to maximize our returns from securitization transactions. 
 
 Stockholders may have tax liability on distributions that they elect to reinvest in our common stock. 
 
 Stockholders that participate in our distribution reinvestment plan will be deemed to have received, and for income tax purposes will be taxed on, the fair market value of the share of our common stock that they receive in lieu of cash distributions. As a result, unless the stockholder is a tax-exempt entity, he or she will have to use funds from other sources to pay his or her tax liability. 
 
 In certain circumstances, we may be subject to federal, state and local income taxes as a REIT, which would reduce our cash available to pay distributions. 
 
 Even if we qualify and maintain our status as a REIT, we may become subject to federal, state and local income taxes. For example: 
 
 &#183; 
 We will be subject to tax on any undistributed income. We will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions we pay in any calendar year plus amounts retained for which federal income tax was paid are less than the sum of 85% of our ordinary income, 95% of our capital gain net income and 100% of our undistributed income from prior years. 
 
 &#183; 
 If we have net income from the sale of foreclosure property that we hold primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business or other non-qualifying income from foreclosure property, we must pay a tax on that income at the highest corporate income tax rate. 
 
 &#183; 
 If we sell a property, other than foreclosure property, that we hold primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, our gain would be subject to the 100% &#147;prohibited transaction&#148; tax. 
 
 &#183; 
 We will be subject to a 100% penalty tax on certain amounts if the economic arrangements of our tenants, our taxable REIT subsidiaries and us are not comparable to similar arrangements among unrelated parties. 
 
 Certain equity participation in mortgage loans may result in taxable income and gains from these properties, which could adversely impact our REIT status. 
 
 If we participate under a mortgage loan in any appreciation of the properties securing the mortgage loan or its cash flow and the Internal Revenue Service characterizes this participation as &#147;equity,&#148; we might have to recognize income, gains and other items from the property. This could affect our ability to maintain our status as a REIT. 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively. 
 
 The REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code may limit our ability to hedge the risks inherent to our operations. Under current law, any income that we generate from derivatives or other transactions intended to hedge our interest rate risk generally will not constitute gross income for purposes of the 75% and 95% income requirements applicable to REITs. In addition, any income from other hedging transactions would generally not constitute gross income for purposes of both the 75% and 95% income tests. However, we may have to limit the use of hedging techniques that might otherwise be advantageous, which could result in greater risks associated with interest rate or other changes than we would otherwise incur. 
 
 Legislative or regulatory action could adversely affect investors. 
 
 In recent years, numerous legislative, judicial and administrative changes have been made in the federal income tax laws applicable to investments similar to an investment in shares of our common stock. Additional changes to the tax laws are likely to continue to occur, and we cannot provide assurance that any of these changes will not adversely affect the taxation of a stockholder. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on an investment in our shares or on the market value or the resale potential of our assets. Stockholders are urged to consult with their own tax advisors with respect to the impact of recent legislation on their investments in our shares and the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our shares. 
 
 Congress passed major federal tax legislation in 2003, with modifications to that legislation in 2005. One of the changes effected by that legislation generally reduced the tax rate on dividends paid by corporations to individuals to a maximum of 15% prior to 2011. REIT distributions generally do not qualify for this reduced rate. The tax changes did not, however, reduce the corporate tax rates. 

 -19- 
 
 Therefore, the maximum corporate tax rate of 35% has not been affected. However, as a REIT, we generally would not be subject to federal or state corporate income taxes on that portion of our ordinary income or capital gain that we distribute currently to our stockholders, and we thus expect to avoid the &#147;double taxation&#148; to which other corporations are typically subject. 
 
 Although REITs currently avoid the double taxation applicable generally to taxed as corporations, it is possible that future legislation would result in a REIT having fewer tax advantages, and it could become more advantageous for a company that invests in real estate to elect to be taxed for federal income tax purposes as a corporation. As a result, our charter provides our board of directors with the power, under certain circumstances, to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election and cause us to be taxed as a corporation, other than a REIT, without the vote of our stockholders. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 General 
 
 We own interests in retail, office, industrial, multi-family properties and lodging properties. As of December 31, 2009, we, directly or indirectly, including through joint ventures in which we have a controlling interest, have an interest in 853 properties, excluding our lodging and development properties, located in 34 states and the District of Columbia. In addition, we, through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Inland American Winston Hotels, Inc., Inland American Orchard Hotels, Inc., Inland American Urban Hotels, Inc., and Inland American Lodging Corporation, owned 99 lodging properties in 23 states and the District of Columbia. 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the 10 individual tenants comprising the greatest 2009 annualized base rent based on the properties owned as of December 31, 2009 excluding our lodging and development properties. (Dollar amounts stated in thousands, except for revenue per available room and average daily rate). 

 Tenant Name 
 Type 
 Annualized Base Rental Income ($) 
 % of Total Portfolio Annualized Income 
 Square Footage 
 % of Total Portfolio Square Footage 
 
 SunTrust Bank 
 Retail/Office 
 53,783 
 9.37% 
 2,269,701 
 4.50% 
 
 AT&T, Inc. 
 Office 
 44,827 
 7.81% 
 3,545,114 
 7.04% 
 
 Citizens Banks 
 Retail 
 20,125 
 3.51% 
 986,378 
 1.96% 
 
 Sanofi-Aventis 
 Office 
 16,073 
 2.80% 
 736,572 
 1.46% 
 
 United Healthcare Services 
 Office 
 15,608 
 2.72% 
 1,210,670 
 2.40% 
 
 C&S Wholesalers 
 Industrial/Distribution 
 14,656 
 2.55% 
 3,031,295 
 6.02% 
 
 Atlas Cold Storage 
 Industrial/Distribution 
 12,751 
 2.22% 
 1,896,815 
 3.76% 
 
 Shop Rite 
 Retail 
 10,164 
 1.77% 
 601,652 
 1.19% 
 
 Cornell Corrections 
 Industrial/Distribution 
 10,112 
 1.76% 
 301,029 
 0.60% 
 
 Select Medical Facilities 
 LIP-H (1) 
 9,928 
 1.73% 
 268,895 
 0.53% 

 (1) See further discussion of our LIP-H segment in Item 7 of this report, Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following tables set forth certain summary information about the location and character of the properties that we owned at December 31, 2009. (Dollar amounts stated in thousands, except for revenue per available room and average daily rate). 
 
 Retail Segment 

 Retail Properties 
 State 
 Total Gross Leasable Area 
 % of Financial Occupancy as of December 31, 2009 
 Total # of Financially Active Leases as of December 31, 2009 
 Mortgage Payable as of December 31, 2009 ($) 
 
 14th Street Market 
 TX 
 79,418 
 98% 
 10 
 7,712 
 
 24 Hour Fitness - 249 & Jones 
 TX 
 85,000 
 84% 
 6 
 - 
 
 24 Hour Fitness -The Woodlands 
 TX 
 45,906 
 100% 
 1 
 - 

 -20- 

 Retail Properties 
 State 
 Total Gross Leasable Area 
 % of Financial Occupancy as of December 31, 2009 
 Total # of Financially Active Leases as of December 31, 2009 
 Mortgage Payable as of December 31, 2009 ($) 
 
 6101 Richmond Avenue 
 TX 
 19,231 
 100% 
 2 
 - 
 
 825 Rand 
 IL 
 42,792 
 100% 
 1 
 5,767 
 
 95th And Cicero 
 IL 
 77,468 
 97% 
 5 
 8,949 
 
 Alcoa Exchange 
 AR 
 90,740 
 93% 
 22 
 12,810 
 
 Alcoa Exchange II 
 AR 
 43,750 
 100% 
 2 
 - 
 
 Antoine Town Center 
 TX 
 46,995 
 87% 
 17 
 - 
 
 Ashford Plaza 
 TX 
 35,819 
 81% 
 15 
 - 
 
 Atascocita Shopping Center 
 TX 
 47,326 
 100% 
 8 
 - 
 
 Bay Colony 
 TX 
 193,622 
 99% 
 29 
 - 
 
 Bear Creek Village Center 
 CA 
 80,318 
 90% 
 13 
 15,065 
 
 Bellerive Plaza 
 KY 
 75,730 
 75% 
 7 
 6,092 
 
 Bent Tree Plaza 
 NC 
 79,503 
 98% 
 14 
 5,453 
 
 Bi-Lo Greenville 
 SC 
 55,718 
 100% 
 1 
 4,286 
 
 Blackhawk Town Center 
 TX 
 127,128 
 100% 
 12 
 - 
 
 Brandon Centre South 
 FL 
 133,344 
 77% 
 23 
 16,133 
 
 Brooks Corner 
 TX 
 172,927 
 93% 
 19 
 14,276 
 
 Buckhead Crossing 
 GA 
 221,874 
 97% 
 33 
 33,215 
 
 Buckhorn Plaza 
 PA 
 79,359 
 100% 
 15 
 9,025 
 
 Campus Marketplace 
 CA 
 144,287 
 95% 
 29 
 20,000 
 
 Canfield Plaza 
 OH 
 100,958 
 85% 
 9 
 7,575 
 
 Carver Creek 
 TX 
 33,321 
 84% 
 2 
 - 
 
 Centerplace Of Greeley 
 CO 
 148,574 
 95% 
 21 
 17,175 
 
 Chesapeake Commons 
 VA 
 79,476 
 100% 
 3 
 8,950 
 
 Cheyenne Meadows 
 CO 
 89,893 
 100% 
 12 
 4,890 
 
 Chili's - Hunting Bayou 
 TX 
 5,476 
 100% 
 1 
 - 
 
 Cinemark - Jacinto City 
 TX 
 68,000 
 100% 
 1 
 - 
 
 Cinemark - Webster 
 TX 
 80,000 
 100% 
 1 
 - 
 
 Cinemark 12 - Silverlake 
 TX 
 38,910 
 100% 
 1 
 - 
 
 Citizens Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 993,926 
 100% 
 160 
 200,000 
 
 Coweta Crossing 
 GA 
 68,489 
 96% 
 7 
 3,143 
 
 Cross Timbers Court 
 TX 
 81,169 
 87% 
 5 
 8,193 
 
 Crossroads At Chesapeake Square 
 VA 
 121,629 
 83% 
 18 
 11,210 
 
 Custer Creek Village 
 TX 
 93,876 
 100% 
 13 
 10,149 
 
 Cyfair Town Center 
 TX 
 54,597 
 98% 
 26 
 - 
 
 Cypress Town Center 
 TX 
 55,000 
 70% 
 18 
 - 
 
 Donelson Plaza 
 TN 
 12,165 
 100% 
 3 
 2,315 
 
 Dothan Pavilion 
 AL 
 327,534 
 84% 
 20 
 37,165 
 
 East Gate 
 SC 
 75,716 
 94% 
 10 
 6,800 
 
 Eldridge Lakes Town Center 
 TX 
 55,050 
 81% 
 16 
 - 
 
 Eldridge Town Center 
 TX 
 78,471 
 83% 
 23 
 - 
 
 Fabyan Randall Plaza 
 IL 
 91,415 
 56% 
 10 
 13,405 
 
 Fairview Market 
 SC 
 53,888 
 97% 
 10 
 2,692 
 
 Flower Mound Crossing 
 TX 
 84,443 
 100% 
 13 
 8,342 
 
 Forest Plaza 
 WI 
 122,829 
 95% 
 6 
 2,142 
 
 Friendswood Shopping Center 
 TX 
 71,325 
 100% 
 15 
 - 
 
 Fury's Ferry 
 GA 
 70,458 
 93% 
 11 
 6,381 
 
 Garden Village 
 CA 
 112,767 
 97% 
 17 
 - 
 
 Glendale Heights I, II, III 
 IL 
 60,820 
 100% 
 3 
 4,705 
 
 Grafton Commons 
 WI 
 238,816 
 100% 
 10 
 18,516 
 
 Gravois Dillon Plaza 
 MO 
 148,110 
 95% 
 22 
 12,630 
 
 Heritage Heights 
 TX 
 92,521 
 93% 
 9 
 10,719 

 -21- 

 Retail Properties 
 State 
 Total Gross Leasable Area 
 % of Financial Occupancy as of December 31, 2009 
 Total # of Financially Active Leases as of December 31, 2009 
 Mortgage Payable as of December 31, 2009 ($) 
 
 Heritage Plaza - Chicago 
 IL 
 128,872 
 92% 
 22 
 15,243 
 
 Highland Plaza 
 TX 
 73,780 
 85% 
 18 
 - 
 
 Hunter's Glen Crossing 
 TX 
 97,570 
 99% 
 13 
 9,790 
 
 Hunting Bayou 
 TX 
 133,269 
 86% 
 19 
 - 
 
 James Center 
 WA 
 140,240 
 89% 
 17 
 12,368 
 
 Josey Oaks Crossing 
 TX 
 90,119 
 100% 
 15 
 9,346 
 
 Lakeport Commons 
 IA 
 282,163 
 82% 
 25 
 - 
 
 Lakewood Shopping Center 
 FL 
 149,077 
 87% 
 25 
 11,715 
 
 Lakewood Shopping Ctr Phase II 
 FL 
 87,602 
 100% 
 6 
 - 
 
 Legacy Crossing 
 OH 
 134,389 
 97% 
 17 
 10,890 
 
 Lexington Road 
 GA 
 46,000 
 100% 
 1 
 5,454 
 
 Lincoln Mall 
 RI 
 439,132 
 86% 
 36 
 33,835 
 
 Lincoln Village 
 IL 
 163,168 
 97% 
 27 
 22,035 
 
 Lord Salisbury Center 
 MD 
 113,821 
 98% 
 10 
 12,600 
 
 Market At Morse / Hamilton 
 OH 
 44,742 
 97% 
 11 
 7,893 
 
 Market At Westlake 
 TX 
 29,625 
 100% 
 4 
 4,803 
 
 McKinney TC Outlots 
 TX 
 18,846 
 100% 
 5 
 3,400 
 
 Merchants Crossing 
 FL 
 213,739 
 91% 
 18 
 11,816 
 
 Middleburg Crossing 
 FL 
 64,232 
 95% 
 11 
 6,432 
 
 Monadnock Marketplace 
 NH 
 200,791 
 90% 
 11 
 26,785 
 
 New Forest Crossing II 
 TX 
 26,700 
 100% 
 8 
 3,438 
 
 Newtown Road 
 VA 
 7,488 
 - 
 - 
 968 
 
 Northwest Marketplace 
 TX 
 185,172 
 99% 
 28 
 19,965 
 
 NTB Eldridge 
 TX 
 6,155 
 100% 
 1 
 - 
 
 Palm Harbor Shopping Center 
 FL 
 166,041 
 84% 
 28 
 12,100 
 
 Paradise Shops Of Largo 
 FL 
 54,641 
 97% 
 5 
 7,325 
 
 Park West Plaza 
 TX 
 83,157 
 91% 
 8 
 7,532 
 
 Parkway Centre North 
 OH 
 132,577 
 99% 
 11 
 13,892 
 
 Parkway Centre North Outlot B 
 OH 
 10,245 
 100% 
 6 
 2,198 
 
 Pavilion At LaQuinta 
 CA 
 166,043 
 98% 
 18 
 23,976 
 
 Pavilions At Hartman Heritage 
 MO 
 223,761 
 51% 
 19 
 23,450 
 
 Peachland Promenade 
 FL 
 82,082 
 95% 
 16 
 4,791 
 
 Penn Park 
 OK 
 241,349 
 82% 
 17 
 31,000 
 
 Pinehurst Shopping Center 
 TX 
 39,934 
 51% 
 16 
 - 
 
 Pioneer Plaza 
 TX 
 16,200 
 93% 
 9 
 2,250 
 
 Plaza At Eagle's Landing 
 GA 
 33,265 
 75% 
 6 
 5,310 
 
 Poplin Place 
 NC 
 227,721 
 86% 
 27 
 24,586 
 
 Promenade Fultondale 
 AL 
 256,054 
 99% 
 27 
 16,870 
 
 Riverstone Shopping Center 
 TX 
 272,515 
 97% 
 15 
 21,000 
 
 Riverview Village 
 TX 
 88,916 
 92% 
 10 
 10,121 
 
 Rose Creek 
 GA 
 69,790 
 99% 
 9 
 3,968 
 
 Rosewood Shopping Center 
 SC 
 36,887 
 100% 
 7 
 3,131 
 
 Saltgrass Restaurant 
 TX 
 7,216 
 100% 
 1 
 - 
 
 Saratoga Town Center 
 TX 
 61,682 
 84% 
 18 
 - 
 
 Scofield Crossing 
 TX 
 97,561 
 100% 
 16 
 8,435 
 
 Shakopee Shopping Center 
 MN 
 103,442 
 100% 
 2 
 8,800 
 
 Shallotte Commons 
 NC 
 85,897 
 94% 
 9 
 6,078 
 
 Sherman Plaza 
 IL 
 150,802 
 78% 
 13 
 30,275 
 
 Sherman Town Center 
 TX 
 381,704 
 100% 
 33 
 36,191 
 
 Shiloh Square 
 TX 
 24,038 
 89% 
 11 
 3,238 
 
 Shop Rite Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 544,112 
 100% 
 8 
 80,767 

 -22- 

 Retail Properties 
 State 
 Total Gross Leasable Area 
 % of Financial Occupancy as of December 31, 2009 
 Total # of Financially Active Leases as of December 31, 2009 
 Mortgage Payable as of December 31, 2009 ($) 
 
 Siegen Plaza 
 LA 
 156,418 
 95% 
 28 
 16,638 
 
 Silverlake 
 KY 
 100,926 
 98% 
 15 
 4,750 
 
 Southgate Village 
 AL 
 75,092 
 95% 
 11 
 4,921 
 
 Spring Town Center 
 TX 
 54,231 
 88% 
 14 
 - 
 
 Spring Town Center III 
 TX 
 30,438 
 83% 
 6 
 - 
 
 Stables Town Center I 
 TX 
 42,800 
 97% 
 8 
 - 
 
 Stables Town Center II 
 TX 
 55,493 
 86% 
 23 
 - 
 
 State Street Market 
 IL 
 193,657 
 100% 
 6 
 10,450 
 
 Streets Of Cranberry 
 PA 
 107,499 
 97% 
 27 
 24,425 
 
 Streets Of Indian Lake 
 TN 
 253,639 
 92% 
 37 
 40,800 
 
 Suncreek Village 
 TX 
 17,510 
 83% 
 9 
 2,683 
 
 SunTrust Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 1,972,720 
 100% 
 419 
 343,528 
 
 The Center At Hugh Howell 
 GA 
 82,820 
 95% 
 14 
 7,722 
 
 The Highlands 
 TX 
 94,596 
 94% 
 14 
 9,745 
 
 The Market At Hilliard 
 OH 
 115,223 
 100% 
 14 
 11,205 
 
 Thomas Crossroads 
 GA 
 104,928 
 97% 
 17 
 4,460 
 
 Tomball Town Center 
 TX 
 60,690 
 71% 
 21 
 - 
 
 Triangle Center 
 WA 
 253,064 
 96% 
 32 
 23,600 
 
 Walgreens - Springfield 
 MO 
 14,560 
 100% 
 1 
 - 
 
 Washington Park Plaza 
 IL 
 237,766 
 96% 
 26 
 30,600 
 
 West End Square 
 TX 
 36,637 
 42% 
 8 
 - 
 
 Willis Town Center 
 TX 
 17,540 
 91% 
 9 
 - 
 
 Winchester Town Center 
 TX 
 18,000 
 100% 
 10 
 - 
 
 Windermere Village 
 TX 
 25,360 
 81% 
 11 
 - 
 
 Woodforest Square 
 TX 
 39,966 
 57% 
 9 
 - 
 
 Woodlake Crossing 
 TX 
 159,703 
 77% 
 15 
 15,400 
 
 16,643,477 
 93% (1) 
 2,297 
 $1,722,867 

 (1) Financial Occupancy is defined as the percentage of total gross leasable area for which a tenant is obligated to pay rent under the terms of its lease agreement, regardless of the actual use or occupation by that tenant of the area being leased. The weighted average is an average of the properties&#146; occupancy based on the total Gross Leasable Area of the segment. 
 
 The total gross leasable area includes an aggregate of 991,622 square feet leased to tenants under ground lease agreements. 
 
 Office Segment 

 Office Properties 
 State 
 Total Gross Leasable Area 
 % of Financial Occupancy as of December 31, 2009 
 Total # of Financially Active Leases as of December 31, 2009 
 Mortgage Payable as of December 31, 2009 ($) 
 
 11500 Market Street 
 TX 
 2,719 
 100% 
 1 
 - 
 
 6234 Richmond Avenue 
 TX 
 26,780 
 62% 
 1 
 - 
 
 American Exp - Greensboro 
 NC 
 389,377 
 100% 
 1 
 33,040 
 
 American Exp - Salt Lake City 
 UT 
 395,787 
 100% 
 1 
 30,149 
 
 AT&T - St Louis 
 MO 
 1,461,274 
 100% 
 1 
 112,695 
 
 AT&T Cleveland 
 OH 
 458,936 
 86% 
 2 
 29,242 
 
 Bridgeside Point Office Bldg 
 PA 
 153,110 
 100% 
 1 
 17,325 
 
 Commons Drive 
 IL 
 60,000 
 75% 
 1 
 3,663 
 
 Computershare / Equiserve 
 MA 
 185,171 
 100% 
 1 
 44,500 
 
 Denver Highlands 
 CO 
 85,680 
 100% 
 1 
 10,500 

 -23- 

 Office Properties 
 State 
 Total Gross Leasable Area 
 % of Financial Occupancy as of December 31, 2009 
 Total # of Financially Active Leases as of December 31, 2009 
 Mortgage Payable as of December 31, 2009 ($) 
 
 Dulles Executive Plaza 
 VA 
 379,596 
 100% 
 5 
 68,750 
 
 Houston Lakes 
 TX 
 119,527 
 100% 
 1 
 8,988 
 
 IDS Center 
 MN 
 1,463,047 
 93% 
 180 
 125,000 
 
 Kinross Lakes 
 OH 
 86,000 
 - 
 - 
 10,065 
 
 Lake View Technology Center 
 VA 
 110,007 
 100% 
 2 
 14,470 
 
 Regional Road 
 NC 
 113,526 
 - 
 - 
 8,679 
 
 Sanofi Aventis 
 NJ 
 736,572 
 100% 
 1 
 190,000 
 
 Santee - Civic Center 
 CA 
 76,977 
 100% 
 1 
 12,023 
 
 SBC Center 
 IL 
 1,690,214 
 100% 
 1 
 200,472 
 
 SunTrust Office Portfolio 
 Multiple States 
 293,981 
 100% 
 13 
 21,910 
 
 United Health - Cypress 
 CA 
 214,000 
 100% 
 1 
 22,000 
 
 United Health - Frederick 
 MD 
 209,184 
 100% 
 1 
 18,240 
 
 United Health - Green Bay 
 WI 
 400,000 
 100% 
 1 
 - 
 
 United Health - Indianapolis 
 IN 
 200,000 
 100% 
 1 
 16,545 
 
 United Health - Onalaska 
 WI 
 66,000 
 100% 
 1 
 4,149 
 
 United Health - Wauwatosa 
 WI 
 121,486 
 100% 
 1 
 10,050 
 
 Washington Mutual - Arlington 
 TX 
 239,905 
 100% 
 1 
 20,115 
 
 Worldgate Plaza 
 VA 
 322,326 
 100% 
 8 
 59,950 
 
 10,061,182 
 96% (1) 
 230 
 $1,092,520 

 (1) Financial Occupancy is defined as the percentage of total gross leasable area for which a tenant is obligated to pay rent under the terms of its lease agreement, regardless of the actual use or occupation by that tenant of the area being leased. The weighted average is an average of the properties&#146; occupancy based on the total Gross Leasable Area of the segment. 
 
 Industrial Segment 

 Industrial Properties 
 State 
 Total Gross Leasable Area 
 % of Financial Occupancy as of December 31, 2009 
 Total # of Financially Active Leases as of December 31, 2009 
 Mortgage Payable as of December 31, 2009 
 
 11500 Melrose Ave -294 Tollway 
 IL 
 97,766 
 100% 
 1 
 4,561 
 
 1800 Bruning 
 IL 
 202,000 
 100% 
 1 
 10,156 
 
 500 Hartland 
 WI 
 134,210 
 100% 
 1 
 5,860 
 
 55th Street 
 WI 
 175,052 
 100% 
 1 
 7,351 
 
 Airport Distrib Center #10 
 TN 
 161,350 
 - 
 - 
 2,042 
 
 Airport Distrib Center #11 
 TN 
 121,345 
 100% 
 1 
 1,539 
 
 Airport Distrib Center #15 
 TN 
 81,639 
 - 
 - 
 1,203 
 
 Airport Distrib Center #16 
 TN 
 251,685 
 79% 
 1 
 2,714 
 
 Airport Distrib Center #18 
 TN 
 75,000 
 100% 
 3 
 1,007 
 
 Airport Distrib Center #19 
 TN 
 175,275 
 100% 
 1 
 2,546 
 
 Airport Distrib Center #2 
 TN 
 102,400 
 100% 
 1 
 1,734 
 
 Airport Distrib Center #4 
 TN 
 80,000 
 100% 
 2 
 1,287 
 
 Airport Distrib Center #7 
 TN 
 42,000 
 100% 
 1 
 699 
 
 Airport Distrib Center #8 
 TN 
 32,400 
 100% 
 1 
 448 
 
 Airport Distrib Center #9 
 TN 
 42,000 
 94% 
 2 
 811 
 
 Anheuser Busch 
 MA 
 183,900 
 100% 
 1 
 7,549 
 
 Atlas - Belvidere 
 IL 
 189,052 
 100% 
 1 
 11,329 
 
 Atlas - Cartersville 
 GA 
 179,240 
 100% 
 1 
 8,273 
 
 Atlas - Douglas 
 GA 
 86,732 
 100% 
 1 
 3,432 
 
 Atlas - Gaffney 
 SC 
 58,160 
 100% 
 1 
 3,350 

 -24- 

 Industrial Properties 
 State 
 Total Gross Leasable Area 
 % of Financial Occupancy as of December 31, 2009 
 Total # of Financially Active Leases as of December 31, 2009 
 Mortgage Payable as of December 31, 2009 
 
 Atlas - Gainesville 
 GA 
 127,632 
 100% 
 1 
 7,731 
 
 Atlas - Pendergrass 
 GA 
 243,233 
 100% 
 1 
 14,919 
 
 Atlas - Piedmont 
 SC 
 224,320 
 100% 
 1 
 13,563 
 
 Atlas - St Paul 
 MN 
 219,664 
 100% 
 1 
 8,226 
 
 Atlas-Brooklyn Park 
 MN 
 128,275 
 100% 
 1 
 7,407 
 
 Atlas-New Ulm 
 MN 
 269,985 
 100% 
 1 
 6,015 
 
 Atlas-Zumbrota 
 MN 
 170,522 
 100% 
 1 
 10,242 
 
 Baymeadow - Glen Burnie 
 MD 
 120,000 
 100% 
 1 
 13,824 
 
 C&S - Aberdeen 
 MD 
 400,000 
 100% 
 1 
 22,720 
 
 C&S - Birmingham 
 AL 
 1,311,295 
 100% 
 1 
 - 
 
 C&S - North Hatfield 
 MA 
 467,000 
 100% 
 1 
 20,280 
 
 C&S - South Hatfield 
 MA 
 333,000 
 100% 
 1 
 10,000 
 
 C&S - Westfield 
 MA 
 520,000 
 100% 
 1 
 29,500 
 
 Clarion 
 IA 
 126,900 
 100% 
 1 
 3,172 
 
 Coloma 
 MI 
 423,230 
 100% 
 1 
 10,017 
 
 Deer Park Seaco 
 TX 
 23,218 
 100% 
 1 
 2,965 
 
 Delp Distribution Center #2 
 TN 
 97,716 
 67% 
 1 
 1,623 
 
 Delp Distribution Center #5 
 TN 
 144,000 
 - 
 - 
 1,623 
 
 Delp Distribution Center #8 
 TN 
 94,500 
 100% 
 2 
 1,399 
 
 Doral - Waukesha 
 WI 
 43,500 
 - 
 - 
 1,364 
 
 Haskell-Rolling Plains Facility 
 TX 
 156,316 
 100% 
 1 
 - 
 
 Home Depot - Lake Park 
 GA 
 657,600 
 100% 
 1 
 15,469 
 
 Home Depot - MaCalla 
 AL 
 657,600 
 100% 
 1 
 17,094 
 
 Hudson Correctional Facility 
 CO 
 301,029 
 100% 
 1 
 - 
 
 Industrial Drive 
 WI 
 139,000 
 100% 
 1 
 3,709 
 
 Kinston 
 NC 
 400,000 
 100% 
 1 
 8,930 
 
 Kirk Road 
 IL 
 299,176 
 100% 
 1 
 7,863 
 
 Libertyville Associates 
 IL 
 197,100 
 100% 
 1 
 14,807 
 
 McKesson Distribution Center 
 TX 
 162,613 
 100% 
 1 
 5,760 
 
 Mount Zion Road 
 IN 
 1,091,435 
 100% 
 1 
 24,632 
 
 Ottawa 
 IL 
 38,285 
 100% 
 1 
 1,768 
 
 Schneider Electric 
 IL 
 545,000 
 100% 
 1 
 11,000 
 
 Southwide Industrial Center #5 
 TN 
 28,380 
 50% 
 3 
 392 
 
 Southwide Industrial Center #6 
 TN 
 58,560 
 98% 
 4 
 1,007 
 
 Southwide Industrial Center #7 
 TN 
 118,320 
 60% 
 4 
 2,014 
 
 Southwide Industrial Center #8 
 TN 
 10,185 
 100% 
 1 
 196 
 
 Stone Fort Distrib Center #1 
 TN 
 500,000 
 100% 
 1 
 6,770 
 
 Stone Fort Distrib Center #4 
 TN 
 86,072 
 100% 
 1 
 1,399 
 
 Thermo Process Systems 
 TX 
 150,000 
 100% 
 1 
 8,201 
 
 Tri-State Holdings I 
 IL 
 137,607 
 100% 
 1 
 4,665 
 
 Tri-State Holdings II 
 TX 
 223,599 
 100% 
 1 
 6,372 
 
 Tri-State Holdings III 
 WI 
 193,200 
 100% 
 1 
 4,334 
 
 Union Venture 
 OH 
 970,168 
 100% 
 1 
 36,426 
 
 UPS E-Logistics 
 KY 
 400,000 
 100% 
 1 
 9,249 
 
 Westport - Mechanicsburg 
 PA 
 178,600 
 100% 
 1 
 4,029 
 
 15,659,041 
 96% (1) 
 74 
 $460,567 

 (1) Financial Occupancy is defined as the percentage of total gross leasable area for which a tenant is obligated to pay rent under the terms of its lease agreement, regardless of the actual use or occupation by that tenant of the area being leased. The weighted average is an average of the properties&#146; occupancy based on the total Gross Leasable Area of the segment. 

 -25- 
 
 Multi-family Segment 

 Multi-family Properties 
 State 
 Total Gross Leasable Area (sq.ft.) 
 Total # of units/beds 
 Total # of units/beds occupied as of December 31, 2009 
 % of Financial Occupancy as of December 31, 2009 
 Mortgage Payable as of December 31, 2009 ($) 
 
 Alden Landing Apartments 
 TX 
 252,424 
 292 
 266 
 91% 
 11,237 
 
 Brazos Ranch Apartments 
 TX 
 312,866 
 308 
 256 
 84% 
 15,246 
 
 Cityville Oak Park 
 TX 
 315,556 
 372 
 133 
 35% 
 27,696 
 
 Encino Canyon Apartments 
 TX 
 252,572 
 228 
 196 
 85% 
 12,000 
 
 Fields Apartment Homes 
 IN 
 324,284 
 290 
 245 
 86% 
 18,700 
 
 Grogans Landing Apartments 
 TX 
 321,496 
 384 
 312 
 81% 
 9,705 
 
 Lake Wyndemere Apartments 
 TX 
 321,918 
 320 
 267 
 83% 
 13,067 
 
 Landings At Clearlake 
 TX 
 339,180 
 364 
 285 
 78% 
 18,590 
 
 Legacy At Art Quarter 
 OK 
 296,315 
 311 
 274 
 86% 
 29,645 
 
 Legacy Corner 
 OK 
 317,479 
 298 
 276 
 92% 
 14,630 
 
 Legacy Crossing 
 OK 
 408,768 
 396 
 365 
 92% 
 23,700 
 
 Legacy Woods 
 OK 
 302,124 
 328 
 294 
 89% 
 21,190 
 
 Malibu Lakes Apartments 
 FL 
 370,188 
 356 
 328 
 92% 
 17,929 
 
 Parkside Apartments 
 TX 
 313,000 
 360 
 319 
 88% 
 18,000 
 
 Seven Palms Apartments 
 TX 
 334,596 
 360 
 280 
 78% 
 18,750 
 
 Southgate Apartments 
 KY 
 233,514 
 256 
 225 
 88% 
 10,725 
 
 Sterling Ridge Estates Apartments 
 TX 
 265,700 
 254 
 209 
 81% 
 14,324 
 
 The Radian (1) 
 PA 
 210,594 
 498 
 497 
 97% 
 58,500 
 
 University House 13th Street 
 FL 
 198,748 
 584 
 480 
 82% 
 23,460 
 
 University House Acadiana 
 LA 
 138,944 
 384 
 358 
 93% 
 9,306 
 
 University House Birmingham 
 AL 
 189,156 
 496 
 463 
 93% 
 11,770 
 
 University House Lake Road 
 TX 
 240,765 
 687 
 584 
 85% 
 15,387 
 
 Village Square Apartments 
 TX 
 232,783 
 271 
 243 
 90% 
 8,112 
 
 Villages At Kitty Hawk 
 TX 
 245,854 
 308 
 233 
 76% 
 11,550 
 
 Waterford Place II Villas 
 TX 
 287,231 
 264 
 224 
 84% 
 16,117 
 
 Waterford Place Shadow Creek 
 TX 
 328,676 
 296 
 247 
 83% 
 16,500 
 
 Woodridge Park Apartments 
 TX 
 184,704 
 216 
 180 
 84% 
 13,399 
 
 7,539,435 
 9,481 
 8,039 
 84% (2) 
 $479,235 
 
 (1) includes 41,441 square feet of retail space of which 36,278 or 88% is financially occupied 
 
 (2) Financial Occupancy is defined as the percentage of total gross leasable area for which a tenant is obligated to pay rent under the terms of its lease agreement, regardless of the actual use or occupation by that tenant of the area being leased. The weighted average is an average of the properties&#146; occupancy based on the total Gross Leasable Area of the segment. 

 Lodging Segment 

 Lodging Properties 
 Location 
 Franchisor (1) 
 Number of Rooms 
 Revenue Per Available Room for the Year 2009 ($) 
 Average Daily Rate for the Year 2009 ($) 
 Occupancy for the Year 2009 (%) 
 Mortgage Payable as of 12/31/2009 ($) 
 
 Comfort Inn Riverview 
 SC 
 Choice 
 129 
 50 
 78 
 64 
 - 
 
 Comfort Inn University 
 NC 
 Choice 
 136 
 32 
 65 
 50 
 - 
 
 Comfort Inn Cross Creek 
 NC 
 Choice 
 123 
 60 
 84 
 72 
 - 
 
 Comfort Inn Orlando 
 FL 
 Choice 
 214 
 30 
 48 
 61 
 - 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott 
 MI 
 Marriott 
 160 
 75 
 110 
 68 
 12,225 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Brookhollow 
 TX 
 Marriott 
 197 
 49 
 110 
 45 
 - 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Northwest 
 TX 
 Marriott 
 126 
 66 
 122 
 54 
 7,263 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Roanoke Airport 
 VA 
 Marriott 
 135 
 75 
 116 
 64 
 14,651 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Chicago-St. Charles 
 IL 
 Marriott 
 121 
 49 
 97 
 51 
 - 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott 
 NC 
 Marriott 
 128 
 59 
 91 
 64 
 - 
 
 Courtyard By Marriott-Richmond Airport 
 VA 
 Marriott 
 142 
 56 
 94 
 59 
 11,800 

 -26- 

 Lodging Properties 
 Location 
 Franchisor (1) 
 Number of Rooms 
 Revenue Per Available Room for the Year 2009 ($) 
 Average Daily Rate for the Year 2009 ($) 
 Occupancy for the Year 2009 (%) 
 Mortgage Payable as of 12/31/2009 ($) 
 
 Fairfield Inn 
 MI 
 Marriott 
 110 
 54 
 91 
 59 
 - 
 
 Hampton Inn Suites Duluth-Gwinnett 
 GA 
 Hilton 
 136 
 51 
 83 
 61 
 9,585 
 
 Hampton Inn Baltimore-Inner Harbor 
 MD 
 Hilton 
 116 
 93 
 142 
 65 
 13,700 
 
 Hampton Inn Raleigh - Cary 
 NC 
 Hilton 
 129 
 54 
 83 
 65 
 7,024 
 
 Hampton Inn University Place 
 NC 
 Hilton 
 126 
 53 
 85 
 63 
 8,164 
 
 Comfort Inn Medical Park 
 NC 
 Choice 
 136 
 37 
 64 
 58 
 - 
 
 Baymont Inn 
 NC 
 Wyndham 
 118 
 58 
 84 
 69 
 - 
 
 Hampton Inn Atlanta-Perimeter Center 
 GA 
 Hilton 
 131 
 51 
 85 
 60 
 8,450 
 
 Hampton Inn Crabtree Valley 
 NC 
 Hilton 
 141 
 44 
 83 
 53 
 - 
 
 Hampton Inn White Plains-Tarrytown 
 NY 
 Hilton 
 156 
 74 
 122 
 61 
 15,643 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn Albany Airport 
 NY 
 Hilton 
 155 
 80 
 114 
 70 
 12,050 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn Atlanta Winward 
 GA 
 Hilton 
 164 
 50 
 98 
 51 
 10,503 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn 
 IL 
 Hilton 
 178 
 88 
 125 
 70 
 19,928 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn RDU Airport 
 NC 
 Hilton 
 155 
 76 
 110 
 69 
 8,000 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn Chelsea 
 NY 
 Hilton 
 169 
 147 
 174 
 85 
 30,250 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn Hartford North Bradley International 
 CT 
 Hilton 
 157 
 64 
 105 
 61 
 10,384 
 
 Holiday Inn Express Clearwater Gateway 
 FL 
 IHG 
 127 
 49 
 87 
 56 
 - 
 
 Holiday Inn Harmon Meadow- Secaucus 
 NJ 
 IHG 
 161 
 78 
 126 
 62 
 - 
 
 Homewood Suites 
 NC 
 Hilton 
 150 
 71 
 110 
 65 
 12,747 
 
 Homewood Suites 
 NC 
 Hilton 
 96 
 64 
 95 
 67 
 7,950 
 
 Homewood Suites Houston- Clearlake 
 TX 
 Hilton 
 92 
 102 
 132 
 77 
 7,222 
 
 Homewood Suites 
 FL 
 Hilton 
 112 
 60 
 94 
 64 
 9,900 
 
 Homewood Suites Metro Center 
 AZ 
 Hilton 
 126 
 48 
 84 
 57 
 6,330 
 
 Homewood Suites 
 NJ 
 Hilton 
 142 
 82 
 119 
 69 
 11,800 
 
 Homewood Suites Crabtree Valley 
 NC 
 Hilton 
 137 
 70 
 104 
 67 
 12,869 
 
 Quality Suites 
 SC 
 Choice 
 168 
 44 
 79 
 56 
 10,350 
 
 Residence Inn 
 AZ 
 Marriott 
 168 
 42 
 88 
 47 
 7,500 
 
 Residence Inn Roanoke Airport 
 VA 
 Marriott 
 79 
 84 
 114 
 74 
 5,122 
 
 Towneplace Suites Northwest 
 TX 
 Marriott 
 127 
 51 
 89 
 57 
 7,082 
 
 Towneplace Suites Birmingham- Homewood 
 AL 
 Marriott 
 128 
 38 
 62 
 61 
 - 
 
 Towneplace Suites 
 TX 
 Marriott 
 94 
 57 
 100 
 57 
 4,900 
 
 Towneplace Suites Northwest 
 TX 
 Marriott 
 128 
 42 
 96 
 43 
 - 
 
 Towneplace Suites 
 TX 
 Marriott 
 94 
 71 
 106 
 67 
 5,815 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Country Club Plaza 
 MO 
 Marriott 
 123 
 86 
 121 
 71 
 9,610 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn - Akron 
 OH 
 Hilton 
 121 
 76 
 111 
 69 
 7,164 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn 
 NC 
 Hilton 
 119 
 70 
 110 
 64 
 9,530 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Williams Center 
 AZ 
 Marriott 
 153 
 53 
 98 
 54 
 16,030 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott 
 NJ 
 Marriott 
 125 
 73 
 119 
 62 
 10,320 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Quorum 
 TX 
 Marriott 
 176 
 50 
 99 
 50 
 18,860 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott 
 TX 
 Marriott 
 114 
 71 
 92 
 77 
 6,790 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Westchase 
 TX 
 Marriott 
 153 
 65 
 117 
 56 
 16,680 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott West University 
 TX 
 Marriott 
 100 
 68 
 108 
 63 
 10,980 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott West Lands End 
 TX 
 Marriott 
 92 
 63 
 113 
 55 
 7,550 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Dunn Loring- Fairfax 
 VA 
 Marriott 
 206 
 89 
 125 
 71 
 30,810 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott Seattle-Federal Way 
 WA 
 Marriott 
 160 
 86 
 128 
 67 
 22,830 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn Tampa Ybor 
 FL 
 Hilton 
 95 
 89 
 124 
 72 
 9,460 

 -27- 

 Lodging Properties 
 Location 
 Franchisor (1) 
 Number of Rooms 
 Revenue Per Available Room for the Year 2009 ($) 
 Average Daily Rate for the Year 2009 ($) 
 Occupancy for the Year 2009 (%) 
 Mortgage Payable as of 12/31/2009 ($) 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn 
 NY 
 Hilton 
 140 
 120 
 154 
 78 
 21,680 
 
 Homewood Suites Colorado Springs North 
 CO 
 Hilton 
 127 
 62 
 93 
 66 
 7,830 
 
 Homewood Suites 
 LA 
 Hilton 
 115 
 86 
 115 
 75 
 12,930 
 
 Homewood Suites 
 NM 
 Hilton 
 151 
 75 
 97 
 77 
 10,160 
 
 Homewood Suites Cleveland- Solon 
 OH 
 Hilton 
 86 
 67 
 106 
 63 
 5,490 
 
 Residence Inn Williams Centre 
 AZ 
 Marriott 
 120 
 91 
 112 
 82 
 12,770 
 
 Residence Inn Cypress- Los Alamitos 
 CA 
 Marriott 
 155 
 78 
 121 
 65 
 20,650 
 
 Residence Inn South Brunswick- Cranbury 
 NJ 
 Marriott 
 108 
 53 
 104 
 51 
 10,000 
 
 Residence Inn Somerset-Franklin 
 NJ 
 Marriott 
 108 
 87 
 111 
 79 
 9,890 
 
 Residence Inn 
 NY 
 Marriott 
 100 
 105 
 125 
 84 
 10,810 
 
 Residence Inn Nashville Airport 
 TN 
 Marriott 
 168 
 61 
 89 
 68 
 12,120 
 
 Residence Inn West University 
 TX 
 Marriott 
 120 
 83 
 115 
 73 
 13,100 
 
 Residence Inn 
 TX 
 Marriott 
 102 
 55 
 90 
 61 
 6,900 
 
 Residence Inn DFW Airport North 
 TX 
 Marriott 
 100 
 70 
 113 
 62 
 9,560 
 
 Residence Inn Westchase 
 TX 
 Marriott 
 120 
 85 
 114 
 74 
 12,550 
 
 Residence Inn Park Central 
 TX 
 Marriott 
 139 
 46 
 91 
 50 
 8,970 
 
 SpringHill Suites 
 CT 
 Marriott 
 106 
 67 
 103 
 65 
 9,130 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott 
 MD 
 Marriott 
 140 
 77 
 124 
 62 
 14,400 
 
 Marriott Atlanta Century Center 
 GA 
 Marriott 
 287 
 60 
 108 
 55 
 9,628 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott 
 AL 
 Marriott 
 122 
 90 
 126 
 72 
 6,378 
 
 Marriott Residence Inn 
 MA 
 Marriott 
 221 
 134 
 167 
 80 
 26,726 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott 
 NJ 
 Marriott 
 203 
 68 
 90 
 76 
 9,737 
 
 Marriott Residence Inn 
 NJ 
 Marriott 
 198 
 72 
 97 
 74 
 10,297 
 
 Courtyard by Marriott 
 TX 
 Marriott 
 203 
 79 
 136 
 58 
 14,984 
 
 Marriott Residence Inn 
 NY 
 Marriott 
 128 
 94 
 118 
 80 
 8,109 
 
 Embassy Suites 
 OH 
 Hilton 
 216 
 63 
 114 
 55 
 14,752 
 
 Marriott 
 IL 
 Marriott 
 113 
 92 
 153 
 60 
 7,896 
 
 Doubletree 
 DC 
 Hilton 
 220 
 125 
 169 
 74 
 26,398 
 
 Residence Inn 
 MD 
 Marriott 
 188 
 114 
 151 
 76 
 40,040 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn 
 MA 
 Hilton 
 179 
 68 
 107 
 64 
 5,871 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn 
 DC 
 Hilton 
 300 
 182 
 201 
 91 
 61,000 
 
 Hampton Inn Suites 
 CO 
 Hilton 
 148 
 82 
 131 
 62 
 7,216 
 
 Embassy Suites 
 MD 
 Hilton 
 223 
 73 
 115 
 63 
 12,661 
 
 Hilton Suites 
 AZ 
 Hilton 
 226 
 74 
 138 
 53 
 22,062 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn 
 CO 
 Hilton 
 154 
 44 
 87 
 50 
 8,570 
 
 Homewood Suites 
 TX 
 Hilton 
 162 
 90 
 130 
 70 
 9,415 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn 
 TX 
 Hilton 
 117 
 61 
 107 
 58 
 6,085 
 
 Hyatt Place 
 MA 
 Hyatt 
 157 
 77 
 109 
 71 
 8,142 
 
 Doubletree 
 GA 
 Hilton 
 154 
 64 
 98 
 65 
 6,116 
 
 Hilton University of Florida-Hotel & Convention Center 
 FL 
 Hilton 
 248 
 90 
 143 
 63 
 27,775 
 
 The Woodlands Waterway-Marriott Hotel & Convention Center 
 TX 
 Marriott 
 341 
 126 
 182 
 69 
 - 
 
 Hyatt Regency Orange County 
 CA 
 Hyatt 
 654 
 76 
 114 
 67 
 - 

 15,121 
 $75 
 $115 
 65 
 $1,044,619 

 (1) 
 Our hotels generally are operated under franchise agreements with franchisors including Marriott International, Inc. ( Marriott ), Hilton Hotels Corporation ( Hilton ), Hyatt Corporation ( Hyatt ), Intercontinental Hotels Group PLC ( IHG ), Wyndham Worldwide and Choice Hotels International ( Choice ). 

 -28- 
 
 LIP-H Segment 

 Company 
 State 
 Gross Leasable Area (sq.ft.) 
 % of Financial Occupancy as of December 31, 2009 
 Total # of Leases as of December 31, 2009 
 Mortgage Payable as of December 31, 2009 ($) 
 
 Meridian Corporate Plaza One 
 IN 
 63,600 
 100% 
 1 
 6,967 
 
 Meridian Corporate Plaza Two 
 IN 
 135,503 
 89% 
 9 
 14,681 
 
 St. Francis Cancer Center 
 VA 
 51,183 
 94% 
 11 
 12,350 
 
 Select Medical Augusta 
 GA 
 71,900 
 100% 
 1 
 15,175 
 
 Select Medical Orlando 
 FL 
 48,598 
 100% 
 1 
 13,626 
 
 Select Medical Dallas 
 TX 
 50,530 
 100% 
 1 
 9,200 
 
 Select Medical Tallahassee 
 FL 
 46,684 
 100% 
 1 
 20,505 
 
 Intech Retail 
 IN 
 19,040 
 83% 
 7 
 2,787 

 487,038 
 96% (1) 
 32 
 $95,291 

 (1) Financial Occupancy is defined as the percentage of total gross leasable area for which a tenant is obligated to pay rent under the terms of its lease agreement, regardless of the actual use or occupation by that tenant of the area being leased. The weighted average is an average of the properties&#146; occupancy based on the total Gross Leasable Area of the segment. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Contemporaneous with our merger with Winston Hotels, Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary, Inland American Winston Hotels, Inc., referred to herein as &#147;Inland American Winston,&#148; WINN Limited Partnership, or &#147;WINN,&#148; and Crockett Capital Corporation, or &#147;Crockett,&#148; memorialized in a development memorandum our intentions to subsequently negotiate and enter into a series of contracts to develop certain hotel properties, including without limitation a Westin Hotel in Durham, North Carolina, a Hampton Inn & Suites/Aloft Hotel in Raleigh, North Carolina, an Aloft Hotel in Chapel Hill, North Carolina and an Aloft Hotel in Cary, North Carolina (collectively referred to herein as the &#147;development hotels&#148;). 
 
 On March 6, 2008, Crockett filed an amended complaint in the General Court of Justice of the State of North Carolina against Inland American Winston and WINN. The amended complaint alleges that the development memorandum reflecting the parties&#146; intentions regarding the development hotels was instead an agreement that legally bound the parties. The amended complaint further claims that Inland American Winston and WINN breached the terms of the alleged agreement by failing to take certain actions to develop the Cary, North Carolina hotel and by refusing to convey their rights in the three other development hotels to Crockett. The amended complaint seeks, among other things, monetary damages in an amount not less than $4.8 million with respect to the Cary, North Carolina property. With respect to the remaining three development hotels, the amended complaint seeks specific performance in the form of an order directing Inland American Winston and WINN to transfer their rights in the hotels to Crockett or, alternatively, monetary damages in an amount not less than $20.1 million. Inland American Winston and WINN deny these claims and, on March 26, 2008, filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint. On March 13, 2009, the court denied the motion to dismiss. Inland American Winston and WINN have filed answers and affirmative defenses to the amended complaint as well as counter claims against Crockett. Contemporaneously with the close of fact discovery, Crockett sought leave to amend its complaint to add another cause of action and to seek treble damages and attorneys fees. The court has not yet ruled on this request. Expert discovery has commenced, but has not yet been completed. Based upon an expert report recently received from Crockett, it is believed that Crockett&#146;s maximum claim, without the inclusion of treble damages or attorneys fees, is approximately $16.8 million. The outcome of this lawsuit cannot be predicted with any certainty and management is currently unable to estimate an amount or range of potential loss that could result if an unfavorable outcome occurs. 
 
 On May 22, 2009, Inland American Concord (Sub), LLC (&#147;IA Sub&#148;) filed an action against Lex-Win Concord LLC (&#147;Concord&#148;) in the Delaware Court of Chancery seeking a declaration in connection with certain of our rights/obligations under the Limited Liability Company Agreement (&#147;Agreement&#148;) that governs this venture. IA Sub filed this action, in part, due to a capital call demanded by Concord, which was, in purpose or effect, directed toward satisfying a lender&#146;s concerns about the venture&#146;s ability to perform under its existing credit facilities. IA Sub claimed, as a result of the foregoing, that it was not required to fund the capital call. In response to this action, Concord has answered and filed counterclaims against IA Sub. It claimed that IA Sub was required to fund the additional capital and it also claimed damages against IA Sub for not contributing the additional capital. 
 
 On December 22, 2009, Lexington Realty Trust, Winthrop Realty Trust, Inland American Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc., and their respective subsidiaries entered into a settlement agreement to resolve and settle the IA Sub v. Concord action. The settlement agreement provides for, among other things, the termination of any party&#146;s obligation to contribute capital to Concord, the allocation of distributions equally among Inland, Lexington and Winthrop in Concord, and the formation of a new entity to be owned by subsidiaries of Inland, Lexington and Winthrop. The effectiveness of the settlement agreement is conditioned on certain conditions, including the cancellation of certain CDO bonds held by Concord Debt Funding Trust. A lawsuit has been filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery by Concord to effect such cancellation. The bonds must be cancelled by August 14, 2010, or the settlement agreement 

 -29- 
 
 becomes null and void. If the settlement agreement becomes null and void, the Concord lawsuit set forth above will become reinstated. 
 
 On July 21 2009, Inland American (LIP) Sub, L.L.C., (&#147;IA LIP Sub&#148;) filed an action against Robert Lauth, Michael Curless, Gregory Gurnick, Lawrence Palmer, (collectively &#147;the Defendants&#148;) and Thomas Peck (the &#147;Peck Defendant&#148;) for civil fraud, deception, racketeering, conspiracy and other violations of law (the &#147;Lawsuit&#148;) in order to recover damages with regard to certain losses of IA LIP Sub which occurred as a result with IA LIP Sub&#146;s investment LIP Holdings, L.L.C.(&#147;Holdings&#148;) On September 10, 2009, the Defendants filed answers and counterclaims against IA LIP Sub claiming breach of contract, promissory estoppel, constructive fraud, and breach of duty of good faith and fair dealing, claiming that IA LIP Sub promised to contribute additional funds to Holdings. IA LIP Sub denies all aspects of this counterclaim, and believes that it was filed, without basis in fact, in an attempt to gain leverage over IA LIP Sub in connection with the Lawsuit. On September 16, 2009, the Peck Defendant filed answers and counterclaims against IA LIP Sub claiming, inter alia, that the Lawsuit was filed against Peck for the purpose of inducing Peck to cooperate with IA LIP Sub in its prosecution of its claims against the Defendants. IA LIP Sub denies all aspects of this counterclaim. The parties are now engaged in various pre-trial motions and are undertaking discovery. The outcome of this lawsuit cannot be predicted with any certainty and management is currently unable to estimate an amount or range of potential loss that could result if an unfavorable outcome occurs. 
 
 IA LIP Sub is also a member of Holdings, an entity formed by Inland American with regard to its investment in Lauth. Lauth has defaulted in its obligation to pay dividends to IA LIP Sub, and as a result thereof, has recently received approval from the Bankruptcy Court of the Southern District of Indiana, which is administering a bankruptcy proceeding filed by various subsidiaries of Holdings that are being prosecuted by Lauth principals, that the bankruptcy stay does not apply to Holdings, and granting the right to Holdings to begin the process of liquidating Holdings in connection with the terms of the Holdings LLC agreement. Shortly after that ruling, Lauth representatives served a notice of a claim against Holdings relating to allegations and assertions in connection with a liquidation of Holdings. Holdings believes the claim has no merit. To IA LIP Sub&#146;s knowledge, no lawsuit has yet been filed. 
 
 While management does not believe that an adverse outcome in the above lawsuits would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, there can be no assurance that an adverse outcome would not have a material effect on the results of operations for any particular period. 
 
 We have also filed a number of eviction actions against tenants and are involved in a number of tenant bankruptcies. The tenants in some of the eviction cases may file counterclaims against us in an attempt to gain leverage against us in connection with the eviction. In our opinion, none of these counterclaims is likely to result in any material losses. 
 
 Item 4. Reserved. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market Information 
 
 There is no public market for our common stock and no assurance that one may develop. We do not expect that our shares will be listed for trading on a national securities exchange in the near future. Our board will determine when, and if, to apply to have our shares of common stock listed for trading on a national securities exchange, subject to satisfying existing listing requirements. 
 
 We are currently selling shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan at a price equal to $9.50 per share. The offering price of our shares may be higher or lower than the price at which the shares would trade if they were listed on a national securities exchange or actively traded by dealers or marketmakers. Further, there is no assurance that stockholders will be able to sell any shares that they have purchased in our offerings at prices that equal or exceed the offering price, if at all. 
 
 Under rules published by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&#147;FINRA&#148;), registered broker-dealers must disclose in a customer&#146;s account statement an estimated value for a REIT&#146;s securities if the annual report of that REIT discloses a per share estimated value. The FINRA rules prohibit broker-dealers from using a per share estimated value developed from data that is more than eighteen months old. We are currently evaluating the method that we will use to assist broker-dealers with this requirement. Because of the uncertainties in the marketplace generally and the factors described herein and in our other reports filed under the Exchange Act, which could continue to impact our results of operations and financial condition, we expect that the future per share estimated value of our shares will be less than the price at which we last offered shares in a primary offering or the price of our shares currently offered through our distribution reinvestment plan . 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 We adopted a share repurchase program, effective August 31, 2005, to provide limited liquidity for stockholders. Our obligation to repurchase any shares under the program is conditioned upon our having sufficient funds available to complete the repurchase. Subject to funds being available, we limit the number of shares repurchased during any consecutive twelve month period to 5.0% of the 

 -30- 
 
 number of outstanding shares of common stock at the beginning of that twelve month period. The share repurchase program may be suspended or terminated if: (1) our shares are listed on any national securities exchange, or are subject to bona fide quotes on any inter-dealer quotation system or electronic communications network, or are subject of bona fide quotes in the pink sheets; or (2) our board of directors determines that it is in our best interest to suspend or terminate the share repurchase program. 
 
 Effective March 30, 2009, our board of directors voted to suspend the share repurchase program until further notice. Therefore, no shares were repurchased during the months of October, November or December 2009. Written notice of the suspension was provided to each stockholder pursuant to the terms of the share repurchase program. 
 
 Stockholders 
 
 As of March 10, 2010, we had 186,656 stockholders of record. 
 
 Distributions 
 
 We have been paying monthly cash distributions since October 2005. During the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, we declared cash distributions, which are paid monthly to stockholders, totaling $405.3 million and $418.7 million, respectively, or $.50 and $.62 per share on an annualized basis. For federal income tax purposes for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, 72% and 48% of the distributions paid constituted a return of capital in the applicable year. 
 
 We intend to continue paying regular monthly cash distributions to our stockholders. However, there are many factors that can affect the availability and timing of cash distributions to stockholders. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue paying distributions at the current level or that the amount of distributions will increase, or not decrease further, over time. Even if we are able to continue paying distributions, the actual amount and timing of distributions is determined by our board of directors in its discretion and typically depends on the amount of funds available for distribution, which depends on items such as current and projected cash requirements and tax considerations. As a result, our distribution rate and payment frequency may vary from time to time. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table provides information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2009. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity 
 
 Plan category 
 warrants and rights 
 warrants and rights 
 compensation plans 

 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 
 
 Independent Director Stock Option Plan 
 29,000 
 $ 
 8.95 
 46,000 

 Total: 
 29,000 
 $ 
 8.95 
 46,000 

 We have adopted an Independent Director Stock Option Plan which, subject to certain conditions, provides for the grant to each independent director of an option to purchase 3,000 shares following their becoming a director and for the grant of additional options to purchase 500 shares on the date of each annual stockholder's meeting. The options for the initial 3,000 shares are exercisable as follows: 1,000 shares on the date of grant and 1,000 shares on each of the first and second anniversaries of the date of grant. All other options are exercisable on the second anniversary of the date of grant. The initial options are exercisable at $8.95 per share. The subsequent options are exercisable at $8.95 per share prior to the time that there is a public market for our shares. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 
 The following table shows our consolidated selected financial data relating to our consolidated historical financial condition and results of operations. Such selected data should be read in conjunction with Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 

 -31- 
 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this report (dollar amounts are stated in thousands, except per share amounts.) 

 2009 
 2008 
 2007 
 2006 
 2005 

 Total assets 
 $ 
 11,328,211 
 11,136,866 
 8,211,758 
 3,040,037 
 865,851 

 Mortgages, notes and margins payable 
 $ 
 5,085,899 
 4,437,997 
 3,028,647 
 1,107,113 
 227,654 

 Total income 
 $ 
 1,130,148 
 1,050,738 
 478,736 
 123,202 
 6,668 

 Total interest and dividend income 
 $ 
 55,189 
 81,274 
 84,288 
 22,164 
 1,663 

 Net income (loss) applicable to Company 
 $ 
 (397,960) 
 (365,178) 
 55,922 
 1,896 
 (1,457) 

 Net income (loss) per common share, basic and diluted (a) 
 $ 
 (.49) 
 (.54) 
 .14 
 .03 
 (1.65) 

 Distributions declared to common stockholders 
 $ 
 405,337 
 418,694 
 242,606 
 41,178 
 438 

 Distributions per weighted average common share (a) 
 $ 
 .50 
 .62 
 .61 
 .60 
 .11 

 Funds from operations (a)(b) 
 $ 
 35,820 
 6,350 
 234,215 
 48,088 
 (859) 

 Cash flows provided by operating activities 
 $ 
 369,031 
 384,365 
 263,420 
 65,883 
 11,498 

 Cash flows used in investing activities 
 $ 
 (563,163) 
 (2,484,825) 
 (4,873,404) 
 (1,552,014) 
 (810,725) 

 Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 
 $ 
 (250,602) 
 2,636,325 
 4,716,852 
 1,751,494 
 836,156 

 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 811,400,035 
 675,320,438 
 396,752,280 
 68,374,350 
 884,058 

 (a) 
 The net income (loss) per share basic and diluted is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The distributions per common share are based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007. See Footnote (b) below for information regarding our calculation of FFO. Our distributions of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes are taxable to stockholders as ordinary income; however in 2005 we had a tax loss which resulted in distributions paid during that period being treated as a return of capital for tax purposes. Distributions in excess of these earnings and profits generally are treated as a non-taxable reduction of the stockholder's basis in the shares to the extent thereof, and thereafter as taxable gain for tax purposes. Distributions in excess of earnings and profits have the effect of deferring taxation of the amount of the distributions until the sale of the stockholder's shares, only to the extent of a shareholder's basis. For the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, $296,491, $194,239 and $81,701 (or approximately 72%, 48% and 37% of the $411,797, $405,925 and $222,697 distributions paid in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively) represented a return of capital. In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must make annual distributions to stockholders of at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, subject to certain adjustments, such as excluding net capital gains. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to make distributions in excess of cash available for distribution in order to meet the REIT distribution requirements. 
 
 (b) 
 Cash generated from operations is not equivalent to our net income from continuing operations as determined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. Due to certain unique operating characteristics of real estate companies, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or NAREIT, an industry trade group, has promulgated a standard known as Funds from Operations&#148;, or FFO , which it believes more accurately reflects the operating performance of a REIT such as us. As defined by NAREIT, FFO means net income computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property, plus depreciation and amortization on real property and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures in which the Company holds an interest. FFO is not intended to be an alternative to Net Income as an indicator of our performance nor to Cash Flows from Operating Activities as determined by GAAP as a measure of our capacity to pay distributions. We believe that FFO is a better measure of our operating performance because FFO excludes non-cash items from GAAP net income. This allows us to compare our property performance to our investment objectives. Management uses the calculation of FFO for several reasons. We use FFO to compare our performance to that of 

 -32- 
 
 other REITs. Additionally, we use FFO in conjunction with our acquisition policy to determine investment capitalization strategy. FFO is calculated as follows (in thousands): 

 Year ended December 31, 
 
 2009 
 2008 
 2007 
 
 Net income (loss) applicable to common shares 
 $ 
 (397,960) 
 (365,178) 
 55,922 
 
 Add: 
 Depreciation and amortization: 
 
 Related to investment properties 
 394,995 
 320,402 
 174,163 
 
 Related to investment in unconsolidated entities, net of related gains on sale of real estate 
 41,300 
 53,761 
 6,538 
 
 Less: 
 Noncontrolling interests' share: 
 
 Depreciation and amortization related to investment properties 
 2,515 
 2,635 
 2,408 

 Funds from operations 
 $ 
 35,820 
 6,350 
 234,215 

 Below is additional information related to certain items that significantly impact the comparability of our Funds from Operations and Net Income from the periods presented: 

 Year ended December 31, 

 2009 
 2008 
 2007 
 
 Additions (deductions) that were included in net income and FFO 
 
 Provision for asset impairment 
 $ 
 (34,051) 
 (33,809) 
 - 
 
 Provision for goodwill impairment 
 $ 
 (26,676) 
 (11,199) 
 - 
 
 Impairment of notes receivable 
 $ 
 (74,136) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss on consolidated investment 
 $ 
 (148,887) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of Concord Debt Holdings, LLC 
 $ 
 (75,787) 
 6,888 
 - 
 
 Impairment of investment in unconsolidated entities 
 $ 
 (7,443) 
 (61,993) 
 (10,084) 
 
 Realized gain (loss) and impairment on securities, net 
 $ 
 34,155 
 (262,105) 
 (2,466) 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 $ 
 - 
 7,760 
 - 

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 We electronically file our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The public may read and copy any of the reports that are filed with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549-3628. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference room by calling the SEC at (800)-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site at (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. 
 
 Certain statements in this &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; and elsewhere in this Form 10-K constitute &#147;forward-looking statements&#148; within the meaning of the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical, including statements regarding management&#146;s intentions, beliefs, expectations, representations, plans or predictions of the future and are typically identified by words such as &#147;believe,&#148; &#147;expect,&#148; &#147;anticipate,&#148; &#147;intend,&#148; &#147;estimate,&#148; &#147;may,&#148; &#147;will,&#148; &#147;should&#148; and &#147;could.&#148; Similarly, statements that describe or contain information related to matters such as management&#146;s intent, belief or expectation with respect to the Company&#146;s financial performance, investment strategy and portfolio, cash flows, growth prospects, legal proceedings, amount and timing of anticipated future cash distributions, estimated per share value of the Company&#146;s common stock and other matters are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but are the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company&#146;s management based on their knowledge and understanding of the business and industry, the economy and other future conditions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and stockholders should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors, including but not limited to the factors listed and described under &#147;Risk Factors&#148; in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . These factors include, but are not limited to: market and economic challenges experienced by the U.S. economy or real estate industry as a whole, including in the lodging industry, and the local economic conditions in the markets in which the Company&#146;s properties are located; the Company&#146;s ability to refinance maturing debt or to obtain new financing on attractive terms; the availability of cash flow from operating activities to fund distributions; future increases in interest rates; and actions or failures by the Company&#146;s joint venture partners, including development partners. The Company intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors created by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results. 

 -33- 
 
 The following discussion and analysis relates to the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 and as of December 31, 2009 and 2008. You should read the following discussion and analysis along with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes included in this report. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We seek to invest in real estate assets that we believe will produce attractive current yields and long-term risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders and to generate sustainable cash flow from our operations to fund distributions to our stockholders. To achieve these objectives, we selectively acquire and actively manage, through affiliates of our business manager, investments in commercial real estate. Our property managers for our non-lodging properties actively seek to lease space at favorable rates, control expenses, and maintain strong tenant relationships. We oversee the management of our lodging facilities through active engagement with our third party managers and franchisors to maximize occupancy and daily rates as well as control expenses. 
 
 The credit market disruptions and lack of liquidity continue to impact the overall economy and real estate sector. The overall economic environment has experienced a significant slow-down, including lower consumer spending, increased unemployment with many business sectors having experienced lower earnings. Although the general economy has shown signs of a recovery, commercial real estate historically lags the general economy in a recovery. These factors will continue to impact the real estate market, including increased tenant bankruptcies and lower occupancies and rental rates across all segments. Our segments have experienced lower revenues from this slowdown all of which have impacted our business and results of operations as well as the cash available to pay as distributions. 
 
 On a consolidated basis, essentially all of our revenues and cash flows from operations for the year ended December 31, 2009 were generated by collecting rental payments from our tenants, room revenues from lodging properties, interest income on our notes receivable investments, distributions from unconsolidated entities and dividend income earned from investments in marketable securities. Our largest cash expense relates to the operation of our properties as well as the interest expense on our mortgages and notes payable. Our property operating expenses include, but are not limited to, real estate taxes, regular repair and maintenance, management fees, utilities and insurance (some of which are recoverable). Our lodging operating expenses include, but are not limited to, rooms, food and beverage, utility, administrative and marketing, payroll, franchise and management fees and repairs and maintenance expenses. 
 
 In evaluating our financial condition and operating performance, management focuses on the following financial and non-financial indicators, discussed in further detail herein: 
 
 &#183; 
 Funds from Operations ( FFO ), a supplemental measure to net income determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). 
 &#183; 
 Economic and physical occupancy and rental rates. 
 &#183; 
 Leasing activity and lease rollover. 
 &#183; 
 Average daily room rate, revenue per available room, and average occupancy to measure our lodging properties. 
 &#183; 
 Debt maturities and leverage ratios. 
 &#183; 
 Liquidity levels 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 General 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 
 This section describes and compares our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007. We generate most of our net operating income from property operations. In order to evaluate our overall portfolio, management analyzes the operating performance of all properties from period to period and properties we have owned and operated for the same period during each year. A total of 716 and 93 of our investment properties satisfied the criteria of being owned for the entire years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 and December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively, and are referred to herein as same store properties. This analysis allows management to monitor the operations of our existing properties for comparable periods to measure the performance of our current portfolio. Additionally, we are able to determine the effects of our new acquisitions on net income. Unless otherwise noted, all dollar amounts are stated in thousands (except per share amounts, per square foot amounts, revenue per available room and average daily rate). 

 -34- 
 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 

 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 
 December 31, 2009 
 December 31, 2008 
 
 Net loss applicable to the Company 
 $ 
 (397,960) 
 $ 
 (365,178) 

 Net loss per share 
 (.49) 
 (.54) 

 Net loss increased from $(365,178) or $(.54) per share for the year ended December 31, 2008 to $(397,960) or $(.49) per share for the year ended December 31, 2009. The primary reason for the decrease was the loss on consolidated investment of $148,887, impairment of notes receivable of $74,136 and equity in losses of unconsolidated entities of $78,487 for the year ended December 31, 2009, countered by the effect of impairments on investment securities of $262,105 and on investments in unconsolidated entities at $61,993 for the year ended December 31, 2008. A detailed discussion of our impairments is included under Realized Gain (Loss) on Securities and Impairment of Investment in Unconsolidated Entities, Impairments of Notes Receivable and LIP-H consolidation. 
 
 Rental Income, Tenant Recovery Income, Lodging Income and Other Property Income. Except for our lodging and multi-family properties, the majority of the revenue from the properties consists of rents received under long-term operating leases. Some leases provide for the payment of fixed base rent paid monthly in advance, and for the reimbursement by tenants of the tenant's pro rata share of certain operating expenses including real estate taxes, special assessments, insurance, utilities, common area maintenance, management fees, and certain building repairs paid by the landlord and recoverable under the terms of the lease. Under these leases, we pay all expenses and are reimbursed by the tenant for the tenant's pro rata share of recoverable expenses. Certain other tenants are subject to net leases which require the tenant to be responsible for fixed base rent as well as all costs and expenses associated with occupancy. Under net leases, where all expenses are paid directly by the tenant, expenses are not included in the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. Under leases where all expenses are paid by us, subject to reimbursement by the tenant, the expenses are included within property operating expenses, and reimbursements are included in tenant recovery income on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 Our lodging properties generate revenue through sales of rooms and associated food and beverage services. We measure our financial performance by revenue generated per available room known as RevPAR, which is an operational measure commonly used in the hotel industry to evaluate hotel performance. RevPAR represents the product of the average daily room rate charged and the average daily occupancy achieved but excludes other revenue generated by a hotel property, such as food and beverage, parking, telephone and other guest service revenues. 
 
 Rental income consists of basic monthly rent, straight-line rent adjustments, amortization of acquired above and below market leases, fee income, and percentage rental income recorded pursuant to tenant leases. Tenant recovery income consists of reimbursements for real estate taxes, common area maintenance costs, management fees, and insurance costs. Lodging income consists of room revenues, food and beverage revenues, telephone revenues and miscellaneous revenues. Other property income consists of lease termination fees and other miscellaneous property income. 
 
 Below is a summary of sources of revenue for years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008. 

 Year ended 
 December 31, 2009 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 2008 
 2009 increase (decrease) from 2008 
 
 Property rentals 
 $ 
 529,230 
 $ 
 398,417 
 $ 
 130,813 
 
 Straight-line rents 
 16,328 
 17,457 
 (1,129) 
 
 Amortization of acquired above and below 
 market leases, net 
 1,688 
 2,408 
 (720) 
 
 Total rental income 
 $ 
 547,246 
 $ 
 418,282 
 $ 
 128,964 

 Tenant recoveries 
 84,237 
 74,169 
 10,068 
 
 Other income 
 18,778 
 26,703 
 (7,925) 
 
 Lodging operating income 
 479,887 
 531,584 
 (51,697) 
 
 Total property revenues 
 $ 
 1,130,148 
 $ 
 1,050,738 
 $ 
 79,410 

 Total property revenues increased $79,410 for the year ended December 31, 2009 over the prior year. The increase in property revenues in 2009 was due primarily to a full year of operations reflected in 2009 for properties acquired during 2008 in addition to 2009 acquisitions of 48 properties, offset by decreases in our lodging segment, as discussed below. 
 
 Property Operating Expenses and Real Estate Taxes . Property operating expenses for properties other than lodging properties consist of property management fees paid to property managers including affiliates of our sponsor and operating expenses, including costs of owning and maintaining investment properties, real estate taxes, insurance, utilities, maintenance to the exterior of the buildings and 

 -35- 
 
 the parking lots. Lodging operating expenses include the room, food and beverage, payroll, utilities, any fees paid to our third party operators, insurance, marketing, and other expenses required to maintain and operate our lodging facilities. 

 Year ended 
 December 31, 2009 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 2008 
 2009 increase (decrease) from 2008 
 
 Property operating expenses 
 $ 
 115,858 
 $ 
 84,614 
 $ 
 31,244 
 
 Lodging operating expenses 
 304,795 
 313,939 
 (9,144) 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 85,850 
 71,142 
 14,708 
 
 Total property expenses 
 $ 
 506,503 
 $ 
 469,695 
 $ 
 36,808 

 Total property operating expenses increased $36,808 for the year ended December 31, 2009 compared to the year ended December 31, 2008 due to the effect of operations of the additional 48 properties acquired after December 31, 2008 as well as the full year impact of 2008 acquisitions, offset by decreases in the lodging segment. 
 
 Other Operating Income and Expenses 
 
 Other operating expenses are summarized as follows: 

 Year ended 
 December 31, 2009 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 2008 
 2009 increase (decrease) from 2008 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 $ 
 395,501 
 $ 
 320,792 
 $ 
 74,709 
 
 Interest expense 
 254,308 
 231,822 
 22,486 
 
 General and administrative (1) 
 43,499 
 34,087 
 9,412 
 
 Business manager fee 
 39,000 
 18,500 
 20,500 
 
 $ 
 732,308 
 $ 
 605,201 
 $ 
 127,107 

 (1) Includes expenses paid to affiliates of our sponsor as described below. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization. The $74,709 increase in depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2009 relative to the year ended December 31, 2008 was due substantially to the impact of the properties acquired during 2008 and 2009. 
 
 Interest expense. The $22,486 increase in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2009 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2008 was primarily due to mortgage debt financings during 2009 which increased to $5,056,398 from $4,405,558. Our average interest rate on outstanding debt was 4.9% and 5.1% as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 
 
 We have experienced a lower overall weighted average interest rate due to the decline in London InterBank Offered Rate (&#147;LIBOR&#148;). If LIBOR increases, we will experience higher weighted average interest rates, which would impact our financial results. 
 
 A summary of interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 appears below: 

 Year ended 
 December 31, 2009 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 2008 
 2009 increase (decrease) from 2008 
 
 Debt Type 
 
 Margin and other interest expense 
 $ 
 16,190 
 $ 
 23,482 
 $ 
 (7,292) 
 
 Mortgages 
 238,118 
 208,340 
 29,778 

 Total 
 $ 
 254,308 
 $ 
 231,822 
 $ 
 22,486 

 General and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses primarily consist of legal, audit and other professional fees, acquisition related expenses, insurance, board of director fees, state and local taxes as well as salary, information technology and other administrative cost reimbursements paid to our business manager and affiliates, and investment advisor fees. Our expenses were $43,499 for the year ended December 31, 2009 and $34,087 for the year ended December 31, 2008. The increase is due primarily to the growth of our asset and stockholder base during 2009 and 2008, as well as $9,617 and $6,502 of acquisition and dead deal costs for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 
 
 During 2009, we expensed acquisition costs of all transactions as incurred. Thus all costs related to finding, analyzing and negotiating a transaction will be expensed as incurred as a general and administrative expense, whether or not the acquisition is completed. These expenses would include acquisition fees, if any, paid to an affiliate of our business manager. In the year ended December 31, 2009, we incurred $3,844 of acquisition costs that are included in the general and administrative expenses of $43,499. Separately, we expensed $5,773 of dead deal costs for the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 
 Business Manager Fee. After our stockholders have received a non-cumulative, non-compounded return of 5% per annum on their invested capital, we pay our business manager an annual business management fee of up to 1% of the average invested assets, 

 -36- 
 
 payable quarterly in an amount equal to 0.25% of the average invested assets as of the last day of the immediately preceding quarter. We incurred a business management fee equal to $39,000 for the year ended December 31, 2009 or .38% of average invested assets, waiving the remaining $64,584 for the year ended December 31, 2009. We incurred a business manager management fee of $18,500 for the year ended 2008. Once we have satisfied the minimum return on invested capital described above, the amount of the actual fee paid to the business manager is determined by the business manager up to the amount permitted by the agreement. There is no assurance that our business manager will continue to forego or defer all or a portion of its business management fee. 
 
 Interest and Dividend Income and Realized Gain (Loss) on Securities. Interest income consists of interest earned on short term investments and notes receivable. Dividends are earned from investments in our portfolio of marketable securities. 

 Year ended December 31, 2009 
 Year ended December 31, 2008 
 
 Interest Income 
 $ 
 37,212 
 $ 
 50,331 
 
 Dividend Income 
 17,977 
 30,943 
 
 Total 
 $ 
 55,189 
 $ 
 81,274 

 Realized gain (loss) on investment securities 
 $ 
 38,193 
 $ 
 (15,941) 
 
 Other than temporary impairments 
 (4,038) 
 (246,164) 
 
 Total 
 $ 
 34,155 
 $ 
 (262,105) 

 Interest income was $37,212 and $50,331 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Interest income is earned on our cash balances and notes receivable. Our average cash balance in 2009 was $685,725 and our average interest rate earned on cash investments was .4% for the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 
 Our notes receivable balance of $423,478 as of December 31, 2009 consisted of installment notes from unrelated parties that mature on various dates through May 2012. The notes are secured by mortgages on land, shopping centers and lodging facilities. Interest only is due each month at rates ranging from 1.86% to 9.50% per annum. For the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, we recorded interest income from notes receivable of $26,355 and $27,614, respectively. See Notes Receivable section in Liquidity and Capital Resources for more discussion. 
 
 Dividend income decreased by $12,966 for the year ended December 31, 2009 compared to the year ended December 31, 2008 as a result of reduced dividend payout rates. Our investments continue to generate dividends, however some REITs we have invested in have reduced their payout rates and we could continue to see further reductions in the future. The following analysis outlines our yield earned on our portfolio of securities. 

 December 31, 2009 
 December 31, 2008 
 
 Dividend income 
 17,977 
 30,943 
 
 Margin interest expense 
 (168) 
 (3,776) 
 
 Investment advisor fee 
 (1,319) 
 (2,162) 
 
 16,490 
 25,005 

 Average investment in marketable securities (1) 
 449,480 
 449,415 
 
 Average margin payable balance 
 (25,214) 
 (115,557) 
 
 Net investment 
 424,266 
 333,858 

 Leveraged yield (annualized) 
 3.9% 
 7.5% 

 (1) 
 The average investment in marketable securities represents our original investment in securities. Unrealized gains and losses, including impairments, are not reflected. 
 
 Noncontrolling Interest. The noncontrolling interest represents the interests of the third parties in Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. ( MB REIT ) and consolidated joint ventures managed by third parties. 
 
 Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Entities. In 2009, we have equity in losses of unconsolidated entities of $78.5 million. This is an increase of $32.4 million from last year&#146;s equity in losses of unconsolidated entities of $46.1 million as of December 31, 2008, which is mainly due to significant losses incurred and impairments recorded by our Concord Debt joint venture of which our portion was $75.8 million. 
 
 Provision for Asset Impairment. For the year ended December 31, 2009, we recorded a provision for asset impairment of $34.1 million to reduce the book value of certain of our investment properties to fair value. For the year ended December 31, 2008, a provision of $33.8 million was recorded for asset impairment. 

 -37- 
 
 Provision for Goodwill Impairment. For the year ended December 31, 2009, we have recorded impairment of $26.7 million to our goodwill. We recorded impairment of $11.2 million to our goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2008. The impairments are primarily due to the effect of the slowdown in the economy and its impact on the property resulting in increases in capitalization and discount rates used in the fair value calculation. Increases in these rates reduce the fair value of goodwill. Each of the three properties with goodwill recorded an impairment. As a result, goodwill on each property is stated at fair value as of December 31, 2009. 
 
 Impairment of Notes Receivable. For the year ended December 31, 2009, we have recorded an impairment of notes receivable of $74.1 million. No impairment was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2008. Certain of our loans, including loans in default, have had declines in the fair value of the underlying collateral which result in impairments of our loan receivable balance to the extent the collateral is valued below the loan book value. 
 
 Impairment of Investment in Unconsolidated Entities. For the year ended December 31, 2009, we recorded an impairment of $7.4 million on our investment in unconsolidated entities. For the year ended December 31, 2008, we recorded a $51.4 million loss on our investment in Feldman Mall Properties, Inc. Such impairment charge reduces the carrying value of our investment in Feldman to $0 as of December 31, 2008. In addition, the projected leasing for one of our development joint ventures did not meet our initial expectations and it is difficult to project when significant leasing will be achieved for the project and an impairment charge of $10.6 million was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2008. 
 
 Segment Reporting 
 
 An analysis of results of operations by segment is below. The tables contained throughout summarize certain key operating performance measures for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008. 
 
 Retail Segment 

 Total Retail Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 
 
 2009 
 2008 
 
 Retail Properties 
 
 Physical occupancy 
 92% 
 94% 
 
 Economic occupancy 
 93% 
 95% 
 
 Base rent per square foot 
 $ 
 15.78 
 $ 
 16.41 
 
 Gross investment in properties 
 $ 
 3,444,670 
 $ 
 2,978,232 

 The following table represents lease expirations for the retail segment: 

 Lease Expiration Year 
 Number of Expiring Leases 
 GLA of Expiring Leases (Sq. Ft.) 
 Annualized Base Rent of Expiring Leases ($) 
 Percent of Total GLA 
 Percent of Total Annualized Base Rent 
 Expiring Rent/Square Foot 
 
 2010 
 245 
 639,402 
 10,289 
 4.1% 
 3.9% 
 $16.09 
 
 2011 
 262 
 790,258 
 12,980 
 5.1% 
 4.9% 
 $16.43 
 
 2012 
 360 
 1,496,841 
 28,276 
 9.6% 
 10.8% 
 $18.89 
 
 2013 
 216 
 620,842 
 11,479 
 4.0% 
 4.4% 
 $18.49 
 
 2014 
 210 
 1,399,151 
 20,761 
 9.0% 
 7.9% 
 $14.84 
 
 Thereafter 
 1,004 
 10,570,098 
 178,803 
 68.2% 
 68.1% 
 $16.92 
 
 2,297 
 15,516,592 
 262,588 
 100% 
 100% 
 $16.92 

 Our retail business is not highly dependent on specific retailers or specific retail industries which we believe shields the portfolio from significant revenue variances over time. The occupancy rates above are as of the end of the period and do not represent the average rate during the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008. 
 
 Our retail business is centered on multi-tenant properties with fewer than 120,000 square feet of total space, located in stable communities, primarily in the southwest and southeast regions of the country. Adding to this core investment profile is a select number of traditional mall properties and single-tenant properties. Among the single-tenant properties, the largest holdings are comprised of investments in bank branches operated by SunTrust Bank and Citizens Bank, where the tenant-occupant pays rent with contractual increases over time, and bears virtually all expenses associated with operating the facility. 
 
 Our tenants largely consist of basic-need retailers such as grocery, pharmacy, moderate-fashion shoes and clothing, and services. We have only limited exposure to retail categories such as books/music/video, big-box electronics, fast-food restaurants, new-concept, and other goods-providers, which we believe are being impacted the greatest by the internet and existing economic conditions. 

 -38- 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2009, our retail portfolio had a limited number of tenant issues related to retailer bankruptcy. As of December 31, 2009, our retail portfolio contained only eleven retailers, renting approximately 279,061 square feet, that were under bankruptcy protection. We do not believe these bankruptcies will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 We have not experienced bankruptcies or receivable write-offs in our retail portfolio that have materially impacted our result of operations notwithstanding the overall decline in the economy or retail environment. However, we continue to actively monitor our retail tenants as a continued downturn in the economy could have negative impact on our tenants&#146; abilities to pay rent or our ability to fill space that is currently vacant, or space that becomes vacant in the near future. 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 
 
 The table below represents operating information for the retail segment of 713 properties and for the same store retail segment consisting of 545 properties acquired prior to January 1, 2008. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the entire years ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, respectively. 

 Total Retail Segment 
 Same Store Retail Segment 
 
 Increase/ 
 Increase/ 
 
 2009 
 2008 
 (Decrease) 
 2009 
 2008 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Revenues: 
 
 Rental income 
 $ 
 243,719 
 $ 
 206,591 
 $ 
 37,128 
 $ 
 181,915 
 $ 
 190,337 
 $ 
 (8,422) 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 
 50,042 
 43,411 
 6,631 
 38,597 
 42,052 
 (3,455) 
 
 Other property income 
 6,374 
 3,322 
 3,052 
 4,494 
 2,937 
 1,557 

 Total revenues 
 $ 
 300,135 
 $ 
 253,324 
 $ 
 46,811 
 $ 
 225,006 
 $ 
 235,326 
 $ 
 (10,320) 

 Expenses: 

 Property operating expenses 
 $ 
 48,063 
 $ 
 39,264 
 $ 
 8,799 
 $ 
 35,978 
 $ 
 37,532 
 $ 
 (1,554) 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 30,442 
 26,458 
 3,984 
 25,243 
 26,188 
 (945) 

 Total operating expenses 
 $ 
 78,505 
 $ 
 65,722 
 $ 
 12,783 
 $ 
 61,221 
 $ 
 63,720 
 $ 
 (2,499) 

 Net operating income 
 221,630 
 187,602 
 34,028 
 163,785 
 171,606 
 (7,821) 

 Average occupancy for the period 
 94% 
 96% 
 (2%) 
 93% 
 96% 
 (3%) 

 Our retail segment&#146;s rental revenues increased from $253,324 for the year ended December 31, 2008 to $300,135 for the year ended December 31, 2009 mainly due to the acquisition of 25 retail properties since December 31, 2008. Retail property operating expenses also increased from $65,722 in 2008 to $78,505 in 2009 as a result of these acquisitions. 
 
 The primary reason for the decrease in revenue and net property operations for the retail same store comparison is a decrease in economic occupancy of 3% between the year ended December 31, 2008 and the year ended December 31, 2009. The decrease in occupancy has resulted from an overall decline in the economy and the impact on demand for retail space. We believe an increase in our occupancy is dependent on a recovery of consumer spending and increased demand by retailers for space. The primary reason for the decrease in property operating expenses was contract renegotiations that took place in 2009 for all contracted services as well as a decline in real estate taxes, in addition to 2008 experiencing hurricane related repairs. 
 
 Lodging Segment 

 For the year ended 
 For the year ended 
 
 December 31, 2009 
 December 31, 2008 
 
 Lodging Properties 
 
 Revenue per available room 
 $ 
 75 
 $ 
 89 
 
 Average daily rate 
 $ 
 115 
 $ 
 129 
 
 Occupancy 
 65% 
 69% 
 
 Gross investment in properties 
 $ 
 2,720,238 
 $ 
 2,703,097 

 We believe the decreases in lodging revenues per available room, average daily rate and occupancy are primarily a result of the current economic slowdown that has affected all industries and travel segments. 

 -39- 
 
 Lodging facilities have characteristics different from those found in office, retail, industrial, and multi-family properties (also known as traditional asset classes ). Revenue, operating expenses, and net income are directly tied to the daily hotel sales operation whereas other traditional asset classes generate revenue from medium to long-term lease contracts. In this way, net operating income is somewhat more predictable among the properties in the other traditional asset classes, though we believe that opportunities to increase revenue are, in many cases, limited because of the duration of the existing lease contracts. We believe lodging facilities have the benefit of capturing increased revenue opportunities on a daily or weekly basis but are also subject to immediate decreases in revenue as a result of declines in daily rental rates and/or daily occupancy when demand falls off quickly. Due to seasonality, we expect our revenues to be greater during the second and third quarters with lower revenues in the first and fourth quarters. 
 
 Two practices are common in the lodging industry: 1) association with national franchise organizations and 2) professional management by specialized third-party hotel managers. Our portfolio consists of assets aligned with what we believe are the top franchise enterprises in the lodging industry: Marriott, Hilton, Intercontinental, Hyatt, Wyndham, and Choice Hotels. By doing so, we believe our lodging operations benefit from enhanced advertising, marketing, and sales programs through a franchise arrangement while the franchisee (in this case us) pays only a fraction of the overall cost for these programs. We believe effective TV, radio, print, on-line, and other forms of advertisement are necessary to draw customers to our lodging facilities creating higher occupancy and rental rates, and increased revenue. Additionally, by using the franchise system we are also able to benefit from the frequent traveler rewards programs or &#147;point awards&#148; systems which we believe further bolsters occupancy and overall daily rental rates. 
 
 Our lodging facilities are generally classified in the upscale or upper-upscale lodging categories. All of our lodging facilities are managed by third-party managers with extensive experience and skill in hospitality operations. These third-party managers report to a dedicated, specialized group within our business manager that has, in our view, extensive expertise in lodging ownership and operation within a REIT environment. This group has daily interaction with all third-party managers, and closely monitors all aspects of our lodging interests. Additionally, this group also maintains close relationships with the franchisors to assure that each property maintains high levels of customer satisfaction, franchise conformity, and revenue-management. 
 
 During 2008 and 2009, the hotel industry experienced declines in both occupancy levels and rental rates (better known as Average Daily Rate or ADR ). The downturn in performance affected all major segments of the travel industry (e.g. corporate travel, group travel, and leisure travel). The industry is projecting to see ongoing declines in Revenue per Available Room growth through early 2010 with a possible recovery in Rev/Par in the second half of 2010. For 2010, the industry is predicting Revenue per Available Room ranging from negative (1.5%) &#150; (3.5%) compared to 2009. We believe revenues will start growing when Gross Domestic Product (&#147;GDP&#148;) begins a period of consistent growth. For 2010, we believe that our revenue per available room should be consistent with the overall industry trends. 
 
 Our third party managers and asset management are focusing on reducing variable costs and gaining market share from competitors as a result of the declines in revenues. 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 
 
 The table below represents operating information for the lodging segment of 99 properties and for the same store portfolio consisting of 76 properties acquired prior to January 1, 2008. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the entire years ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008. 

 Total Lodging Segment 
 Same Store Lodging Segment 
 
 Increase/ 
 Increase/ 
 
 2009 
 2008 
 (Decrease) 
 2009 
 2008 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Revenues: 
 
 Lodging operating income 
 $ 
 479,887 
 $ 
 531,584 
 $ 
 (51,697) 
 $ 
 298,395 
 $ 
 359,614 
 $ 
 (61,219) 

 Total revenues 
 $ 
 479,887 
 $ 
 531,584 
 $ 
 (51,697) 
 $ 
 298,395 
 $ 
 359,614 
 $ 
 (61,219) 

 Expenses: 
 
 Lodging operating expenses to non-related parties 
 $ 
 304,795 
 $ 
 313,939 
 $ 
 (9,144) 
 $ 
 183,903 
 $ 
 210,982 
 $ 
 (27,079) 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 27,660 
 23,949 
 3,711 
 16,482 
 15,849 
 633 

 Total operating expenses 
 $ 
 332,455 
 $ 
 337,888 
 $ 
 (5,433) 
 $ 
 200,385 
 $ 
 226,831 
 $ 
 (26,446) 

 Net operating income 
 147,432 
 193,696 
 (46,264) 
 98,010 
 132,783 
 (34,773) 

 On a same store basis, the lodging segment&#146;s net operating income decrease is primarily attributable to a decrease in same store occupancy from 68% to 64%, a reduction in the Average Daily Rate from $123 to $109, which together resulted in Rev/Par dropping from $83 to $69. The reduction is attributable to the current economic recession which has reduced travel from all major segments of the lodging industry (business transient and group, and leisure group and transient travel). Through our active involvement with our 

 -40- 
 
 managers, we have reduced variable costs consistent with occupancy decreases. However, certain fixed costs such as real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance of the properties cannot be reduced to match occupancy reductions. 
 
 Office Segment 

 Total Office Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 
 
 2009 
 2008 
 
 Office Properties 
 
 Physical occupancy 
 96% 
 97% 
 
 Economic occupancy 
 96% 
 97% 
 
 Base rent per square foot 
 $ 
 15.33 
 $ 
 14.82 
 
 Gross investment in properties 
 $ 
 1,952,717 
 $ 
 1,551,123 

 The following table represents lease expirations for the office segment: 

 Lease Expiration Year 
 Number of Expiring Leases 
 GLA of Expiring Leases (Sq. Ft.) 
 Annualized Base Rent of Expiring Leases ($) 
 Percent of Total GLA 
 Percent of Total Annualized Base Rent 
 Expiring Rent/Square Foot 
 
 2010 
 18 
 248,202 
 3,514 
 2.6% 
 2.1% 
 $14.16 
 
 2011 
 34 
 519,135 
 13,362 
 5.4% 
 8.2% 
 $25.74 
 
 2012 
 25 
 278,533 
 5,090 
 2.9% 
 3.1% 
 $18.27 
 
 2013 
 24 
 576,401 
 11,589 
 6.0% 
 7.1% 
 $20.11 
 
 2014 
 46 
 310,442 
 5,980 
 3.2% 
 3.7% 
 $19.26 
 
 Thereafter 
 83 
 7,740,817 
 123,943 
 79.9% 
 75.8% 
 $16.01 
 
 230 
 9,673,530 
 163,478 
 100% 
 100% 
 $16.90 

 Our investments in office properties largely represent assets leased and occupied to either a diverse group of tenants or to single tenants that fully occupy the space leased. Examples of the former include the IDS Center located in the central business district of Minneapolis, and Dulles Executive Plaza and Worldgate Plaza, both located in metropolitan Washington D.C. and catering to medium to high-technology companies and federal government contractors. Examples of the latter include three buildings leased and occupied by AT&T and located in three distinct US office markets - Chicago, St. Louis, and Cleveland. In addition, our office portfolio includes properties leased on a net basis to SunTrust, with the leased locations located in the east and southeast regions of the country. 
 
 Our office properties continue to experience consistent occupancy rates and stable rental rates for more recent acquisitions. For example, in the Minneapolis, Minnesota and Dulles, Virginia office markets, where a majority of our multi-tenant office properties are located, our high occupancy rate is consistent with the strength of the market. The increase in our base rent per square foot from $14.82 to $15.33 was primarily a result of acquisitions during 2008 and 2009. These rates are as of the end of the period and do not represent the average rate during the year ended December 31, 2009 and 2008. 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 
 
 The table below represents operating information for the office segment of 40 properties and for the same store portfolio consisting of 28 properties acquired prior to January 1, 2008. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the years ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008. 

 Total Office Segment 
 Same Store Office Segment 
 
 Increase/ 
 Increase/ 
 
 2009 
 2008 
 (Decrease) 
 2009 
 2008 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Revenues: 
 
 Rental income 
 $ 
 148,456 
 $ 
 109,410 
 $ 
 39,046 
 $ 
 106,808 
 $ 
 108,215 
 $ 
 (1,407) 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 
 28,437 
 27,034 
 1,403 
 27,142 
 27,034 
 108 
 
 Other property income 
 6,070 
 5,733 
 337 
 6,068 
 5,706 
 362 

 Total revenues 
 $ 
 182,963 
 $ 
 142,177 
 $ 
 40,786 
 $ 
 140,018 
 $ 
 140,955 
 $ 
 (937) 

 Expenses: 
 
 Property operating expenses 
 $ 
 31,266 
 $ 
 28,184 
 $ 
 3,082 
 $ 
 28,633 
 $ 
 28,384 
 $ 
 249 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 14,360 
 13,775 
 585 
 14,329 
 13,775 
 554 

 Total operating expenses 
 $ 
 45,626 
 $ 
 41,959 
 $ 
 3,667 
 $ 
 42,962 
 $ 
 42,159 
 $ 
 803 

 -41- 

 Total Office Segment 
 Same Store Office Segment 
 
 Increase/ 
 Increase/ 
 
 2009 
 2008 
 (Decrease) 
 2009 
 2008 
 (Decrease) 

 Net operating income 
 137,337 
 100,218 
 37,119 
 97,056 
 98,796 
 (1,740) 

 Average occupancy for the period 
 97% 
 97% 
 - 
 96% 
 97% 
 (1%) 

 Office properties real estate rental revenues increased from $142,177 in 2008 to $182,963 in 2009 mainly due to the acquisition of four properties since January 1, 2009. Office properties real estate and operating expenses also increased from $41,959 in 2008 to $45,626 in 2009 as a result of these acquisitions and due to higher real estate taxes and common area maintenance costs. 
 
 The decrease in net operating income for the office same store comparison resulted primarily from a decrease in same store occupancy and an increase in real estate taxes. 
 
 Industrial Segment 

 Total Industrial Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 
 
 2009 
 2008 
 
 Industrial Properties 
 
 Physical occupancy 
 95% 
 97% 
 
 Economic occupancy 
 96% 
 99% 
 
 Base rent per square foot 
 $ 
 5.45 
 $ 
 4.75 
 
 Gross investment in properties 
 $ 
 1,010,346 
 $ 
 917,769 

 The following table represents lease expirations for the industrial segment: 

 Lease Expiration Year 
 Number of Expiring Leases 
 GLA of Expiring Leases (Sq. Ft.) 
 Annualized Base Rent of Expiring Leases ($) 
 Percent of Total GLA 
 Percent of Total Annualized Base Rent 
 Expiring Rent/Square Foot 
 
 2010 
 14 
 979,924 
 2,859 
 6.5% 
 3.1% 
 $2.92 
 
 2011 
 10 
 1,270,265 
 5,000 
 8.4% 
 5.4% 
 $3.94 
 
 2012 
 9 
 1,773,378 
 8,806 
 11.8% 
 9.5% 
 $4.97 
 
 2013 
 7 
 1,195,213 
 7,113 
 7.9% 
 7.7% 
 $5.95 
 
 2014 
 2 
 201,818 
 1,045 
 1.3% 
 1.1% 
 $5.18 
 
 Thereafter 
 32 
 9,658,526 
 67,898 
 64.1% 
 73.2% 
 $7.03 
 
 74 
 15,079,124 
 92,721 
 100% 
 100% 
 $6.15 

 During 2009, our industrial holdings continued to experience high economic occupancy rates. The majority of the properties are located in what we believe are active and sought-after industrial markets, including the Memphis Airport market of Memphis, Tennessee and the O&#146;Hare Airport market of Chicago, Illinois, commonly one of the largest industrial markets in the world. 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 
 
 The table below represents operating information for the industrial segment of 65 properties and for the same store portfolio consisting of 60 properties acquired prior to January 1, 2008. 

 Total Industrial Segment 
 Same Store Industrial Segment 
 
 Increase/ 
 Increase/ 
 
 2009 
 2008 
 (Decrease) 
 2009 
 2008 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Revenues: 
 
 Rental income 
 $ 
 75,449 
 $ 
 71,514 
 $ 
 3,935 
 $ 
 63,520 
 $ 
 64,700 
 $ 
 (1,180) 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 
 4,106 
 3,759 
 347 
 4,099 
 3,759 
 340 
 
 Other property income 
 1,083 
 15,133 
 (14,050) 
 83 
 133 
 (50) 

 Total revenues 
 $ 
 80,638 
 $ 
 90,406 
 $ 
 (9,768) 
 $ 
 67,702 
 $ 
 68,592 
 $ 
 (890) 

 Expenses: 
 
 Property operating expenses 
 $ 
 4,973 
 $ 
 4,836 
 $ 
 137 
 $ 
 4,570 
 $ 
 4,650 
 $ 
 (80) 

 -42- 

 Total Industrial Segment 
 Same Store Industrial Segment 
 
 Increase/ 
 Increase/ 
 
 2009 
 2008 
 (Decrease) 
 2009 
 2008 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 3,197 
 2,259 
 938 
 3,197 
 2,259 
 938 

 Total operating expenses 
 $ 
 8,170 
 $ 
 7,095 
 $ 
 1,075 
 $ 
 7,767 
 $ 
 6,909 
 $ 
 858 

 Net operating income 
 72,468 
 83,311 
 (10,843) 
 59,935 
 61,683 
 (1,748) 

 Average occupancy for the period 
 97% 
 99% 
 (2%) 
 96% 
 98% 
 (2%) 

 Industrial properties real estate revenues decreased from $90,406 for the year ended December 31, 2008 to $80,638 for the year ended December 31, 2009 mainly due to the termination fee of $15,000 for Faulkner Road realized in the fourth quarter of 2008. Industrial properties real estate and operating expenses increased from $7,095 in 2008 to $8,170 in 2009. 
 
 A majority of the tenants have net leases and they are directly responsible for operating costs and reimburse us for real estate taxes and insurance. Therefore, industrial segment operating expenses are generally lower than expenses for the other segments. 
 
 Our overall decrease in net operating income for the industrial same store comparison reflects lower revenues from a decrease in occupancy and higher real estate taxes. Our 2% decline in occupancy is primarily driven by an overall decline in demand for industrial space. We believe a future recovery in the overall economy will be needed to increase our occupancy. 
 
 Multi-family Segment 

 Total Multi-family Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 
 
 2009 
 2008 
 
 Multi-Family Properties 
 
 Physical occupancy 
 84% 
 92% 
 
 Economic occupancy 
 84% 
 92% 
 
 End of month scheduled base rent per unit per month 
 $ 
 880 
 $ 
 832 
 
 Gross investment in properties 
 $ 
 820,261 
 $ 
 557,965 

 Our portfolio contains 27 multi-family properties, each reporting stable rental rate levels. These rates are as of the end of the period and do not represent the average rate during the year ended December 31, 2009 and 2008. We believe that recent changes in the housing market and in this job market have caused downward pressure on multi-family occupancy rates, though rental rates have shown stability. We expect occupancy rates to recover and rental rates to grow modestly. 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 
 
 The table below represents operating information for the multi-family segment of 27 properties and for the same store portfolio consisting of seven properties acquired prior to July 1, 2008. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the years ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008. 

 Total Multi-Family Segment 
 Same Store Multi-Family Segment 
 
 Increase/ 
 Increase/ 
 
 2009 
 2008 
 (Decrease) 
 2009 
 2008 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Revenues: 
 
 Rental income 
 $ 
 66,368 
 $ 
 30,767 
 $ 
 35,601 
 $ 
 19,425 
 $ 
 19,875 
 $ 
 (450) 
 
 Tenant property income 
 295 
 (35) 
 330 
 30 
 (40) 
 70 
 
 Other property income 
 5,166 
 2,515 
 2,651 
 1,533 
 1,601 
 (68) 

 Total revenues 
 $ 
 71,829 
 $ 
 33,247 
 $ 
 38,582 
 $ 
 20,988 
 $ 
 21,436 
 $ 
 (448) 

 Expenses: 
 
 Property operating expenses 
 $ 
 27,190 
 $ 
 12,327 
 $ 
 14,863 
 $ 
 8,322 
 $ 
 8,917 
 $ 
 (595) 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 9,636 
 4,704 
 4,932 
 3,351 
 4,041 
 (690) 

 Total operating expenses 
 $ 
 36,826 
 $ 
 17,031 
 $ 
 19,795 
 $ 
 11,673 
 $ 
 12,958 
 $ 
 (1,285) 

 Net operating income 
 35,003 
 16,216 
 18,787 
 9,315 
 8,478 
 837 

 -43- 

 Total Multi-Family Segment 
 Same Store Multi-Family Segment 
 
 Increase/ 
 Increase/ 
 
 2009 
 2008 
 (Decrease) 
 2009 
 2008 
 (Decrease) 

 Average occupancy for the period 
 88% 
 89% 
 (1%) 
 87% 
 90% 
 (3%) 

 Multi&#150;family real estate rental revenues increased from $33,247 for the year ended December 31, 2008 to $71,829 for the year ended December 31, 2009. The increases are mainly due to the acquisition of 10 properties since January 1, 2009. Multi-family properties real estate and operating expenses also increased from $17,031 in 2008 to $36,826 in 2009 as a result of these acquisitions. 
 
 The increase in net operating income was primarily caused by a decrease in overall operating expenses in 2009 related to decreases in real estate taxes, lower insurance expenses in 2009 and hurricane related expenses in 2008. 
 
 LIP-H Segment 
 
 On June 8, 2007, we, through a 100% owned subsidiary, entered into the LIP Holdings, LLC (LIP-H) operating agreement for the purpose of funding the development and ownership of real estate projects in the office, distribution, retail, healthcare and mixed-use markets. Our subsidiary invested $227,000 in exchange for the Class A Participating Preferred Interests of LIP-H, which entitles our subsidiary to a 9.5% preferred dividend and two of the five board seats of LIP-H. 
 
 On January 6, 2009, our subsidiary was granted a third seat on the board of LIP-H. The third board seat gave effective control over LIP-H to our subsidiary, resulting in the consolidation of LIP-H as of January 6, 2009. The assets of LIP-H consist of eight operating office and retail projects and a mezzanine loan to LIP Development (LIP-D), an entity related to The Lauth Group, Inc. (the other venture partner of LIP-H). The mezzanine loan to LIP-D was secured primarily by partnership interests owning development projects at various stages of completion, including vacant land. 
 
 On April 27, 2009, we took actions through LIP-H to secure the collateral and protect LIP-H rights under the mezzanine loan. On May 1, 2009, the borrowers under the mezzanine loan filed for bankruptcy protection. LIP-H is in the process of asserting its rights under the mezzanine loan and initiating actions to protect its collateral. 
 
 Our control of LIP-H on January 6, 2009 was accounted as a business combination, which required us to record the assets and liabilities of LIP-H at fair value. We valued the eight operating properties using a discounted cash flow model, including discount rates and capitalization rates on the expected future cash flows of the properties. We estimated fair value of the debt by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument at rates currently offered for similar debt instruments. The mezzanine loan was based on the expected contractual cash flows discounted using a rate adjusted for the risks associated with the bankruptcy and litigation process and time and effort in working through a bankruptcy to access the collateral under the mezzanine loan. The bankruptcy will most likely extend the development and leasing timeline and cost for the collateral as third party lenders, contractors and potential tenants are expected to not be willing to transact with an entity during the bankruptcy process or will need significant cost concessions as additional risk consideration. These factors resulted in the valuation of the mezzanine loan at $10,200 and loss on a consolidated investment of approximately $149,000. We also valued the non-controlling interest in LIP-H at zero. No consideration was given by us as part of this consolidation. 
 
 The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition: 

 Investments in properties 
 $ 
 124,187 
 
 Notes receivable 
 10,200 
 
 Cash 
 1,757 
 
 Other assets 
 1,299 
 
 Total assets acquired 
 $ 
 137,443 
 
 Debt 
 96,763 
 
 Other liabilities 
 3,584 
 
 Net assets acquired 
 $ 
 37,096 

 The following table summarizes the investment in LIP-H from December 31, 2008 to January 6, 2009. 

 Investments in unconsolidated entities at December 31, 2008 
 $ 
 185,983 
 
 Loss on consolidated investment 
 $ 
 (148,887) 
 
 Net assets acquired at January 6, 2009 
 $ 
 37,096 

 -44- 
 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 
 
 Net income decreased from $55,922 or $.14 per share for the year ended December 31, 2007 to $(365,178) or $(.54) per share for the year ended December 31, 2008. The primary reason for the decrease was $262,105 taken as realized loss and impairments on investment securities and $61,993 of impairments on investments in unconsolidated entities for the year ended December 31, 2008, which decreased net income per share by $.48, as compared to 2007, where $2,466 was recorded as net realized loss and impairments on investment securities, and $10,084 was recorded as impairments on investments in unconsolidated entities, decreasing net income per share by $.03. A detailed discussion of our impairments is included under Realized Gain (Loss) on Securities and Impairment of Investment in Unconsolidated Entities. 

 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 
 December 31, 2008 
 December 31, 2007 
 
 Net income (loss) applicable to the Company 
 $ 
 (365,178) 
 $ 
 55,922 

 Net income (loss) per share 
 (.54) 
 .14 

 Rental Income, Tenant Recovery Income, Lodging Income and Other Property Income. Rental income consists of basic monthly rent, straight-line rent adjustments, amortization of acquired above and below market leases, fee income, and percentage rental income recorded pursuant to tenant leases. Tenant recovery income consists of reimbursements for real estate taxes, common area maintenance costs, management fees, and insurance costs. Lodging income consists of room revenues, food and beverage revenues, telephone revenues and miscellaneous revenues. Other property income consists of lease termination fees and other miscellaneous property income. Total property revenues were $1,050,738 and $478,736 for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 
 Except for our lodging properties, the majority of the revenue from the properties consists of rents received under long-term operating leases. Some leases provide for the payment of fixed base rent paid monthly in advance, and for the reimbursement by tenants of the tenant's pro rata share of certain operating expenses including real estate taxes, special assessments, insurance, utilities, common area maintenance, management fees, and certain building repairs paid by the landlord and recoverable under the terms of the lease. Under these leases, we pay all expenses and are reimbursed by the tenant for the tenant's pro rata share of recoverable expenses. Certain other tenants are subject to net leases which require the tenant to be responsible for fixed base rent as well as all costs and expenses associated with occupancy. Under net leases, where all expenses are paid directly by the tenant, expenses are not included in the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. Under leases where all expenses are paid by us, subject to reimbursement by the tenant, the expenses are included within property operating expenses, and reimbursements are included in tenant recovery income on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 Our lodging properties generate revenue through sales of rooms and associated food and beverage services. We measure our financial performance by revenue generated per available room known as RevPAR, which is an operational measure commonly used in the hotel industry to evaluate hotel performance. RevPAR represents the product of the average daily room rate charged and the average daily occupancy achieved but excludes other revenue generated by a hotel property, such as food and beverage, parking, telephone and other guest service revenues. 
 
 Below is a summary of sources of revenue for years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007. Fluctuations are explained below. 

 Year ended 
 December 31, 2008 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 2007 
 2008 increase (decrease) from 2007 
 
 Property rentals 
 $ 
 398,417 
 $ 
 267,816 
 $ 
 130,601 
 
 Straight-line rents 
 17,457 
 12,765 
 4,692 
 
 Amortization of acquired above and below market leases, net 
 2,408 
 155 
 2,253 
 
 Total rental income 
 $ 
 418,282 
 $ 
 280,736 
 $ 
 137,546 

 Tenant recoveries 
 74,169 
 59,587 
 14,582 
 
 Other income 
 26,703 
 12,021 
 14,682 
 
 Lodging operating income 
 531,584 
 126,392 
 405,192 
 
 Total property revenues 
 $ 
 1,050,738 
 $ 
 478,736 
 $ 
 572,002 

 Total property revenues increased $572,002 for the year ended December 31, 2008 over the same period of the prior year. The increase in property revenues in 2008 was due primarily to acquisitions of 187 properties, including lodging facilities, since December 31, 2007. 
 
 Property Operating Expenses and Real Estate Taxes . Property operating expenses for properties other than lodging properties consist of property management fees paid to property managers including affiliates of our sponsor and operating expenses, including costs of 

 -45- 
 
 owning and maintaining investment properties, real estate taxes, insurance, utilities, maintenance to the exterior of the buildings and the parking lots. Total expenses were $469,695 for the year ended December 31, 2008 and $174,755 for the year ended December 31, 2007, respectively. Lodging operating expenses include the room, food and beverage, payroll, utilities, any fees paid to our third party operators, insurance, marketing, and other expenses required to maintain and operate our lodging facilities. 

 Year ended 
 December 31, 2008 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 2007 
 2008 increase (decrease) from 2007 
 
 Property operating expenses 
 $ 
 84,614 
 $ 
 59,678 
 $ 
 24,936 
 
 Lodging operating expenses 
 313,939 
 75,412 
 238,527 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 71,142 
 39,665 
 31,477 
 
 Total property expenses 
 $ 
 469,695 
 $ 
 174,755 
 $ 
 294,940 

 Total property operating expenses increased $294,940 for the year ended December 31, 2008 compared to the year ended December 31, 2007 due to the effect of properties acquired after December 31, 2007, primarily lodging facilities. The RLJ acquisition, as well as a full year&#146;s results of the lodging acquisitions from 2007, contributed to a significant increase in lodging expenses in 2008. 
 
 Other Operating Income and Expenses 
 
 Other operating expenses are summarized as follows: 

 Year ended 
 December 31, 2008 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 2007 
 2008 increase (decrease) from 2007 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 $ 
 320,792 
 $ 
 174,163 
 $ 
 146,629 
 
 Interest expense 
 231,822 
 108,060 
 123,762 
 
 General and administrative (1) 
 34,087 
 19,466 
 14,621 
 
 Business manager fee 
 18,500 
 9,000 
 9,500 
 
 $ 
 605,201 
 $ 
 310,689 
 $ 
 294,512 

 (1) Includes expenses paid to affiliates of our sponsor as described below. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization. The $146,629 increase in depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2008 relative to the year ended December 31, 2007 was due substantially to the impact of the properties acquired during 2007 and 2008. 
 
 Interest expense. The $123,762 increase in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2008 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2007 was primarily due to mortgage debt financings during 2008 which increased to $4,405,559 from $2,959,480. Our average interest rate on outstanding debt is 4.97% and 5.66% as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 
 A summary of interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 appears below: 

 Year ended 
 December 31, 2008 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 2007 
 2008 increase (decrease) from 2007 
 
 Debt Type 
 
 Margin and other interest expense 
 $ 
 23,482 
 $ 
 15,933 
 $ 
 7,549 
 
 Mortgages 
 208,340 
 92,127 
 116,213 

 Total 
 $ 
 231,822 
 $ 
 108,060 
 $ 
 123,762 

 General and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses consist of investment advisor fees, miscellaneous deal costs, professional services, legal fees, salaries and computerized information services costs reimbursed to affiliates or related parties of the business manager for, among other things, maintaining our accounting and investor records, directors' and officers' insurance, postage, board of directors fees, printer costs and state tax based on property or net worth. Our expenses were $34,087 for the year ended December 31, 2008 and $19,466 for the year ended December 31, 2007, respectively. 
 
 Business Manager Fee. After our stockholders have received a non-cumulative, non-compounded return of 5% per annum on their invested capital, we pay our business manager an annual business management fee of up to 1% of the average invested assets, payable quarterly in an amount equal to 0.25% of the average invested assets as of the last day of the immediately preceding quarter. For the year ended December 31, 2008, we paid our business manager $18,500 for the business manager fee and an investment advisory fee of approximately $2,162, which is less than the full 1% fee that the business manager could be paid. The investment advisor fee is included in general and administrative expenses. The business manager has waived any further fees that may have been permitted under the agreement for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 

 -46- 
 
 Interest and Dividend Income and Realized Gain (Loss) on Securities. Interest income consists of interest earned on short term investments and notes receivable. Dividends are earned from investments in our portfolio of marketable securities. We invest in marketable securities issued by other REIT entities, including those we may have an interest in acquiring, where we believe the yields and returns will exceed those of other short-term investments. These investments have historically generated both current dividend income and gains on sale, offset by impairments on securities where we believe the decline in stock price are other than temporary. Our interest and dividend income was $81,274 and $84,288 for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. We realized a net loss on securities and other than temporary impairments of $262,105 and $2,466 for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007. For the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, we realized impairment losses of $246,164 and $21,746, respectively, on our portfolio of securities. 

 Year ended December 31, 2008 
 Year ended December 31, 2007 
 
 Interest Income 
 $ 
 50,331 
 $ 
 61,546 
 
 Dividend Income 
 30,943 
 22,742 
 
 Total 
 $ 
 81,274 
 $ 
 84,288 

 Realized gain (loss) on investment securities 
 $ 
 (15,941) 
 $ 
 19,280 
 
 Other than temporary impairments 
 (246,164) 
 (21,746) 
 
 Total 
 $ 
 (262,105) 
 $ 
 (2,466) 

 Interest income was $50,331 and $61,546 for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Interest income is earned on our cash balances and notes receivable. Our average cash balance in 2008 was $884,671 and our average interest rate earned on cash investments was 2.2% for the year ended December 31, 2008. 
 
 As of December 31, 2008, our cash balance of $945,225 had an approximate yield of 2.2%, which was less than the 6.2% distribution rate in effect for 2008 based on a $10 stock price and our average interest rate cost of 4.97%. During 2008, we earned approximately $18,200 on our cash balances. 
 
 Our notes receivable balance of $480,774 as of December 31, 2008 consisted of installment notes from unrelated parties that mature on various dates through May 2012. The notes are secured by mortgages on land, shopping centers and lodging facilities. Interest only is due each month at rates ranging from 3.26% to 10.09% per annum. For the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, we recorded interest income from notes receivable of $27,614 and $18,423, respectively. 
 
 Dividend income increased by $8,201 for the year ended December 31, 2008 compared to the year ended December 31, 2007 as a result of an increase in the amount we invested in marketable securities, offset by the reduced dividend payout rates. Our investments continued to generate dividends in 2008, however some REITs we have invested in reduced their payout rates in 2008. Certain REITs we have invested in stated in 2008 that they will pay a portion of their dividends in stock instead of cash. We did not recognize income for stock dividends and reduced the average cost per share of our investment. The following analysis outlines our yield earned on our portfolio of securities. 

 December 31, 2008 
 December 31, 2007 
 
 Dividend income 
 30,943 
 22,742 
 
 Margin interest expense 
 (3,776) 
 (5,479) 
 
 Investment advisor fee 
 (2,162) 
 (2,120) 
 
 25,005 
 15,143 

 Average investment in marketable securities (1) 
 449,415 
 279,224 
 
 Average margin payable balance 
 (115,557) 
 (89,456) 
 
 Net investment 
 333,858 
 189,768 

 Leveraged yield (annualized) 
 7.5% 
 8.0% 

 (1) 
 The average investment in marketable securities represents our original cost basis of these securities. Unrealized gains and losses, including impairments, are not reflected. 
 
 Our realized loss and impairment on securities, net increased by $259,639 for the year ended December 31, 2008 compared to the year ended December 31, 2007 primarily because we recognized significant other-than-temporary impairments during the year ended December 31, 2008. Other-than-temporary impairments were $246,164 for the year ended December 31, 2008 compared to $21,746 for the year ended December 31, 2007. Our securities and the overall REIT market experienced significant declines in 2008, including material declines in the fourth quarter of 2008. 
 
 Noncontrolling Interest. The noncontrolling interest represents the interests of the third parties in Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. ( MB REIT ) and consolidated joint ventures managed by third parties. 

 -47- 

 Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Entities. In 2008, we have equity in losses of unconsolidated entities of $46.1 million. This is a decrease of $50.6 million from equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities of $4.5 million as of December 31, 2007, which is mainly due to impairments recorded by one of our joint ventures in the amount of $50 million (our share was $44.8 million). 
 
 Impairment of Investment in Unconsolidated Entities. For the year ended December 31, 2008, we recorded a $51.4 million loss on our investment in Feldman Mall Properties, Inc. The underlying activities of Feldman continued to report losses and cash-flow deficits that impacted Feldman&#146;s ability to meet its obligations. In addition, the retail market and its impact to the mall sector significantly deteriorated in the fourth quarter of 2008. Based on the combination of these factors, we concluded that our investment in Feldman experienced a decline that we believe is other-than-temporary. Accordingly, we recorded an impairment charge of $46.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 and a total of $51.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2008. Such impairment charge reduces the carrying value of our investment in Feldman to $0 as of December 31, 2008. 
 
 The projected leasing for one of our development joint ventures did not met our initial expectations and it is difficult to project when significant leasing will be achieved for the project. Based on these factors, we concluded that our investment has experienced a decline that we believe is other than temporary. Accordingly, we recorded an impairment charge of $10.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2008. 
 
 Other Income and Expense. Under ASC 480, (formerly SFAS 150 Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity) and ASC 815 (formerly SFAS 133 Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities &#148;) the put/call arrangements we entered into in connection with the Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. (&#147;MB REIT&#148;) transaction discussed below are considered derivative instruments. The asset and liabilities associated with these puts and calls are marked to market every quarter with changes in the value recorded as other income and expense in the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 The value associated with the put/call arrangements was a liability of $3,000 and $2,349 as of December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, respectively. Other expense of $651 and $2,065 was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The liability associated with the put/call arrangements increased from December 31, 2007 to December 31, 2008 due to the life of the put/call being reduced and decrease in interest rates. 
 
 Segment Reporting 
 
 An analysis of results of operations by segment is below. The tables contained throughout summarize certain key operating performance measures for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007. 
 
 Retail Segment 

 Total Retail Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 
 
 2008 
 2007 
 
 Retail Properties 
 
 Physical occupancy 
 94% 
 95% 
 
 Economic occupancy 
 95% 
 96% 
 
 Base rent per square foot 
 $ 
 16.41 
 $ 
 16.04 
 
 Gross investment in properties 
 $ 
 2,978,232 
 $ 
 2,570,067 

 Occupancy of our retail properties remained consistent between 2008 and 2007. We continued to generate a positive return on our investment in these properties. Our retail business is not highly dependent on specific retailers or specific retail industries which we believe shields the portfolio from significant revenue variances over time. The increase in our base rent per square foot from $16.04 to $16.41 was primarily a result of acquisitions during fourth quarter 2007 and 2008. These rates are as of the end of the period and do not represent the average rate during the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2008, our retail portfolio had a limited number of tenant issues related to retailer bankruptcy. As of December 31, 2008, our retail portfolio contained only three retailers, renting approximately 102,172 square feet, that had filed for bankruptcy protection. All associated stores in our portfolio continued paying as-agreed rent. Subsequent to December 31, 2008, four additional retailers sought bankruptcy protection; these retailers encompass approximately 96,900 square feet. 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 
 
 The table below represents operating information for the retail segment of 688 properties and for the same store retail segment consisting of 64 properties acquired prior to January 1, 2007. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the entire years ended December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, respectively. 

 -48- 

 Total Retail Segment 
 Same Store Retail Segment 
 
 Increase/ 
 Increase/ 
 
 2008 
 2007 
 (Decrease) 
 2008 
 2007 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Revenues: 
 
 Rental income 
 $ 
 206,591 
 $ 
 121,428 
 $ 
 85,163 
 $ 
 78,710 
 $ 
 77,283 
 $ 
 1,427 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 
 43,411 
 32,210 
 11,201 
 25,225 
 22,153 
 3,072 
 
 Other property income 
 3,322 
 1,021 
 2,301 
 891 
 799 
 92 

 Total revenues 
 $ 
 253,324 
 $ 
 154,659 
 $ 
 98,665 
 $ 
 104,826 
 $ 
 100,235 
 $ 
 4,591 

 Expenses: 
 
 Property operating expenses 
 $ 
 39,264 
 $ 
 25,308 
 $ 
 13,956 
 $ 
 21,116 
 $ 
 18,339 
 $ 
 2,777 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 26,458 
 19,400 
 7,058 
 14,986 
 13,337 
 1,649 

 Total operating expenses 
 $ 
 65,722 
 $ 
 44,708 
 $ 
 21,014 
 $ 
 36,102 
 $ 
 31,676 
 $ 
 4,426 

 Net property operations 
 187,602 
 109,951 
 77,651 
 68,724 
 68,559 
 165 

 Retail properties real estate rental revenues increased from $154,659 for the year ended December 31, 2007 to $253,324 for the year ended December 31, 2008 mainly due to the acquisition of 143 retail properties since December 31, 2007. Retail property operating expenses also increased from $44,708 in 2007 to $65,722 in 2008 as a result of these acquisitions. 
 
 On a same store retail basis, property net operating income increased from $68,559 to $68,724 for a total increase of $165 or .2%. Same store retail property operating revenues for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 were $104,826 and $100,235, respectively, resulting in an increase of $4,591 or 4.6%. The primary reason for the increase was a lower tenant recovery income in 2007 resulting from common area abatements. Same store retail property operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 were $36,102 and $31,676 respectively, resulting in an increase of $4,426 or 14%. The increase in property operating expense was primarily caused by an increase in common area maintenance costs, including utility costs (gas and electric), and bad debt expense. 
 
 Retail segment property rental revenues are greater than the office segment primarily due to more gross leasable square feet for the retail properties. The retail segment had below market leases in place at the time of acquisition as compared to office segment properties, which had above market leases in place at the time of acquisition. Tenant recoveries for our retail segment are greater than other segments because the retail tenant leases allow for a greater percentage of their operating expenses and real estate taxes to be recovered from the tenants. Retail segment operating expenses are greater than the other non-lodging segments because the retail segment has higher common area maintenance costs and insurance costs. 
 
 Lodging Segment 

 For the year ended 
 For the year ended 
 
 December 31, 2008 
 December 31, 2007 
 
 Lodging Properties 
 
 Revenue per available room 
 $ 
 89 
 $ 
 79 
 
 Average daily rate 
 $ 
 129 
 $ 
 117 
 
 Occupancy 
 69% 
 67% 
 
 Gross investment in properties 
 $ 
 2,703,097 
 $ 
 1,570,465 

 The increases in revenue per available room, average daily rate and occupancy are primarily a result of property acquisitions during 2008. 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 
 
 The table below represents operating information for the lodging segment of 99 properties. A same store analysis is not presented for the lodging segment because no lodging property was owned for the entire twelve month period ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2008. However, we did own 44 properties for the last six months of 2007, which when compared to 2008, show a decline of $6,125 in net lodging operations for last six months of 2008 compared to the last six months of 2007. This decline resulted from an 8% decline in Rev/Par for the last six months of 2008 compared to 2007 for the 44 properties owned during that period. 

 Total Lodging Segment 
 
 Increase/ 
 
 2008 
 2007 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Revenues: 
 
 Lodging operating income 
 $ 
 531,584 
 $ 
 126,392 
 $ 
 405,192 

 -49- 

 Total Lodging Segment 
 
 Increase/ 
 
 2008 
 2007 
 (Decrease) 

 Total revenues 
 $ 
 531,584 
 $ 
 126,392 
 $ 
 405,192 

 Expenses: 
 
 Lodging operating expenses to non- related parties 
 $ 
 313,939 
 $ 
 75,412 
 $ 
 238,527 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 23,949 
 5,216 
 18,733 

 Total operating expenses 
 $ 
 337,888 
 $ 
 80,628 
 $ 
 257,260 

 Net lodging operations 
 193,696 
 45,764 
 147,932 

 Office Segment 

 Total Office Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 
 
 2008 
 2007 
 
 Office Properties 
 
 Physical occupancy 
 97% 
 98% 
 
 Economic occupancy 
 97% 
 98% 
 
 Base rent per square foot 
 $ 
 14.82 
 $ 
 14.77 
 
 Gross investment in properties 
 $ 
 1,551,123 
 $ 
 1,344,954 

 During 2008, we continued to see positive trends in our portfolio including high occupancy and stable rental rates for newly acquired properties. For example, we believe in the Minneapolis, Minnesota and Dulles, Virginia office markets, where a majority of our multi-tenant office properties are located, our high occupancy rate was consistent with the strength of the market. The increase in our base rent per square foot from $14.77 to $14.82 was primarily a result of higher lease rates for new leases at new and existing properties. These rates are as of the end of the period and do not represent the average rate during the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007. 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 
 
 The table below represents operating information for the office segment of 36 properties and for the same store portfolio consisting of 13 properties acquired prior to January 1, 2007. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the years ended December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007. 

 Total Office Segment 
 Same Store Office Segment 
 
 Increase/ 
 Increase/ 
 
 2008 
 2007 
 (Decrease) 
 2008 
 2007 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Revenues: 
 
 Rental income 
 $ 
 109,410 
 $ 
 98,764 
 $ 
 10,646 
 $ 
 85,071 
 $ 
 84,531 
 $ 
 540 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 
 27,034 
 25,027 
 2,007 
 22,281 
 21,804 
 477 
 
 Other property income 
 5,733 
 4,782 
 951 
 4,903 
 4,439 
 464 

 Total revenues 
 $ 
 142,177 
 $ 
 128,573 
 $ 
 13,604 
 $ 
 112,255 
 $ 
 110,774 
 $ 
 1,481 

 Expenses: 
 
 Property operating expenses 
 $ 
 28,184 
 $ 
 25,842 
 $ 
 2,342 
 $ 
 23,462 
 $ 
 23,110 
 $ 
 352 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 13,775 
 11,494 
 2,281 
 10,842 
 9,669 
 1,173 

 Total operating expenses 
 $ 
 41,959 
 $ 
 37,336 
 $ 
 4,623 
 $ 
 34,304 
 $ 
 32,779 
 $ 
 1,525 

 Net property operations 
 100,218 
 91,237 
 8,981 
 77,951 
 77,995 
 (44) 

 Office properties real estate rental revenues increased from $128,573 in 2007 to $142,177 in 2008 mainly due to the acquisition of eight properties since January 1, 2008. Office properties real estate and operating expenses also increased from $37,336 in 2007 to $41,959 in 2008 as a result of these acquisitions and due to higher real estate taxes and common area maintenance costs. 

 -50- 
 
 On a same store office basis, property net operating income decreased to $77,951 from $77,995 for a total decrease of $44 or less than 0.1%. Same store office property operating revenues for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 were $112,255 and $110,774, respectively, resulting in an increase of $1,481 or 1.3%. Same store office property operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 were $34,304 and $32,779, respectively, resulting in an increase of $1,525 or 4.7%. The increase in property operating expense was primarily caused by an increase in real estate tax expense and common area maintenance costs, including utility costs (gas and electric) in 2008. 
 
 Industrial Segment 

 Total Industrial Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 
 
 2008 
 2007 
 
 Industrial Properties 
 
 Physical occupancy 
 97% 
 93% 
 
 Economic occupancy 
 99% 
 99% 
 
 Base rent per square foot 
 $ 
 4.75 
 $ 
 5.10 
 
 Gross investment in properties 
 $ 
 917,769 
 $ 
 834,320 

 During 2008, our industrial holdings continued to experience high economic occupancy rates. The majority of the properties are located in what we believe are active and sought-after industrial markets, including the Memphis Airport market of Memphis, Tennessee and the O&#146;Hare Airport market of Chicago, Illinois; the latter being one of the largest industrial markets in the world. 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 
 
 The table below represents operating information for the industrial segment of 64 properties and for the same store portfolio consisting of 16 properties acquired prior to January 1, 2007. 

 Total Industrial Segment 
 Same Store Industrial Segment 
 
 Increase/ 
 Increase/ 
 
 2008 
 2007 
 (Decrease) 
 2008 
 2007 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Revenues: 
 
 Rental income 
 $ 
 71,514 
 $ 
 47,039 
 $ 
 24,475 
 $ 
 21,985 
 $ 
 22,018 
 $ 
 (33) 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 
 3,759 
 2,350 
 1,409 
 1,386 
 1,038 
 348 
 
 Other property income 
 15,133 
 4,797 
 10,336 
 15 
 4,739 
 (4,724) 

 Total revenues 
 $ 
 90,406 
 $ 
 54,186 
 $ 
 36,220 
 $ 
 23,386 
 $ 
 27,795 
 $ 
 (4,409) 

 Expenses: 
 
 Property operating expenses 
 $ 
 4,836 
 $ 
 3,277 
 $ 
 1,559 
 $ 
 1,692 
 $ 
 1,479 
 $ 
 213 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 2,259 
 1,740 
 519 
 676 
 793 
 (117) 

 Total operating expenses 
 $ 
 7,095 
 $ 
 5,017 
 $ 
 2,078 
 $ 
 2,368 
 $ 
 2,272 
 $ 
 96 

 Net property operations 
 83,311 
 49,169 
 34,142 
 21,018 
 25,523 
 (4,505) 

 Industrial properties real estate revenues increased from $54,186 for the year ended December 31, 2007 to $90,406 for the year ended December 31, 2008 mainly due to the acquisition of four properties since January 1, 2008. Also in the fourth quarter of 2008, we realized a termination fee for the Faulkner Road property of approximately $15,000. Industrial properties real estate and operating expenses also increased from $5,017 in 2007 to $7,095 in 2008 as a result of these acquisitions. 
 
 On a same store industrial basis, property net operating income decreased from $25,523 to $21,018 for a total decrease of $4,505 or 17.7%. Same store industrial property operating revenues for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 were $23,386 and $27,795, respectively, resulting in a decrease of $(4,409) or 15.9%. The primary reason for the decrease was the impact of a one-time termination fee of $4,725 that impacted results in 2007. Same store industrial property operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 were $2,368 and $2,272, respectively, resulting in an increase of $96 or 4%. 

 -51- 
 
 Multi-family Segment 

 Total Multi-family Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 
 
 2008 
 2007 
 
 Multi-Family Properties 
 
 Physical occupancy 
 92% 
 89% 
 
 Economic occupancy 
 92% 
 89% 
 
 End of month scheduled base rent per unit per month 
 $ 
 832 
 $ 
 916 
 
 Gross investment in properties 
 $ 
 557,965 
 $ 
 221,659 

 Our portfolio contains 17 multi-family properties, each reporting stable rental rate levels. The decrease in monthly base rent from $916 per month to $832 per month and increase in occupancy from 89% to 92% was a result of 2008 acquisition of lower rent base apartments. These rates are as of the end of the period and do not represent the average rate during the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007. 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 
 
 The table below represents operating information for the multi-family segment of 17 properties. A same store analysis is not presented for the multi-family segment because only one property was owned for the entire years ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2008. 

 Total Multi-Family Segment 
 
 Increase/ 
 
 2008 
 2007 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Revenues: 
 
 Rental income 
 $ 
 30,767 
 $ 
 13,505 
 $ 
 17,262 
 
 Other property income 
 2,480 
 1,421 
 1,059 

 Total revenues 
 $ 
 33,247 
 $ 
 14,926 
 $ 
 18,321 

 Expenses: 
 
 Property operating expenses 
 $ 
 12,327 
 $ 
 5,251 
 $ 
 7,076 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 4,704 
 1,815 
 2,889 

 Total operating expenses 
 $ 
 17,031 
 $ 
 7,066 
 $ 
 9,965 

 Net property operations 
 16,216 
 7,860 
 8,356 

 Multi&#150;family real estate rental revenues increased from $14,926 for the year ended December 31, 2007 to $33,247 for the year ended December 31, 2008. The increases are mainly due to the acquisition of nine properties since January 1, 2008. Multi-family properties real estate and operating expenses also increased from $7,066 in 2007 to $17,031 in 2008 as a result of these acquisitions. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 General 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. This section discusses those critical accounting policies and estimates. These judgments often result from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Critical accounting policies discussed in this section are not to be confused with GAAP. GAAP requires information in financial statements about accounting principles, methods used and disclosures pertaining to significant estimates. This discussion addresses our judgment pertaining to trends, events or uncertainties known which were taken into consideration upon the application of those policies. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 We allocate the purchase price of each acquired business between tangible and intangible assets at full fair value at the date of the transaction. Such tangible and intangible assets include land, building and improvements, acquired above market and below market leases, in-place lease value, customer relationships (if any), and any assumed financing that is determined to be above or below market terms. Any additional amounts are allocated to goodwill as required, based on the remaining purchase price in excess of the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The allocation of the purchase price is an area that requires judgment and significant estimates. 

 -52- 

 We expense acquisition costs of all transactions as incurred. All costs related to finding, analyzing and negotiating a transaction are expensed as incurred as a general and administrative expense, whether or not the acquisition is completed. These expenses would include acquisition fees, if any, paid to an affiliate of our business manager. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 We evaluate goodwill for impairment at least annually. The goodwill impairment test is a two-step test. Under the first step, the fair value of the reporting unit is compared with its carrying value (including goodwill). If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an indication of goodwill impairment exists for the reporting unit and the enterprise must perform step two of the impairment test (measurement). Under step two, an impairment loss is recognized for any excess of the carrying amount of the reporting unit&#146;s goodwill over the implied fair value of that goodwill. 
 
 Impairment 
 
 We conduct an analysis on a quarterly basis to determine if indicators of impairment exist to ensure that the property's carrying value is recoverable. If it is determined that the carrying value is not recoverable because the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed carrying value, we are required to record an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying value exceeds fair value. The valuation and possible subsequent impairment of investment properties is a significant estimate that can and does change based on our continuous process of analyzing each property and reviewing assumptions about uncertain inherent factors, as well as the economic condition of the property at a particular point in time. 
 
 We also evaluate our equity method investments for impairment indicators. The valuation analysis considers the investment positions in relation to the underlying business and activities of our investment and identities potential declines in fair value. An impairment loss should be recognized if a decline in value of the investment has occurred that is considered to be other than temporary, without ability to recover or sustain operations that would support the value of the investment. 
 
 We evaluate the collectability of both interest and principal of each of our notes receivable to determine whether it is impaired. A note receivable is considered to be impaired when management determines that it is probable that we will not be able to collect all amounts due under the contractual terms of the note receivable. When a note receivable is considered impaired, the amount of loss is calculated by comparing the recorded investment to the value determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at the note&#146;s effective interest rate or to the fair value of the underlying collateral if the note receivable is collateral dependent. 
 
 Cost Capitalization and Depreciation Policies 
 
 Our policy is to review all expenses paid and capitalize any items exceeding $5 thousand which are deemed to be an upgrade or a tenant improvement. These costs are capitalized and included in the investment properties classification as an addition to buildings and improvements. 
 
 Buildings and improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis based upon estimated useful lives of 30 years for buildings and improvements, and five to 15 years for site improvements. Furniture, fixtures and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis over five to ten years. Tenant improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the life of the related lease as a component of depreciation and amortization expense. The portion of the purchase price allocated to acquired above market costs and acquired below market costs is amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the related lease as an adjustment to net rental income. Acquired in-place lease costs, customer relationship value and other leasing costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the related lease as a component of amortization expense. 
 
 Cost capitalization and the estimate of useful lives requires our judgment and includes significant estimates that can and do change based on our process which periodically analyzes each property and on our assumptions about uncertain inherent factors. 
 
 Investment in Marketable Securities 
 
 We classify our investment in securities in one of three categories: trading, available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. Held-to-maturity securities are those securities in which we have the ability and intent to hold the security until maturity. All securities not included in trading or held-to-maturity are classified as available-for-sale. Investment in securities at December 31, 2009 and 2008 consists of common stock investments and investments in commercial mortgage backed securities that are all classified as available-for-sale securities and are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific identification basis. A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other than temporary, results in a reduction in the carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged to earnings and a new cost basis for the security is established. When a security is impaired, management considers whether we have the ability and intent to hold the investment for a time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value and considers whether 

 -53- 
 
 evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment, the severity and duration of the impairment, changes in value subsequent to period end and forecasted performance of the investee. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 We commence revenue recognition on our leases based on a number of factors. In most cases, revenue recognition under a lease begins when the lessee takes possession of or controls the physical use of the leased asset. Generally, this occurs on the lease commencement date. The determination of who is the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements determines the nature of the leased asset and when revenue recognition under a lease begins. If we are the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements, then the leased asset is the finished space and revenue recognition begins when the lessee takes possession of the finished space, typically when the improvements are substantially complete. If we conclude we are not the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements (the lessee is the owner), then the leased asset is the unimproved space and any tenant improvement allowances funded under the lease are treated as lease incentives which reduces revenue recognized over the term of the lease. In these circumstances, we begin revenue recognition when the lessee takes possession of the unimproved space for the lessee to construct their own improvements. We consider a number of different factors to evaluate whether it or the lessee is the owner of the tenant improvements for accounting purposes. These factors include: 
 
 &#183; 
 whether the lease stipulates how and on what a tenant improvement allowance may be spent; 
 
 &#183; 
 whether the tenant or landlord retains legal title to the improvements; 
 
 &#183; 
 the uniqueness of the improvements; 
 
 &#183; 
 the expected economic life of the tenant improvements relative to the length of the lease; and 
 
 &#183; 
 who constructs or directs the construction of the improvements. 
 
 The determination of who owns the tenant improvements, for accounting purposes, is subject to significant judgment. In making that determination, we consider all of the above factors. No one factor, however, necessarily establishes its determination. 
 
 We recognize rental income on a straight-line basis over the term of each lease. The difference between rental income earned on a straight-line basis and the cash rent due under the provisions of the lease agreements is recorded as deferred rent receivable and is included as a component of accounts and rents receivable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Due to the impact of the straight-line basis, rental income generally is greater than the cash collected in the early years and decreases in the later years of a lease. We periodically review the collectability of outstanding receivables. Allowances are taken for those balances that we deem to be uncollectible, including any amounts relating to straight-line rent receivables. 
 
 Reimbursements from tenants for recoverable real estate tax and operating expenses are accrued as revenue in the period the applicable expenses are incurred. We make certain assumptions and judgments in estimating the reimbursements at the end of each reporting period. We do not expect the actual results to differ from the estimated reimbursement. 
 
 In conjunction with certain acquisitions, we may receive payments under master lease agreements pertaining to certain non-revenue producing spaces either at the time of, or subsequent to the purchase of some of our properties. Upon receipt of the payments, the receipts will be recorded as a reduction in the purchase price of the related properties rather than as rental income. These master leases may be established at the time of purchase in order to mitigate the potential negative effects of loss of rent and expense reimbursements. Master lease payments are received through a draw of funds escrowed at the time of purchase and may cover a period from six months to three years. These funds may be released to either us or the seller when certain leasing conditions are met. Funds received by third party escrow agents, from sellers, pertaining to master lease agreements are included in restricted cash. We record such escrows as both an asset and a corresponding liability, until certain leasing conditions are met. As of December 31, 2009, there were no material adjustments for master lease agreements. 
 
 We will recognize lease termination income if there is a signed termination letter agreement, all of the conditions of the agreement have been met, collectability is reasonably assured and the tenant is no longer occupying the property. Upon early lease termination, we will provide for losses related to unrecovered intangibles and other assets. 
 
 We recognize lodging operating revenue on an accrual basis consistent with operations. 
 
 Partially-Owned Entities 
 
 We evaluate our investments in limited liability companies and partnerships to determine whether such entities may be a variable interest entity (&#147;VIE&#148;). If the entity is a VIE, the determination of whether we are the primary beneficiary must be made. We will consolidate a VIE if we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary, as defined in Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) 

 -54- 
 
 Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic on Consolidation. The equity method of accounting is applied to entities in which we are not the primary beneficiary as defined in the Consolidation Topic of the FASB ASC, or the entity is not a VIE and we do not have effective control, but can exercise influence over the entity with respect to its operations and major decisions. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We and MB REIT operate in a manner intended to enable each entity to qualify as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Under those sections, a REIT that distributes at least 90% of its REIT taxable income determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and by excluding any net capital gain to its stockholders each year and that meets certain other conditions will not be taxed on that portion of its taxable income which is distributed to its stockholders. If we or MB REIT fail to distribute the required amount of income to our stockholders, or fail to meet the various REIT requirements, without the benefit of certain relief provisions, we or MB REIT may fail to qualify as a REIT and substantial adverse tax consequences may result. Even if we and MB REIT qualify for taxation as a REIT, we and MB REIT may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income, property, or net worth, and to federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, taxable income from non-REIT activities managed through taxable REIT subsidiaries is subject to federal, state and local income taxes. 
 
 In 2007, we formed the following wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiaries in connection with the acquisition of the lodging portfolios and student housing: Barclay Holdings, Inc., Inland American Holding TRS, Inc., and Inland American Communities Third Party, Inc. In 2008, we formed Inland American Lodging Garden Grove Harbor TRS, LLC in connection with an addition to the lodging portfolio. Taxable income from non-REIT activities managed through these taxable REIT subsidiaries is subject to federal, state, and local income taxes. As such, our taxable REIT subsidiaries are required to pay income taxes at the applicable rates. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We continually evaluate the economic and credit environment and its impact on our business. Maintaining significant capital reserves has become a priority for all companies. At this juncture we believe we are appropriately positioned to have significant cash to utilize in executing our strategy. Our objectives are to invest in real estate assets that produce attractive current yield and long-term risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders and to generate sustainable and predictable cash flow from our operations to distribute to our stockholders. 
 
 For 2010, we believe that our acquisitions will be fewer than prior years as our primary capital raise was completed in April 2009. 
 
 Our principal demands for funds will be: 
 
 &#183; 
 to service or pay-down our debt; 
 
 &#183; 
 to pay our expenses and the operating expenses of our properties; 
 
 &#183; 
 to make distributions to our stockholders; 
 
 &#183; 
 to invest in properties; 
 
 &#183; 
 to fund joint ventures and development commitments; 
 
 &#183; 
 to fund capital expenditures; and 
 
 &#183; 
 to invest in REIT marketable securities. 
 
 Generally, our cash needs will be funded from: 
 
 &#183; 
 income earned on our investment properties; 
 
 &#183; 
 interest income on investments and dividend and gain on sale income earned on our investment in marketable securities; 
 
 &#183; 
 proceeds from borrowings on properties; 
 
 &#183; 
 distributions from our joint venture investments; and 
 
 &#183; 
 issuance of shares under our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 
 Acquisitions and Investments 

 -55- 
 
 We completed approximately $1.1 billion of real estate acquisitions in 2009 and $1.9 billion in 2008. These acquisitions were consummated through our subsidiaries and were funded with available cash, mortgage indebtedness, and the proceeds from the primary offering of our shares of common stock. 
 
 Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
 
 We have entered into a number of joint ventures that invest in operating properties, developments and real estate loans. The joint ventures that are focused on operating properties continue to generate positive cash flows. Certain of our development joint ventures are experiencing longer lease-up timelines and could be leased at rates less than originally projected. The development joint ventures also have construction loans from third parties that could mature before the completion of the development. These lenders might not be willing to extend their loans or extend on terms acceptable to us or our partners. Although we have no additional obligation to fund these ventures, other than noted below, our investment could be at risk without the funding of additional capital. It is anticipated that the entities will be able to repay or refinance all of their debt on a timely basis, however, the debt maturities of the entities are not recourse to us and we have no obligation to fund, other than the remaining commitment listed below. 

 Joint Venture 
 Description 
 Investment at December 31, 2009 
 (000s) (a) 
 Remaining Commitment 
 (000s) 

 Primarily Development 
 
 Weber/Inland American Lewisville TC, LP 
 Retail Center Development 
 $ 
 7,992 
 $ 
 - 

 Primarily Operating 
 
 D.R. Stephens Institutional Fund, LLC 
 Industrial and R&D Assets 
 $ 
 70,752 
 $ 
 10,900 
 
 Cobalt Industrial REIT II 
 Industrial Portfolio 
 79,511 
 55,278 
 
 Net Lease Strategic Asset Fund L.P. 
 Net Lease Assets 
 180,304 
 - 
 
 Wakefield Capital, LLC 
 Senior Housing Portfolio 
 94,872 
 - 
 
 Other operating joint ventures 
 Lodging Facilities 
 30,291 
 - 
 
 $ 
 455,730 
 $ 
 66,178 
 
 Real Estate Loan Fund 
 
 Concord Debt Holdings, LLC 
 Real Estate Loan Fund 
 $ 
 (9,940) 
 $ 
 13,637 

 Total 
 $ 
 453,782 
 $ 
 79,815 

 (a) Represents our investment balance as reported for GAAP purposes on our balance sheet at December 31, 2009. 

 Concord Debt Holdings, LLC 
 
 On August 2, 2008, we entered into the Concord Debt Holdings, LLC joint venture (&#147;Concord&#148;) with Lex-Win Concord LLC, which originates and acquires real estate securities and real estate related loans. We have invested $77.4 million in the venture as of December 31, 2009 and have accounted for this investment under the equity method. During 2009, Concord received margin calls on certain of its loan facilities that required the entity to identify certain loans that will be disposed of to provide liquidity to meet the required pay down requirements. In addition, Concord has recorded impairment losses and loan loss reserves of $225.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2009. The carrying value of ($9.9) million reflects the reduction in our investment in Concord from our share of the net loss at the venture level and distributions. The carrying value of this investment is recorded up to the amount at which the Company approximately believes it is obligated to fund. 
 
 On May 22, 2009, Inland American Concord (Sub), LLC (&#147;IA Sub&#148;) filed an action against Lex-Win Concord LLC (&#147;Concord&#148;) in the Delaware Court of Chancery seeking a declaration in connection with certain of our rights/obligations under the Limited Liability Company Agreement (&#147;Agreement&#148;) that governs this venture. 
 
 On December 22, 2009, Lexington, Winthrop, Inland, and their respective subsidiaries entered into a settlement agreement to resolve and settle the IA Sub v. Concord action. The settlement agreement provides for, among other things, the termination of any party&#146;s obligation to contribute capital to Concord, the allocation of distributions equally among Inland, Lexington and Winthrop in Concord, and the formation of a new entity to be owned by subsidiaries of Inland, Lexington and Winthrop. The effectiveness of the settlement agreement is conditioned on certain conditions, including the cancellation of certain CDO bonds held by Concord Debt Funding Trust. A lawsuit has been filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery, by Concord to effect such cancellation. The bonds must be cancelled by August 14, 2010, or the settlement agreement becomes null and void. 

 -56- 
 
 Investments in Consolidated Developments 
 
 We have entered into certain development projects that are in various stages of pre-development and development. We fund cash needs for these development activities from our working capital and by borrowings secured by the properties. Specifically identifiable direct development and construction costs are capitalized, including, where applicable, salaries and related costs, real estate taxes and interest incurred in developing the property. In addition, we have purchased land and incurred pre-development costs of $114 million for an additional five multi-family projects. We will most likely not commence construction until construction financing becomes available at appropriate rates and terms, however it is still our intent to develop these projects. 
 
 The overall economic difficulties continue to impact the real estate industry and developments in particular. The current and projected slow-down in consumer spending has negatively impacted the retail environment and is causing many retailers to pull back from new leasing and expansion plans. While the overall retail sector will be negatively impacted, retail development will be particularly exposed. Our retail developments could experience longer lease-up timelines and future leasing could be at leasing rates less than originally underwritten. 
 
 The properties under development and all amounts set forth below are as of December 31, 2009. (Dollar amounts stated in thousands) 

 Name 
 Location 
 (City, State) 
 Property Type 
 Square Feet 
 Costs Incurred to Date ($) 
 Total Estimated Costs ($) (a) 
 Estimated Placed in Service 
 Date (b) 
 Note Payable as of December 31, 2009 ($) 
 Percentage Pre-Leased as of December 31, 2009 (d) 
 
 Cityville Carlisle 
 Dallas, TX 
 Multi-family 
 211,512 
 21,458 
 40,775 
 Q3 2010 
 13,454 
 0% (e) 
 
 Cityville Block 121 
 Birmingham, AL 
 Multi-family 
 272,960 
 18,294 
 37,314 
 Q3 2010 
 2,420 
 0% (e) 
 
 Aloft Hotel 
 Chapel Hill, NC 
 Hotel 
 130 rooms 
 17,565 
 22,891 
 Q2 2010 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stone Creek 
 San Marcos, TX 
 Retail 
 469,741 
 47,454 
 68,836 
 (c) 
 9,068 
 64% 
 
 Woodbridge 
 Wylie, TX 
 Retail 
 519,745 
 35,673 
 71,638 
 (c) 
 8,906 
 42% 
 
 140,444 
 241,454 
 33,848 

 (a) 
 The Total Estimated Costs represent 100% of the development's estimated costs, including the acquisition cost of the land and building, if any. The Total Estimated Costs are subject to change upon, or prior to, the completion of the development and include amounts required to lease the property. 
 
 (b) 
 The Estimated Placed in Service Date represents the date the certificate of occupancy is currently anticipated to be obtained. Subsequent to obtaining the certificate of occupancy, each property will go through a lease-up period. 
 
 (c) 
 Stone Creek and Woodbridge are retail shopping centers and development is planned to be completed in phases. As the construction and lease-up of individual phases are completed, the respective phase will be placed in service resulting in a range of estimated placed in service dates through 2016. The occupancy presented includes anchor tenants for the project who own their respective square feet. 
 
 (d) 
 The Percentage Pre-Leased represents the percentage of square feet leased of the total projected square footage of the entire development. 
 
 (e) 
 Leasing activities related to multi-family properties do not begin until six to nine months prior to the placed in service date. 
 
 Notes Receivable 
 
 Our notes receivable balance was $423.5 million and $480.8 million as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, and consisted of installment notes from unrelated parties that mature on various dates through July 2012 and installment notes assumed in the Winston acquisition. The notes are secured by mortgages on land, shopping centers and hotel properties and certain loans guaranteed by the borrowers. Interest only is due each month at rates ranging from 1.86% to 9.50% per annum. For the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, we recorded interest income from notes receivable of $26.4 million and $27.6 million, respectively, which is included in the interest and dividend income on the consolidated statement of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 Ten of our notes receivable with an aggregate book value (after impairment) of $243.0 million are considered impaired. We evaluate the collectability of the notes, including an evaluation of the fair value of the collateral, which includes the review of third party appraisals. We recorded $74.1 million of impairment on six of these notes. The remaining book value of these six notes receivable, after impairment charges, aggregates to $11.5 million. We determined the amount of impairment to recognize based on a determination of the fair value of the underlying collateral based on appraisals as of or near December 31, 2009 or an estimate of expected discounted cash flows. The impaired notes receivable generated $14.5 million of interest income for the year ended December 31, 2009. 

 -57- 

 Our investments in notes receivable consisted primarily of an aggregate $214.6 million in loans secured by three parcels of land held for development in Florida and California and a $140.8 million loan participation secured by a portfolio of 25 retail centers located in 13 states. The remaining $68.1 million, of which $28.4 million is considered impaired, represents loans to various third parties secured by operating retail and lodging properties as well as land held for development. 
 
 Our aggregate $214.6 million loans are secured by three land parcels held for development. Two of the land sites are located in Florida and are currently held for future multi-use development with active development not likely in the near term. The third land site is located in Sacramento, California and is currently under development. All the land parcels will require substantial development and investment over a long term investment horizon before material cash-flows will be realized. These loans are currently considered impaired as the borrower has not made the required interest payments since July of 2009. We have not recorded any impairment losses on these loans as the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral is substantially greater than our book value for these loans. Our analysis of the fair value of the collateral includes the review of third party appraisals as of or near December 31, 2009. These fair value estimates are calculated using significant judgments of future long-term real estate, governmental and economic conditions to develop cash-flowing investments from these land parcels. The primary inputs are conditioned on a long-term recovery of these real estate markets so that development will deliver positive risk-adjusted returns and to the extent economic conditions do not improve, we could see decreases in the fair value of our collateral and notes. We are also subject to near-term risk of continued non-performance of the borrower or actions from other stake-holders in these projects, which could materially impact the fair value of our collateral. 
 
 We have also invested in a $141 million loan participation secured by a portfolio of 25 retail centers located in 13 states. Our $141 million loan participation is the junior participation in an approximately $424.0 million first mortgage. This loan matures in October of 2010 and our loan pays 5.4% over LIBOR. These loans are current in their payments and the underlying properties are generating sufficient cash flow to service the current debt service. 
 
 If we consider a loan to be non-performing or the collectability is uncertain based on the underlying collateral, we will place the loan on non-accrual status. We recognize interest income on a cash basis, as received. If the fair value of the loan collateral decreases to less than the amortized cost basis of the loan, any interest received will be recorded as a reduction of the loan basis. If the fair value of the collateral subsequently recovers to greater than the cost basis of the loan, and if the loan is not otherwise in default, any interest payment will be recognized as interest income. 
 
 Distributions 
 
 We declared cash distributions to our stockholders per weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period from January 1, 2009 to December 31, 2009 totaling $405.3 million or $.50 per share. These cash distributions were paid with $369 million from our cash flow from operations, $32 million provided by distributions from unconsolidated entities, as well as excess cash flow from prior years. 
 
 The following chart presents a historical view of our distribution coverage. 

 2009 
 2008 
 2007 
 2006 
 2005 
 
 Cash flow provided by operations 
 $ 
 369,031 
 384,365 
 263,420 
 65,883 
 11,498 
 
 Distributions from unconsolidated entities 
 $ 
 32,081 
 41,704 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Distributions Declared 
 $ 
 (405,337) 
 (418,694) 
 (242,606) 
 (41,178) 
 (438) 
 
 Excess (deficiency) 
 $ 
 (4,225) 
 7,375 
 20,814 
 24,705 
 11,060 

 On January 20, 2009, our board of directors voted unanimously to determine each monthly distribution rate on an adjustable basis, with a floor of $.50/share, which equates to a 5% annualized yield on a share purchase of $10 (the price at which we last offered shares of our common stock in the primary offering completed in April 2009). 
 
 Financing Activities and Contractual Obligations 
 
 Stock Offering 
 
 Our initial offering of shares of common stock terminated as of the close of business on July 31, 2007. We had sold a total of 469,598,762 shares in the primary offering and approximately 9,720,991 shares pursuant to the offering of shares through the dividend reinvestment plan. A follow-on registration statement for an offering of up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock at $10.00 each and up to 40,000,000 shares at $9.50 each pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan was declared effective by the SEC on August 1, 2007 and terminated on April 6, 2009. On March 31, 2009, we filed a registration statement to register 50,000,000 shares to be issued under the distribution reinvestment plan. As of December 31, 2009, we had sold a total of 320,634,706 shares in the follow-on offering and 56,191,861 shares pursuant to the offering of shares through the dividend reinvestment plan. Our total offering costs for both our initial and follow on-offering as of December 31, 2009 were approximately $828 million. 

 -58- 
 
 Under rules published by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&#147;FINRA&#148;), registered broker-dealers must disclose in a customer&#146;s account statement an estimated value for a REIT&#146;s securities if the annual report of that REIT discloses a per share estimated value. The FINRA rules prohibit broker-dealers from using a per share estimated value developed from data that is more than eighteen months old. We are currently evaluating the method that we will use to assist broker-dealers with this requirement. Because of the uncertainties in the marketplace generally and the factors described herein and in our other reports filed under the Exchange Act, which could continue to impact our results of operations and financial condition, we expect that the future per share estimated value of our shares will be less than the price at which we last offered shares in a primary offering or the price of our shares currently offered through our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 As of December 31, 2009, we had repurchased 32,527,130 shares for $304 million under the share repurchase program. Our board of directors voted to suspend the share repurchase program until further notice, effective March 30, 2009. 
 
 Borrowings 
 
 During 2009, we repaid $10 million of amounts borrowed against our portfolio of marketable securities. During the year ended December 31, 2008, we repaid approximately $35.1 million of amounts borrowed against our portfolio of marketable securities. We borrowed approximately $371 million secured by mortgages on our properties and assumed $626.2 million of debt at acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2009. We borrowed approximately $1.0 billion secured by mortgages on our properties for the year ended December 31, 2008. 
 
 Our interest rate risk is monitored using a variety of techniques, including periodically evaluating fixed interest rate quotes on all variable rate debt and the costs associated with converting the debt to fixed rate debt. Also, existing fixed and variable rate loans that are scheduled to mature in the next year or two are evaluated for possible early refinancing and or extension due to consideration given to current interest rates. The table below presents, on a consolidated basis, the principal amount, weighted average interest rates and maturity date (by year) on our mortgage debt as of December 31, 2009 (dollar amounts are stated in thousands). 

 2010 
 2011 
 2012 
 2013 
 2014 
 Thereafter 
 Total 
 
 Maturing debt : 
 
 Fixed rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 $ 
 66,193 
 114,963 
 115,410 
 542,227 
 248,612 
 2,428,173 
 3,515,578 
 
 Variable rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 $ 
 485,594 
 540,703 
 273,239 
 195,874 
 15,400 
 30,010 
 1,540,820 

 Weighted average interest rate on debt: 
 
 Fixed rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 5.95% 
 5.11% 
 5.37% 
 5.70% 
 5.49% 
 5.69% 
 5.66% 
 
 Variable rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 2.40% 
 3.64% 
 3.49% 
 2.55% 
 5.50% 
 5.29% 
 3.13% 

 The debt maturity excludes mortgage discounts associated with debt assumed at acquisition of which a premium of $1.2 million, net of accumulated amortization, is outstanding as of December 31, 2009. 
 
 We have entered into eight interest rate swap agreements that have converted $401.8 million of our mortgage loans from variable to fixed rates. The pay rates range from 1.62% to 4.75% with maturity dates from January 29, 2010 to March 27, 2013. 
 
 The table below represents the breakdown of our 2010 maturities (in thousands): 

 2010 maturities 
 $ 
 551.8 
 
 Extended or refinanced through March 15, 2010 
 $ 
 209.6 
 
 LIP-H and other consolidated joint ventures 
 $ 
 131.5 

 Remaining 2010 maturities 
 $ 
 210.7 

 As of December 31, 2009, we had approximately $551.8 million and $655.7 million in mortgage debt maturing in 2010 and 2011, respectively. Of the $551.8 million maturing in 2010, $131.5 million is from certain of our consolidated joint ventures, including LIP-H, which is not recourse to us. We have addressed $209.6 million through refinancing or extensions in the first quarter of 2010. We are currently negotiating refinancing the remaining debt with the existing lenders at terms that will most likely be at higher credit spreads and lower loan to value. We currently anticipate that we will be able to repay or refinance all of our debt on a timely basis, and believe we have adequate sources of funds to meet our short term cash needs. However, there can be no assurance that we can obtain 

 -59- 
 
 such refinancing on satisfactory terms. Continued volatility in the capital markets could expose us to the risk of not being able to borrow on terms and conditions acceptable to us for future acquisitions or refinancings. 
 
 Summary of Cash Flows 

 Year ended December 31, 
 
 2009 
 2008 
 2007 
 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities 
 $ 
 369,031 
 $ 
 384,365 
 $ 
 263,420 
 
 Cash used in investing activities 
 (563,163) 
 (2,484,825) 
 (4,873,404) 
 
 Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 (250,602) 
 2,636,325 
 4,716,852 
 
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (444,734) 
 535,865 
 106,868 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of year 
 945,225 
 409,360 
 302,492 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, at end of year 
 $ 
 500,491 
 $ 
 945,225 
 $ 
 409,360 

 Cash provided by operating activities was $369 million, $384 million and $263 million for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, and was generated primarily from operating income from property operations and interest and dividends. The decrease in cash flows from the year ended December 31, 2009 was due to decreases in net lodging income, interest and dividend income, and increase in business management fees and interest expenses. The increase in cash flows in 2008 over the year ended December 31, 2007 was primarily due to the 187 properties acquired during the year ended December 31, 2008. 
 
 Cash used in investing activities was $563 million, $2.5 billion and $4.9 billion for years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2009, cash was used primarily for purchases of investment properties and investment in developments and capital expenditures as well as used for funding of our unconsolidated joint ventures and notes receivable. We used less cash in our investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2009 than the year ended December 31, 2008 primarily due to the decrease in acquisitions from 187 in 2008 to 48 for the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 
 Cash provided by (used in) financing activities was $(251) million, $2.6 billion and $4.7 billion for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, we generated proceeds from the sale of shares, net of offering costs paid and share repurchases, of approximately $263 million, $2.2 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively. We generated approximately $370 million from borrowings secured by mortgages on our properties for the year ended December 31, 2009. During the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, we generated approximately $1.0 billion and $1.6 billion, respectively, from borrowings secured by mortgages on our properties. During the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, we paid approximately $412, $406 and $223 million, respectively, in distributions to our common stockholders. We also paid off mortgage debt in the amount of $436, $139 and $20 million for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007. 
 
 We consider all demand deposits, money market accounts and investments in certificates of deposit and repurchase agreements with a maturity of six months or less, at the date of purchase, to be cash equivalents. We maintain our cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions. The combined account balances at one or more institutions periodically exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) insurance coverage and, as a result, there is a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 The table below presents, on a consolidated basis, obligations and commitments to make future payments under debt obligations (including interest), and lease agreements as of December 31, 2009 (dollar amounts are stated in thousands). 

 Payments due by period 
 
 Less than 
 More than 

 Total 
 1 year 
 1-3 years 
 3-5 years 
 5 years 
 
 Long-Term Debt Obligations 
 $ 
 6,963,062 
 790,237 
 2,367,504 
 1,425,398 
 2,379,923 

 Ground Lease Payments 
 $ 
 61,552 
 1,071 
 3,279 
 3,427 
 53,775 

 We have acquired several properties subject to the obligation to pay the seller additional monies depending on the future leasing and occupancy of the property. These earnout payments are based on a predetermined formula. Each earnout agreement has a time limit regarding the obligation to pay any additional monies. If at the end of the time period, certain space has not been leased and occupied, we will not have any further obligation. Assuming all the conditions are satisfied, as of December 31, 2009, we would be obligated to pay as much as $32.4 million in the future as vacant space covered by these earnout agreements is occupied and becomes rent producing. The information in the above table does not reflect these contractual obligations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2009, we had outstanding commitments to purchase approximately $543 million of real estate properties through 2010 and fund approximately $79.8 million into joint ventures. As of December 31, 2009, we had commitments totaling $95 million 

 -60- 
 
 for various development projects. We intend on funding these acquisitions with cash on hand of approximately $500 million and financing from assuming debt related to some of the acquisitions in the amount above of $418 million. 
 
 As part of our consolidated MB REIT joint venture with Minto Delaware, we could be required to redeem Minto Delaware&#146;s interest in MB REIT beginning on October 11, 2011 subject to the terms and conditions below: 
 
 &#183; 
 On or after October 11, 2011 until October 11, 2012, Minto Holdings, an affiliate of Minto Delaware, has the option to require us to purchase, in whole, but not in part, 100% of the Minto Delaware's investment in the MB REIT (consisting of the series A preferred stock and common stock) for a price equal to (A) if our shares of common stock are not listed, on the earlier of (x) the date we purchase Minto Delaware's investment or (y) 150 days after the date written notice of the exercise of the initial purchase right is given, the sum of (1) the series A liquidation preference, payable in cash and (2) $29.3 million or (B) if the shares of our stock are listed, on the earlier of (x) the date we purchase Minto Delaware's investment or (y) 150 days after the date written notice of the exercise of the initial purchase right is given, the sum of (1) the series A liquidation preference, payable in cash and (2) 2,934,800 shares of our common stock. The series A liquidation preference is equal to $1,276 per share for 207,000 shares of series A preferred stock plus accrued and unpaid dividends. 
 
 &#183; 
 On or after October 11, 2012, Minto Holdings has an option to require us to purchase, in whole, but not in part, 100% of the Minto Delaware investment for a price equal to (A) if the shares of our common stock are not listed, on the earlier of (x) the date we purchase the Minto Delaware investment or (y) 150 days after written notice of a subsequent purchase right is given, the sum of (1) the series A liquidation preference, payable in cash and (2) the fair market value (pursuant to a specified formula) of the common stock held by Minto Delaware on the date written notice of the subsequent purchase right is given, payable in cash, or (B) if the shares of our common stock are listed, on the earlier of (x) the date we purchase the Minto Delaware equity or (y) 150 days after written notice of the subsequent purchase right is given, the sum of (1) the series A liquidation preference, payable in cash and (2) 2,934,800 shares of our common stock. 
 
 &#183; 
 On or after October 11, 2015, so long as the MB REIT qualifies as a &#147;domestically controlled REIT,&#148; MB REIT has the right to purchase, in whole, but not in part, 100% of Minto Delaware's investment for a price equal to (A) if the shares of our common stock are not listed, the sum of (1) the series A liquidation preference, payable in cash and (2) the fair market value (pursuant to a specified formula) of the common stock of MB REIT held by Minto Delaware or (B) if the shares of our common stock are listed, the sum of (1) the series A liquidation preference, payable in cash and (2) 2,934,800 shares of our common stock. 
 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Unconsolidated Real Estate Joint Ventures 
 
 Unconsolidated joint ventures are those where we have substantial influence over but do not control the entity. We account for our interest in these ventures using the equity method of accounting. For additional discussion of our investments in joint ventures, please refer to the liquidity section of Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Our ownership percentage and related investment in each joint venture is summarized in the following table. (Dollar amounts stated in thousands). 

 Joint Venture 
 Ownership % 
 Investment at December 31, 2009 
 
 Net Lease Strategic Asset Fund L.P. 
 85% 
 $ 
 180,304 

 Cobalt Industrial REIT II 
 28% 
 79,511 

 D.R. Stephens Institutional Fund, LLC 
 90% 
 70,752 

 Concord Debt Holdings, LLC 
 (a) 
 (9,940) 

 Wakefield Capital, LLC 
 (b) 
 94,872 

 Other Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
 Various 
 38,283 

 $ 
 453,782 

 (a) 
 We have contributed $77,400 to the venture in exchange for a 10% preferred membership interests in the venture. 
 
 (b) 
 We invested $100,000 in Wakefield Capital, LLC in exchange for a Series A Convertible Preferred Membership interest and are entitled to a 10.5% preferred dividend. 

 -61- 

 Subsequent Events 
 
 We paid distributions to our stockholders of $34.3 million in January 2010, $34.4 million in February 2010 and $34.5 million in March 2010. 
 
 Subsequent to year end, we purchased 24 properties for $543.1 million. We financed these acquisitions by securing a new loan of $31.8 million and assuming debt of $386.4 million. The remaining $124.9 million was funded from cash balances. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are subject to market risk associated with changes in interest rates both in terms of variable-rate debt and the price of new fixed-rate debt upon maturity of existing debt and for acquisitions. We are also subject to market risk associated with our marketable securities investments. 
 
 Our interest rate risk management objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. If market rates of interest on all of the floating rate debt as of December 31, 2009 permanently increased by 1%, the increase in interest expense on the floating rate debt would decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately $15.4 million. If market rates of interest on all of the floating rate debt as of December 31, 2009 permanently decreased by 1%, the decrease in interest expense on the floating rate debt would increase future earnings and cash flows by approximately $15.4 million. 
 
 With regard to variable rate financing, we assess interest rate cash flow risk by continually identifying and monitoring changes in interest rate exposures that may adversely impact expected future cash flows and by evaluating hedging opportunities. We maintain risk management control systems to monitor interest rate cash flow risk attributable to both of our outstanding or forecasted debt obligations as well as our potential offsetting hedge positions. The risk management control systems involve the use of analytical techniques, including cash flow sensitivity analysis, to estimate the expected impact of changes in interest rates on our future cash flows. 
 
 We monitor interest rate risk using a variety of techniques, including periodically evaluating fixed interest rate quotes on all variable rate debt and the costs associated with converting the debt to fixed rate debt. Also, existing fixed and variable rate loans that are scheduled to mature in the next year or two are evaluated for possible early refinancing and or extension due to consideration given to current interest rates. The table below presents mortgage debt principal amounts and weighted average interest rates by year and expected maturity to evaluate the expected cash flows and sensitivity to interest rate changes (dollar amounts are stated in thousands). 

 2010 
 2011 
 2012 
 2013 
 2014 
 Thereafter 
 Total 
 
 Maturing debt : 
 
 Fixed rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 $ 
 66,193 
 114,963 
 115,410 
 542,227 
 248,612 
 2,428,173 
 3,515,578 
 
 Variable rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 $ 
 485,594 
 540,703 
 273,239 
 195,874 
 15,400 
 30,010 
 1,540,820 

 Weighted average interest rate on debt: 
 
 Fixed rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 5.95% 
 5.11% 
 5.37% 
 5.70% 
 5.49% 
 5.69% 
 5.66% 
 
 Variable rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 2.40% 
 3.64% 
 3.49% 
 2.55% 
 5.50% 
 5.29% 
 3.13% 

 The debt maturity excludes mortgage discounts associated with debt assumed at acquisition of which a premium of $1.2 million, net of accumulated amortization, is outstanding as of December 31, 2009. 
 
 We may use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on loans secured by our properties. To the extent we do, we are exposed to credit risk and market risk. Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. When the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes us, which creates credit risk for us. When the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we owe the counterparty and, therefore, it does not possess credit risk. It is our policy to enter into these transactions with the same party providing the financing. In the alternative, we will seek to minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with what we believe are high-quality counterparties. Market risk is the adverse effect on the value of a financial instrument that results from a change in interest rates. The market risk associated with interest-rate contracts is managed by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of market risk that may be undertaken. 
 
 We have, and may in the future enter into, derivative positions that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. If these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, the gains or losses resulting from their mark-to-market at the end of each reporting 

 -62- 
 
 period are recognized as an increase or decrease in &#147;interest expense&#148; on our consolidated statements of income. In addition, we are, and may in the future be, subject to additional expense based on the notional amount of the derivative positions and a specified spread over LIBOR. 
 
 Equity Price Risk 
 
 We are exposed to equity price risk as a result of our investments in marketable equity securities. Equity price risk changes as the volatility of equity prices changes or the values of corresponding equity indices change. 
 
 Other than temporary impairments were $4 million and $246.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The overall stock market and REIT stocks, including our REIT stock investments, have declined since mid-2007, which have resulted in our recognizing impairments. We believe that our investments will continue to generate dividend income and, if the REIT market recovers, we could continue to recognize gains on sale. However, due to general economic and credit market uncertainties it is difficult to project where the REIT market and our portfolio value will be in 2010. 
 
 While it is difficult to project what factors may affect the prices of equity sectors and how much the effect might be, the table below illustrates the impact of a 10% increase and a 10% decrease in the price of the equities held by us would have on the value of the total assets and the book value of the Company as of December 31, 2009 (dollar amounts stated in thousands). 

 Hypothetical 10% Decrease in 
 Hypothetical 10% Increase in 
 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 Market Value 
 Market Value 
 
 Marketable securities 
 $ 
 298,190 
 205,615 
 185,054 
 226,177 

 Derivatives 
 
 The following table summarizes our interest rate swap contracts outstanding as of December 31, 2009 (dollar amounts stated in thousands): 

 Date Entered 
 Effective Date 
 End Date 
 Pay Fixed Rate 
 Receive Floating Rate Index 
 Notional Amount($) 
 Fair Value of December 31, 2009 (1) ($) 
 
 November 16, 2007 
 November 20, 2007 
 April 1, 2011 
 4.45% 
 1 month LIBOR 
 24,425 
 (1,116) 
 
 February 6, 2008 
 February 6, 2008 
 January 29, 2010 
 4.39% 
 1 month LIBOR 
 200,000 
 (373) 
 
 March 28, 2008 
 March 28, 2008 
 March 27, 2013 
 3.32% 
 1 month LIBOR 
 33,062 
 (1,299) 
 
 March 28, 2008 
 March 28, 2008 
 March 31, 2011 
 2.81% 
 1 month LIBOR 
 50,000 
 (1,268) 
 
 March 28, 2008 
 March 28, 2008 
 March 27, 2010 
 2.40% 
 1 month LIBOR 
 35,450 
 (178) 
 
 December 12, 2008 
 January 1, 2009 
 December 12, 2011 
 (2) 
 (2) 
 20,245 
 24 
 
 December 23, 2008 
 January 5, 2009 
 December 22, 2011 
 1.86% 
 1 month LIBOR 
 16,637 
 (185) 
 
 January 16, 2009 
 January 13, 2009 
 January 13, 2012 
 1.62% 
 1 month LIBOR 
 22,000 
 (138) 

 $401,819 
 $(4,533) 

 (1) The fair value was determined by a discounted cash flow model based on changes in interest rates. 

 (2) Interest rate cap at 4.75%. 

 We and MB REIT entered into a put/call agreement as a part of the MB REIT transaction. This agreement is considered a derivative instrument and is accounted for pursuant to ASC 815. Derivatives are required to be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. If the derivative is designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings. The fair value of the put/call agreement is estimated using the Black-Scholes model. 

 -63- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 

 Index 
 
 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Page 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 65 

 Financial Statements: 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2009 and 2008 
 66 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 
 2009, 2008 and 2007 
 67 

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 
 69 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 
 72 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 75 

 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Schedule III) 
 105 

 Schedules not filed: 
 
 All schedules other than the one listed in the Index have been omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the financial statements or related notes. 

 -64- 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc.: 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the related consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2009. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the financial statement schedule III. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2009, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 
 
 As discussed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed their method of accounting for noncontrolling interests due to the adoption of a new accounting pronouncement for noncontrolling interests, as of January 1, 2009. 

 /s/ KPMG LLP 

 Chicago, Illinois 
 March 15, 2010 

 -65- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Assets 
 December 31, 2009 
 December 31, 2008 
 
 Assets: 
 
 Investment properties: 
 
 Land 
 $ 
 1,684,793 
 $ 
 1,481,920 
 
 Building and other improvements 
 7,866,633 
 6,735,022 
 
 Construction in progress 
 278,096 
 318,440 
 
 Total 
 9,829,522 
 8,535,382 
 
 Less accumulated depreciation 
 (717,547) 
 (406,235) 
 
 Net investment properties 
 9,111,975 
 8,129,147 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 500,491 
 945,225 
 
 Restricted cash and escrows (Note 2) 
 71,187 
 72,704 
 
 Investment in marketable securities (Note 9) 
 217,061 
 229,149 
 
 Investment in unconsolidated entities (Note 4) 
 453,782 
 742,510 
 
 Accounts and rents receivable (net of allowance of $7,853 and $3,064) 
 80,145 
 70,212 
 
 Notes receivable (Note 8) 
 423,478 
 480,774 
 
 Due from related parties (Note 7) 
 - 
 750 
 
 Intangible assets, net (Note 2) 
 389,136 
 383,509 
 
 Deferred costs, net 
 47,429 
 45,323 
 
 Other assets 
 31,292 
 34,585 
 
 Deferred tax asset 
 2,235 
 2,978 
 
 Total assets 
 $ 
 11,328,211 
 $ 
 11,136,866 

 Liabilities and Equity 

 Liabilities: 
 
 Mortgages, notes and margins payable (Note 11) 
 $ 
 5,085,899 
 $ 
 4,437,997 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 43,861 
 49,305 
 
 Distributions payable 
 34,317 
 40,777 
 
 Accrued real estate taxes 
 46,805 
 31,371 
 
 Advance rent and other liabilities 
 81,477 
 82,568 
 
 Intangible liabilities, net (Note 2) 
 76,379 
 43,722 
 
 Other financings (Note 1) 
 47,762 
 47,762 
 
 Due to related parties (Note 7) 
 14,012 
 4,607 
 
 Deferred income tax liability 
 1,385 
 1,470 
 
 Total liabilities 
 5,431,897 
 4,739,579 

 Noncontrolling redeemable interests (Note 5) 
 264,132 
 264,132 
 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) 
 
 Stockholders' equity: 
 
 Preferred stock, $.001 par value, 40,000,000 shares authorized, none 
 outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, $.001 par value, 1,460,000,000 shares authorized, 
 823,619,190 and 794,574,007 shares issued and outstanding 
 824 
 795 
 
 Additional paid in capital (net of offering costs of $828,434 and $800,019, 
 of which $788,272 and $762,612 was paid or accrued to affiliates) 
 7,397,831 
 7,129,945 
 
 Accumulated distributions in excess of net income (loss) 
 (1,815,054) 
 (1,011,757) 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 29,712 
 (6,421) 

 Total Company stockholders' equity 
 5,613,313 
 6,112,562 

 Noncontrolling interests (Note 5) 
 18,869 
 20,593 

 Total equity 
 5,632,182 
 6,133,155 

 Total liabilities and equity 
 $ 
 11,328,211 
 $ 
 11,136,866 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -66- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 
 December 31, 2009 
 December 31, 2008 
 December 31, 2007 

 Income: 
 
 Rental income 
 $ 
 547,246 
 $ 
 418,282 
 $ 
 280,736 
 
 Tenant recovery income 
 84,237 
 74,169 
 59,587 
 
 Other property income 
 18,778 
 26,703 
 12,021 
 
 Lodging income 
 479,887 
 531,584 
 126,392 

 Total income 
 1,130,148 
 1,050,738 
 478,736 

 Expenses: 
 
 General and administrative expenses to 
 related parties 
 10,788 
 9,651 
 6,412 
 
 General and administrative expenses to 
 non-related parties 
 32,711 
 24,436 
 13,054 
 
 Property and lodging operating expenses to 
 related parties 
 25,513 
 19,753 
 14,328 
 
 Property operating expenses to non-related 
 parties 
 90,345 
 64,861 
 45,350 
 
 Lodging operating expenses 
 304,795 
 313,939 
 75,412 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 85,850 
 71,142 
 39,665 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 395,501 
 320,792 
 174,163 
 
 Business manager management fee 
 39,000 
 18,500 
 9,000 
 
 Provision for asset impairment 
 34,051 
 33,809 
 - 
 
 Provision for goodwill impairment 
 26,676 
 11,199 
 - 
 
 Impairment of notes receivable 
 74,136 
 - 
 - 

 Total expenses 
 1,119,366 
 888,082 
 377,384 

 Operating income 
 $ 
 10,782 
 $ 
 162,656 
 $ 
 101,352 

 Interest and dividend income 
 55,189 
 81,274 
 84,288 
 
 Other income (loss) 
 617 
 211 
 (2,145) 
 
 Interest expense 
 (254,308) 
 (231,822) 
 (108,060) 
 
 Loss on consolidated investment 
 (148,887) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 7,760 
 - 
 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated 
 entities 
 (78,487) 
 (46,108) 
 4,477 
 
 Impairment of investment in unconsolidated 
 entities 
 (7,443) 
 (61,993) 
 (10,084) 
 
 Realized gain (loss) and impairment on 
 securities, net 
 34,155 
 (262,105) 
 (2,466) 

 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 $ 
 (388,382) 
 $ 
 (350,127) 
 $ 
 67,362 

 Income tax expense (Note 13) 
 (627) 
 (6,124) 
 (2,093) 

 Net income (loss) 
 (389,009) 
 (356,251) 
 65,269 

 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling 
 interests 
 (8,951) 
 (8,927) 
 (9,347) 

 Net income (loss) applicable to Company 
 $ 
 (397,960) 
 $ 
 (365,178) 
 $ 
 55,922 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -67- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 
 December 31, 2009 
 December 31, 2008 
 December 31, 2007 

 Other comprehensive income (loss): 
 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities 
 65,068 
 (195,194) 
 (87,214) 
 
 Reversal of unrealized (gain) loss to realized gain 
 (loss) on investment securities 
 (34,155) 
 262,105 
 2,466 
 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives 
 5,220 
 (9,054) 
 - 

 Comprehensive loss 
 $ 
 (361,827) 
 $ 
 (307,321) 
 $ 
 (28,826) 
 
 Net income (loss) available to common 
 stockholders per common share, basic and diluted 
 (Note 15) 
 $ 
 (0.49) 
 $ 
 (0.54) 
 $ 
 0.14 
 
 Weighted average number of common shares 
 outstanding, basic and diluted 
 811,400,035 
 675,320,438 
 396,752,280 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -68- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 Number of Shares 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Distributions in excess of Net Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Total 
 Noncontrolling Redeemable Interests 
 
 Balance at 
 January 1, 2007 
 168,620,150 
 $ 
 169 
 $ 
 1,504,503 
 $ 
 (41,201) 
 $ 
 20,470 
 $ 
 24,167 
 $ 
 1,508,108 
 $ 
 264,132 

 Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 55,922 
 - 
 102 
 56,024 
 9,245 
 
 Unrealized loss on 
 investment securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (87,214) 
 - 
 (87,214) 
 - 
 
 Reversal of unrealized 
 loss to realized loss on 
 investment securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,466 
 - 
 2,466 
 - 
 
 Distributions declared 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (242,606) 
 - 
 (1,806) 
 (244,412) 
 (9,245) 
 
 Acquisition of 
 noncontrolling interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,320 
 1,320 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from offering 
 366,968,611 
 364 
 3,659,182 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3,659,546 
 - 
 
 Offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 (379,110) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (379,110) 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from distribution 
 reinvestment program 
 13,869,258 
 16 
 131,748 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 131,764 
 - 
 
 Shares repurchased 
 (1,289,030) 
 (1) 
 (11,924) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (11,925) 
 - 
 
 Issuance of stock options 
 and discounts on shares 
 issued to affiliates 
 - 
 - 
 1,311 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,311 
 - 

 Balance at 
 December 31, 2007 
 548,168,989 
 $ 
 548 
 $ 
 4,905,710 
 $ 
 (227,885) 
 $ 
 (64,278) 
 $ 
 23,783 
 $ 
 4,637,878 
 $ 
 264,132 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -69- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 Number of Shares 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Distributions in excess of Net Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Total 
 Noncontrolling Redeemable Interests 
 
 Balance at 
 January 1, 2008 
 548,168,989 
 $ 
 548 
 $ 
 4,905,710 
 $ 
 (227,885) 
 $ 
 (64,278) 
 $ 
 23,783 
 $ 
 4,637,878 
 $ 
 264,132 

 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (365,178) 
 - 
 (318) 
 (365,496) 
 9,245 
 
 Unrealized loss on 
 investment securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (195,194) 
 - 
 (195,194) 
 - 
 
 Reversal of unrealized 
 loss to realized loss on investment securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 262,105 
 - 
 262,105 
 - 
 
 Unrealized loss on 
 derivatives 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (9,054) 
 - 
 (9,054) 
 - 
 
 Distributions declared 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (418,694) 
 - 
 (2,872) 
 (421,566) 
 (9,245) 
 
 Proceeds from offering 
 231,961,443 
 232 
 2,327,910 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,328,142 
 - 
 
 Offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 (242,897) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (242,897) 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from distribution 
 reinvestment program 
 25,485,006 
 26 
 242,087 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 242,113 
 - 
 
 Shares repurchased 
 (11,041,431) 
 (11) 
 (102,993) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (103,004) 
 - 
 
 Issuance of stock options 
 and discounts on shares 
 issued to affiliates 
 - 
 - 
 128 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 128 
 - 

 Balance at December 31, 
 2008 
 794,574,007 
 $ 
 795 
 $ 
 7,129,945 
 $ 
 (1,011,757) 
 $ 
 (6,421) 
 $ 
 20,593 
 $ 
 6,133,155 
 $ 
 264,132 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -70- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 Number of Shares 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Distributions in excess of Net Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Total 
 Noncontrolling Redeemable Interests 
 
 Balance at 
 January 1, 2009 
 794,574,007 
 $ 
 795 
 $ 
 7,129,945 
 $ 
 (1,011,757) 
 $ 
 (6,421) 
 $ 
 20,593 
 $ 
 6,133,155 
 $ 
 264,132 

 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (397,960) 
 - 
 (294) 
 (398,254) 
 9,245 
 
 Unrealized gain on 
 investment securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 65,068 
 - 
 65,068 
 - 
 
 Reversal of unrealized 
 gain to realized gain on 
 investment securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (34,155) 
 - 
 (34,155) 
 - 
 
 Unrealized gain on 
 derivatives 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,220 
 - 
 5,220 
 - 
 
 Distributions declared 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (405,337) 
 - 
 (2,732) 
 (408,069) 
 (9,245) 
 
 Contributions from 
 noncontrolling interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,302 
 1,302 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from offering 
 24,869,350 
 25 
 253,961 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 253,986 
 - 
 
 Offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 (28,415) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (28,415) 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from distribution 
 reinvestment program 
 24,347,096 
 24 
 231,282 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 231,306 
 - 
 
 Shares repurchased 
 (20,171,263) 
 (20) 
 (188,956) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (188,976) 
 - 
 
 Issuance of stock options 
 and discounts on shares 
 issued to affiliates 
 - 
 - 
 14 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 14 
 - 

 Balance at December 31, 
 2009 
 823,619,190 
 $ 
 824 
 $ 
 7,397,831 
 $ 
 (1,815,054) 
 $ 
 29,712 
 $ 
 18,869 
 $ 
 5,632,182 
 $ 
 264,132 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -71- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 
 December 31, 2009 
 December 31, 2008 
 December 31, 2007 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 $ 
 (389,009) 
 $ 
 (356,251) 
 $ 
 65,269 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net 
 cash provided by operating activities: 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 395,501 
 320,792 
 174,163 
 
 Amortization of above and below market leases, 
 net 
 (1,688) 
 (2,408) 
 (156) 
 
 Amortization of debt premiums, discounts, and 
 financing costs 
 10,032 
 11,419 
 6,661 
 
 Amortization of note receivable discount 
 (8,107) 
 (3,208) 
 - 
 
 Straight-line rental income 
 (16,329) 
 (17,457) 
 (12,764) 
 
 Extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 (7,760) 
 - 
 
 Loss on consolidated investment 
 148,887 
 - 
 - 
 
 Provision for asset impairment 
 34,051 
 33,809 
 - 
 
 Provision for goodwill impairment 
 26,676 
 11,199 
 - 
 
 Impairment of notes receivable 
 74,136 
 - 
 - 
 
 Equity in loss (earnings) of unconsolidated 
 entities 
 78,487 
 46,108 
 (4,477) 
 
 Distributions from unconsolidated entities 
 9,040 
 2,522 
 7,529 
 
 Impairment of investment in unconsolidated 
 entities 
 7,443 
 61,993 
 10,084 
 
 Realized (gain) loss on investments in securities 
 (38,193) 
 15,941 
 (19,280) 
 
 Impairment of investments in securities 
 4,038 
 246,164 
 21,746 
 
 Other non-cash adjustments 
 319 
 228 
 1,466 
 
 Changes in assets and liabilities: 
 
 Accounts and rents receivable 
 6,769 
 542 
 (17,641) 
 
 Prepaid rental and recovery income 
 8,389 
 8,954 
 7,991 
 
 Other assets 
 3,521 
 2,987 
 (10,392) 
 
 Accounts payable and other liabilities 
 (8,906) 
 4,549 
 36,705 
 
 Accrued real estate taxes 
 12,560 
 3,334 
 (3,484) 
 
 Due to related parties 
 11,414 
 908 
 - 

 Net cash flows provided by operating activities 
 369,031 
 384,365 
 263,420 

 Cash flows from investing activities: 
 
 Purchase of Winston Hotels 
 - 
 - 
 (532,022) 
 
 Purchase of Apple Five 
 - 
 - 
 (617,175) 
 
 Purchase of RLJ Hotels 
 - 
 (503,065) 
 - 
 
 Consolidation of LIP-H 
 1,757 
 - 
 - 
 
 Purchase of investment properties 
 (376,387) 
 (981,183) 
 (2,423,853) 
 
 Acquired in-place and market-lease intangibles, net 
 (63,777) 
 (53,095) 
 (170,740) 
 
 Capital expenditures and tenant improvements 
 (72,076) 
 (83,618) 
 (26,415) 
 
 Investment in development projects 
 (134,453) 
 (137,187) 
 (196,628) 
 
 Sale of investment properties 
 - 
 27,659 
 - 
 
 Acquisition of joint venture interest 
 - 
 (10,823) 
 - 
 
 Purchase of investment securities 
 (53,861) 
 (228,411) 
 (266,950) 
 
 Sale of investment securities 
 131,017 
 47,464 
 75,115 
 
 Investment in unconsolidated entities 
 (27,909) 
 (411,961) 
 (448,727) 
 
 Distributions from unconsolidated entities 
 32,081 
 41,704 
 - 
 
 Payment of leasing fees and franchise fees 
 (4,137) 
 (3,693) 
 (3,262) 
 
 Payments from (funding of) notes receivable, net 
 417 
 (196,345) 
 (210,917) 
 
 Restricted escrows 
 2,983 
 (41,446) 
 2,453 
 
 Other assets 
 1,182 
 49,175 
 (54,283) 

 Net cash flows used in investing activities 
 (563,163) 
 (2,484,825) 
 (4,873,404) 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -72- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 
 December 31, 2009 
 December 31, 2008 
 December 31, 2007 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 
 
 Proceeds from offering 
 253,986 
 2,328,142 
 3,659,546 
 
 Proceeds from the dividend reinvestment program 
 231,306 
 242,113 
 131,764 
 
 Shares repurchased 
 (192,548) 
 (103,004) 
 (11,925) 
 
 Payment of offering costs 
 (29,616) 
 (246,777) 
 (379,418) 
 
 Distributions paid 
 (411,797) 
 (405,925) 
 (222,697) 
 
 Proceeds from mortgage debt and notes payable 
 370,555 
 1,021,844 
 1,566,482 
 
 Payoffs of mortgage debt 
 (435,540) 
 (138,707) 
 (20,194) 
 
 Principal payments of mortgage debt 
 (6,708) 
 (3,375) 
 (929) 
 
 Proceeds from (paydown of) margin securities 
 debt, net 
 (10,044) 
 (35,113) 
 25,529 
 
 Payment of loan fees and deposits 
 (9,353) 
 (11,032) 
 (18,618) 
 
 Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests 
 (2,732) 
 (2,872) 
 (1,805) 
 
 Distributions paid to noncontrolling redeemable 
 interests 
 (9,245) 
 (9,245) 
 (9,245) 
 
 Contributions from noncontrolling interests 
 1,302 
 - 
 - 
 
 Due from related parties, net 
 (168) 
 276 
 (1,638) 

 Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing 
 activities 
 (250,602) 
 2,636,325 
 4,716,852 

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (444,734) 
 535,865 
 106,868 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of period 
 945,225 
 409,360 
 302,492 

 Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period 
 $ 
 500,491 
 $ 
 945,225 
 $ 
 409,360 

 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

 Purchase of investment properties 
 $ 
 (1,021,008) 
 $ 
 (1,131,748) 
 (2,593,881) 
 
 Tenant and real estate tax liabilities assumed at 
 acquisition 
 13,440 
 1,972 
 15,612 
 
 Assumption of mortgage debt at acquisition 
 626,174 
 147,423 
 137,210 
 
 Non-cash discount/premium 
 5,007 
 205 
 2,128 
 
 Assumption of lender held escrows at acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 1,175 
 
 Other financings 
 - 
 965 
 13,903 

 (376,387) 
 (981,183) 
 (2,423,853) 

 Purchase of Winston Hotels 
 - 
 - 
 (843,137) 
 
 Assumption of mortgage debt at acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 209,952 
 
 Assumption of noncontrolling interest at acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 1,320 
 
 Cash assumed at acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 65,978 
 
 Net liabilities assumed at acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 33,865 

 - 
 - 
 (532,022) 

 Purchase of Apple Five 
 - 
 - 
 (699,345) 
 
 Cash assumed at acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 78,898 
 
 Net liabilities assumed at acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 3,272 

 - 
 - 
 (617,175) 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -73- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 Year ended 
 
 December 31, 2009 
 December 31, 2008 
 December 31, 2007 

 Purchase of RLJ Hotels 
 - 
 (932,200) 
 - 
 
 Assumption of mortgage debt at acquisition 
 - 
 426,654 
 - 
 
 Liabilities assumed at acquisition 
 - 
 2,481 
 - 

 - 
 (503,065) 
 - 

 Cash paid for interest, net capitalized interest of 
 $9,648, $7,032 and $2,488 for 2009, 2008 and 
 2007 
 $ 
 245,912 
 $ 
 219,419 
 $ 
 99,553 

 Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and 
 financing activities: 

 Consolidation of LIP-H assets 
 $ 
 135,686 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 - 

 Assumption of mortgage debt at consolidation of 
 LIP-H 
 $ 
 (96,763) 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 - 

 Liabilities assumed at consolidation of LIP-H 
 $ 
 (3,584) 
 - 
 - 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -74- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 (1) Organization 
 
 Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. (the Company ) was formed on October 4, 2004 (inception) to acquire and manage a diversified portfolio of commercial real estate, primarily retail properties and multi-family (both conventional and student housing), office, industrial and lodging properties, located in the United States and Canada. The Business Management Agreement (the Agreement ) provides for Inland American Business Manager & Advisor, Inc. (the Business Manager ), an affiliate of the Company's sponsor, to be the business manager to the Company. On August 31, 2005, the Company commenced an initial public offering (the Initial Offering ) of up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock ( Shares ) at $10.00 each and the issuance of 40,000,000 shares at $9.50 per share available to be distributed pursuant to the Company's distribution reinvestment plan. On August 1, 2007, the Company commenced a second public offering (the Second Offering ) of up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock at $10.00 per share and up to 40,000,000 shares at $9.50 per share available to be distributed through the Company&#146;s distribution reinvestment plan. On March 31, 2009, the Company filed a registration statement to register 50,000,000 shares to be issued under the distribution reinvestment plan. Effective April 6, 2009, the Company elected to terminate the Second Offering. 
 
 The Company is qualified and has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, for federal income tax purposes commencing with the tax year ended December 31, 2005. Since the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to federal income tax on taxable income that is distributed to stockholders. A REIT is subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that it currently distributes at least 90% of its REIT taxable income (subject to certain adjustments) to its stockholders. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, without the benefit of certain relief provisions, the Company will be subject to federal and state income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate tax rates. Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company may be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income, property, or net worth and federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed income. 
 
 The Company has elected to treat certain of its consolidated subsidiaries, and may in the future elect to treat newly formed subsidiaries, as taxable REIT subsidiaries pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code. Taxable REIT subsidiaries may participate in non-real estate related activities and/or perform non-customary services for tenants and are subject to federal and state income tax at regular corporate tax rates. The Company&#146;s hotels are leased to certain of the Company&#146;s taxable REIT subsidiaries. Lease revenue from these taxable REIT subsidiaries and its wholly-owned subsidiaries is eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, as well as all wholly owned subsidiaries and consolidated joint venture investments. Wholly owned subsidiaries generally consist of limited liability companies (LLCs) and limited partnerships (LPs). The effects of all significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated. 
 
 At December 31, 2009, the Company owned a portfolio of 952 commercial real estate properties, compared to 904 and properties at December 31, 2008. The breakdown by segment is as follows: 

 Segment 
 Property Count 
 Square Ft/Rooms/Units 
 
 Retail 
 713 
 16,643,477 square feet 
 
 Lodging 
 99 
 15,121 rooms 
 
 Office 
 40 
 10,061,182 square feet 
 
 Industrial 
 65 
 15,659,041 square feet 
 
 Multi-Family 
 27 
 9,481 units 
 
 LIP-Holdings, LLC 
 8 
 487,038 square feet 

 Consolidated entities 
 
 Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. 
 
 On October 11, 2005, the Company entered into a joint venture with Minto (Delaware), LLC, or Minto Delaware who owned all of the outstanding equity of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. (&#147;MB REIT&#148;) prior to October 11, 2005. Pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement, the Company purchased 920,000 shares of common stock of MB REIT at a price of $1,276 per share for a total investment of approximately $1,172,000 in MB REIT. MB REIT is not considered a Variable Interest Entity (&#147;VIE&#148;) as defined in Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Account Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 810, Consolidation , (previously FASB Interpretation 46R), however the Company has a controlling financial interest in MB REIT, has the direct ability to make major decisions for MB REIT through its voting interests, and holds key management positions in MB REIT. Therefore this entity is 

 -75- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 consolidated by the Company and the outside ownership interests are reflected as noncontrolling interests in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 A put/call agreement that was entered into by the Company and MB REIT as a part of the MB REIT transaction on October 11, 2005 grants Minto (Delaware), LLC, referred to herein as MD, certain rights to sell its shares of MB REIT stock back to MB REIT. The agreement is considered a free standing financial instrument and is accounted for pursuant to ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , (previously Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (&#147;SFAS&#148;) 150) and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, (previously SFAS 133). Derivatives, whether designated in hedging relationships or not, are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. If the derivative is designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings. This derivative was not designated as a hedge and the change in fair value is recorded in other income (loss) in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 Consolidated Developments 
 
 The Company has ownership interests in three consolidated development joint ventures. Village at Stonebriar, LLC is a retail shopping center development in Plano, Texas, which the Company contributed $20,000 and is entitled to receive a 12% preferred distribution. Stone Creek Crossing, L.P. is a retail shopping center development in San Marcos, Texas, which the Company contributed $26,790 and is entitled to receive an 11% preferred return. Woodbridge Crossing, L.P. is a retail shopping center development in Wylie, Texas. As of December 31, 2009, the Company has contributed approximately $19,500 to the venture and is entitled to receive an 11% preferred return. Village at Stonebriar, LLC, Stone Creek Crossing, L.P. and Woodbridge Crossing, L.P. are considered VIEs as defined in ASC 810, and the Company is considered the primary beneficiary for the joint ventures. Therefore, these entities are consolidated by the Company and the outside interests are reflected as noncontrolling interests in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Other 
 
 The Company has ownership interests of 67% in various limited liability companies which own nine shopping centers. These entities are considered VIEs as defined in ASC 810, and the Company is considered the primary beneficiary of each of these entities. Therefore, these entities are consolidated by the Company. The entities agreements contain put/call provisions which grant the right to the outside owners and the Company to require these entities to redeem the ownership interests of the outside owners during future periods. Because the outside ownership interests are subject to a put/call arrangement requiring settlement for a fixed amount, the these entities are treated as 100% owned subsidiaries by the Company with the amount due the outside owners reflected as a financing and included within other financings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Interest expense is recorded on these liabilities in an amount generally equal to the preferred return due to the outside owners as provided in the entities agreements. 
 
 (2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) and require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company commences revenue recognition on its leases based on a number of factors. In most cases, revenue recognition under a lease begins when the lessee takes possession of or controls the physical use of the leased asset. Generally, this occurs on the lease commencement date. The determination of who is the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements determines the nature of the leased asset and when revenue recognition under a lease begins. If the Company is the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements, then the leased asset is the finished space and revenue recognition begins when the lessee takes possession of the finished space, typically when the improvements are substantially complete. If the Company concludes it is not the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements (the lessee is the owner), then the leased asset is the unimproved space and any tenant improvement allowances funded under the lease are treated as lease incentives which reduces revenue recognized over the term of the lease. In these circumstances, the Company begins revenue recognition when the lessee takes possession of the unimproved space for the lessee to construct their own improvements. The Company considers a number of different factors to evaluate whether it or the lessee is the owner of the tenant improvements for accounting purposes. These factors include: 

 -76- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 &#183; 
 whether the lease stipulates how and on what a tenant improvement allowance may be spent; 
 
 &#183; 
 whether the tenant or landlord retains legal title to the improvements; 
 
 &#183; 
 the uniqueness of the improvements; 
 
 &#183; 
 the expected economic life of the tenant improvements relative to the length of the lease; and 
 
 &#183; 
 who constructs or directs the construction of the improvements. 
 
 The determination of who owns the tenant improvements, for accounting purposes, is subject to significant judgment. In making that determination, the Company considers all of the above factors. No one factor, however, necessarily establishes its determination. 
 
 Rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of each lease. The difference between rental income earned on a straight-line basis and the cash rent due under the provisions of the lease agreements is recorded as deferred rent receivable and is included as a component of accounts and rents receivable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Revenue for lodging facilities is recognized when the services are provided. Additionally, the Company collects sales, use, occupancy and similar taxes at its lodging facilities which it presents on a net basis (excluded from revenues) on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 The Company records lease termination income if there is a signed termination agreement, all of the conditions of the agreement have been met, the tenant is no longer occupying the property and amounts due are considered collectible. 
 
 The Company defers recognition of contingent rental income (i.e. percentage/excess rent) until the specified target that triggers the contingent rental income is achieved. 
 
 Consolidation 
 
 The Company evaluates its investments in limited liability companies and partnerships to determine whether such entities may be a variable interest entity (&#147;VIE&#148;). If the entity is a VIE, the determination of whether the Company is the primary beneficiary must be made. The Company will consolidate a VIE if it is deemed to be the primary beneficiary, as defined in Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Topic on Consolidation. The equity method of accounting is applied to entities in which the Company is not the primary beneficiary as defined in the Consolidation Topic of the FASB ASC, or the entity is not a VIE and the Company does not have effective control, but can exercise influence over the entity with respect to its operations and major decisions. 
 
 Reclassifications 
 
 Certain reclassifications have been made to the 2008 and 2007 consolidated financial statements to conform to the 2009 presentations. 
 
 Capitalization and Depreciation 
 
 Real estate acquisitions are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. 
 
 Depreciation expense is computed using the straight line method. Building and other improvements are depreciated based upon estimated useful lives of 30 years for building and improvements and 5-15 years for furniture, fixtures and equipment and site improvements. 
 
 Tenant improvements are amortized on a straight line basis over the life of the related lease as a component of depreciation and amortization expense. 
 
 Leasing fees are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the related lease as a component of depreciation and amortization. 

 -77- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 Loan fees are amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective interest method, over the life of the related loans as a component of interest expense. 
 
 Direct and indirect costs that are clearly related to the construction and improvements of investment properties are capitalized. Costs incurred for property taxes and insurance are capitalized during periods in which activities necessary to get the property ready for its intended use are in progress. Interest costs are also capitalized during such periods. Additionally, the Company treats investments accounted for by the equity method as assets qualifying for interest capitalization provided (1) the investee has activities in progress necessary to commence its planned principal operations and (2) the investee&#146;s activities include the use of such funds to acquire qualifying assets. 
 
 Impairment 
 
 The Company assesses the carrying values of the respective long-lived assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be fully recoverable. Recoverability of the assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows. In order to review its assets for recoverability, the Company considers current market conditions, as well as its intent with respect to holding or disposing of the asset. If the Company&#146;s analysis indicates that the carrying value of the long-lived asset is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, the Company recognizes an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the current estimated fair value of the real estate property. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques; including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values and third party appraisals, where considered necessary. 
 
 The use of projected future cash flows is based on assumptions that are consistent with the estimates of future expectations and the strategic plan the Company uses to manage its underlying business. However assumptions and estimates about future cash flows and capitalization rates are complex and subjective. Changes in economic and operating conditions and the Company&#146;s ultimate investment intent that occur subsequent to the impairment analyses could impact these assumptions and result in future impairment charges of the real estate properties. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company determined that one development was impaired and recorded an impairment of $19,090. Additionally, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $14,961 in relation to six properties. The fair values were determined based on a combination of appraisals at or near December 31, 2009 and offers received on certain properties. These impairments were a result of a change in the Company&#146;s estimated holding period. The impairments are included in provision for asset impairment on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. The Company recorded impairment of $33,809 for the year ended December 31, 2008. No impairment was recognized during 2007. 
 
 On a periodic basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators that the carrying value of the Company&#146;s investments in unconsolidated entities may be other than temporarily impaired. To the extent impairment has occurred, the loss is measured as the excess of the carrying value of the investment over the fair-value of the investment. For the year ended December 31, 2009, management determined that two of its unconsolidated entities were impaired. The Company recorded impairment of $7,443 for the year ended December 31, 2009. The Company recorded its investment in these two unconsolidated entities at zero based on an evaluation of fair value of the underlying investment which includes a review of expected cash flows to be received from the investee. Impairment of $61,993 and $10,084 was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007. 
 
 Derivative Instruments 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to the effect of interest rate changes. The Company limits these risks by following established risk management policies and procedures including the use of derivatives to hedge interest rate risk on debt instruments. 
 
 The Company has a policy of only entering into contracts with established financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and other factors. When viewed in conjunction with the underlying and offsetting exposure that the derivatives are designed to hedge, the Company has not sustained a material loss from those instruments nor does it anticipate any material adverse effect on its net income or financial position in the future from the use of derivatives. 
 
 The Company recognizes all derivatives in the balance sheet at fair value. Additionally, the fair value adjustments will affect either equity or net income depending on whether the derivative instruments qualify as a hedge for accounting purposes and, if so, the nature of the hedging activity. When the terms of an underlying transaction are modified, or when the underlying transaction is terminated or 

 -78- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 completed, all changes in the fair value of the instrument are marked-to-market with changes in value included in net income each period until the instrument matures. Any derivative instrument used for risk management that does not meet the criteria for hedge accounting is marked-to-market each period. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 Marketable Securities 
 
 The Company classifies its investment in securities in one of three categories: trading, available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. Held-to-maturity securities are those securities in which the Company has the ability and intent to hold the security until maturity. All securities not included in trading or held-to-maturity are classified as available-for-sale. Investment in securities at December 31, 2009 and 2008 consists of common stock investments and investments in commercial mortgage backed securities that are all classified as available-for-sale securities and are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific identification basis. A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other than temporary, results in a reduction in the carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged to earnings and a new cost basis for the security is established. When a security is impaired, the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment for a time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment, the severity and duration of the impairment, changes in value subsequent to period end and forecasted performance of the investee. For the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, the Company recorded $4,038, $246,164 and $21,746, respectively, in other than temporary impairments. 
 
 Notes Receivable 
 
 The Company evaluates the collectability of both interest and principal of each of its notes receivable to determine whether it is impaired. A note receivable is considered to be impaired when the Company determines that it is probable that it will not be able to collect all amounts due under the contractual terms of the note receivable. When a note receivable is considered impaired, the amount of loss is calculated by comparing the recorded investment to the value determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at the note receivable&#146;s effective interest rate or to the fair value of the underlying collateral if the note is collateral dependent. Provision of $74,136 for impairment was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2009. No provision was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2008 and 2007. 
 
 If the Company considers a note receivable to be non-performing or the collectability is uncertain based on the underlying collateral, it will place the note receivable on non-accrual status. The Company will recognize interest income on a cash basis, as received. If the fair value of the note receivable collateral decreases to less than the amortized cost basis of the note receivable, any interest received will be recorded as a reduction of the note receivable basis. If the fair value of the collateral subsequently recovers to greater than the cost basis of the note receivable, and if the note receivable is not otherwise in default, any interest payment will be recognized as interest income. 
 
 Acquisition of Real Estate 
 
 The Company allocates the purchase price of each acquired business (as defined in the accounting guidance related to business combinations) between tangible and intangible assets at full fair value at the date of the transaction. Such tangible and intangible assets include land, building and improvements, acquired above market and below market leases, in-place lease value, customer relationships (if any), and any assumed financing that is determined to be above or below market terms. Any additional amounts are allocated to goodwill as required, based on the remaining purchase price in excess of the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The allocation of the purchase price is an area that requires judgment and significant estimates. 
 
 The Company uses the information contained in the independent appraisal obtained at acquisition as the primary basis for the allocation to land and building and improvements. The Company determines whether any financing assumed is above or below market based upon comparison to similar financing terms for similar investment properties. The Company allocates a portion of the purchase price to the estimated acquired in-place lease costs based on estimated lease execution costs for similar leases as well as lost rent payments during assumed lease up period when calculating as if vacant fair values. The Company also evaluates each acquired lease based upon current market rates at the acquisition date and we consider various factors including geographical location, size and location of leased space within the investment property, tenant profile, and the credit risk of the tenant in determining whether the acquired lease is above or below market lease costs. After an acquired lease is determined to be above or below market, the Company 

 -79- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 allocates a portion of the purchase price to such above or below acquired lease costs based upon the present value of the difference between the contractual lease rate and the estimated market rate. For below market leases with fixed rate renewals, renewal periods are included in the calculation of below market in-place lease values. The determination of the discount rate used in the present value calculation is based upon the risk free rate and current interest rates. This discount rate is a significant factor in determining the market valuation which requires our judgment of subjective factors such as market knowledge, economics, demographics, location, visibility, age and physical condition of the property. 
 
 The Company expenses acquisition costs of all transactions as incurred. All costs related to finding, analyzing and negotiating a transaction are expensed as incurred as a general and administrative expense, whether or not the acquisition is completed. These expenses would include acquisition fees, if any, paid to an affiliate of the business manager. 
 
 The portion of the purchase price allocated to acquired above market lease costs and acquired below market lease costs are amortized on a straight line basis over the life of the related lease, including the respective renewal period for below market lease costs with fixed rate renewals, as an adjustment to rental income. Amortization pertaining to the above market lease costs of $3,052, $2,777 and $2,373 was applied as a reduction to rental income for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Amortization pertaining to the below market lease costs of $4,740, $5,185 and $2,674 was applied as an increase to rental income for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 
 The portion of the purchase price allocated to acquired in-place lease intangibles is amortized on a straight line basis over the life of the related lease. The Company incurred amortization expense pertaining to acquired in-place lease intangibles of $76,750, $68,444 and $50,394 for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The portion of the purchase price allocated to customer relationship value is amortized on a straight line basis over the life of the related lease. As of December 31, 2009, no amount has been allocated to customer relationship value. 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s identified intangible assets, intangible liabilities and goodwill as of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008. 

 Balance as of December 31, 2009 
 Balance as of December 31 ,2008 
 
 Intangible assets: 
 
 Acquired in-place lease 
 $ 
 541,259 
 $ 
 447,740 
 
 Acquired above market lease 
 30,422 
 15,687 
 
 Acquired below market ground lease 
 8,825 
 8,825 
 
 Advance bookings 
 5,782 
 5,782 
 
 Accumulated amortization 
 (204,913) 
 (128,962) 
 
 Net intangible assets 
 381,375 
 349,072 
 
 Goodwill, net 
 7,761 
 34,437 

 Total intangible assets, net 
 $ 
 389,136 
 $ 
 383,509 

 Intangible liabilities: 
 
 Acquired below market lease 
 $ 
 81,425 
 $ 
 44,354 
 
 Acquired above market ground lease 
 5,840 
 5,581 
 
 Other intangible liabilities 
 - 
 258 
 
 Accumulated amortization 
 (10,886) 
 (6,471) 

 Net intangible liabilities 
 $ 
 76,379 
 $ 
 43,722 

 The following table presents the amortization during the next five years related to intangible assets and liabilities at December 31, 2009. 
 
 2010 
 2011 
 2012 
 2013 
 2014 
 Thereafter 
 Total 
 
 Amortization of: 
 
 Acquired above 
 
 market lease costs 
 $ 
 (3,454) 
 (3,123) 
 (2,513) 
 (2,322) 
 (2,243) 
 (8,598) 
 (22,253) 

 -80- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 2010 
 2011 
 2012 
 2013 
 2014 
 Thereafter 
 Total 
 
 Acquired below 
 
 market lease costs 
 $ 
 5,001 
 4,838 
 4,505 
 4,228 
 3,907 
 48,435 
 70,914 

 Net rental income 
 
 increase 
 $ 
 1,547 
 1,715 
 1,992 
 1,906 
 1,664 
 39,837 
 48,661 

 Acquired in-place lease 
 
 intangibles 
 $ 
 64,485 
 51,184 
 46,506 
 39,773 
 30,011 
 116,924 
 348,883 

 Advance bookings 
 $ 
 1,817 
 50 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,867 

 Acquired below 
 
 market ground lease 
 $ 
 (228) 
 (228) 
 (228) 
 (228) 
 (228) 
 (7,232) 
 (8,372) 

 Acquired above 
 
 market ground lease 
 $ 
 191 
 191 
 187 
 140 
 140 
 4,616 
 5,465 

 Goodwill 
 
 The excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the net of the amounts assigned to assets acquired (including identified intangible assets) and liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill. Goodwill has been recognized and allocated to specific properties in our lodging segment since each individual hotel property is an operating segment and considered a reporting unit. The Company tests goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate impairment. 
 
 The Company tested goodwill for impairment by first comparing the estimated fair value of each property with goodwill to the carrying value of the property&#146;s assets, including goodwill. The fair value is based on estimated future cash flow projections that utilize discount and capitalization rates, which are generally unobservable in the market place (Level 3 inputs), but approximate the inputs the Company believes would be utilized by market participants in assessing fair value. The estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including the historical operating results, known trends, and market/economic conditions. If the carrying amount of the property&#146;s assets, including goodwill, exceeds its estimated fair value, the second step of the goodwill impairment test is performed to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. 
 
 In this second step, if the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying amount of goodwill, an impairment charge is recorded in an amount equal to that excess. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $26,676 of its goodwill as a result of the effect of the slowdown in the economy and its impact on the property, resulting in increases in the capitalization and discount rates used for these properties. Each of the three properties with goodwill recorded an impairment. As a result, goodwill on each property is stated at fair value as of December 31, 2009. The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 are in the table below. 

 2009 
 2008 
 
 Balance at beginning of year 
 
 Goodwill 
 $ 
 45,636 
 $ 
 - 
 
 Accumulated impairment losses 
 (11,199) 
 - 
 
 34,437 
 - 
 
 Goodwill acquired 
 - 
 45,636 
 
 Impairment losses 
 (26,676) 
 (11,199) 
 
 Balance at end of year 
 $ 
 7,761 
 $ 
 34,437 

 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 The Company considers all demand deposits, money market accounts and investments in certificates of deposit and repurchase agreements purchased with a maturity of three months or less, at the date of purchase, to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains 

 -81- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 its cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions. The combined account balances at one or more institutions periodically exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) insurance coverage and, as a result, there is a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. The Company believes that the risk is not significant, as the Company does not anticipate the financial institutions' non-performance. 
 
 Restricted Cash and Escrows 
 
 Restricted escrows primarily consist of cash held in escrow comprised of lenders' restricted escrows of $22,790 and $23,518, earnout escrows of $3,398 and $4,406, and lodging furniture, fixtures and equipment reserves of $41,465 and $37,941 as of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, respectively. Earnout escrows are established upon the acquisition of certain investment properties for which the funds may be released to the seller when certain space has become leased and occupied. 
 
 Restricted cash consists of funds received from investors that have not been executed to purchase shares and funds contributed by sellers held by third party escrow agents pertaining to master leases, tenant improvements and other closing items. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributed to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. 
 
 (3) Investment Properties 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 The table below reflects acquisition activity for the year ended December 31, 2009. 

 Segment 
 Property 
 Date 
 Gross Acquisition Price 
 Sq Ft/Units 
 
 Retail 
 Macquarie Portfolio 
 01/14/09- 4/29/09 
 $ 
 275,400 
 2,126,074 
 
 Alcoa Exchange II 
 01/29/09 
 7,300 
 43,750 
 
 Fultondale Promenade 
 02/02/09 
 30,700 
 249,554 
 
 Pavilion at La Quinta 
 02/18/09 
 41,200 
 166,039 
 
 Dothan Pavilion 
 02/18/09 
 42,600 
 327,555 
 
 Grafton Commons 
 12/17/09 
 37,000 
 238,816 
 
 Woodlake 
 12/31/09 
 28,400 
 159,703 
 
 Office 
 Sanofi-aventis 
 01/28/09 
 230,000 
 736,572 
 
 AmEx Service Center &#150; Greensboro 
 04/30/09 
 53,000 
 389,377 
 
 AmEx Service Center &#150; Taylorsville 
 04/30/09 
 46,000 
 395,787 
 
 Computershare 
 06/24/09 
 62,600 
 185,171 
 
 Multi-Family 
 Brazos Ranch 
 01/13/09 
 27,700 
 308 units 
 
 Woodlands Portfolio 
 07/08/09- 10/02/09 
 143,000 
 2,097 units 
 
 Malibu Lakes 
 12/30/09 
 31,000 
 356 units 

 Total 
 $ 
 1,055,900 

 During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company incurred $9,617 of acquisition and transaction costs that were recorded in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 

 -82- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 LIP-H Consolidation 
 
 On June 8, 2007, the Company, through a 100% owned subsidiary, entered into the LIP Holdings, LLC (LIP-H) operating agreement for the purpose of funding the development and ownership of real estate projects in the office, distribution, retail, healthcare and mixed-use markets. The Company&#146;s subsidiary invested $227,000 in exchange for the Class A Participating Preferred Interests of LIP-H, which entitles the Company&#146;s subsidiary to a 9.5% preferred dividend and two of the five board seats of LIP-H. The Company&#146;s investment was used to acquire eight operating properties and funding for a mezzanine loan to LIP Development. As of December 31, 2008, the Company accounted for this investment as an unconsolidated entity. 
 
 On January 6, 2009, the Company&#146;s subsidiary was granted a third seat on the board of LIP-H. The third board seat gave effective control over LIP-H to the Company&#146;s subsidiary, resulting in the consolidation of LIP-H as of January 6, 2009. The assets of LIP-H consist of eight operating office and retail projects and a mezzanine loan to LIP Development (LIP-D), an entity related to Lauth (the other venture partner of LIP-H). The mezzanine loan to LIP-D was secured primarily by partnership interests owning development projects at various stages of completion, including vacant land. 
 
 On April 27, 2009, the Company took actions through LIP-H to secure the collateral and protect LIP-H&#146;s rights under the mezzanine loan. On May 1, 2009, the borrowers under the mezzanine loan filed for bankruptcy protection. LIP-H is in the process of asserting its rights under the mezzanine loan and initiating actions to protect its collateral. 
 
 The Company&#146;s control of LIP-H was accounted as a business combination, which required the Company to record the assets and liabilities of LIP-H at fair value. The Company valued the eight operating properties using a discounted cash flow model, including discount rates and capitalization rates on the expected future cash flows of the properties. The Company estimated fair value of the debt by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument at rates currently offered for similar debt instruments. The mezzanine loan was based on the expected contractual cash flows discounted using a rate adjusted for the risks associated with the bankruptcy and litigation process and time and effort in working through a bankruptcy to access the collateral under the mezzanine loan. The bankruptcy will most likely extend the development and leasing timeline and cost for the collateral as third party lenders, contractors and potential tenants are expected to not be willing to transact with an entity during the bankruptcy process or will need significant cost concessions as additional risk consideration. These factors resulted in the valuation of the mezzanine loan at $10,200 and loss on a consolidated investment of $148,887. The Company also valued the non-controlling interest in LIP-H at zero. No consideration was given by the Company as part of this consolidation. 
 
 The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition: 

 Investments in properties 
 $ 
 124,187 
 
 Notes receivable 
 10,200 
 
 Cash 
 1,757 
 
 Other assets 
 1,299 
 
 Total assets acquired 
 $ 
 137,443 
 
 Debt 
 96,763 
 
 Other liabilities 
 3,584 
 
 Net assets acquired 
 $ 
 37,096 

 The following table summarizes the investment in LIP-H from December 31, 2008 to January 6, 2009. 

 Investments in unconsolidated entities at December 31, 2008 
 $ 
 185,983 
 
 Loss on consolidated investment 
 $ 
 (148,887) 
 
 Net assets acquired at January 6, 2009 
 $ 
 37,096 

 RLJ Acquisition 
 
 On February 8, 2008, the Company consummated the merger among its wholly-owned subsidiary, Inland American Urban Hotels, Inc., and RLJ Urban Lodging Master, LLC and related entities, referred to herein as RLJ. RLJ owned twenty-two full and select service lodging properties at the time of the merger. This portfolio includes, among others, four Residence Inn&#174; by Marriott hotels, 

 -83- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 four Courtyard by Marriott&#174; hotels, four Hilton Garden Inn&#174; hotels and two Embassy Suites&#174; hotels, containing an aggregate of 4,059 rooms. 
 
 The transaction valued RLJ at approximately $932,200 which included (i) the purchase of 100% of the outstanding membership interests of RLJ for $466,419; (ii) an acquisition fee paid to the Business Manager of $22,326; (iii) professional fees and other transactional costs of $1,944; (iv) the assumption of $426,654 of mortgages payable; (v) the assumption of $2,481 accounts payable and accrued liabilities; and (vi) interest rate swap breakage and loan fees of $12,376. The Company also funded $22,723 in working capital and lender escrows. Goodwill related to the acquisition was $38,170 and was allocated to three of the twenty-two hotels. Goodwill was tested for impairment under ASC 350 (formerly SFAS 142), and an impairment charge of $11,199 was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2008. At December 31, 2007, the Company had deposited $45,000 in an earnest money deposit that was included in other assets. The deposit was used to complete the RLJ merger. 
 
 The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition: 

 Investments in properties 
 $ 
 888,062 
 
 Goodwill 
 $ 
 38,170 
 
 Other assets 
 $ 
 5,968 
 
 Total assets acquired 
 $ 
 932,200 
 
 Debt 
 $ 
 426,654 
 
 Other liabilities 
 $ 
 2,481 
 
 Net assets acquired 
 $ 
 503,065 

 (4) Investment in Unconsolidated Entities 
 
 The entities listed below are owned by the Company and other unaffiliated parties in joint ventures. Net income, cash flow from operations and capital transactions for these properties are allocated to the Company and its joint venture partners in accordance with the respective partnership agreements. The Company's partners manage the day-to-day operations of the properties and hold key management positions. These entities are not consolidated by the Company and the equity method of accounting is used to account for these investments. Under the equity method of accounting, the net equity investment of the Company and the Company's share of net income or loss from the unconsolidated entity are reflected in the consolidated balance sheets and the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 

 Entity 
 Description 
 Ownership % 
 Investment at December 31, 2009 
 Investment at December 31, 2008 
 
 Net Lease Strategic Asset Fund L.P. 
 Diversified portfolio of net lease assets 
 85% 
 $ 
 180,304 
 $ 
 201,798 

 Cobalt Industrial REIT II 
 Industrial portfolio 
 28% 
 79,511 
 66,217 

 LIP Holdings, LLC 
 Diversified real estate fund 
 (a) 
 - 
 185,983 

 D.R. Stephens Institutional Fund, LLC 
 Industrial and R&D assets 
 90% 
 70,752 
 76,258 

 Concord Debt Holdings, LLC 
 Real estate loan fund 
 (b) 
 (9,940) 
 67,859 

 Wakefield Capital, LLC 
 Senior housing portfolio 
 (c) 
 94,872 
 97,267 

 Other Unconsolidated Entities 
 Various Real Estate Investments 
 Various 
 38,283 
 47,128 

 $ 
 453,782 
 $ 
 742,510 

 (a) 
 On June 8, 2007, the Company entered into the venture for the purpose of funding the development and ownership of real estate projects in the office, distribution, retail, healthcare and mixed-use markets. On January 6, 2009, the Company was 

 -84- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 granted a third board seat of five on the LIP Holdings, LLC board of managers. As of December 31, 2009, this joint venture is consolidated into the financial statements of the Company (See Note 3). 
 
 (b) 
 On August 2, 2008, the Company entered into a joint venture with Lex-Win Concord LLC, for the purpose of originating and acquiring real estate securities and real estate related loans. The carrying value of this investment is recorded up to the amount at which the Company approximately believes it is obligated to fund. See Note 16. 
 
 (c) 
 On July 9, 2008, the Company invested $100,000 in Wakefield Capital, LLC in exchange for a Series A Convertible Preferred Membership interest and is entitled to a 10.5% preferred dividend. Wakefield owns 117 senior living properties containing 7,298 operating units/beds, one medical office building and a research campus totaling 313,204 square feet. 
 
 Combined Financial Information 
 
 The Company's carrying value of its investment in unconsolidated entities differs from its share of the partnership or members equity reported in the combined balance sheet of the unconsolidated entities because the Company's cost of its investment exceeds the historical net book values of the unconsolidated entities. The Company's additional basis allocated to depreciable assets is recognized on a straight-line basis over 30 years. 

 December 31, 

 2009 
 
 2008 
 
 Balance Sheets: 

 Assets: 

 Real estate, net of accumulated depreciation 
 $ 
 2,208,528 
 $ 
 2,354,601 
 
 Real estate debt and securities investments 
 599,617 
 984,158 
 
 Other assets 
 313,381 
 481,621 

 Total Assets 
 $ 
 3,121,526 
 $ 
 3,820,380 

 Liabilities and Equity: 

 Mortgage debt 
 $ 
 2,014,152 
 $ 
 2,210,938 
 
 Other liabilities 
 113,637 
 129,360 
 
 Equity 
 993,737 
 1,480,082 

 Total Liabilities and Equity 
 $ 
 3,121,526 
 $ 
 3,820,380 

 Company&#146;s share of equity 
 $ 
 437,671 
 $ 
 724,197 
 
 Net excess of cost of investments over the net book value of underlying net assets (net of accumulated depreciation of $1,362 and $775, respectively) 
 16,111 
 18,313 

 Carrying value of investments in unconsolidated entities 
 $ 
 453,782 
 $ 
 742,510 

 December 31, 

 2009 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 

 Statements of Operations: 
 
 Revenues 
 $ 
 282,708 
 $ 
 248,406 
 $ 
 115,518 

 Expenses: 
 
 Interest expense and loan cost amortization 
 $ 
 104,854 
 $ 
 82,381 
 $ 
 31,137 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 111,389 
 85,279 
 31,684 
 
 Operating expenses, ground rent and general and administrative expenses 
 125,247 
 89,283 
 63,657 
 
 Impairments 
 197,949 
 67,614 
 - 

 -85- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 December 31, 

 2009 
 
 2008 
 
 2007 

 Total expenses 
 $ 
 539,439 
 $ 
 324,557 
 $ 
 126,478 

 Net income (loss) before gain on sale of real estate 
 $ 
 (256,731) 
 $ 
 (76,151) 
 $ 
 (10,960) 
 
 Gain on sale of real estate 
 13,799 
 - 
 15,866 

 Net income (loss) 
 $ 
 (242,932) 
 $ 
 (76,151) 
 $ 
 4,906 

 Company&#146;s share of: 
 
 Net income (loss), net of excess basis depreciation of $587, $381 and $394 
 $ 
 (78,487) 
 $ 
 (46,108) 
 $ 
 4,477 
 
 Depreciation and amortization (real estate related) 
 $ 
 41,300 
 $ 
 53,761 
 $ 
 6,538 

 Feldman is included in the results of 2007, but not in the 2008 or 2009 results, as the value of the Company&#146;s investment was reduced to $0 during the year ended December 31, 2008. 
 
 In the table above, the balances as of December 31, 2008 and for the year ended December 31, 2008 include amounts for LIP-H, which has been consolidated as of January 6, 2009 (See Note 3). 
 
 The unconsolidated entities had total third party debt of $2,014,152 at December 31, 2009 that matures as follows: 

 2010 
 $ 
 354,064 
 
 2011 
 139,771 
 
 2012 
 405,714 
 
 2013 
 145,449 
 
 2014 
 145,530 
 
 Thereafter 
 823,624 

 $ 
 2,014,152 

 The debt maturities of the unconsolidated entities are not recourse to the Company and the Company has no obligation to fund, except for remaining commitments (Note 16), however, it is anticipated that the ventures will be able to repay or refinance all of their debt on a timely basis. 
 
 (5) Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 On January 1, 2009, the Company adopted the new requirements of ASC 810 as it relates to noncontrolling interests (formerly SFAS No. 160 Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements &#151; an amendment of Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) No. 51 ). The new requirements of ASC 810 amend prior accounting and reporting standards for the noncontrolling interest (previously referred to as a minority interest) in a subsidiary. ASC 810 generally requires noncontrolling interests to be treated as a separate component of equity (not as a liability or other item outside of permanent equity) and consolidated net income and comprehensive income to include the noncontrolling interest&#146;s share. The calculation of earnings per share continues to be based on income amounts attributable to the parent. ASC 810 also contains a single method of accounting for transactions that change a parent&#146;s ownership interest in a subsidiary by requiring that all such transactions be accounted for as equity transactions if the parent retains its controlling financial interest in the subsidiary. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements presented include reclassifications to previously reported amounts to conform to the new presentation requirements of ASC 810. These reclassifications did not affect the amounts previously reported as net income attributable to common shareowners or earnings per share. 
 
 As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, noncontrolling interests in the Company are comprised of the ownership interests of (1) noncontrolling redeemable interests (Series A Preferred Interest) and other interests in Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. (MB REIT), and (2) noncontrolling interests in various joint ventures controlled by the Company through ownership or contractual arrangements. 

 -86- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 Balances attributable to these noncontrolling interests are reclassified either as a separate component of equity or outside of permanent equity, as appropriate, as of all dates presented. 
 
 The Series A Preferred Interest in MB REIT is subject to redemption features outside of the Company's control that results in presentation outside of permanent equity, reported at greater of carrying value or redemption value. The noncontrolling interest is reported at its redemption value as noncontrolling redeemable interests in the Company's consolidated financial statements with a balance of $264,132 as of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008. 
 
 (6) Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 The table below represents the fair value of financial instruments as of December 31, 2009 and 2008. 

 December 31, 2009 
 December 31, 2008 
 
 Carrying Value 
 Estimated Fair Value 
 Carrying Value 
 Estimated Fair Value 
 
 Mortgages payable 
 $ 
 5,056,398 
 $ 
 4,872,189 
 $ 
 4,405,558 
 $ 
 4,268,709 
 
 Margins payable 
 $ 
 28,302 
 $ 
 28,302 
 $ 
 38,346 
 $ 
 38,346 
 
 Notes receivable 
 $ 
 423,478 
 $ 
 416,520 
 $ 
 480,774 
 $ 
 478,561 

 The Company estimates the fair value of its mortgages and margins payable by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument at rates currently offered to the Company for similar debt instruments of comparable maturities by the Company's lenders. The Company estimates the fair value of its notes receivable by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument at rates currently available to the Company for similar instruments or in the case of certain impaired loans, by determining the fair value of the collateral supporting the loan. At December 31, 2009 and 2008, the carrying amounts of certain of the Company&#146;s other financial instruments were representative of their fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 
 
 (7) Transactions with Related Parties 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s related party transactions for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007. 

 For the years ended 
 Unpaid amount as of 
 
 December 31, 2009 
 December 31, 2008 
 December 31, 2007 
 December 31, 2009 
 December 31, 2008 
 
 General and administrative: 
 
 General and administrative reimbursement 
 (a) 
 $8,975 
 $7,020 
 $2,812 
 $1,876 
 $2,401 
 
 Loan servicing 
 (b) 
 480 
 343 
 169 
 - 
 - 
 
 Affiliate share purchase discounts 
 (c) 
 14 
 126 
 1,311 
 - 
 - 
 
 Investment advisor fee 
 (d) 
 1,319 
 2,162 
 2,120 
 118 
 197 
 
 Total general and administrative to related parties 
 $10,788 
 $9,651 
 $6,412 
 $1,994 
 $2,598 

 For the years ended 
 Unpaid amount as of 
 
 December 31, 2009 
 December 31, 2008 
 December 31, 2007 
 December 31, 2009 
 December 31, 2008 
 
 Property management fees 
 (e) 
 $ 
 26,413 
 $ 
 20,553 
 $ 
 15,128 
 $ 
 18 
 $ 
 - 
 
 Business manager fee 
 (f) 
 $ 
 39,000 
 $ 
 18,500 
 $ 
 9,000 
 $ 
 12,000 
 $ 
 - 
 
 Acquisition reimbursements capitalized 
 (a) 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 1,370 
 $ 
 2,536 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 - 
 
 Acquisition fees 
 (g) 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 22,326 
 $ 
 37,060 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 - 
 
 Loan placement fees 
 (h) 
 $ 
 2,483 
 $ 
 1,798 
 $ 
 2,739 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 - 
 
 Offering costs 
 (i) 
 $ 
 25,660 
 $ 
 232,090 
 $ 
 371,165 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 693 

 -87- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 (a) 
 The Business Manager and its related parties are entitled to reimbursement for general and administrative expenses of the Business Manager and its related parties relating to the Company's administration. 
 
 (b) 
 A related party of the Business Manager provides loan servicing to the Company for an annual fee. Effective May 1, 2009, the loan servicing fees were reduced to 200 dollars per month, per loan for the Company&#146;s non-lodging properties. The Company&#146;s lodging properties will continue to be billed at 225 dollars per month, per loan and MB REIT properties at 200 dollars per month, per loan. 
 
 (c) 
 The Company established a discount stock purchase policy for related parties and related parties of the Business Manager that enables the related parties to purchase shares of common stock at either $8.95 or $9.50 a share depending on when the shares are purchased. The Company sold 18,067, 142,396 and 2,078,364 shares to related parties and recognized an expense related to these discounts of $14, $126 and $1,311 for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 
 (d) 
 The Company pays a related party of the Business Manager to purchase and monitor its investment in marketable securities. 
 
 (e) 
 The property manager, an entity owned principally by individuals who are related parties of the Business Manager, is entitled to receive property management fees up to 4.5% of gross operating income (as defined), for management and leasing services. Of the $26,413 paid for the year ended December 31, 2009, $900 was capitalized for certain services provided by the leasing department and is included in deferred costs, net on the consolidated balance sheet. Of the $20,553 and $14,328 paid for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, $800 and $0 was capitalized, respectively. In addition, the property manager is entitled to receive an oversight fee of 1% of gross operating income (as defined) in operating companies purchased by the Company. 
 
 (f) 
 After the Company's stockholders have received a non-cumulative, non-compounded return of 5% per annum on their invested capital, the Company pays its Business Manager an annual business management fee of up to 1% of the average invested assets, payable quarterly in an amount equal to 0.25% of the average invested assets as of the last day of the immediately preceding quarter. For these purposes, invested capital means the original issue price paid for the shares of the common stock reduced by prior distributions from the sale or financing of properties. For these purposes, average invested assets means, for any period, the average of the aggregate book value of assets, including lease intangibles, invested, directly or indirectly, in financial instruments, debt and equity securities and equity interests in and loans secured by real estate assets, including amounts invested in REITs and other real estate operating companies, before reserves for depreciation or bad debts or other similar non-cash reserves, computed by taking the average of these values at the end of each month during the period. The Company will pay this fee for services provided or arranged by the Business Manager, such as managing day-to-day business operations, arranging for the ancillary services provided by other related parties and overseeing these services, administering bookkeeping and accounting functions, consulting with the board, overseeing real estate assets and providing other services as the board deems appropriate. This fee terminates if the Company acquires the Business Manager. Separate and distinct from any business management fee, the Company also will reimburse the Business Manager or any related party for all expenses that it, or any related party including the sponsor, pays or incurs on its behalf including the salaries and benefits of persons employed by the Business Manager or its related parties and performing services for the Company except for the salaries and benefits of persons who also serve as one of the executive officers of the Company or as an executive officer of the Business Manager. For any year in which the Company qualifies as a REIT, its Business Manager must reimburse it for the amounts, if any, by which the total operating expenses paid during the previous fiscal year exceed the greater of: 2% of the average invested assets for that fiscal year; or 25% of net income for that fiscal year, subject to certain adjustments described herein. For these purposes, items such as organization and offering expenses, property expenses, interest payments, taxes, non-cash charges, any incentive fees payable to the Business Manager and acquisition fees and expenses are excluded from the definition of total operating expenses. For the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, average invested assets were $10,358,444, $8,445,009 and $4,587,822 and operating expenses, as defined, were $72,882, $45,860 and $24,553 or .70%, .54% and .54%, respectively, of average invested assets. The Company incurred fees of $39,000, $18,500 and $9,000 for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008, 2007, respectively, of which $12,000 and $0 remained unpaid as of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, respectively. The Business Manager has agreed to waive all fees allowed but not taken, except for the $39,000, $18,500 and $9,000 for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007. 
 
 (g) 
 The Company pays the Business Manager a fee for services performed in connection with acquiring a controlling interest in a REIT or other real estate operating company. Acquisition fees, however, are not paid for acquisitions solely of a fee interest in a property. The amount of the acquisition fee is equal to 2.5% of the aggregate purchase price paid to acquire the controlling interest and, prior to 2009, is capitalized as part of the purchase price of the company. 

 -88- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 (h) 
 The Company pays a related party of the Business Manager 0.2% of the principal amount of each loan placed for the Company. Such costs are capitalized as loan fees and amortized over the respective loan term. 
 
 (i) 
 The Business Manager and its related parties are entitled to reimbursement for salaries and expenses of employees of the Business Manager and its related parties relating to the offerings. In addition, a related party of the Business Manager is entitled to receive selling commissions, and the marketing contribution and due diligence expense allowance from the Company in connection with the offerings. Such costs are offset against the stockholders' equity accounts. 
 
 As of December 31, 2009, the Company had deposited $25,311 in Inland Bank and Trust, a subsidiary of Inland Bancorp, Inc., an affiliate of The Inland Real Estate Group, Inc. 
 
 On February 24, 2009, the Company purchased 35,000 Inland Real Estate Corporation (IRC) convertible bonds for $24,959 with a face value of $35,000 from an unaffiliated third party. The Company sold these bonds in the third quarter of 2009 for a total gain of $6,000. 
 
 On April 30, 2009, the Company purchased two properties from Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc. (&#147;Inland Western&#148;), another REIT previously sponsored by Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation, for approximately $99,000. The Company assumed debt of $63,100, with a rate of 4.3% per annum in the transaction. On June 24, 2009, the Company purchased a property from Inland Western for approximately $62,600. The Company assumed debt of $44,500, with a rate of 5.34% per annum in the transaction. 
 
 (8) Notes Receivable 
 
 The Company's notes receivable balance was $423,478 and $480,774 as of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, respectively, and consisted of installment notes from unrelated parties that mature on various dates through July 2012. The notes are secured by mortgages on vacant land, shopping centers and hotel properties and certain loans guaranteed by the owners. Interest is due each month at rates ranging from 1.86% to 9.50% per annum. For the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, the Company recorded interest income from notes receivable of $26,355, $27,614 and $18,423, which is included in the interest and dividend income on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 Ten of the Company&#146;s mortgage notes receivable, with an aggregate book value (after impairment) of $243,009 are considered impaired. The Company evaluates the collectibility of the notes, including an evaluation of the fair value of the collateral, which includes the review of third party appraisals. The Company recorded $74,136 of impairment on six of these notes receivable for the year ended December 31, 2009. The remaining book value of these six notes receivable, after impairment charges, aggregates to $11,500. The Company determined the amount of impairment to recognize based on a determination of the fair value of the underlying collateral based on appraisals as of or near December 31, 2009 or an estimate of expected discounted cash flows. No impairment was recorded on the remaining impaired notes receivable of $231,509, as the fair value of the underlying collateral was in excess of the carrying value, based on appraisals at or near December 31, 2009. The impaired loans generated $14,479 of interest income for the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 
 (9) Investment in Marketable Securities 
 
 Investment in marketable securities of $217,061 and $229,149 at December 31, 2009 and 2008 consists of primarily preferred and common stock investments in other REITs and certain real estate related bonds which are classified as available-for-sale securities and recorded at fair value. 
 
 The Company also has investments in commercial mortgage backed securities that have a fair value of $9,551 as of December 31, 2009 and are included in investment in marketable securities balance of $217,061. The balance as of December 31, 2008 was $22,615. 
 
 Unrealized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of comprehensive income until realized. Of the investment securities held on December 31, 2009, the Company has accumulated other comprehensive gain of $39,753, which includes gross unrealized losses of $3,696. All such unrealized losses on investments have been in an unrealized loss position for less than twelve months and such investments have a related fair value of $58,462 as of December 31, 2009. 

 -89- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company recorded an impairment of $4,038 compared to $246,164 for the year ended December 31, 2008 for other-than-temporary declines on certain available-for-sale securities, which is included as a component of realized gain (loss) and impairment on securities, net on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 Dividend income is recognized when earned. During the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, dividend income of $17,977, $30,942 and $22,742 was recognized and is included in interest and dividend income on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 (10) Leases 
 
 Operating Leases 
 
 Minimum lease payments to be received under operating leases, excluding multi-family and lodging properties and rental income under master lease agreements and assuming no expiring leases are renewed, are as follows: 

 Minimum Lease 
 
 Payments 
 
 2010 
 $ 
 483,925 
 
 2011 
 464,948 
 
 2012 
 435,324 
 
 2013 
 401,295 
 
 2014 
 374,928 
 
 Thereafter 
 1,994,821 

 Total 
 $ 
 4,155,241 

 The remaining lease terms range from one year to 31 years. The majority of the revenue from the Company's properties consists of rents received under long-term operating leases. Some leases provide for the payment of fixed base rent paid monthly in advance, and for the reimbursement by tenants to the Company for the tenant's pro rata share of certain operating expenses including real estate taxes, special assessments, insurance, utilities, common area maintenance, management fees, and certain building repairs paid by the landlord and recoverable under the terms of the lease. Under these leases, the landlord pays all expenses and is reimbursed by the tenant for the tenant's pro rata share of recoverable expenses paid. Certain other tenants are subject to net leases which provide that the tenant is responsible for fixed based rent as well as all costs and expenses associated with occupancy. Under net leases where all expenses are paid directly by the tenant rather than the landlord, such expenses are not included in the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. Under leases where all expenses are paid by the landlord, subject to reimbursement by the tenant, the expenses are included within property operating expenses and reimbursements are included in tenant recovery income on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 Ground Leases 
 
 The Company leases land under noncancelable operating leases at certain of the properties which expire in various years from 2020 to 2084. Ground lease rent is recorded on a straight-line basis over the term of each lease. For the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, ground lease rent was $1,872, $1,729 and $926, respectively. Minimum future rental payments to be paid under the ground leases are as follows: 

 Minimum Lease 
 
 Payments 
 
 2010 
 1,071 
 
 2011 
 1,076 
 
 2012 
 1,092 
 
 2013 
 1,111 
 
 2014 
 1,138 
 
 Thereafter 
 56,064 

 Total 
 $ 
 61,552 

 -90- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 (11) Mortgages, Notes and Margins Payable 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2009, the following debt transactions occurred: 

 Property 
 Date of Financing 
 Interest per Annum 
 Amount of Loan 
 Maturity Date 
 
 United Healthcare Cypress 
 01/15/09 
 LIBOR + 280 bps 
 $ 
 22,000 
 01/13/12 
 
 Brazos Ranch 
 01/21/09 
 5.67% 
 15,200 
 02/01/14 
 
 Sanofi-aventis (1) 
 01/28/09 
 5.75% 
 190,000 
 12/06/15 
 
 Fultondale Promenade 
 02/02/09 
 5.6% 
 16,900 
 02/01/14 
 
 Pavilions at La Quinta (1) 
 02/18/09 
 LIBOR + 185 bps 
 24,000 
 04/28/12 
 
 Dothan Pavilion (1) 
 02/18/09 
 LIBOR + 170 bps 
 37,200 
 12/18/12 
 
 Macquarie (1) 
 03/25/09 
 4.44%-5.05% 
 36,700 
 05/01/10-01/08/12 
 
 The Radian Apartments 
 04/15/09 
 5.85% 
 58,500 
 05/01/14 
 
 Home Depot &#150; Valdosta 
 04/15/09 
 LIBOR + 350 bps (floor of 5%) 
 15,500 
 04/05/12 
 
 Home Depot &#150; Birmingham 
 04/15/09 
 LIBOR + 350 bps (floor of 5%) 
 17,100 
 04/15/12 
 
 Macquarie (1) 
 04/30/09 
 4.44%-7.00% 
 109,500 
 07/01/10-05/01/28 
 
 AmEx Service Center &#150; Greensboro (1) 
 04/30/09 
 4.27% 
 33,000 
 01/01/15 
 
 AmEx Service Center &#150; Taylorsville (1) 
 04/30/09 
 4.30% 
 30,100 
 04/01/15 
 
 Computershare (1) 
 06/24/09 
 5.34% 
 44,500 
 10/02/35 
 
 McKinney Outlots 
 06/25/09 
 6.50% 
 3,400 
 06/25/14 
 
 Coweta Crossing 
 06/29/09 
 6.35% 
 3,100 
 05/29/12 
 
 Woodlands 
 07/08/09 
 5.24% 
 56,400 
 08/01/14 
 
 Woodlands (Parkside) (1) 
 09/25/09 
 5.15% 
 18,000 
 09/30/15 
 
 Macquarie 
 09/29/09 
 LIBOR + 325 bps (floor of 5.5%) 
 39,100 
 09/29/12 
 
 Woodlands Portfolio (Woodridge) (1) 
 10/02/09 
 5.17% 
 13,500 
 11/11/15 
 
 United Health Care - Fredrick, MD 
 12/18/09 
 LIBOR + 450 bps (floor of 6%) 
 18,200 
 12/18/16 
 
 University House - Birmingham 
 12/21/09 
 Freddie Reference Bill Index + 412 bps 
 11,800 
 01/01/17 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn &#150; Morrisville, NC 
 12/23/09 
 LIBOR + 400 bps (floor of 6.5%) 
 8,000 
 01/01/13 
 
 Malibu Lakes 
 12/30/09 
 4.75% 
 17,900 
 12/30/14 
 
 Grafton Commons 
 12/30/09 
 6.10% 
 18,500 
 12/30/14 
 
 Woodlake Shopping Center 
 12/31/09 
 LIBOR + 350 bps (floor of 5.5%) 
 15,400 
 12/31/14 
 
 Total 
 $ 
 873,500 

 (1) 
 Debt was assumed at acquisition of property 
 
 Mortgage loans outstanding as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 were $5,056,398 and $4,405,558 and had a weighted average interest rate of 4.9% and 4.97%, respectively. Mortgage premium and discount, net was a premium of $1,199 and a discount of $5,909 as of December 31, 2009 and 2008. As of December 31, 2009, scheduled maturities for the Company's outstanding mortgage indebtedness had various due dates through December 2047. 

 -91- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 As of 
 December 31, 2009 
 Weighted average interest rate 
 
 2010 
 $ 
 551,787 
 2.82% 
 
 2011 
 $ 
 655,666 
 3.90% 
 
 2012 
 $ 
 388,649 
 4.05% 
 
 2013 
 $ 
 738,101 
 4.86% 
 
 2014 
 $ 
 264,012 
 5.49% 
 
 Thereafter 
 $ 
 2,458,183 
 5.69% 

 The Company is negotiating refinancing certain debt maturing in 2010 with the existing lenders at terms that will most likely be at higher credit spreads and lower loan to value. It is anticipated that the Company will be able to repay, refinance or extend the maturities of all of the debt on a timely basis, and the Company believes it has adequate sources of funds to meet short term cash needs related to these refinancings. Of the outstanding debt, approximately $500,000 is recourse to the Company. 
 
 Some of the mortgage loans require compliance with certain covenants, such as debt service ratios, investment restrictions and distribution limitations. Although all of the mortgage loans are current with payments, as of December 31, 2009, the Company was in default on eight loans in its LIP-H segment, with a carrying value of $77,329, which have 2010 maturities, and one loan for a consolidated joint venture with a carrying value of $27,363. 
 
 The Company has purchased a portion of its securities through margin accounts. As of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, the Company has recorded a payable of $28,302 and $38,346, respectively, for securities purchased on margin. This debt bears a variable interest rate of the LIBOR plus 50 basis points. At December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, this rate was .585% and 1.777%. Interest expense in the amount of $168, $3,776 and $5,479 was recognized in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 
 (12) Derivatives 
 
 As of December 31, 2009, in connection with eight mortgages payable that have variable interest rates, the Company has entered into interest rate swap and cap agreements, with a notional value of $401,819. The Company&#146;s interest rate swaps involve the receipt of fixed-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making variable payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. Interest rate caps involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty if interest rates rise above the strike rate on the contract in exchange for an up front premium. The interest rate swaps and cap were considered highly effective as of December 31, 2009. The fair value of the Company&#146;s swaps increased $5,220 during the year ended December 31, 2009 and is reflected in other comprehensive income (loss) on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 The following table summarizes interest rate swap contracts outstanding as of December 31, 2009: 

 Date Entered 
 Effective Date 
 End Date 
 Pay Fixed Rate 
 Receive Floating Rate Index 
 Notional Amount 
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2009 
 
 November 16, 2007 
 November 20, 2007 
 April 1, 2011 
 4.45% 
 1 month LIBOR 
 $ 
 24,425 
 $ 
 (1,116) 
 
 February 6, 2008 
 February 6, 2008 
 January 29, 2010 
 4.39% 
 1 month LIBOR 
 200,000 
 (373) 
 
 March 28, 2008 
 March 28, 2008 
 March 27, 2013 
 3.32% 
 1 month LIBOR 
 33,062 
 (1,299) 
 
 March 28, 2008 
 March 28, 2008 
 March 31, 2011 
 2.81% 
 1 month LIBOR 
 50,000 
 (1,268) 
 
 March 28, 2008 
 March 28, 2008 
 March 27, 2010 
 2.40% 
 1 month LIBOR 
 35,450 
 (178) 
 
 December 12, 2008 
 January 1, 2009 
 December 12, 2011 
 (1) 
 (1) 
 20,245 
 24 
 
 December 23, 2008 
 January 5, 2009 
 December 22, 2011 
 1.86% 
 1 month LIBOR 
 16,637 
 (185) 
 
 January 16, 2009 
 January 13, 2009 
 January 13, 2012 
 1.62% 
 1 month LIBOR 
 22,000 
 (138) 

 $ 
 401,819 
 $ 
 (4,533) 

 (1) Interest rate cap at 4.75%. 

 -92- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 
 The Company records all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether the Company has elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of its risk, even though hedge accounting does not apply or the Company elects not to apply hedge accounting. 
 
 Risk Management Objective of Using Derivatives 
 
 The Company is exposed to certain risk arising from both its business operations and economic conditions. The Company principally manages its exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Company manages economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk, primarily by managing the amount, sources, and duration of its debt funding and through the use of derivative financial instruments. Specifically, the Company enters into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the payment of future uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest rates. The Company&#146;s derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount, timing, and duration of the Company&#146;s known or expected cash payments principally related to the Company&#146;s borrowings. 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
 
 The Company&#146;s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish these objectives, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. The Company has elected to designate the interest rate swaps as cash flow hedging relationships. 
 
 The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. During the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, such derivatives were used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with existing variable-rate debt. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings. During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company recorded $262 of ineffectiveness, which is included in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. The Company recorded $242 of ineffectiveness during the year ended December 31, 2008, which is included in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company&#146;s variable-rate debt. During the next twelve months, the Company estimates that an additional $3,774 will be reclassified to interest expense. 
 
 The table below presents the fair value of the Company&#146;s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008. 

 -93- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 Liability Derivatives 
 
 As of December 31, 2009 
 
 As of December 31, 2008 
 
 Balance Sheet Location 
 Fair Value 
 
 Balance Sheet Location 
 Fair Value 
 
 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815: 

 Interest Rate Products 
 Advance rent and other liabilities 
 $4,533 
 
 Advance rent and other liabilities 
 $9,753 

 The derivative instruments were reported at their fair value of $4,533 and $9,753 in advance rent and other liabilities at December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, respectively, with a corresponding adjustment to other comprehensive income for the unrealized gains and losses. Over time, the unrealized gains and losses held in accumulated other comprehensive income will be reclassified to earnings. This reclassification will correlate with the recognition of the hedged interest payments in earnings. 
 
 The tables below present the effect of the Company&#146;s derivative financial instruments on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007: 

 Derivatives in ASC 815 Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 
 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in OCI on Derivative (Effective Portion) 
 Location of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income 
 (Effective Portion) 
 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income (Effective Portion) 
 Location of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative (Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 
 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative (Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 
 
 December 31, 
 December 31, 
 December 31, 

 2009 
 2008 
 2007 

 2009 
 2008 
 2007 

 2009 
 2008 
 2007 

 Interest Rate Products 
 $ 5,220 
 $ (9,054) 
 - 
 Interest expense 
 $ (8,766) 
 $ (3,254) 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 
 $ (262) 
 $ (242) 
 $ (1,464) 

 During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company recognized additional other comprehensive gain of $5,220 to adjust the carrying amount of the interest rate swaps to fair values at December 31, 2009. During the year ended December 31, 2008, the Company recognized additional other comprehensive loss of $9,054 to adjust the carrying amount of the interest rate swaps to fair values at December 31, 2008. The interest rate swap settlements were offset by a corresponding adjustment in interest expense related to the interest payments being hedged. 
 
 Non-designated Hedges 
 
 The Company has entered into a put/call agreement as a part of the MB REIT transaction. This agreement is considered a derivative instrument and is accounted for as such. The fair value of the put/call agreement is estimated using the Black-Scholes model. The fair value of the option was $1,950 and $3,000 and is included as a liability in advance rent and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, respectively, with $1,050 included in other income on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income at December 31, 2009. For the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, expense of $651 and $2,065 was included in other income on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 The Company does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 (13) Income Taxes 
 
 The Company is qualified and has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, for federal income tax purposes commencing with the tax year ending December 31, 2005. Since the Company 

 -94- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to federal income tax on taxable income that is distributed to stockholders. A REIT is subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that it currently distributes at least 90% of its REIT taxable income (subject to certain adjustments) to its stockholders. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, without the benefit of certain relief provisions, the Company will be subject to federal and state income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate tax rates. Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company may be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income, property or net worth and federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed income. 
 
 In 2007, the Company formed the following wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiaries in connection with the acquisition of the lodging portfolios and student housing: Barclay Holdings, Inc., Inland American Holding TRS, Inc., and Inland American Communities Third Party, Inc. In 2008, the Company formed Inland American Lodging Garden Grove Harbor TRS, LLC in connection with an addition to the lodging portfolio. Taxable income from non-REIT activities managed through these taxable REIT subsidiaries is subject to federal, state, and local income taxes. As such, the Company&#146;s taxable REIT subsidiaries are required to pay income taxes at the applicable rates. In addition, the Company is also subject to certain state and local taxes. 
 
 The components of income tax expense for the years ended December 31: 

 2009 
 2008 
 2007 

 Federal 
 
 State 
 
 Total 
 
 Federal 
 
 State 
 
 Total 
 Federal 
 State 
 Total 
 
 Current 
 $ 
 (2,043) 
 $ 
 1,728 
 $ 
 (315) 
 $ 
 3,216 
 $ 
 2,370 
 $ 
 5,586 
 $ 
 409 
 $ 
 1,127 
 $ 
 1,536 
 
 Deferred 
 
 859 
 
 83 
 
 942 
 
 601 
 
 (63) 
 
 538 
 404 
 153 
 557 

 Total income tax expense (benefit) 
 $ 
 (1,184) 
 $ 
 1,811 
 $ 
 627 
 $ 
 3,817 
 $ 
 2,307 
 $ 
 6,124 
 $ 
 813 
 $ 
 1,280 
 $ 
 2,093 

 The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2009 and 2008 were as follows: 

 2009 
 2008 
 
 Net operating loss &#150; Barclay Holding, Inc. 
 $ 
 4,168 
 $ 
 4,429 
 
 Net operating loss - Inland American Holding TRS, Inc. 
 2,736 
 - 
 
 Lease acquisition costs - Barclay Holding, Inc. 
 1,883 
 2,511 
 
 Depreciation expense &#150; Barclay Holding, Inc. 
 459 
 313 

 Total deferred tax assets 
 9,246 
 7,253 

 Less: Valuation allowance 
 (7,011) 
 (4,275) 

 Net deferred tax assets 
 $ 
 2,235 
 $ 
 2,978 

 Gain on sales of real estate, net of depreciation effect 
 $ 
 1,408 
 1,408 
 
 Straight-line rents 
 
 7 
 7 
 
 Others 
 
 (30) 
 55 

 Deferred tax liabilities 
 $ 
 1,385 
 1,470 

 Federal net operating loss carryforwards amounting to $18,509 begin to expire in 2023, if not utilized by then. 
 
 Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is more likely than not that they will be realized based on consideration of available evidence, including future reversal of existing taxable temporary difference, future projected taxable income, and tax planning strategies. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. The Company has 

 -95- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 considered various factors, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. 
 
 Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of these deductible differences, net of the existing valuation allowance of $7,011 at December 31, 2009. The amount of the deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced. 
 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 
 The Company had no unrecognized tax benefits as of or during the three year period ended December 31, 2009. The Company expects no significant increases or decreases in unrecognized tax benefits due to changes in tax positions within one year of December 31, 2009. The Company has no material interest or penalties relating to income taxes recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008, and 2007 or in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2009 and 2008. As of December 31, 2009, all of the Company&#146;s tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. and various state tax jurisdictions. 
 
 Distributions 
 
 For federal income tax purposes, distributions may consist of ordinary income, qualifying dividends, return of capital, capital gains or a combination thereof. Distributions to the extent of the Company&#146;s current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes are taxable to the recipient as ordinary income. Distributions in excess of these earnings and profits will constitute a non-taxable return of capital rather than a dividend and will reduce the recipient&#146;s basis in the shares. 
 
 A summary of the average taxable nature of the Company's common distributions paid for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2009 is as follows: 

 2009 
 2008 
 2007 
 
 Ordinary income 
 $ 
 0.14 
 $ 
 0.32 
 $ 
 0.33 
 
 Capital gains 
 - 
 - 
 0.06 
 
 Return of capital 
 0.37 
 0.30 
 0.22 

 Total distributions per share 
 $ 
 0.51 
 $ 
 0.62 
 $ 
 0.61 

 (14) Segment Reporting 
 
 The Company has six business segments: Office, Retail, Industrial, Lodging, Multi-family and LIP-H. The Company evaluates segment performance primarily based on net property operations. Net property operations of the segments do not include interest expense, depreciation and amortization, general and administrative expenses, noncontrolling interest expense or interest and other investment income from corporate investments. The non-segmented assets primarily include the Company&#146;s cash and cash equivalents, investment in marketable securities, construction in progress, investment in unconsolidated entities and notes receivable. 
 
 The Company considers LIP-H a reportable segment as of January 6, 2009 (Note 3) as the operating results of LIP-H are reviewed by the Company&#146;s chief operating decision maker for performance and strategic decisions. The Company previously accounted for its investment in LIP-H under the equity method and as such has not revised prior period segment disclosures. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2009, approximately 10% of the Company&#146;s rental revenue was generated by over 400 retail banking properties leased to SunTrust Banks, Inc Also, as of December 31, 2009, approximately 8% of the Company&#146;s rental revenue was generated by three properties leased to AT&T, Inc. As a result of the concentration of revenue generated from these properties, if SunTrust or AT&T were to cease paying rent or fulfilling its other monetary obligations, the Company could have significantly reduced rental revenues or higher expenses until the defaults were cured or the properties were leased to a new tenant or tenants. 

 -96- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 The following table summarizes net property operations income by segment for the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 
 Total 
 Office 
 Retail 
 Industrial 
 Lodging 
 Multi-Family 
 LIP-H 
 
 Property rentals 
 $ 
 529,230 
 $ 
 143,210 
 $ 
 235,267 
 $ 
 71,743 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 65,957 
 $ 
 13,053 
 
 Straight-line rents 
 16,328 
 5,693 
 5,740 
 4,093 
 - 
 411 
 391 
 
 Amortization of acquired above and below market leases, net 
 1,688 
 (447) 
 2,712 
 (387) 
 - 
 - 
 (190) 
 
 Total rental income 
 $ 
 547,246 
 $ 
 148,456 
 $ 
 243,719 
 $ 
 75,449 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 66,368 
 $ 
 13,254 

 Tenant recovery income 
 84,237 
 28,437 
 50,042 
 4,106 
 - 
 295 
 1,357 
 
 Other property income 
 18,778 
 6,070 
 6,374 
 1,083 
 - 
 5,166 
 85 
 
 Lodging income 
 479,887 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 479,887 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total income 
 $ 
 1,130,148 
 $ 
 182,963 
 $ 
 300,135 
 $ 
 80,638 
 $ 
 479,887 
 $ 
 71,829 
 $ 
 14,696 

 Operating expenses 
 $ 
 506,503 
 $ 
 45,626 
 $ 
 78,505 
 $ 
 8,170 
 $ 
 332,455 
 $ 
 36,826 
 $ 
 4,921 

 Net property operations 
 $ 
 623,645 
 $ 
 137,337 
 $ 
 221,630 
 $ 
 72,468 
 $ 
 147,432 
 $ 
 35,003 
 $ 
 9,775 

 Depreciation and amortization 
 $ 
 (395,501) 
 
 Business manager management fee 
 $ 
 (39,000) 
 
 General and administrative 
 $ 
 (43,499) 
 
 Interest and other investment income 
 $ 
 55,189 
 
 Interest expense 
 $ 
 (254,308) 
 
 Loss on consolidated investment 
 $ 
 (148,887) 
 
 Income tax expense 
 $ 
 (627) 
 
 Other income (loss) 
 $ 
 617 
 
 Realized gain (loss) and impairment on securities, net 
 $ 
 34,155 
 
 Impairment of notes receivable 
 $ 
 (74,136) 
 
 Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities 
 $ 
 (78,487) 
 
 Impairment of investment in unconsolidated entities 
 $ 
 (7,443) 
 
 Provision for asset impairment 
 $ 
 (34,051) 
 
 Provision for goodwill impairment 
 $ 
 (26,676) 

 Net loss 
 $ 
 (389,009) 

 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 $ 
 (8,951) 

 Net loss applicable to Company 
 $ 
 (397,960) 

 Balance Sheet Data: 
 
 Real estate assets, net 
 $ 
 9,223,015 
 $ 
 1,741,907 
 $ 
 3,233,696 
 $ 
 921,209 
 $ 
 2,456,454 
 $ 
 747,094 
 $ 
 122,655 
 
 Non-segmented assets 
 2,105,196 
 
 Total Assets 
 $ 
 11,328,211 

 Capital expenditures 
 48,995 
 8,167 
 4,090 
 85 
 34,929 
 795 
 929 

 -97- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 The following table summarizes net property operations income by segment for the year ended December 31, 2008. 
 
 Total 
 Office 
 Retail 
 Industrial 
 Lodging 
 Multi-Family 

 Property rentals 
 $ 
 398,417 
 $ 
 104,900 
 $ 
 196,060 
 $ 
 66,887 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 30,570 
 
 Straight-line rents 
 17,457 
 5,259 
 6,986 
 5,015 
 - 
 197 
 
 Amortization of acquired above and below market leases, net 
 2,408 
 (749) 
 3,545 
 (388) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total rentals 
 $ 
 418,282 
 $ 
 109,410 
 $ 
 206,591 
 $ 
 71,514 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 30,767 

 Tenant recoveries 
 74,169 
 27,034 
 43,411 
 3,759 
 - 
 (35) 
 
 Other income 
 26,703 
 5,733 
 3,322 
 15,133 
 - 
 2,515 
 
 Lodging operating income 
 531,584 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 531,584 
 - 
 
 Total revenues 
 $ 
 1,050,738 
 $ 
 142,177 
 $ 
 253,324 
 $ 
 90,406 
 $ 
 531,584 
 $ 
 33,247 

 Total operating expenses 
 469,695 
 41,959 
 65,722 
 7,095 
 337,888 
 17,031 

 Net property operations 
 $ 
 581,043 
 $ 
 100,218 
 $ 
 187,602 
 $ 
 83,311 
 $ 
 193,696 
 $ 
 16,216 

 Depreciation and amortization 
 $ 
 (320,792) 
 
 Business manager management fee 
 $ 
 (18,500) 
 
 General and administrative 
 $ 
 (34,087) 
 
 Interest and dividend income 
 $ 
 81,274 
 
 Interest expense 
 $ 
 (231,822) 
 
 Income tax expense 
 $ 
 (6,124) 
 
 Other income 
 $ 
 211 
 
 Realized loss and impairment on securities, net 
 $ 
 (262,105) 
 
 Provision for asset impairment 
 $ 
 (33,809) 
 
 Provision for goodwill impairment 
 $ 
 (11,199) 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 $ 
 7,760 
 
 Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities 
 $ 
 (46,108) 
 
 Impairment of investment in unconsolidated entities 
 $ 
 (61,993) 

 Net loss 
 $ 
 (356,251) 

 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 $ 
 (8,927) 

 Net loss applicable to Company 
 $ 
 (365,178) 

 Balance Sheet Data: 
 
 Real estate assets, net 
 $ 
 8,204,466 
 $ 
 1,407,113 
 $ 
 2,849,229 
 $ 
 863,938 
 $ 
 2,565,472 
 $ 
 518,714 
 
 Non-segmented assets 
 2,932,400 
 
 Total assets 
 $ 
 11,136,866 

 Capital expenditures 
 94,171 
 11,741 
 2,260 
 520 
 79,647 
 3 

 -98- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 The following table summarizes net property operations income by segment for the year ended December 31, 2007. 

 Total 
 Office 
 Retail 
 Industrial 
 Lodging 
 Multi-Family 

 Property rentals 
 $ 
 267,816 
 $ 
 93,965 
 $ 
 116,557 
 $ 
 43,789 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 13,505 
 
 Straight-line rents 
 12,765 
 5,513 
 3,670 
 3,582 
 - 
 - 
 
 Amortization of acquired above and below market leases, net 
 155 
 (714) 
 1,201 
 (332) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total rentals 
 $ 
 280,736 
 $ 
 98,764 
 $ 
 121,428 
 $ 
 47,039 
 $ 
 - 
 $ 
 13,505 

 Tenant recoveries 
 59,587 
 25,027 
 32,210 
 2,350 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other income 
 12,021 
 4,782 
 1,021 
 4,797 
 - 
 1,421 
 
 Lodging operating income 
 126,392 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 126,392 
 - 
 
 Total revenues 
 $ 
 478,736 
 $ 
 128,573 
 $ 
 154,659 
 $ 
 54,186 
 $ 
 126,392 
 $ 
 14,926 

 Total operating expenses 
 174,755 
 37,336 
 44,708 
 5,017 
 80,628 
 7,066 

 Net property operations 
 $ 
 303,981 
 $ 
 91,237 
 $ 
 109,951 
 $ 
 49,169 
 $ 
 45,764 
 $ 
 7,860 

 Depreciation and amortization 
 $ 
 (174,163) 
 
 Business manager management fee 
 $ 
 (9,000) 
 
 General and administrative 
 $ 
 (19,466) 
 
 Interest and dividend income 
 $ 
 84,288 
 
 Interest expense 
 $ 
 (108,060) 
 
 Income tax expense 
 $ 
 (2,093) 
 
 Other income (loss) 
 $ 
 (4,611) 
 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities 
 $ 
 4,477 
 
 Impairment of investment in unconsolidated entities 
 (10,084) 

 Net income 
 $ 
 65,269 

 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 $ 
 (9,347) 

 Net income applicable to Company 
 $ 
 55,922 

 -99- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 (15) Earnings (loss) per Share 
 
 Basic earnings (loss) per share ( EPS ) are computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period (the common shares ). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the common shares plus potential common shares issuable upon exercising options or other contracts. There are an immaterial amount of potentially dilutive common shares. 
 
 The basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding was 811,400,035, 675,320,438 and 396,752,280 for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007. 
 
 (16) Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 The Company has closed on several properties which have earnout components, meaning the Company did not pay for portions of these properties that were not rent producing. The Company is obligated, under certain agreements, to pay for those portions when the tenant moves into its space and begins to pay rent. The earnout payments are based on a predetermined formula. Each earnout agreement has a limited obligation period to pay any additional monies. If at the end of the time period allowed certain space has not been leased and occupied, the Company will own that space without any further obligation. Based on pro forma leasing rates, the Company may pay as much as $32,404 in the future as vacant space covered by earnout agreements is occupied and becomes rent producing. 
 
 As of December 31, 2009, the Company had outstanding commitments to fund approximately $79,815 into joint ventures. The Company intends on funding these commitments with cash on hand of $500,491. 
 
 Additionally, as of December 31, 2009, the Company has commitments totaling $94,916 for various development projects. 
 
 Certain leases and operating agreements within the lodging segment require the Company to reserve funds relating to replacements and renewals of the hotels&#146; furniture, fixtures and equipment. As of December 31, 2009, the Company has funded $41,465 in reserves for future improvements. This amount is included in restricted cash and escrows on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2009. 
 
 Contemporaneous with the Company&#146;s merger with Winston Hotels, Inc., its wholly-owned subsidiary, Inland American Winston Hotels, Inc., referred to herein as &#147;Inland American Winston,&#148; WINN Limited Partnership, or &#147;WINN,&#148; and Crockett Capital Corporation, or &#147;Crockett,&#148; memorialized in a development memorandum their intentions to subsequently negotiate and enter into a series of contracts to develop certain hotel properties, including without limitation a Westin Hotel in Durham, North Carolina, a Hampton Inn & Suites/Aloft Hotel in Raleigh, North Carolina, an Aloft Hotel in Chapel Hill, North Carolina and an Aloft Hotel in Cary, North Carolina (collectively referred to herein as the &#147;development hotels&#148;). 
 
 On March 6, 2008, Crockett filed an amended complaint in the General Court of Justice of the State of North Carolina against Inland American Winston and WINN. The amended complaint alleges that the development memorandum reflecting the parties&#146; intentions regarding the development hotels was instead an agreement that legally bound the parties. The amended complaint further claims that Inland American Winston and WINN breached the terms of the alleged agreement by failing to take certain actions to develop the Cary, North Carolina hotel and by refusing to convey their rights in the three other development hotels to Crockett. The amended complaint seeks, among other things, monetary damages in an amount not less than $4,800 with respect to the Cary, North Carolina property. With respect to the remaining three development hotels, the amended complaint seeks specific performance in the form of an order directing Inland American Winston and WINN to transfer their rights in the hotels to Crockett or, alternatively, monetary damages in an amount not less than $20,100. Inland American Winston and WINN deny these claims and, on March 26, 2008, filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint. On March 13, 2009, the court denied the motion to dismiss. Inland American Winston and WINN have filed answers and affirmative defenses to the amended complaint as well as counter claims against Crockett. Contemporaneously with the close of fact discovery, Crockett sought leave to amend its complaint to add another cause of action and to seek treble damages and attorneys fees. The court has not yet ruled on this request. Expert discovery has commenced, but has not yet been completed. Based upon an expert report recently received from Crockett, it is believed that Crockett&#146;s maximum claim, without the inclusion of treble damages or attorneys fees, is approximately $16,800. The outcome of this lawsuit cannot be predicted with any certainty and management is currently unable to estimate an amount or range of potential loss that could result if an unfavorable outcome occurs. 

 -100- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 On May 22, 2009, Inland American Concord (Sub), LLC (&#147;IA Sub&#148;) filed an action against Lex-Win Concord LLC (&#147;Concord&#148;) in the Delaware Court of Chancery seeking a declaration in connection with certain of the Company&#146;s rights/obligations under the Limited Liability Company Agreement (&#147;Agreement&#148;) that governs this venture. IA Sub filed this action, in part, due to a capital call demanded by Concord, which was, in purpose or effect, directed toward satisfying a lender&#146;s concerns about the venture&#146;s ability to perform under its existing credit facilities. IA Sub claimed, as a result of the foregoing, that it was not required to fund the capital call. In response to this action, Concord has answered and filed counterclaims against IA Sub. It claimed that IA Sub was required to fund the additional capital and it also claimed damages against IA Sub for not contributing the additional capital. 
 
 On December 22, 2009, Lexington Realty Trust, Winthrop Realty Trust, the Company, and their respective subsidiaries entered into a settlement agreement to resolve and settle the IA Sub v. Concord action. The settlement agreement provides for, among other things, the termination of any party&#146;s obligation to contribute capital to Concord, the allocation of distributions equally among Inland, Lexington and Winthrop in Concord, and the formation of a new entity to be owned by subsidiaries of Inland, Lexington and Winthrop. The effectiveness of the settlement agreement is conditioned on certain conditions, including the cancellation of certain CDO bonds held by Concord Debt Funding Trust. A lawsuit has been filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery, by Concord to effect such cancellation. The bonds must be cancelled by August 14, 2010, or the settlement agreement becomes null and void. If the settlement agreement becomes null and void, the Concord lawsuit set forth above will become reinstated. 
 
 On July 21 2009, Inland American (LIP) Sub, L.L.C., (&#147;IA LIP Sub&#148;) filed an action against Robert Lauth, Michael Curless, Gregory Gurnick, Lawrence Palmer, (collectively &#147;the Defendants&#148;) and Thomas Peck (the &#147;Peck Defendant&#148;) for civil fraud, deception, racketeering, conspiracy and other violations of law (the &#147;Lawsuit&#148;) in order to recover damages with regard to certain losses of IA LIP Sub which occurred as a result with IA LIP Sub&#146;s investment LIP Holdings, L.L.C.(&#147;Holdings&#148;) On September 10, 2009, the Defendants filed answers and counterclaims against IA LIP Sub claiming breach of contract, promissory estoppel, constructive fraud, and breach of duty of good faith and fair dealing, claiming that IA LIP Sub promised to contribute additional funds to Holdings. IA LIP Sub denies all aspects of this counterclaim, and believes that it was filed, without basis in fact, in an attempt to gain leverage over IA LIP Sub in connection with the Lawsuit. On September 16, 2009, the Peck Defendant filed answers and counterclaims against IA LIP Sub claiming, inter alia, that the Lawsuit was filed against Peck for the purpose of inducing Peck to cooperate with IA LIP Sub in its prosecution of its claims against the Defendants. IA LIP Sub denies all aspects of this counterclaim. The parties are now engaged in various pre-trial motions and are undertaking discovery. The outcome of this lawsuit cannot be predicted with any certainty and management is currently unable to estimate an amount or range of potential loss that could result if an unfavorable outcome occurs. 
 
 IA LIP Sub is also a member of Holdings, an entity formed by Inland American with regard to its investment in Lauth. Lauth has defaulted in its obligation to pay dividends to IA LIP Sub, and as a result thereof, has recently received approval from the Bankruptcy Court of the Southern District of Indiana, which is administering a bankruptcy proceeding filed by various subsidiaries of Holdings that are being prosecuted by Lauth principals, that the bankruptcy stay does not apply to Holdings, and granting the right to Holdings to begin the process of liquidating Holdings in connection with the terms of the Holdings LLC agreement. Shortly after that ruling, Lauth representatives served a notice of a claim against Holdings relating to allegations and assertions in connection with a liquidation of Holdings. Holdings believes the claim has no merit. To IA LIP Sub&#146;s knowledge, no lawsuit has yet been filed. 
 
 While management does not believe that an adverse outcome in the above lawsuits would have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s financial condition, there can be no assurance that an adverse outcome would not have a material effect on the Company&#146;s results of operations for any particular period. 
 
 The Company has also filed a number of eviction actions against tenants and is involved in a number of tenant bankruptcies. The tenants in some of the eviction cases may file counterclaims against the Company in an attempt to gain leverage against the Company in connection with the eviction. In the opinion of the Company, none of these counterclaims is likely to result in any material losses to the Company. 
 
 (17) Fair Value Measurements 
 
 The Company has estimated the fair value of its financial and non-financial instruments using available market information and valuation methodologies the Company believes to be appropriate for these purposes. Considerable judgment and a high degree of subjectivity are involved in developing these estimates and, accordingly, they are not necessarily indicative of amounts that would be realized upon disposition. 
 
 The Company defines fair value based on the price that would be received upon sale of an asset or the exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company uses a fair value 

 -101- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 hierarchy that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value. The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which are described below: 
 
 &#183; 
 Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity has the ability to access. 
 
 &#183; 
 Level 2 - Observable inputs, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 
 
 &#183; 
 Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets and liabilities. This includes certain pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs. 
 
 For assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, quantitative disclosure of the fair value for each major category of assets and liabilities is presented below: 

 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2009 
 
 Using Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets 
 Using Significant Other Observable Inputs 
 Using Significant Other Unobservable Inputs 
 
 Description 
 (Level 1) 
 (Level 2) 
 (Level 3) 
 
 Available-for-sale real estate equity securities 
 $ 
 207,510 
 - 
 - 
 
 Commercial mortgage backed securities 
 $ 
 - 
 - 
 9,551 
 
 Total assets 
 $ 
 207,510 
 - 
 9,551 

 Put/call agreement in MB REIT 
 $ 
 - 
 - 
 1,950 
 
 Derivative interest rate instruments 
 $ 
 - 
 4,533 
 - 
 
 Total liabilities 
 $ 
 - 
 4,533 
 1,950 

 At December 31, 2009 and 2008, the fair value of the available for sale real estate equity securities have been estimated based upon quoted market prices for the same or similar issues when current quoted market prices are available (Level 1). To calculate the fair value of the derivative contracts, the Company primarily uses quoted prices for similar contracts (Level 2). The fair value of the commercial mortgage backed securities (&#147;CMBS&#148;) that do not have current quoted market prices available has been estimated by discounting the estimated future cash flows. The lack of activity in the CMBS market has resulted in a lack of observable market inputs to use in determining fair value. The Company incorporated its own assumptions about future cash flows and the appropriate discount rate adjusted for credit and liquidity factors. In developing these assumptions, the Company incorporated the contractual terms of the securities, the type of collateral, any credit enhancements available, and relevant market data, where available (Level 3). The Company&#146;s valuation of its put/call agreement in MB REIT is determined using present value estimates of the put liability based on probable dividend yields (Level 3). 
 
 The Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty&#146;s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, the Company has considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements. 
 
 Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads, to evaluate the likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. However, as of December 31, 2009, the Company has assessed the significance of the effect of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives. As a result, the Company has determined that its derivative valuations in their entirety are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The following table summarizes activity for the Company&#146;s assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis using level 3 inputs as of December 31, 2009: 

 -102- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 Balance, December 31, 2008 
 $ 
 22,615 
 
 Purchases 
 2,447 
 
 Sales 
 (16,934) 
 
 Realized gains 
 3,447 
 
 Unrealized losses 
 (2,024) 

 Balance, December 31, 2009 
 $ 
 9,551 

 Unrealized gains on investment are reflected in unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities in other comprehensive income on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 
 The Company recognized certain non-cash impairment charges to write the investments to their fair values in the year ended December 31, 2009. The fair values were determined based on discounted future cash flows, using management&#146;s estimates of cash flows, any collateral considerations, the eventual disposition of the investments and appropriate discount and capitalization rates. 
 
 The asset groups that were impaired to fair value through this evaluation are: 

 Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
 Total Impairment Losses 
 
 Investment properties 
 $ 
 25,218 
 $ 
 34,051 
 
 Notes receivable 
 11,500 
 74,136 
 
 Investment in unconsolidated entities 
 - 
 7,443 
 
 Consolidated investment 
 137,443 
 148,887 
 
 Goodwill 
 7,761 
 26,676 

 Total 
 $ 
 181,922 
 $ 
 291,193 

 (18) New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 In June 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued Statement No. 167 &#147;Amendments to FASB Interpretation No. 46(R).&#148; This Statement amends Interpretation 46(R) to eliminate certain scope exceptions previously permitted, provide additional guidance for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity, and require companies to more frequently reassess whether they must consolidate variable interest entities. Statement No. 167 also replaces the previously required quantitative approach to determining the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity with a requirement for an enterprise to perform a qualitative analysis to determine whether the enterprise&#146;s variable interest or interests give it a controlling financial interest in a variable interest entity. Statement No. 167 is effective as of the beginning of the first annual reporting period that begins after November 15, 2009, for interim periods within that first annual reporting period, and for interim and annual reporting periods thereafter. Earlier application is prohibited. The Company is currently evaluating the application of this Statement and does not expect the adoption to have a material impact on the financial position and results of operations. 
 
 (19) Subsequent Events 
 
 The Company paid distributions to its stockholders of $.04167 per share totaling $34,317, $34,397 and $34,476 in January, February and March 2010. 
 
 Subsequent to year end, the Company purchased 24 properties for $543,100. The Company financed these acquisitions by securing a new loan of $31,800 and assuming debt of $386,400. The remaining $124,900 was funded from cash balances. 

 -103- 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 

 (20) Quarterly Supplemental Financial Information (unaudited) 
 
 The following represents the results of operations, for each quarterly period, during 2009 and 2008. 

 2009 
 
 Dec. 31 
 Sept. 30 
 June 30 
 March 31 

 Total income 
 $ 
 280,919 
 286,915 
 288,038 
 274,276 

 Net loss 
 (157,594) 
 (27,049) 
 (37,333) 
 (167,033) 

 Net loss applicable to Company 
 (159,755) 
 (29,458) 
 (39,505) 
 (169,242) 

 Net loss, per common share, basic and diluted (1) 
 (.19) 
 (.04) 
 (.05) 
 (.21) 

 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) 
 821,020,633 
 815,129,571 
 808,952,703 
 800,227,755 

 2008 
 
 Dec. 31 
 Sept. 30 
 June 30 
 March 31 

 Total income 
 $ 
 280,285 
 263,237 
 271,694 
 235,522 

 Net income (loss) 
 (325,486) 
 (12,296) 
 (31,905) 
 13,436 

 Net income (loss) applicable to Company 
 (327,446) 
 (14,572) 
 (34,217) 
 11,057 

 Net income (loss), per common share, basic and diluted (1) 
 (.42) 
 (.02) 
 (.05) 
 .02 

 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) 
 775,350,274 
 703,516,765 
 637,875,067 
 575,543,596 

 (1) 
 Quarterly income per common share amounts may not total to the annual amounts due to rounding and the changes in the number of weighted common shares outstanding 

 -104- 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Schedule III 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 
 December 31, 2009 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Retail 
 
 14th STREET MARKET 
 7,712 
 3,500 
 9,241 
 8 
 3,500 
 9,249 
 12,749 
 889 
 2007 
 
 Plano, TX 
 
 24 HOUR FITNESS - 249 & JONES 
 - 
 2,650 
 7,079 
 - 
 2,650 
 7,079 
 9,729 
 1,103 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 24 HOUR FITNESS -THE WOODLANDS 
 - 
 1,540 
 11,287 
 - 
 1,540 
 11,287 
 12,827 
 1,679 
 2005 
 
 Woodlands, TX 
 
 6101 RICHMOND AVENUE 
 - 
 1,700 
 1,264 
 - 
 1,700 
 1,264 
 2,964 
 197 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 825 RAND 
 5,767 
 1,700 
 7,931 
 - 
 1,700 
 7,931 
 9,631 
 703 
 2005 
 
 Lake Zurich, IL 
 
 95th and CICERO 
 8,949 
 4,500 
 9,910 
 54 
 4,500 
 9,964 
 14,464 
 465 
 2008 
 
 Oak Lawn, IL 
 
 ALCOA EXCHANGE 
 12,810 
 4,900 
 15,577 
 20 
 4,900 
 15,598 
 20,498 
 897 
 2008 
 
 Bryant, AR 
 
 ALCOA EXCHANGE II 
 - 
 1,300 
 5,511 
 - 
 1,300 
 5,511 
 6,811 
 186 
 2009 
 
 Benton, AR 
 
 ANTOINE TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 1,645 
 7,343 
 58 
 1,645 
 7,401 
 9,046 
 1,075 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 ASHFORD PLAZA 
 - 
 900 
 2,440 
 204 
 900 
 2,645 
 3,545 
 412 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 ATASCOCITA SHOPPING CENTER 
 - 
 1,550 
 7,994 
 41 
 1,550 
 8,036 
 9,586 
 1,212 
 2005 
 
 Humble, TX 
 
 BAY COLONY 
 - 
 3,190 
 30,828 
 5,291 
 3,190 
 36,119 
 39,309 
 4,709 
 2005 
 
 League City, TX 
 
 BEAR CREEK VILLAGE CENTER 
 15,065 
 3,523 
 12,384 
 - 
 3,523 
 12,384 
 15,907 
 307 
 2009 
 
 Wildomar, CA 
 
 BELLERIVE PLAZA 
 6,092 
 2,400 
 7,749 
 56 
 2,400 
 7,805 
 10,205 
 756 
 2007 
 
 Nicholasville, KY 
 
 BENT TREE PLAZA 
 5,453 
 1,983 
 7,093 
 - 
 1,983 
 7,093 
 9,076 
 263 
 2009 
 
 Raleigh, NC 
 
 BI-LO - GREENVILLE 
 4,286 
 1,400 
 5,503 
 - 
 1,400 
 5,503 
 6,903 
 690 
 2006 
 
 Greenville, SC 
 
 BLACKHAWK TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 1,645 
 19,982 
 - 
 1,645 
 19,982 
 21,627 
 2,912 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 

 -105- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 BRANDON CENTRE SOUTH 
 16,133 
 5,720 
 19,500 
 102 
 5,720 
 19,602 
 25,322 
 1,884 
 2007 
 
 Brandon, FL 
 
 BROOKS CORNER 
 14,276 
 10,600 
 13,648 
 2,564 
 10,600 
 16,212 
 26,812 
 2,002 
 2006 
 
 San Antonio, TX 
 
 BUCKHEAD CROSSING 
 33,215 
 7,565 
 27,104 
 - 
 7,565 
 27,104 
 34,669 
 670 
 2009 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 BUCKHORN PLAZA 
 9,025 
 1,651 
 11,770 
 710 
 1,651 
 12,479 
 14,130 
 1,493 
 2006 
 
 Bloomsburg, PA 
 
 CAMPUS MARKETPLACE 
 785 
 6,723 
 27,462 
 - 
 6,723 
 27,462 
 34,185 
 670 
 2009 
 
 San Marcos, CA 
 
 CANFIELD PLAZA 
 7,575 
 2,250 
 10,339 
 516 
 2,250 
 10,855 
 13,105 
 1,474 
 2006 
 
 Canfield, OH 
 
 CARVER CREEK 
 - 
 650 
 560 
 739 
 650 
 1,299 
 1,949 
 182 
 2005 
 
 Dallas, TX 
 
 CENTERPLACE OF GREELEY 
 17,175 
 3,904 
 14,715 
 - 
 3,904 
 14,715 
 18,619 
 407 
 2009 
 
 Greeley, CO 
 
 CHESAPEAKE COMMONS 
 8,950 
 2,669 
 10,839 
 - 
 2,669 
 10,839 
 13,508 
 1,093 
 2007 
 
 Chesapeake, VA 
 
 CHEYENNE MEADOWS 
 4,890 
 2,023 
 6,991 
 - 
 2,023 
 6,991 
 9,014 
 195 
 2009 
 
 Colorado Springs, CO 
 
 CHILI'S - HUNTING BAYOU 
 - 
 400 
 - 
 - 
 400 
 - 
 400 
 - 
 2005 
 
 Jacinto City, TX 
 
 CINEMARK - JACINTO CITY 
 - 
 1,160 
 10,540 
 - 
 1,160 
 10,540 
 11,700 
 1,603 
 2005 
 
 Jacinto City, TX 
 
 CINEMARK - WEBSTER 
 - 
 1,830 
 12,094 
 - 
 1,830 
 12,094 
 13,924 
 1,808 
 2005 
 
 Webster, TX 
 
 CINEMARK 12 - SILVERLAKE 
 - 
 1,310 
 7,496 
 - 
 1,310 
 7,496 
 8,806 
 1,100 
 2005 
 
 Pearland, TX 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 678 
 525 
 737 
 (2) 
 525 
 735 
 1,260 
 70 
 2007 
 
 Hamden, CT 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 1,095 
 450 
 1,191 
 (4) 
 450 
 1,187 
 1,637 
 112 
 2007 
 
 Colchester, CT 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 2,018 
 480 
 2,194 
 (7) 
 480 
 2,187 
 2,667 
 207 
 2007 
 
 Deep River, CT 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 1,142 
 430 
 1,242 
 (4) 
 430 
 1,238 
 1,668 
 117 
 2007 
 
 East Lyme, CT 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 2,435 
 111 
 2,648 
 (9) 
 111 
 2,640 
 2,751 
 250 
 2007 
 
 Montville, CT 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 1,123 
 450 
 1,221 
 (4) 
 450 
 1,217 
 1,667 
 115 
 2007 
 
 Stonington, CT 

 -106- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 1,150 
 420 
 1,251 
 (4) 
 420 
 1,247 
 1,667 
 118 
 2007 
 
 Stonington, CT 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 808 
 490 
 879 
 (3) 
 490 
 876 
 1,366 
 83 
 2007 
 
 East Hampton, CT 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) DELAWARE 
 653 
 525 
 353 
 (4) 
 525 
 349 
 874 
 33 
 2007 
 
 Lewes, DE 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) DELAWARE 
 467 
 275 
 252 
 (3) 
 275 
 250 
 525 
 24 
 2007 
 
 Wilmington, DE 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) DELAWARE 
 393 
 485 
 212 
 (2) 
 485 
 210 
 695 
 20 
 2007 
 
 Wilmington, DE 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 3,260 
 1,870 
 2,414 
 (6) 
 1,870 
 2,408 
 4,278 
 228 
 2007 
 
 Orland Hills, IL 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 361 
 450 
 267 
 (1) 
 450 
 267 
 717 
 25 
 2007 
 
 Calumet City, IL 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 179 
 815 
 133 
 (0) 
 815 
 132 
 947 
 13 
 2007 
 
 Chicago, IL 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 512 
 575 
 379 
 (1) 
 575 
 378 
 953 
 36 
 2007 
 
 Villa Park, IL 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 786 
 725 
 582 
 (1) 
 725 
 580 
 1,305 
 55 
 2007 
 
 Westchester, IL 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 1,443 
 375 
 1,069 
 (2) 
 375 
 1,066 
 1,441 
 101 
 2007 
 
 Olympia Fields, IL 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 1,221 
 290 
 904 
 (2) 
 290 
 902 
 1,192 
 85 
 2007 
 
 Chicago Heights, IL 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MELLON BANK BLD 
 2,205 
 725 
 2,255 
 143 
 725 
 2,399 
 3,124 
 216 
 2007 
 
 Georgetown, DE 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MICHIGAN 
 640 
 500 
 174 
 - 
 500 
 174 
 674 
 16 
 2007 
 
 Farmington, MI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MICHIGAN 
 803 
 1,100 
 219 
 - 
 1,100 
 219 
 1,319 
 21 
 2007 
 
 Troy, MI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 2,407 
 1,050 
 2,121 
 - 
 1,050 
 2,121 
 3,171 
 201 
 2007 
 
 Keene, NH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 1,270 
 554 
 1,119 
 - 
 554 
 1,119 
 1,673 
 106 
 2007 
 
 Manchester, NH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 1,420 
 618 
 1,251 
 - 
 618 
 1,251 
 1,869 
 118 
 2007 
 
 Manchester, NH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 1,472 
 641 
 1,297 
 - 
 641 
 1,297 
 1,938 
 123 
 2007 
 
 Salem, NH 

 -107- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 17,744 
 9,620 
 15,633 
 - 
 9,620 
 15,633 
 25,253 
 1,479 
 2007 
 
 Manchester, NH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 319 
 172 
 281 
 - 
 172 
 281 
 453 
 27 
 2007 
 
 Hinsdale, NH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 284 
 111 
 250 
 - 
 111 
 250 
 361 
 24 
 2007 
 
 Ossipee, NH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 294 
 176 
 259 
 - 
 176 
 259 
 435 
 25 
 2007 
 
 Pelham, NH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW JERSEY 
 821 
 500 
 466 
 - 
 500 
 466 
 966 
 44 
 2007 
 
 Haddon Heights, NJ 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW JERSEY 
 824 
 850 
 468 
 - 
 850 
 468 
 1,318 
 44 
 2007 
 
 Marlton, NJ 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW YORK 
 1,156 
 70 
 1,342 
 - 
 70 
 1,342 
 1,412 
 127 
 2007 
 
 Plattsburgh, NY 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 
 2,333 
 400 
 1,736 
 - 
 400 
 1,736 
 2,136 
 164 
 2007 
 
 Fairlawn, OH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 
 565 
 450 
 420 
 - 
 450 
 420 
 870 
 40 
 2007 
 
 Bedford, OH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 
 641 
 625 
 477 
 - 
 625 
 477 
 1,102 
 45 
 2007 
 
 Parma, OH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 
 678 
 900 
 505 
 - 
 900 
 505 
 1,405 
 48 
 2007 
 
 Parma, OH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 
 683 
 750 
 508 
 - 
 750 
 508 
 1,258 
 48 
 2007 
 
 Parma Heights, OH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 
 1,178 
 850 
 876 
 - 
 850 
 876 
 1,726 
 83 
 2007 
 
 South Russell, OH 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 689 
 50 
 771 
 (0) 
 50 
 771 
 821 
 73 
 2007 
 
 Altoona, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,013 
 85 
 1,134 
 (0) 
 85 
 1,133 
 1,218 
 107 
 2007 
 
 Ashley, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,022 
 675 
 1,144 
 (0) 
 675 
 1,144 
 1,819 
 108 
 2007 
 
 Brodheadsville, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,282 
 75 
 1,434 
 (0) 
 75 
 1,434 
 1,509 
 136 
 2007 
 
 Butler, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,269 
 1,150 
 1,420 
 (0) 
 1,150 
 1,419 
 2,569 
 134 
 2007 
 
 Camp Hill, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,199 
 500 
 1,342 
 (0) 
 500 
 1,342 
 1,842 
 127 
 2007 
 
 Camp Hill, PA 

 -108- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,636 
 125 
 1,830 
 (0) 
 125 
 1,830 
 1,955 
 173 
 2007 
 
 Carnegie, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,390 
 40 
 1,555 
 (0) 
 40 
 1,555 
 1,595 
 147 
 2007 
 
 Charlerol, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,275 
 325 
 1,427 
 (0) 
 325 
 1,427 
 1,752 
 135 
 2007 
 
 Dallas, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 860 
 150 
 962 
 (0) 
 150 
 962 
 1,112 
 91 
 2007 
 
 Dallastown, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,303 
 260 
 1,458 
 (0) 
 260 
 1,458 
 1,718 
 138 
 2007 
 
 Dillsburg, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,479 
 485 
 1,655 
 (0) 
 485 
 1,655 
 2,140 
 157 
 2007 
 
 Drexel Hill, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 988 
 50 
 1,106 
 (0) 
 50 
 1,106 
 1,156 
 105 
 2007 
 
 Ford City, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,544 
 385 
 1,727 
 (0) 
 385 
 1,727 
 2,112 
 163 
 2007 
 
 Glenside, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 813 
 125 
 909 
 (0) 
 125 
 909 
 1,034 
 86 
 2007 
 
 Greensburg, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 975 
 300 
 1,092 
 (0) 
 300 
 1,091 
 1,391 
 103 
 2007 
 
 Highspire, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 902 
 100 
 1,009 
 (0) 
 100 
 1,009 
 1,109 
 95 
 2007 
 
 Homestead, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,516 
 300 
 1,697 
 (0) 
 300 
 1,696 
 1,996 
 161 
 2007 
 
 Kingston, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,240 
 50 
 1,388 
 (0) 
 50 
 1,388 
 1,438 
 131 
 2007 
 
 Kittanning, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,625 
 330 
 1,819 
 (0) 
 330 
 1,819 
 2,149 
 172 
 2007 
 
 Matamoras, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,034 
 100 
 1,157 
 (0) 
 100 
 1,157 
 1,257 
 109 
 2007 
 
 McKees Rocks, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 2,619 
 250 
 2,931 
 (0) 
 250 
 2,931 
 3,181 
 277 
 2007 
 
 Mechanicsburg, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 465 
 40 
 521 
 (0) 
 40 
 520 
 560 
 49 
 2007 
 
 Mercer, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,450 
 275 
 1,623 
 (0) 
 275 
 1,623 
 1,898 
 154 
 2007 
 
 Milford, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,105 
 600 
 1,237 
 (0) 
 600 
 1,237 
 1,837 
 117 
 2007 
 
 Philadelphia, PA 

 -109- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 942 
 245 
 1,054 
 (0) 
 245 
 1,054 
 1,299 
 100 
 2007 
 
 Philadelphia, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,200 
 700 
 1,342 
 (0) 
 700 
 1,342 
 2,042 
 127 
 2007 
 
 Philadelphia, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,011 
 75 
 1,131 
 (0) 
 75 
 1,131 
 1,206 
 107 
 2007 
 
 Pitcairn, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 3,278 
 75 
 3,668 
 (1) 
 75 
 3,668 
 3,743 
 347 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,849 
 100 
 2,069 
 (0) 
 100 
 2,069 
 2,169 
 196 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 2,811 
 900 
 3,146 
 (1) 
 900 
 3,145 
 4,045 
 298 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 922 
 150 
 1,032 
 (0) 
 150 
 1,032 
 1,182 
 98 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 2,969 
 75 
 3,322 
 (1) 
 75 
 3,322 
 3,397 
 314 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,414 
 75 
 1,583 
 (0) 
 75 
 1,582 
 1,657 
 150 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,364 
 50 
 1,527 
 (0) 
 50 
 1,527 
 1,577 
 145 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 2,024 
 165 
 2,265 
 (0) 
 165 
 2,265 
 2,430 
 214 
 2007 
 
 Reading, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,194 
 120 
 1,336 
 (0) 
 120 
 1,336 
 1,456 
 126 
 2007 
 
 Reading, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,116 
 650 
 1,249 
 (0) 
 650 
 1,249 
 1,899 
 118 
 2007 
 
 Souderton, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,494 
 400 
 1,672 
 (0) 
 400 
 1,671 
 2,071 
 158 
 2007 
 
 State College, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,094 
 730 
 1,225 
 (0) 
 730 
 1,224 
 1,954 
 116 
 2007 
 
 Tannersville, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,123 
 150 
 1,257 
 (0) 
 150 
 1,257 
 1,407 
 119 
 2007 
 
 Turtle Creek, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 821 
 50 
 919 
 (0) 
 50 
 919 
 969 
 87 
 2007 
 
 Tyrone, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,152 
 530 
 1,289 
 (0) 
 530 
 1,289 
 1,819 
 122 
 2007 
 
 Upper Darby, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 861 
 115 
 964 
 (0) 
 115 
 964 
 1,079 
 91 
 2007 
 
 West Chester, PA 

 -110- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 2,481 
 125 
 2,776 
 (0) 
 125 
 2,776 
 2,901 
 263 
 2007 
 
 West Hazelson, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 2,695 
 400 
 3,016 
 (0) 
 400 
 3,015 
 3,415 
 285 
 2007 
 
 York, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 597 
 150 
 668 
 (0) 
 150 
 668 
 818 
 63 
 2007 
 
 Aliquippa, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 680 
 750 
 761 
 (0) 
 750 
 761 
 1,511 
 72 
 2007 
 
 Allison Park, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 512 
 100 
 573 
 (0) 
 100 
 573 
 673 
 54 
 2007 
 
 Altoona, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 451 
 350 
 504 
 (0) 
 350 
 504 
 854 
 48 
 2007 
 
 Beaver Falls, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 506 
 350 
 567 
 (0) 
 350 
 567 
 917 
 54 
 2007 
 
 Carlisle, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 431 
 100 
 483 
 (0) 
 100 
 483 
 583 
 46 
 2007 
 
 Cranberry, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 545 
 275 
 610 
 (0) 
 275 
 610 
 885 
 58 
 2007 
 
 Erie, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 343 
 90 
 383 
 (0) 
 90 
 383 
 473 
 36 
 2007 
 
 Grove City, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 547 
 40 
 612 
 (0) 
 40 
 612 
 652 
 58 
 2007 
 
 Grove City, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 604 
 625 
 676 
 (0) 
 625 
 676 
 1,301 
 64 
 2007 
 
 Harrisburg, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 699 
 690 
 782 
 (0) 
 690 
 782 
 1,472 
 74 
 2007 
 
 Haertown, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 655 
 50 
 733 
 (0) 
 50 
 733 
 783 
 69 
 2007 
 
 Hollidaysburg, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 526 
 420 
 589 
 (0) 
 420 
 589 
 1,009 
 56 
 2007 
 
 Kutztown, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 548 
 650 
 614 
 (0) 
 650 
 614 
 1,264 
 58 
 2007 
 
 Lancaster, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 599 
 500 
 671 
 (0) 
 500 
 671 
 1,171 
 63 
 2007 
 
 Lancaster, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 481 
 200 
 538 
 (0) 
 200 
 538 
 738 
 51 
 2007 
 
 Latrobe, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 493 
 175 
 552 
 (0) 
 175 
 552 
 727 
 52 
 2007 
 
 Lititz, PA 

 -111- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 575 
 225 
 644 
 (0) 
 225 
 644 
 869 
 61 
 2007 
 
 Lower Burrell, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 484 
 210 
 542 
 (0) 
 210 
 542 
 752 
 51 
 2007 
 
 Mountain Top, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 246 
 125 
 275 
 (0) 
 125 
 275 
 400 
 26 
 2007 
 
 Munhall, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 615 
 500 
 688 
 (0) 
 500 
 688 
 1,188 
 65 
 2007 
 
 New Stanton, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 863 
 225 
 966 
 (0) 
 225 
 966 
 1,191 
 91 
 2007 
 
 Oakmont, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 479 
 50 
 536 
 (0) 
 50 
 536 
 586 
 51 
 2007 
 
 Oil City, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 609 
 225 
 682 
 (0) 
 225 
 682 
 907 
 65 
 2007 
 
 Philadelphia, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,540 
 500 
 1,723 
 (0) 
 500 
 1,723 
 2,223 
 163 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,292 
 300 
 1,446 
 (0) 
 300 
 1,446 
 1,746 
 137 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,002 
 275 
 1,121 
 (0) 
 275 
 1,121 
 1,396 
 106 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 836 
 250 
 936 
 (0) 
 250 
 936 
 1,186 
 89 
 2007 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 714 
 75 
 799 
 (0) 
 75 
 799 
 874 
 76 
 2007 
 
 Saxonburg, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 373 
 225 
 417 
 (0) 
 225 
 417 
 642 
 39 
 2007 
 
 Shippensburg, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 215 
 200 
 241 
 (0) 
 200 
 241 
 441 
 23 
 2007 
 
 Slovan, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 478 
 325 
 535 
 (0) 
 325 
 535 
 860 
 51 
 2007 
 
 State College, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 581 
 245 
 650 
 (0) 
 245 
 650 
 895 
 62 
 2007 
 
 Temple, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 578 
 300 
 647 
 (0) 
 300 
 647 
 947 
 61 
 2007 
 
 Verona, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 971 
 1,250 
 1,086 
 (0) 
 1,250 
 1,086 
 2,336 
 103 
 2007 
 
 Warrendale, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 589 
 390 
 659 
 (0) 
 390 
 659 
 1,049 
 62 
 2007 
 
 West Grove, PA 

 -112- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 578 
 600 
 647 
 (0) 
 600 
 646 
 1,246 
 61 
 2007 
 
 Wexford, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 865 
 225 
 968 
 (0) 
 225 
 968 
 1,193 
 92 
 2007 
 
 Wilkes-Barre, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 628 
 700 
 703 
 (0) 
 700 
 703 
 1,403 
 67 
 2007 
 
 York, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 1,950 
 250 
 2,182 
 (0) 
 250 
 2,181 
 2,431 
 206 
 2007 
 
 Mount Lebanon, PA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 1,006 
 438 
 1,095 
 (2) 
 438 
 1,093 
 1,531 
 104 
 2007 
 
 Coventry, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 1,476 
 643 
 1,607 
 (3) 
 643 
 1,604 
 2,247 
 152 
 2007 
 
 Cranston, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 1,236 
 538 
 1,346 
 (3) 
 538 
 1,343 
 1,881 
 127 
 2007 
 
 Johnston, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 1,818 
 821 
 1,980 
 (4) 
 821 
 1,976 
 2,797 
 187 
 2007 
 
 North Providence, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 1,072 
 600 
 1,168 
 (2) 
 600 
 1,166 
 1,766 
 110 
 2007 
 
 Providence, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 1,338 
 666 
 1,457 
 (3) 
 666 
 1,455 
 2,121 
 138 
 2007 
 
 Wakefield, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 3,506 
 1,278 
 3,817 
 (7) 
 1,278 
 3,810 
 5,088 
 361 
 2007 
 
 Providence, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 14,561 
 2,254 
 15,856 
 (30) 
 2,254 
 15,826 
 18,080 
 1,498 
 2007 
 
 Warwick, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 586 
 375 
 639 
 (1) 
 375 
 637 
 1,012 
 60 
 2007 
 
 East Greenwich, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 719 
 472 
 783 
 (1) 
 472 
 781 
 1,253 
 74 
 2007 
 
 North Providence, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 647 
 366 
 705 
 (1) 
 366 
 703 
 1,069 
 67 
 2007 
 
 Rumford, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 603 
 353 
 657 
 (1) 
 353 
 655 
 1,008 
 62 
 2007 
 
 Warren, RI 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) VERMONT 
 1,013 
 1,270 
 153 
 - 
 1,270 
 153 
 1,423 
 14 
 2007 
 
 Middlebury, VT 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 1,210 
 400 
 1,002 
 (1) 
 400 
 1,001 
 1,401 
 95 
 2007 
 
 Ludlow, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 2,175 
 1,263 
 1,802 
 (2) 
 1,263 
 1,800 
 3,063 
 170 
 2007 
 
 Malden, MA 

 -113- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 976 
 607 
 809 
 (1) 
 607 
 808 
 1,415 
 76 
 2007 
 
 Malden, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 1,518 
 952 
 1,258 
 (2) 
 952 
 1,256 
 2,208 
 119 
 2007 
 
 Medford, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 2,760 
 1,431 
 2,287 
 (3) 
 1,431 
 2,284 
 3,715 
 216 
 2007 
 
 Milton, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 1,719 
 998 
 1,424 
 (2) 
 998 
 1,422 
 2,420 
 135 
 2007 
 
 Randolph, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 1,421 
 743 
 1,177 
 (1) 
 743 
 1,176 
 1,919 
 111 
 2007 
 
 South Dennis, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 1,034 
 310 
 856 
 (1) 
 310 
 855 
 1,165 
 81 
 2007 
 
 Springfield, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 1,309 
 1,050 
 1,085 
 (1) 
 1,050 
 1,083 
 2,133 
 102 
 2007 
 
 Woburn, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 512 
 300 
 424 
 (1) 
 300 
 424 
 724 
 40 
 2007 
 
 Dorchester, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 668 
 440 
 553 
 (1) 
 440 
 553 
 993 
 52 
 2007 
 
 Needham, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 640 
 450 
 530 
 (1) 
 450 
 530 
 980 
 50 
 2007 
 
 New Bedford, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 725 
 595 
 601 
 (1) 
 595 
 600 
 1,195 
 57 
 2007 
 
 Somerville, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 293 
 300 
 243 
 (0) 
 300 
 242 
 542 
 23 
 2007 
 
 Springfield, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 859 
 621 
 712 
 (1) 
 621 
 711 
 1,332 
 67 
 2007 
 
 Tewksbury, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 636 
 552 
 527 
 (1) 
 552 
 526 
 1,078 
 50 
 2007 
 
 Watertown, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 482 
 350 
 399 
 (0) 
 350 
 399 
 749 
 38 
 2007 
 
 Wilbraham, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 994 
 541 
 824 
 (1) 
 541 
 823 
 1,364 
 78 
 2007 
 
 Winthrop, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 995 
 379 
 824 
 (1) 
 379 
 823 
 1,202 
 78 
 2007 
 
 Dedham, MA 
 
 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 1,246 
 542 
 1,032 
 (1) 
 542 
 1,031 
 1,573 
 97 
 2007 
 
 Hanover, MA 
 
 COWETA CROSSING 
 3,143 
 1,143 
 4,590 
 - 
 1,143 
 4,590 
 5,733 
 126 
 2009 
 
 Newnan, GA 

 -114- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 CROSS TIMBERS COURT 
 8,193 
 3,300 
 9,939 
 35 
 3,300 
 9,974 
 13,274 
 962 
 2007 
 
 Flower Mound, TX 
 
 CROSSROADS AT CHESAPEAKE SQUARE 
 11,210 
 3,970 
 13,732 
 120 
 3,970 
 13,852 
 17,822 
 1,392 
 2007 
 
 Chesapeake, VA 
 
 CUSTER CREEK VILLAGE 
 10,149 
 4,750 
 12,245 
 15 
 4,750 
 12,259 
 17,009 
 1,177 
 2007 
 
 Richardson, TX 
 
 CYFAIR TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 1,800 
 13,093 
 7 
 1,800 
 13,100 
 14,900 
 1,562 
 2006 
 
 Cypress, TX 
 
 CYPRESS TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 1,850 
 11,630 
 - 
 1,850 
 11,630 
 13,480 
 1,699 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 DONELSON PLAZA 
 2,315 
 1,000 
 3,147 
 - 
 1,000 
 3,147 
 4,147 
 317 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 DOTHAN PAVILION 
 37,165 
 8,200 
 38,759 
 - 
 8,200 
 38,759 
 46,959 
 1,124 
 2009 
 
 Dothan, AL 
 
 EAST GATE 
 6,800 
 2,000 
 10,305 
 - 
 2,000 
 10,305 
 12,305 
 1,033 
 2007 
 
 Aiken, SC 
 
 ELDRIDGE LAKES TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 1,400 
 14,048 
 28 
 1,400 
 14,076 
 15,476 
 1,683 
 2006 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 ELDRIDGE TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 3,200 
 16,663 
 143 
 3,200 
 16,806 
 20,006 
 2,546 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 FABYAN RANDALL PLAZA 
 13,405 
 2,400 
 22,198 
 (113) 
 2,400 
 22,085 
 24,485 
 2,704 
 2006 
 
 Batavia, IL 
 
 FAIRVIEW MARKET 
 2,692 
 1,140 
 5,241 
 - 
 1,140 
 5,241 
 6,381 
 128 
 2009 
 
 Simpsonville, SC 
 
 FLOWER MOUND CROSSING 
 8,342 
 4,500 
 9,049 
 - 
 4,500 
 9,049 
 13,549 
 910 
 2007 
 
 Flower Mound, TX 
 
 FOREST PLAZA 
 2,142 
 3,400 
 14,550 
 161 
 3,400 
 14,711 
 18,111 
 1,210 
 2007 
 
 Fond du Lac, WI 
 
 FRIENDSWOOD SHOPPING CENTER 
 - 
 1,550 
 10,887 
 1,276 
 1,550 
 12,163 
 13,713 
 1,786 
 2005 
 
 Friendswood, TX 
 
 FURY'S FERRY 
 6,381 
 1,600 
 9,783 
 49 
 1,600 
 9,832 
 11,432 
 990 
 2007 
 
 Augusta, GA 
 
 GARDEN VILLAGE 
 - 
 3,188 
 16,522 
 - 
 3,188 
 16,522 
 19,710 
 445 
 2009 
 
 San Pedro, CA 
 
 GLENDALE HEIGHTS I, II, III 
 4,705 
 2,220 
 6,399 
 94 
 2,220 
 6,493 
 8,713 
 772 
 2006 
 
 Glendale Heights, IL 
 
 GRAFTON COMMONS SHOPPING CENTER 
 18,516 
 7,200 
 26,984 
 - 
 7,200 
 26,984 
 34,184 
 - 
 2009 
 
 Grafton, WI 

 -115- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 GRAVOIS DILLON PLAZA 
 12,630 
 7,300 
 - 
 15,714 
 7,300 
 15,714 
 23,014 
 1,471 
 2007 
 
 High Ridge, MO 
 
 HERITAGE HEIGHTS 
 10,719 
 4,600 
 13,502 
 - 
 4,600 
 13,502 
 18,102 
 1,297 
 2007 
 
 Grapevine, TX 
 
 HERITAGE PLAZA - CHICAGO 
 15,243 
 6,368 
 8,831 
 (28) 
 6,368 
 8,803 
 15,171 
 220 
 2009 
 
 Carol Stream, IL 
 
 HIGHLAND PLAZA 
 - 
 2,450 
 15,642 
 - 
 2,450 
 15,642 
 18,092 
 2,235 
 2005 
 
 Katy, TX 
 
 HUNTER'S GLEN CROSSING 
 9,790 
 4,800 
 11,719 
 10 
 4,800 
 11,729 
 16,529 
 1,125 
 2007 
 
 Plano, TX 
 
 HUNTING BAYOU 
 - 
 2,400 
 16,265 
 753 
 2,400 
 17,018 
 19,418 
 2,383 
 2006 
 
 Jacinto City, TX 
 
 JAMES CENTER 
 12,368 
 4,497 
 16,219 
 - 
 4,497 
 16,219 
 20,716 
 601 
 2009 
 
 Tacoma, WA 
 
 JOSEY OAKS CROSSING 
 9,346 
 2,620 
 13,989 
 5 
 2,620 
 13,993 
 16,613 
 1,343 
 2007 
 
 Carrollton, TX 
 
 LAKEPORT COMMONS 
 - 
 7,800 
 39,984 
 1,929 
 7,800 
 41,912 
 49,712 
 3,208 
 2007 
 
 Sioux City, IA 
 
 LAKEWOOD SHOPPING CENTER 
 11,715 
 4,115 
 20,646 
 (1) 
 4,115 
 20,646 
 24,761 
 2,971 
 2006 
 
 Margate, FL 
 
 LAKEWOOD SHOPPING CTR PHASE II 
 - 
 6,340 
 6,996 
 (39) 
 6,340 
 6,957 
 13,297 
 658 
 2007 
 
 Margate, FL 
 
 LEGACY CROSSING 
 10,890 
 4,280 
 13,896 
 33 
 4,280 
 13,929 
 18,209 
 1,357 
 2007 
 
 Marion, OH 
 
 LEXINGTON ROAD 
 5,454 
 1,980 
 7,105 
 - 
 1,980 
 7,105 
 9,085 
 825 
 2006 
 
 Athens, GA 
 
 LINCOLN MALL 
 33,835 
 11,000 
 50,395 
 418 
 11,000 
 50,812 
 61,812 
 6,342 
 2006 
 
 Lincoln, RI 
 
 LINCOLN VILLAGE 
 22,035 
 13,600 
 25,053 
 251 
 13,600 
 25,304 
 38,904 
 2,919 
 2006 
 
 Chicago, IL 
 
 LORD SALISBURY CENTER 
 12,600 
 11,000 
 9,567 
 - 
 11,000 
 9,567 
 20,567 
 875 
 2007 
 
 Salisbury, MD 
 
 MARKET AT MORSE / HAMILTON 
 7,893 
 4,490 
 8,734 
 9 
 4,490 
 8,742 
 13,232 
 947 
 2007 
 
 Columbus, OH 
 
 MARKET AT WESTLAKE 
 4,803 
 1,200 
 6,274 
 79 
 1,200 
 6,353 
 7,553 
 610 
 2007 
 
 Westlake Hills, TX 
 
 MCKINNEY TC OUTLOTS 
 3,400 
 6,260 
 12 
 - 
 6,260 
 12 
 6,272 
 1 
 2007 
 
 McKinney, TX 

 -116- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 MERCHANTS CROSSING 
 11,816 
 3,404 
 11,281 
 - 
 3,404 
 11,281 
 14,685 
 287 
 2009 
 
 Englewood, FL 
 
 MIDDLEBURG CROSSING 
 6,432 
 2,760 
 7,145 
 46 
 2,760 
 7,192 
 9,952 
 626 
 2007 
 
 Middleburg, FL 
 
 MONADNOCK MARKETPLACE 
 26,785 
 7,000 
 39,008 
 159 
 7,000 
 39,166 
 46,166 
 5,461 
 2006 
 
 Keene, NH 
 
 NEW FOREST CROSSING II 
 3,438 
 1,490 
 3,922 
 421 
 1,490 
 4,342 
 5,832 
 461 
 2006 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 NEWTOWN ROAD 
 968 
 574 
 877 
 (877) 
 574 
 - 
 574 
 - 
 2006 
 
 Virginia Beach, VA 
 
 NORTHWEST MARKETPLACE 
 19,965 
 2,910 
 30,340 
 31 
 2,910 
 30,371 
 33,281 
 2,747 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 NTB ELDRIDGE 
 - 
 960 
 - 
 - 
 960 
 - 
 960 
 - 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 PALM HARBOR SHOPPING CENTER 
 12,100 
 2,836 
 10,927 
 - 
 2,836 
 10,927 
 13,763 
 268 
 2009 
 
 Palm Coast, FL 
 
 PARADISE SHOPS OF LARGO 
 7,325 
 4,640 
 7,483 
 (27) 
 4,640 
 7,456 
 12,096 
 1,145 
 2005 
 
 Largo, FL 
 
 PARK WEST PLAZA 
 7,532 
 4,250 
 8,186 
 - 
 4,250 
 8,186 
 12,436 
 822 
 2007 
 
 Grapevine, TX 
 
 PARKWAY CENTRE NORTH 
 13,892 
 4,680 
 16,046 
 1,798 
 4,680 
 17,844 
 22,524 
 1,807 
 2007 
 
 Grove City, OH 
 
 PARKWAY CENTRE NORTH OUTLOT B 
 2,198 
 900 
 2,590 
 - 
 900 
 2,590 
 3,490 
 263 
 2007 
 
 Grove City, OH 
 
 PAVILION AT LAQUINTA 
 23,976 
 15,200 
 20,947 
 - 
 15,200 
 20,947 
 36,147 
 611 
 2009 
 
 LaQuinta, CA 
 
 PAVILIONS AT HARTMAN HERITAGE 
 23,450 
 9,700 
 28,849 
 1,999 
 9,700 
 30,848 
 40,548 
 2,768 
 2007 
 
 Independence, MO 
 
 PEACHLAND PROMENADE 
 4,791 
 1,742 
 6,502 
 - 
 1,742 
 6,502 
 8,244 
 240 
 2009 
 
 Port Charlotte, FL 
 
 PENN PARK 
 31,000 
 6,260 
 29,424 
 (73) 
 6,260 
 29,351 
 35,611 
 2,435 
 2007 
 
 Oklahoma City, OK 
 
 PINEHURST SHOPPING CENTER 
 - 
 625 
 2,157 
 252 
 625 
 2,409 
 3,034 
 364 
 2005 
 
 Humble, TX 
 
 PIONEER PLAZA 
 2,250 
 373 
 3,099 
 - 
 373 
 3,099 
 3,472 
 313 
 2007 
 
 Mesquite, TX 
 
 PLAZA AT EAGLE'S LANDING 
 5,310 
 1,580 
 7,002 
 1 
 1,580 
 7,003 
 8,583 
 776 
 2006 
 
 Stockbridge, GA 

 -117- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 POPLIN PLACE 
 24,586 
 6,100 
 27,790 
 - 
 6,100 
 27,790 
 33,890 
 1,297 
 2008 
 
 Monroe, NC 
 
 PROMENADE FULTONDALE 
 16,870 
 5,540 
 22,414 
 - 
 5,540 
 22,414 
 27,954 
 720 
 2009 
 
 Fultondale, AL 
 
 RALEIGH HILLSBOROUGH 
 - 
 2,605 
 - 
 - 
 2,605 
 - 
 2,605 
 - 
 2007 
 
 Raleigh, NC 
 
 RIVERSTONE SHOPPING CENTER 
 21,000 
 12,000 
 26,395 
 (26) 
 12,000 
 26,368 
 38,368 
 2,417 
 2007 
 
 Missouri City, TX 
 
 RIVERVIEW VILLAGE 
 10,121 
 6,000 
 9,649 
 16 
 6,000 
 9,665 
 15,665 
 930 
 2007 
 
 Arlington, TX 
 
 ROSE CREEK 
 3,968 
 1,443 
 5,630 
 - 
 1,443 
 5,630 
 7,073 
 207 
 2009 
 
 Woodstock, GA 
 
 ROSEWOOD SHOPPING CENTER 
 3,131 
 1,138 
 3,946 
 - 
 1,138 
 3,946 
 5,084 
 147 
 2009 
 
 Columbia, SC 
 
 SALTGRASS RESTAURANT-HUNTING BAYOU 
 - 
 540 
 - 
 - 
 540 
 - 
 540 
 - 
 2005 
 
 Jacinto City, TX 
 
 SARATOGA TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 1,500 
 12,971 
 101 
 1,500 
 13,071 
 14,571 
 1,874 
 2005 
 
 Corpus Christi, TX 
 
 SCOFIELD CROSSING 
 8,435 
 8,100 
 4,992 
 - 
 8,100 
 4,992 
 13,092 
 503 
 2007 
 
 Austin, TX 
 
 SHAKOPEE SHOPPING CENTER 
 8,800 
 6,900 
 8,583 
 - 
 6,900 
 8,583 
 15,483 
 1,180 
 2006 
 
 Shakopee, MN 
 
 SHALLOTTE COMMONS 
 6,078 
 1,650 
 9,028 
 58 
 1,650 
 9,086 
 10,736 
 821 
 2007 
 
 Shallotte, NC 
 
 SHERMAN PLAZA 
 30,275 
 9,655 
 30,982 
 8,343 
 9,655 
 39,324 
 48,979 
 3,880 
 2006 
 
 Evanston, IL 
 
 SHERMAN TOWN CENTER 
 36,191 
 4,850 
 49,273 
 - 
 4,850 
 49,273 
 54,123 
 5,751 
 2006 
 
 Sherman, TX 
 
 SHILOH SQUARE 
 3,238 
 1,025 
 3,946 
 - 
 1,025 
 3,946 
 4,971 
 380 
 2007 
 
 Garland, TX 
 
 SIEGEN PLAZA 
 35,853 
 9,340 
 20,251 
 55 
 9,340 
 20,306 
 29,646 
 914 
 2008 
 
 East Baton Rouge, LA 
 
 SILVERLAKE 
 4,750 
 2,031 
 6,975 
 - 
 2,031 
 6,975 
 9,006 
 195 
 2009 
 
 Erlanger, KY 
 
 SOUTHGATE VILLAGE 
 4,921 
 1,789 
 6,266 
 - 
 1,789 
 6,266 
 8,055 
 185 
 2009 
 
 Pelham, AL 
 
 SPRING TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 3,150 
 12,433 
 33 
 3,150 
 12,466 
 15,616 
 1,565 
 2006 

 -118- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Spring, TX 
 
 SPRING TOWN CENTER III 
 - 
 1,320 
 3,070 
 866 
 1,320 
 3,936 
 5,256 
 342 
 2007 
 
 Spring, TX 
 
 STABLES TOWN CENTER I and II 
 - 
 4,650 
 19,006 
 2,314 
 4,650 
 21,320 
 25,970 
 2,805 
 2005 
 
 Spring, TX 
 
 STATE STREET MARKET 
 10,450 
 3,950 
 14,184 
 402 
 3,950 
 14,586 
 18,536 
 1,649 
 2006 
 
 Rockford, IL 
 
 STONE CREEK 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,317 
 - 
 2,317 
 2,317 
 - 
 
 San Marcos, TX 
 
 STOP & SHOP - SICKLERVILLE 
 8,535 
 2,200 
 11,559 
 - 
 2,200 
 11,559 
 13,759 
 1,450 
 2006 
 
 Sicklerville, NJ 
 
 STOP N SHOP - BRISTOL 
 8,368 
 1,700 
 11,830 
 - 
 1,700 
 11,830 
 13,530 
 1,484 
 2006 
 
 Bristol, RI 
 
 STOP N SHOP - CUMBERLAND 
 11,531 
 2,400 
 16,196 
 - 
 2,400 
 16,196 
 18,596 
 2,031 
 2006 
 
 Cumberland, RI 
 
 STOP N SHOP - FRAMINGHAM 
 9,269 
 6,500 
 8,517 
 - 
 6,500 
 8,517 
 15,017 
 1,068 
 2006 
 
 Framingham, MA 
 
 STOP N SHOP - HYDE PARK 
 8,100 
 2,000 
 12,274 
 - 
 2,000 
 12,274 
 14,274 
 1,697 
 2006 
 
 Hyde Park, NY 
 
 STOP N SHOP - MALDEN 
 12,753 
 6,700 
 13,828 
 - 
 6,700 
 13,828 
 20,528 
 1,734 
 2006 
 
 Malden, MA 
 
 STOP N SHOP - SOUTHINGTON 
 11,145 
 4,000 
 13,938 
 - 
 4,000 
 13,938 
 17,938 
 1,748 
 2006 
 
 Southington, CT 
 
 STOP N SHOP - SWAMPSCOTT 
 11,066 
 4,200 
 13,613 
 - 
 4,200 
 13,613 
 17,813 
 1,707 
 2006 
 
 Swampscott, MA 
 
 STREETS OF CRANBERRY 
 24,425 
 4,300 
 20,215 
 8,181 
 4,300 
 28,396 
 32,696 
 1,951 
 2007 
 
 Cranberry Township, PA 
 
 STREETS OF INDIAN LAKES 
 40,800 
 8,825 
 48,679 
 3,278 
 8,825 
 51,957 
 60,782 
 1,978 
 2008 
 
 Hendersonville, TN 
 
 SUNCREEK VILLAGE 
 2,683 
 900 
 3,155 
 - 
 900 
 3,155 
 4,055 
 318 
 2007 
 
 Plano, TX 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I AL 
 806 
 675 
 1,018 
 (1) 
 675 
 1,017 
 1,692 
 78 
 2007 
 
 Muscle Shoals, AL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I AL 
 356 
 633 
 449 
 (0) 
 633 
 449 
 1,082 
 34 
 2007 
 
 Killen, AL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I DC 
 1,068 
 500 
 2,082 
 (1) 
 500 
 2,081 
 2,581 
 159 
 2007 
 
 Brightwood, DC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 690 
 1,200 
 603 
 (0) 
 1,200 
 603 
 1,803 
 46 
 2007 

 -119- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Panama City, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 900 
 1,400 
 786 
 (0) 
 1,400 
 786 
 2,186 
 60 
 2007 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 709 
 1,276 
 620 
 (0) 
 1,276 
 620 
 1,896 
 47 
 2007 
 
 Apopka, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 668 
 1,285 
 584 
 (0) 
 1,285 
 584 
 1,869 
 45 
 2007 
 
 Bayonet Point, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,006 
 800 
 879 
 (0) 
 800 
 879 
 1,679 
 67 
 2007 
 
 West Palm Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 779 
 600 
 681 
 (0) 
 600 
 681 
 1,281 
 52 
 2007 
 
 Daytona Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 611 
 900 
 534 
 (0) 
 900 
 534 
 1,434 
 41 
 2007 
 
 Sarasota, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 486 
 759 
 425 
 (0) 
 759 
 425 
 1,184 
 32 
 2007 
 
 Dade City, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 410 
 725 
 359 
 (0) 
 725 
 359 
 1,084 
 27 
 2007 
 
 Pensacola, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,306 
 1,100 
 1,142 
 (0) 
 1,100 
 1,142 
 2,242 
 87 
 2007 
 
 New Smyrna Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,067 
 1,700 
 933 
 (0) 
 1,700 
 933 
 2,633 
 71 
 2007 
 
 Clearwater, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 688 
 1,218 
 601 
 (0) 
 1,218 
 601 
 1,819 
 46 
 2007 
 
 Daytona Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 662 
 950 
 579 
 (0) 
 950 
 579 
 1,529 
 44 
 2007 
 
 Deltona, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 971 
 1,900 
 849 
 (0) 
 1,900 
 849 
 2,749 
 65 
 2007 
 
 Boca Raton, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 917 
 900 
 802 
 (0) 
 900 
 801 
 1,701 
 61 
 2007 
 
 Clearwater, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 656 
 1,476 
 574 
 (0) 
 1,476 
 574 
 2,050 
 44 
 2007 
 
 Ocala, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 611 
 1,100 
 534 
 (0) 
 1,100 
 534 
 1,634 
 41 
 2007 
 
 Palm Coast, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 398 
 650 
 348 
 (0) 
 650 
 348 
 998 
 27 
 2007 
 
 Tampa, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 814 
 1,400 
 712 
 (0) 
 1,400 
 712 
 2,112 
 54 
 2007 
 
 Fort Meade, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 367 
 575 
 321 
 (0) 
 575 
 321 
 896 
 25 
 2007 

 -120- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Fruitland Park, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 582 
 953 
 509 
 (0) 
 953 
 509 
 1,462 
 39 
 2007 
 
 Ocala, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 882 
 950 
 771 
 (0) 
 950 
 771 
 1,721 
 59 
 2007 
 
 Ormond Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 614 
 1,100 
 537 
 (0) 
 1,100 
 537 
 1,637 
 41 
 2007 
 
 Gainesville, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 419 
 625 
 366 
 (0) 
 625 
 366 
 991 
 28 
 2007 
 
 Lakeland, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 733 
 950 
 641 
 (0) 
 950 
 641 
 1,591 
 49 
 2007 
 
 Hobe Sound, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 359 
 600 
 314 
 (0) 
 600 
 314 
 914 
 24 
 2007 
 
 Mulberry, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 633 
 1,060 
 553 
 (0) 
 1,060 
 553 
 1,613 
 42 
 2007 
 
 Indian Harbour Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 818 
 500 
 715 
 (0) 
 500 
 715 
 1,215 
 55 
 2007 
 
 Inverness, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,627 
 2,100 
 1,422 
 (0) 
 2,100 
 1,422 
 3,522 
 109 
 2007 
 
 Lake Mary, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 751 
 910 
 656 
 (0) 
 910 
 656 
 1,566 
 50 
 2007 
 
 Melbourne, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 600 
 1,000 
 525 
 (0) 
 1,000 
 524 
 1,524 
 40 
 2007 
 
 St. Petersburg, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 542 
 1,100 
 474 
 (0) 
 1,100 
 473 
 1,573 
 36 
 2007 
 
 Lutz, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 962 
 275 
 841 
 (0) 
 275 
 841 
 1,116 
 64 
 2007 
 
 Marianna, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 389 
 730 
 340 
 (0) 
 730 
 340 
 1,070 
 26 
 2007 
 
 Gainesville, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,120 
 900 
 979 
 (0) 
 900 
 979 
 1,879 
 75 
 2007 
 
 Vero Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 883 
 500 
 772 
 (0) 
 500 
 772 
 1,272 
 59 
 2007 
 
 Mount Dora, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 972 
 1,800 
 850 
 (0) 
 1,800 
 850 
 2,650 
 65 
 2007 
 
 Sarasota, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 461 
 300 
 403 
 (0) 
 300 
 403 
 703 
 31 
 2007 
 
 New Smyrna Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 806 
 1,700 
 705 
 (0) 
 1,700 
 705 
 2,405 
 54 
 2007 

 -121- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Lakeland, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 670 
 1,300 
 585 
 (0) 
 1,300 
 585 
 1,885 
 45 
 2007 
 
 North Palm Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 631 
 900 
 552 
 (0) 
 900 
 551 
 1,451 
 42 
 2007 
 
 Port St. Lucie, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 469 
 1,100 
 410 
 (0) 
 1,100 
 410 
 1,510 
 31 
 2007 
 
 Clearwater, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 709 
 1,200 
 620 
 (0) 
 1,200 
 620 
 1,820 
 47 
 2007 
 
 Okeechobee, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 983 
 650 
 859 
 (0) 
 650 
 859 
 1,509 
 66 
 2007 
 
 Ormond Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 823 
 1,100 
 719 
 (0) 
 1,100 
 719 
 1,819 
 55 
 2007 
 
 Osprey, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 346 
 601 
 303 
 (0) 
 601 
 303 
 904 
 23 
 2007 
 
 Panama City Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 526 
 975 
 459 
 (0) 
 975 
 459 
 1,434 
 35 
 2007 
 
 New Port Richey, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 810 
 1,750 
 708 
 (0) 
 1,750 
 708 
 2,458 
 54 
 2007 
 
 Pembroke Pines, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 823 
 1,023 
 719 
 (0) 
 1,023 
 719 
 1,742 
 55 
 2007 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,025 
 1,800 
 896 
 (0) 
 1,800 
 896 
 2,696 
 68 
 2007 
 
 Pompano Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 537 
 1,030 
 469 
 (0) 
 1,030 
 469 
 1,499 
 36 
 2007 
 
 Jacksonville, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 178 
 298 
 155 
 (0) 
 298 
 155 
 453 
 12 
 2007 
 
 Brooksville, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,595 
 2,803 
 1,394 
 (0) 
 2,803 
 1,394 
 4,197 
 107 
 2007 
 
 Miami, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 660 
 490 
 577 
 (0) 
 490 
 577 
 1,067 
 44 
 2007 
 
 Rockledge, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 465 
 812 
 406 
 (0) 
 812 
 406 
 1,218 
 31 
 2007 
 
 Tampa, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,305 
 1,565 
 1,141 
 (0) 
 1,565 
 1,141 
 2,706 
 87 
 2007 
 
 Seminole, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 816 
 1,430 
 714 
 (0) 
 1,430 
 713 
 2,143 
 55 
 2007 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 493 
 861 
 431 
 (0) 
 861 
 430 
 1,291 
 33 
 2007 

 -122- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Jacksonville, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 874 
 1,500 
 764 
 (0) 
 1,500 
 764 
 2,264 
 58 
 2007 
 
 Ocala, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,306 
 2,200 
 1,142 
 (0) 
 2,200 
 1,142 
 3,342 
 87 
 2007 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 383 
 600 
 335 
 (0) 
 600 
 335 
 935 
 26 
 2007 
 
 Brooksville, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 871 
 600 
 761 
 (0) 
 600 
 761 
 1,361 
 58 
 2007 
 
 Spring Hill, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 867 
 1,000 
 758 
 (0) 
 1,000 
 758 
 1,758 
 58 
 2007 
 
 St. Augustine, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 789 
 1,050 
 689 
 (0) 
 1,050 
 689 
 1,739 
 53 
 2007 
 
 Port St. Lucie, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 505 
 850 
 441 
 (0) 
 850 
 441 
 1,291 
 34 
 2007 
 
 Vero Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 659 
 1,150 
 576 
 (0) 
 1,150 
 576 
 1,726 
 44 
 2007 
 
 Gulf Breeze, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,044 
 2,400 
 913 
 (0) 
 2,400 
 912 
 3,312 
 70 
 2007 
 
 Casselberry, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 1,229 
 2,700 
 1,075 
 (0) 
 2,700 
 1,074 
 3,774 
 82 
 2007 
 
 Winter Park, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 789 
 1,500 
 690 
 (0) 
 1,500 
 690 
 2,190 
 53 
 2007 
 
 Fort Pierce, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 521 
 600 
 456 
 (0) 
 600 
 456 
 1,056 
 35 
 2007 
 
 Plant City, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 757 
 1,540 
 662 
 (0) 
 1,540 
 662 
 2,202 
 51 
 2007 
 
 St. Petersburg, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 756 
 580 
 661 
 (0) 
 580 
 660 
 1,240 
 50 
 2007 
 
 Ormond Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 900 
 1,840 
 786 
 (0) 
 1,840 
 786 
 2,626 
 60 
 2007 
 
 West St. Cloud, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 746 
 1,450 
 652 
 (0) 
 1,450 
 652 
 2,102 
 50 
 2007 
 
 Tamarac, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 562 
 1,050 
 584 
 0 
 1,050 
 584 
 1,634 
 45 
 2007 
 
 Brunswick, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 919 
 2,100 
 955 
 0 
 2,100 
 955 
 3,055 
 73 
 2007 
 
 Kennesaw, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 821 
 675 
 852 
 0 
 675 
 852 
 1,527 
 65 
 2007 

 -123- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Columbus, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 690 
 925 
 716 
 0 
 925 
 716 
 1,641 
 55 
 2007 
 
 Austell, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 3,207 
 7,184 
 3,329 
 0 
 7,184 
 3,330 
 10,514 
 254 
 2007 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 728 
 1,375 
 756 
 0 
 1,375 
 756 
 2,131 
 58 
 2007 
 
 Chambleee, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 758 
 525 
 787 
 0 
 525 
 787 
 1,312 
 60 
 2007 
 
 Conyers, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,167 
 1,750 
 1,211 
 0 
 1,750 
 1,212 
 2,962 
 93 
 2007 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 465 
 300 
 483 
 0 
 300 
 483 
 783 
 37 
 2007 
 
 Savannah, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,146 
 1,325 
 1,190 
 0 
 1,325 
 1,190 
 2,515 
 91 
 2007 
 
 Dunwoody, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 594 
 800 
 617 
 0 
 800 
 617 
 1,417 
 47 
 2007 
 
 Douglasville, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 243 
 325 
 253 
 0 
 325 
 253 
 578 
 19 
 2007 
 
 Albany, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 449 
 865 
 466 
 0 
 865 
 466 
 1,331 
 36 
 2007 
 
 Athens, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 393 
 250 
 408 
 0 
 250 
 408 
 658 
 31 
 2007 
 
 Macon, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 628 
 500 
 652 
 0 
 500 
 653 
 1,153 
 50 
 2007 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,127 
 1,275 
 1,171 
 0 
 1,275 
 1,171 
 2,446 
 89 
 2007 
 
 Duluth, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 544 
 360 
 565 
 0 
 360 
 565 
 925 
 43 
 2007 
 
 Thomson, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 592 
 90 
 614 
 0 
 90 
 614 
 704 
 47 
 2007 
 
 Madison, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 649 
 325 
 674 
 0 
 325 
 674 
 999 
 51 
 2007 
 
 Savannah, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,079 
 2,025 
 1,120 
 0 
 2,025 
 1,120 
 3,145 
 86 
 2007 
 
 Marietta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 955 
 1,200 
 992 
 0 
 1,200 
 992 
 2,192 
 76 
 2007 
 
 Marietta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,099 
 1,000 
 1,141 
 0 
 1,000 
 1,141 
 2,141 
 87 
 2007 

 -124- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Cartersville, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 2,176 
 4,539 
 2,259 
 0 
 4,539 
 2,259 
 6,798 
 173 
 2007 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 448 
 300 
 465 
 0 
 300 
 465 
 765 
 36 
 2007 
 
 Lithonia, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 995 
 1,500 
 1,034 
 0 
 1,500 
 1,034 
 2,534 
 79 
 2007 
 
 Peachtree City, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 663 
 575 
 688 
 0 
 575 
 688 
 1,263 
 53 
 2007 
 
 Stone Mountain, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,523 
 1,600 
 1,581 
 0 
 1,600 
 1,582 
 3,182 
 121 
 2007 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 633 
 175 
 658 
 0 
 175 
 658 
 833 
 50 
 2007 
 
 Waycross, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 334 
 475 
 347 
 0 
 475 
 347 
 822 
 26 
 2007 
 
 Union City, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 445 
 650 
 462 
 0 
 650 
 462 
 1,112 
 35 
 2007 
 
 Savannah, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 846 
 525 
 878 
 0 
 525 
 878 
 1,403 
 67 
 2007 
 
 Morrow, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 381 
 575 
 396 
 0 
 575 
 396 
 971 
 30 
 2007 
 
 Norcross, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 581 
 869 
 603 
 0 
 869 
 603 
 1,472 
 46 
 2007 
 
 Stockbridge, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 433 
 250 
 449 
 0 
 250 
 449 
 699 
 34 
 2007 
 
 Stone Mountain, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 374 
 575 
 388 
 0 
 575 
 388 
 963 
 30 
 2007 
 
 Sylvester, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 1,026 
 1,100 
 1,065 
 0 
 1,100 
 1,065 
 2,165 
 81 
 2007 
 
 Evans, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 283 
 200 
 294 
 0 
 200 
 294 
 494 
 22 
 2007 
 
 Thomson, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 1,148 
 1,000 
 1,925 
 (1) 
 1,000 
 1,924 
 2,924 
 147 
 2007 
 
 Annapolis, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 700 
 800 
 1,174 
 (0) 
 800 
 1,173 
 1,973 
 90 
 2007 
 
 Landover, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 843 
 600 
 1,414 
 (1) 
 600 
 1,413 
 2,013 
 108 
 2007 
 
 Avondale, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 872 
 800 
 1,462 
 (1) 
 800 
 1,461 
 2,261 
 112 
 2007 

 -125- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Cambridge, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 939 
 800 
 1,575 
 (1) 
 800 
 1,574 
 2,374 
 120 
 2007 
 
 Cockeysville, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 1,329 
 700 
 2,229 
 (1) 
 700 
 2,228 
 2,928 
 170 
 2007 
 
 Glen Burnie, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 1,475 
 100 
 2,473 
 (1) 
 100 
 2,473 
 2,573 
 189 
 2007 
 
 Annapolis, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 1,036 
 1,100 
 1,737 
 (1) 
 1,100 
 1,737 
 2,837 
 133 
 2007 
 
 Prince Frederick, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 522 
 600 
 844 
 0 
 600 
 844 
 1,444 
 64 
 2007 
 
 Greensboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 444 
 550 
 719 
 0 
 550 
 719 
 1,269 
 55 
 2007 
 
 Greensboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 554 
 190 
 896 
 0 
 190 
 896 
 1,086 
 68 
 2007 
 
 Apex, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 295 
 450 
 477 
 0 
 450 
 477 
 927 
 36 
 2007 
 
 Arden, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 427 
 400 
 690 
 0 
 400 
 690 
 1,090 
 53 
 2007 
 
 Asheboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 373 
 75 
 604 
 0 
 75 
 604 
 679 
 46 
 2007 
 
 Bessemer City, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 274 
 500 
 444 
 0 
 500 
 444 
 944 
 34 
 2007 
 
 Durham, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 434 
 550 
 701 
 0 
 550 
 702 
 1,252 
 54 
 2007 
 
 Charlotte, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 551 
 200 
 891 
 0 
 200 
 891 
 1,091 
 68 
 2007 
 
 Charlotte, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 566 
 425 
 915 
 0 
 425 
 915 
 1,340 
 70 
 2007 
 
 Greensboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 316 
 320 
 512 
 0 
 320 
 512 
 832 
 39 
 2007 
 
 Creedmoor, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 493 
 280 
 796 
 0 
 280 
 797 
 1,077 
 61 
 2007 
 
 Durham, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 508 
 400 
 821 
 0 
 400 
 822 
 1,222 
 63 
 2007 
 
 Dunn, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 241 
 550 
 389 
 0 
 550 
 389 
 939 
 30 
 2007 
 
 Harrisburg, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 575 
 450 
 929 
 0 
 450 
 929 
 1,379 
 71 
 2007 

 -126- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Hendersonville, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 438 
 230 
 708 
 0 
 230 
 709 
 939 
 54 
 2007 
 
 Cary, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 640 
 300 
 1,034 
 0 
 300 
 1,035 
 1,335 
 79 
 2007 
 
 Mebane, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 1,472 
 175 
 2,380 
 1 
 175 
 2,381 
 2,556 
 182 
 2007 
 
 Lenoir, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 462 
 130 
 747 
 0 
 130 
 748 
 878 
 57 
 2007 
 
 Roxboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 382 
 300 
 617 
 0 
 300 
 617 
 917 
 47 
 2007 
 
 Winston-Salem, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 720 
 280 
 1,164 
 0 
 280 
 1,165 
 1,445 
 89 
 2007 
 
 Oxford, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 252 
 25 
 408 
 0 
 25 
 408 
 433 
 31 
 2007 
 
 Pittsboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 656 
 500 
 1,061 
 0 
 500 
 1,061 
 1,561 
 81 
 2007 
 
 Charlotte, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 347 
 500 
 561 
 0 
 500 
 561 
 1,061 
 43 
 2007 
 
 Greensboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 253 
 350 
 410 
 0 
 350 
 410 
 760 
 31 
 2007 
 
 Stanley, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 236 
 275 
 382 
 0 
 275 
 382 
 657 
 29 
 2007 
 
 Salisbury, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 295 
 250 
 477 
 0 
 250 
 477 
 727 
 36 
 2007 
 
 Stokesdale, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 276 
 600 
 446 
 0 
 600 
 446 
 1,046 
 34 
 2007 
 
 Sylva, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 147 
 150 
 237 
 0 
 150 
 237 
 387 
 18 
 2007 
 
 Lexington, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 417 
 140 
 674 
 0 
 140 
 674 
 814 
 51 
 2007 
 
 Walnut Cove, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 391 
 200 
 632 
 0 
 200 
 632 
 832 
 48 
 2007 
 
 Waynesville, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 468 
 550 
 757 
 0 
 550 
 757 
 1,307 
 58 
 2007 
 
 Concord, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 582 
 250 
 941 
 0 
 250 
 941 
 1,191 
 72 
 2007 
 
 Yadkinville, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 220 
 275 
 356 
 0 
 275 
 356 
 631 
 27 
 2007 

 -127- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Rural Hall, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 296 
 450 
 479 
 0 
 450 
 479 
 929 
 37 
 2007 
 
 Summerfield, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 695 
 260 
 1,255 
 (1) 
 260 
 1,254 
 1,514 
 96 
 2007 
 
 Greenville, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 500 
 36 
 904 
 (1) 
 36 
 903 
 939 
 69 
 2007 
 
 Fountain Inn, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 420 
 80 
 758 
 (0) 
 80 
 758 
 838 
 58 
 2007 
 
 Liberty, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 486 
 350 
 878 
 (1) 
 350 
 878 
 1,228 
 67 
 2007 
 
 Mauldin, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 452 
 160 
 816 
 (0) 
 160 
 815 
 975 
 62 
 2007 
 
 Greenville, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 342 
 360 
 618 
 (0) 
 360 
 617 
 977 
 47 
 2007 
 
 Greenville, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 660 
 800 
 1,192 
 (1) 
 800 
 1,192 
 1,992 
 91 
 2007 
 
 Greenville, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 284 
 240 
 319 
 (0) 
 240 
 319 
 559 
 24 
 2007 
 
 Kingsport, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 208 
 370 
 234 
 (0) 
 370 
 233 
 603 
 18 
 2007 
 
 Morristown, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 924 
 1,110 
 1,036 
 (1) 
 1,110 
 1,035 
 2,145 
 79 
 2007 
 
 Brentwood, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 831 
 1,100 
 932 
 (1) 
 1,100 
 931 
 2,031 
 71 
 2007 
 
 Brentwood, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 917 
 1,450 
 1,028 
 (1) 
 1,450 
 1,027 
 2,477 
 78 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 312 
 675 
 350 
 (0) 
 675 
 350 
 1,025 
 27 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 357 
 250 
 400 
 (0) 
 250 
 400 
 650 
 31 
 2007 
 
 East Ridge, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 778 
 735 
 872 
 (1) 
 735 
 872 
 1,607 
 67 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 365 
 370 
 409 
 (0) 
 370 
 408 
 778 
 31 
 2007 
 
 Chattanooga, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 756 
 675 
 848 
 (1) 
 675 
 847 
 1,522 
 65 
 2007 
 
 Lebanon, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 562 
 425 
 630 
 (1) 
 425 
 630 
 1,055 
 48 
 2007 

 -128- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Chattanooga, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 438 
 185 
 491 
 (0) 
 185 
 491 
 676 
 37 
 2007 
 
 Chattanooga, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 342 
 410 
 383 
 (0) 
 410 
 383 
 793 
 29 
 2007 
 
 Loudon, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 598 
 1,400 
 671 
 (1) 
 1,400 
 671 
 2,071 
 51 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 351 
 150 
 394 
 (0) 
 150 
 393 
 543 
 30 
 2007 
 
 Soddy Daisy, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 647 
 660 
 725 
 (1) 
 660 
 725 
 1,385 
 55 
 2007 
 
 Oak Ridge, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 575 
 335 
 645 
 (1) 
 335 
 644 
 979 
 49 
 2007 
 
 Savannah, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 335 
 550 
 375 
 (0) 
 550 
 375 
 925 
 29 
 2007 
 
 Signal Mountain, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 528 
 870 
 593 
 (1) 
 870 
 592 
 1,462 
 45 
 2007 
 
 Smyrna, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 473 
 1,000 
 530 
 (1) 
 1,000 
 530 
 1,530 
 40 
 2007 
 
 Murfreesboro, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 237 
 391 
 265 
 (0) 
 391 
 265 
 657 
 20 
 2007 
 
 Murfreesboro, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 150 
 180 
 168 
 (0) 
 180 
 168 
 348 
 13 
 2007 
 
 Johnson City, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 248 
 453 
 278 
 (0) 
 453 
 278 
 730 
 21 
 2007 
 
 Chattanooga, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 405 
 620 
 454 
 (0) 
 620 
 454 
 1,074 
 35 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 193 
 30 
 260 
 (0) 
 30 
 260 
 290 
 20 
 2007 
 
 Accomac, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 226 
 300 
 306 
 (0) 
 300 
 306 
 606 
 23 
 2007 
 
 Richmond, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 1,220 
 1,000 
 1,647 
 (0) 
 1,000 
 1,647 
 2,647 
 126 
 2007 
 
 Fairfax, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 750 
 1,000 
 1,012 
 (0) 
 1,000 
 1,012 
 2,012 
 77 
 2007 
 
 Fredericksburg, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 217 
 500 
 292 
 (0) 
 500 
 292 
 792 
 22 
 2007 
 
 Richmond, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 285 
 140 
 384 
 (0) 
 140 
 384 
 524 
 29 
 2007 

 -129- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Collinsville, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 256 
 150 
 346 
 (0) 
 150 
 346 
 496 
 26 
 2007 
 
 Doswell, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 732 
 380 
 988 
 (0) 
 380 
 987 
 1,367 
 75 
 2007 
 
 Lynchburg, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 1,098 
 2,200 
 1,482 
 (0) 
 2,200 
 1,482 
 3,682 
 113 
 2007 
 
 Stafford, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 846 
 760 
 1,142 
 (0) 
 760 
 1,142 
 1,902 
 87 
 2007 
 
 Gloucester, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 538 
 450 
 726 
 (0) 
 450 
 725 
 1,175 
 55 
 2007 
 
 Chesapeake, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 169 
 310 
 228 
 (0) 
 310 
 228 
 538 
 17 
 2007 
 
 Lexington, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 137 
 90 
 185 
 (0) 
 90 
 185 
 275 
 14 
 2007 
 
 Radford, Va 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 405 
 530 
 547 
 (0) 
 530 
 547 
 1,077 
 42 
 2007 
 
 Williamsburg, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 355 
 860 
 479 
 (0) 
 860 
 479 
 1,339 
 37 
 2007 
 
 Salem, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 1,006 
 1,170 
 1,357 
 (0) 
 1,170 
 1,357 
 2,527 
 104 
 2007 
 
 Roanoke, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 470 
 150 
 634 
 (0) 
 150 
 634 
 784 
 48 
 2007 
 
 New Market, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 740 
 200 
 999 
 (0) 
 200 
 999 
 1,199 
 76 
 2007 
 
 Onancock, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 130 
 120 
 176 
 (0) 
 120 
 176 
 296 
 13 
 2007 
 
 Painter, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 686 
 260 
 926 
 (0) 
 260 
 926 
 1,186 
 71 
 2007 
 
 Stuart, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 369 
 450 
 498 
 (0) 
 450 
 498 
 948 
 38 
 2007 
 
 Roanoke, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 180 
 399 
 243 
 (0) 
 399 
 243 
 642 
 19 
 2007 
 
 Vinton, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,537 
 1,533 
 893 
 3 
 1,533 
 896 
 2,429 
 66 
 2007 
 
 Miami, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,396 
 1,392 
 811 
 2 
 1,392 
 813 
 2,206 
 60 
 2007 
 
 Destin, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,466 
 1,463 
 852 
 2 
 1,463 
 855 
 2,318 
 63 
 2007 

 -130- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Dunedin, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,085 
 1,082 
 630 
 2 
 1,082 
 632 
 1,715 
 46 
 2007 
 
 Palm Harbor FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,679 
 1,675 
 976 
 3 
 1,675 
 979 
 2,654 
 72 
 2007 
 
 Tallahassee, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,224 
 1,221 
 711 
 2 
 1,221 
 713 
 1,935 
 52 
 2007 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,432 
 1,429 
 832 
 2 
 1,429 
 835 
 2,264 
 61 
 2007 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,130 
 1,127 
 656 
 2 
 1,127 
 658 
 1,785 
 48 
 2007 
 
 Melbourne, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,322 
 1,319 
 768 
 2 
 1,319 
 770 
 2,089 
 56 
 2007 
 
 Coral Springs, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,040 
 1,038 
 604 
 2 
 1,038 
 606 
 1,644 
 44 
 2007 
 
 Lakeland, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,224 
 1,221 
 711 
 2 
 1,221 
 713 
 1,935 
 52 
 2007 
 
 Palm Coast, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,531 
 1,527 
 890 
 3 
 1,527 
 892 
 2,420 
 65 
 2007 
 
 Plant City, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,391 
 1,388 
 808 
 2 
 1,388 
 811 
 2,198 
 59 
 2007 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,028 
 1,026 
 598 
 2 
 1,026 
 599 
 1,625 
 44 
 2007 
 
 South Daytona, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,199 
 1,196 
 697 
 2 
 1,196 
 699 
 1,895 
 51 
 2007 
 
 Fort Lauderdale, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 984 
 982 
 572 
 2 
 982 
 574 
 1,556 
 42 
 2007 
 
 Pensacola, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,243 
 1,240 
 722 
 2 
 1,240 
 724 
 1,965 
 53 
 2007 
 
 West Palm Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 817 
 815 
 475 
 1 
 815 
 476 
 1,292 
 35 
 2007 
 
 Lake Wells, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 340 
 339 
 198 
 1 
 339 
 198 
 537 
 15 
 2007 
 
 Dunnellon, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,182 
 1,180 
 687 
 2 
 1,180 
 689 
 1,869 
 51 
 2007 
 
 Kissimmee, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,133 
 1,131 
 659 
 2 
 1,131 
 660 
 1,791 
 48 
 2007 
 
 Port Orange, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,121 
 1,119 
 652 
 2 
 1,119 
 654 
 1,772 
 48 
 2007 

 -131- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 North Port, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,098 
 1,095 
 638 
 2 
 1,095 
 640 
 1,735 
 47 
 2007 
 
 Hudson, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 1,032 
 1,030 
 600 
 2 
 1,030 
 602 
 1,632 
 44 
 2007 
 
 Port Orange, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 1,525 
 1,399 
 1,057 
 (37) 
 1,399 
 1,021 
 2,420 
 75 
 2007 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 981 
 900 
 680 
 (24) 
 900 
 657 
 1,557 
 48 
 2007 
 
 Bowden, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 480 
 440 
 333 
 (12) 
 440 
 321 
 761 
 24 
 2007 
 
 Cedartown, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 1,225 
 1,124 
 849 
 (29) 
 1,124 
 820 
 1,944 
 60 
 2007 
 
 St. Simons Island, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 1,890 
 1,734 
 1,310 
 (45) 
 1,734 
 1,264 
 2,998 
 93 
 2007 
 
 Dunwoody, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 1,114 
 1,022 
 772 
 (27) 
 1,022 
 745 
 1,767 
 55 
 2007 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 1,101 
 1,010 
 763 
 (26) 
 1,010 
 737 
 1,747 
 54 
 2007 
 
 Jessup, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 173 
 159 
 120 
 (4) 
 159 
 116 
 274 
 8 
 2007 
 
 Brunswick, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 1,382 
 1,268 
 958 
 (33) 
 1,268 
 924 
 2,192 
 68 
 2007 
 
 Roswell, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 1,516 
 1,391 
 1,051 
 (36) 
 1,391 
 1,014 
 2,406 
 74 
 2007 
 
 Norcross, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 662 
 607 
 459 
 (16) 
 607 
 443 
 1,050 
 32 
 2007 
 
 Augusta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST II MARYLAND 
 2,924 
 1,747 
 2,890 
 2 
 1,747 
 2,892 
 4,639 
 212 
 2007 
 
 Annapolis, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST II MARYLAND 
 1,207 
 721 
 1,193 
 1 
 721 
 1,194 
 1,915 
 88 
 2007 
 
 Frederick, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST II MARYLAND 
 2,123 
 1,269 
 2,099 
 1 
 1,269 
 2,100 
 3,369 
 154 
 2007 
 
 Waldorf, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST II MARYLAND 
 1,610 
 962 
 1,591 
 1 
 962 
 1,592 
 2,554 
 117 
 2007 
 
 Ellicott City, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 940 
 453 
 1,038 
 1 
 453 
 1,039 
 1,492 
 76 
 2007 
 
 Belmont, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 625 
 301 
 690 
 1 
 301 
 691 
 992 
 51 
 2007 

 -132- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Carrboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 1,246 
 601 
 1,375 
 2 
 601 
 1,377 
 1,978 
 101 
 2007 
 
 Monroe, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 780 
 376 
 861 
 1 
 376 
 862 
 1,238 
 63 
 2007 
 
 Lexington, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 605 
 292 
 668 
 1 
 292 
 669 
 961 
 49 
 2007 
 
 Burlington, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 2,395 
 1,155 
 2,645 
 3 
 1,155 
 2,648 
 3,803 
 194 
 2007 
 
 Mocksville, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 1,299 
 627 
 1,434 
 2 
 627 
 1,436 
 2,063 
 105 
 2007 
 
 Durham, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 550 
 265 
 607 
 1 
 265 
 608 
 873 
 45 
 2007 
 
 Oakboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 862 
 416 
 951 
 1 
 416 
 953 
 1,368 
 70 
 2007 
 
 Concord, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 800 
 386 
 883 
 1 
 386 
 884 
 1,270 
 65 
 2007 
 
 Raleigh, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 700 
 338 
 773 
 1 
 338 
 774 
 1,111 
 57 
 2007 
 
 Greensboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 220 
 106 
 243 
 0 
 106 
 243 
 349 
 18 
 2007 
 
 Pittsboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 348 
 168 
 385 
 0 
 168 
 385 
 553 
 28 
 2007 
 
 Yadkinville, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 468 
 226 
 517 
 1 
 226 
 517 
 743 
 38 
 2007 
 
 Matthews, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 379 
 183 
 419 
 1 
 183 
 420 
 603 
 31 
 2007 
 
 Burlington, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 700 
 338 
 773 
 1 
 338 
 774 
 1,111 
 57 
 2007 
 
 Zebulon, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST II SOUTH CAROLINA 
 642 
 220 
 798 
 0 
 220 
 798 
 1,018 
 59 
 2007 
 
 Belton, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST II SOUTH CAROLINA 
 1,000 
 343 
 1,243 
 1 
 343 
 1,244 
 1,587 
 91 
 2007 
 
 Anderson, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST II SOUTH CAROLINA 
 910 
 312 
 1,132 
 1 
 312 
 1,132 
 1,444 
 83 
 2007 
 
 Travelers Rest, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 
 1,764 
 1,190 
 1,619 
 3 
 1,190 
 1,623 
 2,812 
 119 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 
 232 
 156 
 213 
 0 
 156 
 213 
 369 
 16 
 2007 

 -133- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Lavergne, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 
 750 
 506 
 689 
 1 
 506 
 690 
 1,196 
 51 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 
 533 
 360 
 489 
 1 
 360 
 490 
 850 
 36 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 
 922 
 622 
 847 
 2 
 622 
 848 
 1,470 
 62 
 2007 
 
 Chatanooga, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 
 870 
 587 
 798 
 2 
 587 
 800 
 1,387 
 59 
 2007 
 
 Madison, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 1,371 
 759 
 1,423 
 (1) 
 759 
 1,422 
 2,181 
 104 
 2007 
 
 Richmond, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 425 
 235 
 441 
 (0) 
 235 
 441 
 676 
 32 
 2007 
 
 Richmond, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 667 
 369 
 692 
 (0) 
 369 
 692 
 1,061 
 51 
 2007 
 
 Norfolk, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 437 
 242 
 454 
 (0) 
 242 
 453 
 695 
 33 
 2007 
 
 Lynchburg, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 367 
 203 
 382 
 (0) 
 203 
 381 
 585 
 28 
 2007 
 
 Cheriton, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 1,107 
 613 
 1,149 
 (1) 
 613 
 1,149 
 1,761 
 84 
 2007 
 
 Rocky Mount, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 251 
 139 
 260 
 (0) 
 139 
 260 
 399 
 19 
 2007 
 
 Petersburg, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
 1,730 
 800 
 1,986 
 - 
 800 
 1,986 
 2,786 
 127 
 2008 
 
 Washington, DC 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,216 
 1,199 
 729 
 - 
 1,199 
 729 
 1,928 
 47 
 2008 
 
 Avon Park, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 631 
 622 
 378 
 - 
 622 
 378 
 1,000 
 24 
 2008 
 
 Bartow, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 625 
 616 
 374 
 - 
 616 
 374 
 991 
 24 
 2008 
 
 Belleview, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,035 
 1,020 
 620 
 - 
 1,020 
 620 
 1,640 
 40 
 2008 
 
 Beverly Hills, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,495 
 1,474 
 896 
 - 
 1,474 
 896 
 2,370 
 57 
 2008 
 
 Boca Raton, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,004 
 990 
 602 
 - 
 990 
 602 
 1,592 
 39 
 2008 
 
 Bradenton, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,209 
 1,192 
 724 
 - 
 1,192 
 724 
 1,916 
 46 
 2008 

 -134- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Cape Coral, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 567 
 559 
 340 
 - 
 559 
 340 
 898 
 22 
 2008 
 
 Clearwater, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,669 
 1,646 
 1,000 
 - 
 1,646 
 1,000 
 2,645 
 64 
 2008 
 
 Crystal River, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 671 
 661 
 402 
 - 
 661 
 402 
 1,063 
 26 
 2008 
 
 Daytona Beach Shores, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 988 
 975 
 592 
 - 
 975 
 592 
 1,567 
 38 
 2008 
 
 Deland, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 988 
 975 
 592 
 - 
 975 
 592 
 1,567 
 38 
 2008 
 
 Deland, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,058 
 1,043 
 634 
 - 
 1,043 
 634 
 1,677 
 41 
 2008 
 
 Edgewater, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 938 
 924 
 562 
 - 
 924 
 562 
 1,486 
 36 
 2008 
 
 Flager Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 688 
 678 
 412 
 - 
 678 
 412 
 1,090 
 26 
 2008 
 
 Fort Myers, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,097 
 1,081 
 657 
 - 
 1,081 
 657 
 1,738 
 42 
 2008 
 
 Fort Myers, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,446 
 1,426 
 867 
 - 
 1,426 
 867 
 2,293 
 56 
 2008 
 
 Greenacres City, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,803 
 1,778 
 1,080 
 - 
 1,778 
 1,080 
 2,859 
 69 
 2008 
 
 Gulf Breeze, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,122 
 1,106 
 672 
 - 
 1,106 
 672 
 1,778 
 43 
 2008 
 
 Haines City, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 2,209 
 2,178 
 1,323 
 - 
 2,178 
 1,323 
 3,501 
 85 
 2008 
 
 Hallandale, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 690 
 680 
 413 
 - 
 680 
 413 
 1,093 
 27 
 2008 
 
 Hamosassa, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 2,146 
 2,115 
 1,285 
 - 
 2,115 
 1,285 
 3,401 
 82 
 2008 
 
 Hilaleah, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 585 
 577 
 350 
 - 
 577 
 350 
 927 
 22 
 2008 
 
 Inverness, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 874 
 862 
 524 
 - 
 862 
 524 
 1,385 
 34 
 2008 
 
 Jacksonville, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,095 
 1,080 
 656 
 - 
 1,080 
 656 
 1,736 
 42 
 2008 
 
 Jacksonville, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,312 
 1,294 
 786 
 - 
 1,294 
 786 
 2,080 
 50 
 2008 

 -135- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Jupiter, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,140 
 1,124 
 683 
 - 
 1,124 
 683 
 1,806 
 44 
 2008 
 
 Lady Lake, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,301 
 1,283 
 779 
 - 
 1,283 
 779 
 2,062 
 50 
 2008 
 
 Lady Lake, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,067 
 1,052 
 639 
 - 
 1,052 
 639 
 1,692 
 41 
 2008 
 
 Lake Placid, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 806 
 795 
 483 
 - 
 795 
 483 
 1,278 
 31 
 2008 
 
 Lakeland, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 716 
 706 
 429 
 - 
 706 
 429 
 1,135 
 28 
 2008 
 
 Largo, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 876 
 863 
 525 
 - 
 863 
 525 
 1,388 
 34 
 2008 
 
 Lynn Haven, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 886 
 874 
 531 
 - 
 874 
 531 
 1,405 
 34 
 2008 
 
 Melbourne, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,656 
 1,633 
 992 
 - 
 1,633 
 992 
 2,624 
 64 
 2008 
 
 Miami, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 970 
 956 
 581 
 - 
 956 
 581 
 1,538 
 37 
 2008 
 
 Miami Beach, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 949 
 935 
 568 
 - 
 935 
 568 
 1,503 
 36 
 2008 
 
 New Port Richey, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,519 
 1,498 
 910 
 - 
 1,498 
 910 
 2,408 
 58 
 2008 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,425 
 1,405 
 854 
 - 
 1,405 
 854 
 2,259 
 55 
 2008 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 580 
 572 
 348 
 - 
 572 
 348 
 920 
 22 
 2008 
 
 Palm Harbor, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,371 
 1,352 
 821 
 - 
 1,352 
 821 
 2,173 
 53 
 2008 
 
 Palm Harbor, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 942 
 928 
 564 
 - 
 928 
 564 
 1,492 
 36 
 2008 
 
 Port St. Lucie, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,719 
 1,695 
 1,030 
 - 
 1,695 
 1,030 
 2,724 
 66 
 2008 
 
 Punta Gorda, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 988 
 974 
 592 
 - 
 974 
 592 
 1,567 
 38 
 2008 
 
 Roseland, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 798 
 787 
 478 
 - 
 787 
 478 
 1,265 
 31 
 2008 
 
 Sebring, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 754 
 743 
 452 
 - 
 743 
 452 
 1,195 
 29 
 2008 

 -136- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Seminole, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 832 
 820 
 498 
 - 
 820 
 498 
 1,319 
 32 
 2008 
 
 Spring Hill, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,380 
 1,360 
 827 
 - 
 1,360 
 827 
 2,187 
 53 
 2008 
 
 Spring Hill, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,349 
 1,330 
 808 
 - 
 1,330 
 808 
 2,138 
 52 
 2008 
 
 Spring Hill, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 949 
 936 
 569 
 - 
 936 
 569 
 1,505 
 36 
 2008 
 
 St. Petersburg, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,933 
 1,906 
 1,158 
 - 
 1,906 
 1,158 
 3,063 
 74 
 2008 
 
 Stuart, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 2,041 
 2,013 
 1,223 
 - 
 2,013 
 1,223 
 3,236 
 78 
 2008 
 
 Sun City Center, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,539 
 1,518 
 922 
 - 
 1,518 
 922 
 2,440 
 59 
 2008 
 
 Tamarac, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 613 
 605 
 367 
 - 
 605 
 367 
 972 
 24 
 2008 
 
 Valrico, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 770 
 760 
 462 
 - 
 760 
 462 
 1,221 
 30 
 2008 
 
 Wildwood, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 814 
 802 
 488 
 - 
 802 
 488 
 1,290 
 31 
 2008 
 
 Zephyhills, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 1,943 
 1,916 
 1,164 
 - 
 1,916 
 1,164 
 3,080 
 75 
 2008 
 
 Zephyhills, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 655 
 564 
 482 
 - 
 564 
 482 
 1,046 
 31 
 2008 
 
 Albany, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 1,909 
 1,642 
 1,404 
 - 
 1,642 
 1,404 
 3,046 
 90 
 2008 
 
 Alpharetta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 1,433 
 1,233 
 1,054 
 - 
 1,233 
 1,054 
 2,287 
 68 
 2008 
 
 Alpharetta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 1,233 
 1,061 
 907 
 - 
 1,061 
 907 
 1,968 
 58 
 2008 
 
 Athens, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 2,331 
 2,005 
 1,714 
 - 
 2,005 
 1,714 
 3,719 
 110 
 2008 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 496 
 427 
 365 
 - 
 427 
 365 
 791 
 23 
 2008 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 1,032 
 888 
 759 
 - 
 888 
 759 
 1,647 
 49 
 2008 
 
 Augusta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 503 
 432 
 370 
 - 
 432 
 370 
 802 
 24 
 2008 

 -137- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Augusta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 677 
 582 
 498 
 - 
 582 
 498 
 1,080 
 32 
 2008 
 
 Augusta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 1,050 
 904 
 772 
 - 
 904 
 772 
 1,676 
 50 
 2008 
 
 Baxley, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 608 
 523 
 447 
 - 
 523 
 447 
 970 
 29 
 2008 
 
 Columbus, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 528 
 454 
 389 
 - 
 454 
 389 
 843 
 25 
 2008 
 
 Conyers, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 715 
 615 
 526 
 - 
 615 
 526 
 1,141 
 34 
 2008 
 
 Douglas, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 1,305 
 1,122 
 959 
 - 
 1,122 
 959 
 2,081 
 62 
 2008 
 
 Duluth, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 932 
 802 
 686 
 - 
 802 
 686 
 1,488 
 44 
 2008 
 
 Jonesboro, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 1,852 
 1,593 
 1,362 
 - 
 1,593 
 1,362 
 2,955 
 87 
 2008 
 
 Lawrenceville, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 846 
 728 
 622 
 - 
 728 
 622 
 1,351 
 40 
 2008 
 
 Marietta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 745 
 641 
 548 
 - 
 641 
 548 
 1,189 
 35 
 2008 
 
 Norcross, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 903 
 777 
 664 
 - 
 777 
 664 
 1,441 
 43 
 2008 
 
 Tucker, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 1,454 
 1,251 
 1,069 
 - 
 1,251 
 1,069 
 2,320 
 69 
 2008 
 
 Warner Robins, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 1,220 
 1,050 
 897 
 - 
 1,050 
 897 
 1,947 
 58 
 2008 
 
 Woodstock, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 386 
 332 
 284 
 - 
 332 
 284 
 615 
 18 
 2008 
 
 Macon, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III MARYLAND 
 1,250 
 563 
 1,427 
 - 
 563 
 1,427 
 1,989 
 91 
 2008 
 
 Bladensburg, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST III MARYLAND 
 818 
 368 
 933 
 - 
 368 
 933 
 1,301 
 60 
 2008 
 
 Chestertown, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST III MARYLAND 
 1,710 
 770 
 1,952 
 - 
 770 
 1,952 
 2,721 
 125 
 2008 
 
 Upper Marlboro, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 985 
 617 
 953 
 - 
 617 
 953 
 1,570 
 61 
 2008 
 
 Black Mountain, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 436 
 273 
 422 
 - 
 273 
 422 
 695 
 27 
 2008 

 -138- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Butner, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 871 
 546 
 843 
 - 
 546 
 843 
 1,389 
 54 
 2008 
 
 Cary, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 552 
 346 
 534 
 - 
 346 
 534 
 880 
 34 
 2008 
 
 Chapel Hill, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 958 
 600 
 928 
 - 
 600 
 928 
 1,528 
 60 
 2008 
 
 Denton, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 511 
 320 
 495 
 - 
 320 
 495 
 815 
 32 
 2008 
 
 Erwin, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 613 
 384 
 594 
 - 
 384 
 594 
 978 
 38 
 2008 
 
 Greensboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 498 
 312 
 482 
 - 
 312 
 482 
 794 
 31 
 2008 
 
 Hudson, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 531 
 333 
 514 
 - 
 333 
 514 
 847 
 33 
 2008 
 
 Huntersville, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 1,264 
 792 
 1,224 
 - 
 792 
 1,224 
 2,016 
 78 
 2008 
 
 Kannapolis, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 649 
 407 
 628 
 - 
 407 
 628 
 1,035 
 40 
 2008 
 
 Kernersville, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 357 
 224 
 345 
 - 
 224 
 345 
 569 
 22 
 2008 
 
 Marshville, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 701 
 439 
 678 
 - 
 439 
 678 
 1,118 
 44 
 2008 
 
 Mocksville, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 534 
 335 
 517 
 - 
 335 
 517 
 852 
 33 
 2008 
 
 Monroe, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 630 
 395 
 610 
 - 
 395 
 610 
 1,004 
 39 
 2008 
 
 Monroe, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 564 
 354 
 546 
 - 
 354 
 546 
 900 
 35 
 2008 
 
 Norwood, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 1,462 
 916 
 1,415 
 - 
 916 
 1,415 
 2,332 
 91 
 2008 
 
 Raleigh, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 971 
 608 
 940 
 - 
 608 
 940 
 1,548 
 60 
 2008 
 
 Roxboro, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 545 
 342 
 528 
 - 
 342 
 528 
 869 
 34 
 2008 
 
 Spencer, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 1,342 
 841 
 1,299 
 - 
 841 
 1,299 
 2,139 
 83 
 2008 
 
 Wake Forest, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 267 
 167 
 259 
 - 
 167 
 259 
 426 
 17 
 2008 

 -139- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Youngsville, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST III SOUTH CAROLINA 
 787 
 422 
 836 
 - 
 422 
 836 
 1,258 
 54 
 2008 
 
 Anderson, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST III SOUTH CAROLINA 
 518 
 278 
 550 
 - 
 278 
 550 
 828 
 35 
 2008 
 
 Spartanburg, SC 
 
 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 582 
 597 
 343 
 - 
 597 
 343 
 940 
 22 
 2008 
 
 Chattanooga, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 762 
 783 
 449 
 - 
 783 
 449 
 1,232 
 29 
 2008 
 
 Chattanooga, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 520 
 533 
 306 
 - 
 533 
 306 
 839 
 20 
 2008 
 
 Chattanooga, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 698 
 716 
 411 
 - 
 716 
 411 
 1,127 
 26 
 2008 
 
 Chattanooga, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 344 
 353 
 203 
 - 
 353 
 203 
 556 
 13 
 2008 
 
 Cleveland, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 112 
 115 
 66 
 - 
 115 
 66 
 180 
 4 
 2008 
 
 Johnson City, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 231 
 237 
 136 
 - 
 237 
 136 
 373 
 9 
 2008 
 
 Jonesborough, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 561 
 576 
 330 
 - 
 576 
 330 
 907 
 21 
 2008 
 
 Lake City, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 302 
 310 
 178 
 - 
 310 
 178 
 488 
 11 
 2008 
 
 Lawrenceburg, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 578 
 593 
 340 
 - 
 593 
 340 
 934 
 22 
 2008 
 
 Murfreesboro, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 948 
 973 
 558 
 - 
 973 
 558 
 1,531 
 36 
 2008 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 748 
 768 
 441 
 - 
 768 
 441 
 1,209 
 28 
 2008 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 711 
 730 
 419 
 - 
 730 
 419 
 1,148 
 27 
 2008 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 1,801 
 1,518 
 1,370 
 - 
 1,518 
 1,370 
 2,888 
 88 
 2008 
 
 Alexandria, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 1,565 
 1,319 
 1,190 
 - 
 1,319 
 1,190 
 2,508 
 76 
 2008 
 
 Arlington, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 324 
 273 
 246 
 - 
 273 
 246 
 520 
 16 
 2008 
 
 Beaverdam, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 544 
 458 
 413 
 - 
 458 
 413 
 871 
 27 
 2008 

 -140- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Franklin, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 729 
 614 
 554 
 - 
 614 
 554 
 1,169 
 36 
 2008 
 
 Gloucester, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 437 
 368 
 332 
 - 
 368 
 332 
 701 
 21 
 2008 
 
 Harrisonburg, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 397 
 335 
 302 
 - 
 335 
 302 
 637 
 19 
 2008 
 
 Lightfoot, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 368 
 310 
 280 
 - 
 310 
 280 
 590 
 18 
 2008 
 
 Madison Heights, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 2,049 
 1,727 
 1,558 
 - 
 1,727 
 1,558 
 3,285 
 100 
 2008 
 
 Manassas, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 569 
 479 
 433 
 - 
 479 
 433 
 912 
 28 
 2008 
 
 Mechanicsville, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 302 
 254 
 229 
 - 
 254 
 229 
 484 
 15 
 2008 
 
 Nassawadox, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 367 
 309 
 279 
 - 
 309 
 279 
 589 
 18 
 2008 
 
 Radford, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 1,408 
 1,186 
 1,070 
 - 
 1,186 
 1,070 
 2,257 
 69 
 2008 
 
 Richmond, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 307 
 259 
 234 
 - 
 259 
 234 
 493 
 15 
 2008 
 
 Richmond, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 896 
 755 
 681 
 - 
 755 
 681 
 1,437 
 44 
 2008 
 
 Richmond, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 594 
 501 
 452 
 - 
 501 
 452 
 952 
 29 
 2008 
 
 Richmond, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 403 
 339 
 306 
 - 
 339 
 306 
 646 
 20 
 2008 
 
 Roanoke, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 177 
 149 
 135 
 - 
 149 
 135 
 284 
 9 
 2008 
 
 Roanoke, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 850 
 716 
 646 
 - 
 716 
 646 
 1,362 
 41 
 2008 
 
 South Boston, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 1,348 
 1,136 
 1,025 
 - 
 1,136 
 1,025 
 2,160 
 66 
 2008 
 
 Spotsylvania, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 662 
 558 
 504 
 - 
 558 
 504 
 1,062 
 32 
 2008 
 
 Virginia Beach, VA 
 
 THE CENTER AT HUGH HOWELL 
 7,722 
 2,250 
 11,091 
 348 
 2,250 
 11,438 
 13,688 
 1,137 
 2007 
 
 Tucker, GA 
 
 THE HIGHLANDS 
 9,745 
 5,500 
 9,589 
 23 
 5,500 
 9,612 
 15,112 
 922 
 2006 

 -141- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Flower Mound, TX 
 
 THE MARKET AT HILLIARD 
 11,205 
 4,432 
 13,308 
 3,009 
 4,432 
 16,317 
 20,748 
 1,851 
 2005 
 
 Hilliard, OH 
 
 THOMAS CROSSROADS 
 4,460 
 1,622 
 8,322 
 - 
 1,622 
 8,322 
 9,944 
 300 
 2009 
 
 Newnan, GA 
 
 TOMBALL TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 1,938 
 14,233 
 3,312 
 1,938 
 17,545 
 19,483 
 2,200 
 2005 
 
 Tomball, TX 
 
 TRIANGLE CENTER 
 23,600 
 12,770 
 24,556 
 1,339 
 12,770 
 25,895 
 38,665 
 3,425 
 2005 
 
 Longview, WA 
 
 WALGREENS - SPRINGFIELD 
 - 
 855 
 2,530 
 - 
 855 
 2,530 
 3,385 
 371 
 2007 
 
 Springfield, MO 
 
 WASHINGTON PARK PLAZA 
 30,600 
 6,500 
 33,912 
 (318) 
 6,500 
 33,594 
 40,094 
 2,910 
 2005 
 
 Homewood, IL 
 
 WEST END SQUARE 
 - 
 675 
 2,784 
 51 
 675 
 2,835 
 3,510 
 392 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 WILLIS TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 1,550 
 1,820 
 652 
 1,550 
 2,472 
 4,022 
 286 
 2005 
 
 Willis, TX 
 
 WINCHESTER TOWN CENTER 
 - 
 495 
 3,966 
 45 
 495 
 4,011 
 4,506 
 587 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 WINDERMERE VILLAGE 
 - 
 1,220 
 6,331 
 796 
 1,220 
 7,127 
 8,347 
 1,005 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 WOODFOREST SQUARE 
 - 
 300 
 2,136 
 666 
 300 
 2,803 
 3,103 
 397 
 2005 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 WOODLAKE CROSSING 
 15,400 
 3,420 
 14,153 
 (750) 
 3,420 
 13,403 
 16,823 
 - 
 2009 
 
 San Antonio, TX 
 
 LIP.H 
 
 INTECH RETAIL 
 2,787 
 819 
 2,038 
 - 
 819 
 2,038 
 2,858 
 78 
 2009 
 
 Indianapolis, IN 
 
 MCP ONE 
 6,967 
 451 
 2,861 
 - 
 451 
 2,861 
 3,311 
 125 
 2009 
 
 Indianapolis, IN 
 
 MCP TWO 
 14,681 
 1,990 
 9,820 
 - 
 1,990 
 9,820 
 11,810 
 509 
 2009 
 
 Indianapolis, IN 
 
 MIDLOTHIAN MEDICAL 
 12,350 
 - 
 9,041 
 - 
 - 
 9,041 
 9,041 
 353 
 2009 
 
 Midlothian, VA 
 
 SELECT MED TALLAHASSEE 
 20,505 
 3,225 
 21,549 
 - 
 3,225 
 21,549 
 24,773 
 977 
 2009 
 
 Tallahassee, FL 
 
 SELECT MEDICAL AUGUSTA 
 15,175 
 3,173 
 21,344 
 - 
 3,173 
 21,344 
 24,516 
 1,142 
 2009 
 
 Augusta, GA 

 -142- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 SELECT MEDICAL DALLAS 
 9,200 
 2,311 
 15,430 
 - 
 2,311 
 15,430 
 17,741 
 654 
 2009 
 
 Dallas, TX 
 
 SELECT MEDICAL ORLANDO 
 13,626 
 2,838 
 18,908 
 - 
 2,838 
 18,908 
 21,746 
 918 
 2009 
 
 Edgewood, FL 
 
 Office 
 
 11500 MARKET STREET 
 - 
 140 
 346 
 - 
 140 
 346 
 486 
 53 
 2005 
 
 Jacinto City, TX 
 
 6234 RICHMOND AVENUE 
 - 
 500 
 970 
 912 
 500 
 1,882 
 2,382 
 242 
 2006 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 AMERICAN EXPRESS - GREENSBORO 
 33,040 
 8,850 
 39,527 
 - 
 8,850 
 39,527 
 48,377 
 943 
 2009 
 
 Greensboro, NC 
 
 AMERICAN EXPRESS - SALT LAKE CITY 
 30,149 
 9,000 
 45,415 
 - 
 9,000 
 45,415 
 54,415 
 1,067 
 2009 
 
 Salt Lake City, UT 
 
 AT&T - ST LOUIS 
 112,695 
 8,000 
 170,169 
 12 
 8,000 
 170,181 
 178,181 
 17,869 
 2007 
 
 St Louis, MO 
 
 AT&T CLEVELAND 
 29,242 
 870 
 40,033 
 - 
 870 
 40,033 
 40,903 
 3,914 
 2005 
 
 Cleveland, OH 
 
 BRIDGESIDE POINT OFFICE BLDG 
 17,325 
 1,525 
 28,609 
 - 
 1,525 
 28,609 
 30,134 
 4,088 
 2006 
 
 Pittsburg, PA 
 
 COMMONS DRIVE 
 3,663 
 1,600 
 5,746 
 1 
 1,600 
 5,747 
 7,347 
 667 
 2007 
 
 Aurora, IL 
 
 COMPUTERSHARE/EQUISERVE 
 44,500 
 6,481 
 51,701 
 - 
 6,481 
 51,701 
 58,182 
 913 
 2009 
 
 Canton, MA 
 
 DENVER HIGHLANDS 
 10,500 
 1,700 
 11,839 
 - 
 1,700 
 11,839 
 13,539 
 1,266 
 2006 
 
 Highlands Ranch, CO 
 
 DULLES EXECUTIVE PLAZA 
 68,750 
 15,500 
 96,083 
 3,065 
 15,500 
 99,148 
 114,648 
 12,292 
 2006 
 
 Herndon, VA 
 
 HOUSTON LAKES 
 8,988 
 3,000 
 12,950 
 334 
 3,000 
 13,284 
 16,284 
 1,427 
 2006 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 IDS CENTER 
 125,000 
 24,900 
 202,016 
 14,913 
 24,900 
 216,929 
 241,829 
 25,272 
 2007 
 
 Minneapolis, MN 
 
 KINROSS LAKES 
 10,065 
 825 
 14,639 
 48 
 825 
 14,687 
 15,512 
 1,537 
 2005 
 
 Richfield, OH 
 
 LAKE VIEW TECHNOLOGY CENTER 
 14,470 
 884 
 22,072 
 - 
 884 
 22,072 
 22,956 
 3,154 
 2006 
 
 Suffolk, VA 
 
 REGIONAL ROAD 
 8,679 
 950 
 10,501 
 122 
 950 
 10,623 
 11,573 
 1,222 
 2006 
 
 Greensboro, NC 
 
 SANOFI AVENTIS 
 190,000 
 16,900 
 192,987 
 1,213 
 16,900 
 194,200 
 211,100 
 6,218 
 2009 

 -143- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Bridgewater, NJ 
 
 SANTEE - CIVIC CENTER 
 12,023 
 - 
 17,838 
 18 
 - 
 17,856 
 17,856 
 1,927 
 2005 
 
 Santee, CA 
 
 SBC CENTER 
 200,472 
 35,800 
 287,424 
 230 
 35,800 
 287,653 
 323,453 
 41,927 
 2007 
 
 Hoffman Estates, IL 
 
 SUNTRUST OFFICE I FL 
 3,175 
 5,700 
 2,417 
 (3) 
 5,700 
 2,414 
 8,114 
 184 
 2007 
 
 Bal Harbour, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST OFFICE I FL 
 477 
 315 
 363 
 (1) 
 315 
 363 
 678 
 28 
 2007 
 
 Bushnell, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST OFFICE I FL 
 870 
 1,260 
 662 
 (1) 
 1,260 
 661 
 1,921 
 51 
 2007 
 
 Melbourne, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST OFFICE I GA 
 399 
 275 
 675 
 (0) 
 275 
 675 
 950 
 52 
 2007 
 
 Douglas, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST OFFICE I MD 
 2,212 
 650 
 4,617 
 (2) 
 650 
 4,614 
 5,264 
 352 
 2007 
 
 Bethesda, MD 
 
 SUNTRUST OFFICE I NC 
 793 
 400 
 1,471 
 (1) 
 400 
 1,470 
 1,870 
 112 
 2007 
 
 Winston-Salem, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST OFFICE I NC 
 916 
 500 
 1,700 
 (1) 
 500 
 1,699 
 2,199 
 130 
 2007 
 
 Raleigh, NC 
 
 SUNTRUST OFFICE I VA 
 3,194 
 1,360 
 6,272 
 (3) 
 1,360 
 6,269 
 7,629 
 479 
 2007 
 
 Richmond, VA 
 
 SUNTRUST II OFFICE GEORGIA 
 4,402 
 2,625 
 4,355 
 (3) 
 2,625 
 4,352 
 6,977 
 319 
 2008 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III OFFICE FLORIDA 
 1,345 
 1,667 
 457 
 - 
 1,667 
 457 
 2,124 
 29 
 2008 
 
 Gainesville, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III OFFICE FLORIDA 
 854 
 1,058 
 290 
 - 
 1,058 
 290 
 1,348 
 19 
 2008 
 
 Holy Hill, FL 
 
 SUNTRUST III OFFICE GEORGIA 
 1,499 
 676 
 1,703 
 - 
 676 
 1,703 
 2,379 
 109 
 2008 
 
 Brunswick, GA 
 
 SUNTRUST III OFFICE GEORGIA 
 1,774 
 799 
 2,016 
 - 
 799 
 2,016 
 2,815 
 129 
 2008 
 
 Gainesville, GA 
 
 UNITED HEALTH - CYPRESS 
 22,000 
 10,000 
 30,547 
 2 
 10,000 
 30,549 
 40,549 
 1,120 
 2008 
 
 Cypress, CA 
 
 UNITED HEALTH - FREDERICK 
 18,240 
 5,100 
 26,303 
 2 
 5,100 
 26,305 
 31,405 
 921 
 2008 
 
 Frederick, MD 
 
 UNTIED HEALTH - GREEN BAY 
 - 
 4,250 
 45,725 
 23 
 4,250 
 45,748 
 49,998 
 1,601 
 2008 
 
 Green Bay, WI 
 
 UNITED HEALTH - INDIANAPOLIS 
 16,545 
 3,500 
 24,248 
 2 
 3,500 
 24,250 
 27,750 
 849 
 2008 

 -144- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Indianapolis, IN 
 
 UNITED HEALTH - ONALASKA 
 4,149 
 4,090 
 2,794 
 2 
 4,090 
 2,796 
 6,886 
 103 
 2008 
 
 Onalaska, WI 
 
 UNITED HEALTH - WAUWATOSA 
 10,050 
 1,800 
 14,930 
 2 
 1,800 
 14,932 
 16,732 
 523 
 2006 
 
 Wauwatosa, WI 
 
 WASHINGTON MUTUAL - ARLINGTON 
 20,115 
 4,870 
 30,915 
 3 
 4,870 
 30,918 
 35,788 
 3,589 
 2007 
 
 Arlington, TX 
 
 WORLDGATE PLAZA 
 59,950 
 14,000 
 79,048 
 1,974 
 14,000 
 81,021 
 95,021 
 7,607 
 2007 
 
 Herndon, VA 
 
 Apartment 
 
 14th STREET - UAB 
 11,770 
 4,250 
 27,458 
 - 
 4,250 
 27,458 
 31,708 
 2,385 
 2007 
 
 Birmingham, AL 
 
 ALDEN LANDING APARTMENTS 
 11,237 
 4,550 
 14,255 
 - 
 4,550 
 14,255 
 18,805 
 276 
 2009 
 
 The Woodlands, TX 
 
 BRAZOS RANCH APARTMENTS 
 15,246 
 4,000 
 22,246 
 - 
 4,000 
 22,246 
 26,246 
 843 
 2009 
 
 Rosenberg, TX 
 
 ENCINO CANYON APARTMENTS 
 12,000 
 1,700 
 16,443 
 - 
 1,700 
 16,443 
 18,143 
 1,486 
 2007 
 
 San Antonio, TX 
 
 FIELDS APARTMENT HOMES 
 18,700 
 1,850 
 29,783 
 - 
 1,850 
 29,783 
 31,633 
 3,150 
 2007 
 
 Bloomington, IN 
 
 GROGANS LANDING APARTMENTS 
 9,705 
 4,380 
 10,533 
 - 
 4,380 
 10,533 
 14,913 
 217 
 2009 
 
 The Woodlands, TX 
 
 LAKE WYNDEMERE APARTMENTS 
 13,067 
 3,320 
 19,022 
 5 
 3,320 
 19,027 
 22,347 
 366 
 2009 
 
 The Woodlands, TX 
 
 LANDINGS AT CLEARLAKE 
 18,590 
 3,770 
 27,843 
 - 
 3,770 
 27,843 
 31,613 
 2,913 
 2007 
 
 Webster, TX 
 
 LEGACY AT ART QUARTER 
 29,645 
 1,290 
 35,031 
 123 
 1,290 
 35,153 
 36,443 
 1,539 
 2008 
 
 Oklahoma City, OK 
 
 LEGACY CORNER 
 14,630 
 1,600 
 23,765 
 - 
 1,600 
 23,765 
 25,365 
 1,047 
 2008 
 
 Midwest City, OK 
 
 LEGACY CROSSING 
 23,700 
 1,110 
 29,297 
 18 
 1,110 
 29,315 
 30,425 
 1,278 
 2008 
 
 Oklahoma City, OK 
 
 LEGACY WOODS 
 21,190 
 2,500 
 31,505 
 8 
 2,500 
 31,514 
 34,014 
 1,388 
 2007 
 
 Edmond, OK 
 
 MALIBU LAKES APARTMENTS 
 17,929 
 4,800 
 24,186 
 (21) 
 4,800 
 24,165 
 28,965 
 - 
 2009 
 
 Naples, FL 
 
 OAK PARK 
 27,696 
 9,738 
 39,958 
 (0) 
 9,738 
 39,958 
 49,695 
 311 
 2009 
 
 Dallas, TX 

 -145- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 PARKSIDE APARTMENTS 
 18,000 
 5,500 
 15,623 
 - 
 5,500 
 15,623 
 21,123 
 153 
 2009 
 
 The Woodlands, TX 
 
 SEVEN PALMS APARTMENTS 
 18,750 
 3,550 
 24,348 
 5 
 3,550 
 24,353 
 27,903 
 2,182 
 2006 
 
 Webster, TX 
 
 SOUTHGATE APARTMENTS 
 10,725 
 1,730 
 16,356 
 - 
 1,730 
 16,356 
 18,086 
 2,356 
 2007 
 
 Louisville, KY 
 
 STERLING RIDGE ESTATES 
 14,324 
 4,140 
 20,550 
 - 
 4,140 
 20,550 
 24,690 
 387 
 2009 
 
 The Woodlands, TX 
 
 THE RADIAN (PENN) 
 58,500 
 - 
 79,997 
 10,110 
 - 
 90,107 
 90,107 
 4,115 
 2007 
 
 Radian, PA 
 
 UNIV HOUSE AT GAINESVILLE 
 23,460 
 6,561 
 36,879 
 973 
 6,561 
 37,852 
 44,413 
 2,063 
 2007 
 
 Gainesville, FL 
 
 UNIV HOUSE AT HUNTSVILLE 
 15,387 
 1,351 
 26,308 
 1,214 
 1,351 
 27,522 
 28,872 
 1,663 
 2007 
 
 Huntsville, TX 
 
 UNIV HOUSE AT LAFAYETTE 
 9,306 
 - 
 16,357 
 1,665 
 - 
 18,022 
 18,022 
 1,054 
 2007 
 
 Lafayette, AL 
 
 VILLAGES AT KITTY HAWK 
 11,550 
 2,070 
 17,397 
 - 
 2,070 
 17,397 
 19,467 
 1,746 
 2007 
 
 Universal City, TX 
 
 VILLAGE SQUARE APARTMENTS 
 8,112 
 3,335 
 9,601 
 - 
 3,335 
 9,601 
 12,936 
 192 
 2009 
 
 The Woodlands, TX 
 
 VILLAS AT SHADOW CREEK 
 16,117 
 3,690 
 24,142 
 - 
 3,690 
 24,142 
 27,832 
 1,070 
 2007 
 
 Pearland, TX 
 
 WATERFORD PLACE AT SHADOW CREEK 
 16,500 
 2,980 
 24,573 
 - 
 2,980 
 24,573 
 27,553 
 2,596 
 2007 
 
 Pearland, TX 
 
 WOODRIDGE APARTMENTS 
 13,399 
 3,680 
 11,235 
 - 
 3,680 
 11,235 
 14,915 
 108 
 2009 
 
 The Woodlands, TX 
 
 Industrial 
 
 11500 MELROSE AVE -294 TOLLWAY 
 4,561 
 2,500 
 5,071 
 - 
 2,500 
 5,071 
 7,571 
 449 
 2006 
 
 Franklin Park, IL 
 
 1800 BRUNING 
 10,156 
 10,000 
 7,971 
 32 
 10,000 
 8,002 
 18,002 
 904 
 2006 
 
 Itasca, IL 
 
 500 HARTLAND 
 5,860 
 1,200 
 7,459 
 - 
 1,200 
 7,459 
 8,659 
 866 
 2006 
 
 Hartland, WI 
 
 55th STREET 
 7,351 
 1,600 
 11,115 
 - 
 1,600 
 11,115 
 12,715 
 1,290 
 2007 
 
 Kenosha, WI 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #10 
 2,042 
 600 
 2,861 
 - 
 600 
 2,861 
 3,461 
 275 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #11 
 1,539 
 400 
 2,120 
 - 
 400 
 2,120 
 2,520 
 204 
 2007 

 -146- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #15 
 1,203 
 200 
 1,651 
 - 
 200 
 1,651 
 1,851 
 166 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #16 
 2,714 
 600 
 3,750 
 - 
 600 
 3,750 
 4,350 
 362 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #18 
 1,007 
 200 
 1,317 
 27 
 200 
 1,344 
 1,544 
 140 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #19 
 2,546 
 600 
 3,866 
 - 
 600 
 3,866 
 4,466 
 372 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #2 
 1,734 
 400 
 2,282 
 - 
 400 
 2,282 
 2,682 
 220 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #4 
 1,287 
 300 
 1,662 
 - 
 300 
 1,662 
 1,962 
 160 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #7 
 699 
 200 
 832 
 - 
 200 
 832 
 1,032 
 84 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #8 
 448 
 100 
 630 
 - 
 100 
 630 
 730 
 63 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #9 
 811 
 200 
 948 
 - 
 200 
 948 
 1,148 
 96 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 ANHEUSER BUSCH 
 7,549 
 2,200 
 13,598 
 - 
 2,200 
 13,598 
 15,798 
 1,110 
 2007 
 
 Devens, MA 
 
 ATLAS - BELVIDERE 
 11,329 
 1,600 
 15,521 
 - 
 1,600 
 15,521 
 17,121 
 1,225 
 2007 
 
 Belvidere, IL 
 
 ATLAS - CARTERSVILLE 
 8,273 
 900 
 13,112 
 (39) 
 900 
 13,073 
 13,973 
 1,030 
 2007 
 
 Cartersville, GA 
 
 ATLAS - DOUGLAS 
 3,432 
 75 
 6,681 
 - 
 75 
 6,681 
 6,756 
 526 
 2007 
 
 Douglas, GA 
 
 ATLAS - GAFFNEY 
 3,350 
 950 
 5,114 
 - 
 950 
 5,114 
 6,064 
 403 
 2007 
 
 Gaffney, SC 
 
 ATLAS - GAINESVILLE 
 7,731 
 550 
 12,783 
 - 
 550 
 12,783 
 13,333 
 1,007 
 2007 
 
 Gainesville, GA 
 
 ATLAS - PENDERGRASS 
 14,919 
 1,250 
 24,259 
 - 
 1,250 
 24,259 
 25,509 
 1,910 
 2007 
 
 Pendergrass, GA 
 
 ATLAS - PIEDMONT 
 13,563 
 400 
 23,113 
 7 
 400 
 23,120 
 23,520 
 1,820 
 2007 
 
 Piedmont, SC 
 
 ATLAS - ST PAUL 
 8,226 
 3,890 
 10,093 
 - 
 3,890 
 10,093 
 13,983 
 795 
 2007 
 
 St. Paul, MN 
 
 ATLAS-BROOKLYN PARK 
 7,407 
 2,640 
 8,934 
 - 
 2,640 
 8,934 
 11,574 
 704 
 2007 

 -147- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Brooklyn Park, MN 
 
 ATLAS-NEW ULM 
 6,015 
 900 
 9,359 
 - 
 900 
 9,359 
 10,259 
 738 
 2007 
 
 New Ulm, MN 
 
 ATLAS-ZUMBROA 
 10,242 
 1,300 
 16,437 
 - 
 1,300 
 16,437 
 17,737 
 1,294 
 2006 
 
 Zumbrota, MN 
 
 BAYMEADOW - GLEN BURNIE 
 13,824 
 1,225 
 23,407 
 24 
 1,225 
 23,431 
 24,656 
 2,528 
 2006 
 
 Glen Burnie, MD 
 
 C&S - ABERDEEN 
 22,720 
 4,650 
 33,276 
 13 
 4,650 
 33,289 
 37,939 
 3,495 
 2006 
 
 Aberdeen, MD 
 
 C&S - BIRMINGHAM 
 - 
 3,400 
 40,373 
 - 
 3,400 
 40,373 
 43,773 
 2,119 
 2008 
 
 Birmingham, AL 
 
 C&S - NORTH HATFIELD 
 20,280 
 4,800 
 30,103 
 14 
 4,800 
 30,117 
 34,917 
 3,162 
 2006 
 
 Hatfield, MA 
 
 C&S - SOUTH HATFIELD 
 10,000 
 2,500 
 15,251 
 11 
 2,500 
 15,262 
 17,762 
 1,602 
 2006 
 
 Hatfield, MA 
 
 C&S - WESTFIELD 
 29,500 
 3,850 
 45,906 
 13 
 3,850 
 45,919 
 49,769 
 4,821 
 2006 
 
 Westfield, MA 
 
 CLARION 
 3,172 
 87 
 4,790 
 63 
 87 
 4,853 
 4,940 
 523 
 2007 
 
 Clarion, IA 
 
 COLOMA 
 10,017 
 410 
 17,110 
 85 
 410 
 17,195 
 17,605 
 1,397 
 2006 
 
 Coloma, MI 
 
 DEER PARK SEACO 
 2,965 
 240 
 5,271 
 - 
 240 
 5,271 
 5,511 
 612 
 2007 
 
 Deer Park, TX 
 
 DELP DISTRIBUTION CENTER #2 
 1,623 
 280 
 2,282 
 - 
 280 
 2,282 
 2,562 
 247 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 DELP DISTRIBUTION CENTER #5 
 1,623 
 390 
 2,050 
 - 
 390 
 2,050 
 2,440 
 197 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 DELP DISTRIBUTION CENTER #8 
 1,399 
 760 
 1,388 
 - 
 760 
 1,388 
 2,148 
 139 
 2006 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 DORAL - WAUKESHA 
 1,364 
 240 
 2,013 
 - 
 240 
 2,013 
 2,253 
 234 
 2006 
 
 Waukesha, WI 
 
 HASKELL-ROLLING PLAINS FACILITY 
 - 
 45 
 19,733 
 - 
 45 
 19,733 
 19,778 
 1,059 
 2008 
 
 Haskell, TX 
 
 HOME DEPOT - LAKE PARK 
 15,469 
 1,350 
 24,770 
 4 
 1,350 
 24,774 
 26,124 
 867 
 2008 
 
 Valdosta, GA 
 
 HOME DEPOT - MACALLA 
 17,094 
 2,800 
 26,067 
 4 
 2,800 
 26,071 
 28,871 
 914 
 2008 
 
 MaCalla, AL 
 
 HUDSON CORRECTIONAL FACILITY 
 - 
 812 
 - 
 91,822 
 812 
 91,822 
 92,634 
 - 
 2009 

 -148- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Hudson, CO 
 
 INDUSTRIAL DRIVE 
 3,709 
 200 
 6,812 
 - 
 200 
 6,812 
 7,012 
 755 
 2007 
 
 Horican, WI 
 
 KINSTON 
 8,930 
 460 
 14,837 
 - 
 460 
 14,837 
 15,297 
 1,340 
 2006 
 
 Kinston, NC 
 
 KIRK ROAD 
 7,863 
 2,200 
 11,413 
 42 
 2,200 
 11,455 
 13,655 
 1,328 
 2007 
 
 St. Charles, IL 
 
 LIBERTYVILLE ASSOCIATES 
 14,807 
 3,600 
 20,563 
 - 
 3,600 
 20,563 
 24,163 
 2,099 
 2005 
 
 Libertyville, IL 
 
 McKESSON DISTRIBUTION CENTER 
 5,760 
 345 
 8,952 
 - 
 345 
 8,952 
 9,297 
 1,367 
 2007 
 
 Conroe, TX 
 
 MOUNT ZION ROAD 
 24,632 
 2,570 
 41,667 
 - 
 2,570 
 41,667 
 44,237 
 4,253 
 2007 
 
 Lebanon, IN 
 
 OTTAWA 
 1,768 
 200 
 2,905 
 - 
 200 
 2,905 
 3,105 
 319 
 2007 
 
 Ottawa, IL 
 
 SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 
 11,000 
 2,150 
 14,720 
 - 
 2,150 
 14,720 
 16,870 
 1,460 
 2007 
 
 Loves Park, IL 
 
 SOUTHWIDE INDUSTRIAL CENTER #5 
 392 
 122 
 425 
 - 
 122 
 425 
 547 
 43 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 SOUTHWIDE INDUSTRIAL CENTER #6 
 1,007 
 248 
 1,361 
 - 
 248 
 1,361 
 1,609 
 137 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 SOUTHWIDE INDUSTRIAL CENTER #7 
 2,014 
 483 
 2,792 
 - 
 483 
 2,792 
 3,275 
 282 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 SOUTHWIDE INDUSTRIAL CENTER #8 
 196 
 42 
 286 
 - 
 42 
 286 
 328 
 29 
 2007 
 
 Memphis, TN 
 
 STONE FORT DISTRIB CENTER #1 
 6,770 
 1,910 
 9,264 
 (52) 
 1,910 
 9,212 
 11,122 
 930 
 2007 
 
 Chattanooga, TN 
 
 STONE FORT DISTRIB CENTER #4 
 1,399 
 490 
 1,782 
 - 
 490 
 1,782 
 2,272 
 180 
 2006 
 
 Chattanooga, TN 
 
 THERMO PROCESS SYSTEMS 
 8,201 
 1,202 
 11,995 
 - 
 1,202 
 11,995 
 13,197 
 1,722 
 2007 
 
 Sugar Land, TX 
 
 TRI-STATE HOLDINGS I 
 4,665 
 4,700 
 3,973 
 - 
 4,700 
 3,973 
 8,673 
 425 
 2007 
 
 Wood Dale, IL 
 
 TRI-STATE HOLDINGS II 
 6,372 
 1,630 
 11,252 
 - 
 1,630 
 11,252 
 12,882 
 1,149 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 TRI-STATE HOLDINGS III 
 4,334 
 650 
 8,083 
 - 
 650 
 8,083 
 8,733 
 825 
 2007 
 
 Mosinee, WI 
 
 UNION VENTURE 
 36,426 
 4,600 
 54,292 
 - 
 4,600 
 54,292 
 58,892 
 4,120 
 2007 

 -149- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 West Chester, OH 
 
 UPS E-LOGISTICS 
 9,249 
 950 
 18,453 
 - 
 950 
 18,453 
 19,403 
 1,507 
 2006 
 
 Elizabethtown, KY 
 
 WESTPORT - MECHANICSBURG 
 4,029 
 1,300 
 6,185 
 486 
 1,300 
 6,671 
 7,971 
 718 
 2006 
 
 Mechanicsburg, PA 
 
 Hotel 
 
 COMFORT INN - RIVERVIEW 
 - 
 2,220 
 7,421 
 (3,614) 
 2,220 
 3,808 
 6,028 
 42 
 2007 
 
 Charleston, SC 
 
 COMFORT INN - UNIVERSITY 
 - 
 2,137 
 6,652 
 (3,316) 
 2,137 
 3,337 
 5,474 
 41 
 2007 
 
 Durham, NC 
 
 COMFORT INN - CROSS CREEK 
 - 
 571 
 8,789 
 613 
 571 
 9,402 
 9,973 
 1,334 
 2007 
 
 Fayetteville, NC 
 
 COMFORT INN - ORLANDO 
 - 
 722 
 5,278 
 (2,465) 
 722 
 2,812 
 3,535 
 47 
 2007 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT QUORUM 
 18,860 
 4,000 
 26,141 
 972 
 4,000 
 27,114 
 31,114 
 2,784 
 2007 
 
 Addison, TX 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 
 12,225 
 4,989 
 18,988 
 1,044 
 4,989 
 20,032 
 25,021 
 2,499 
 2007 
 
 Ann Arbor, MI 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT DUNN LORING-FAIRFAX 
 30,810 
 12,100 
 40,242 
 420 
 12,100 
 40,663 
 52,763 
 5,014 
 2007 
 
 Vienna, VA 
 
 COURTYARD - DOWNTOWN AT UAB 
 6,378 
 - 
 20,810 
 145 
 - 
 20,955 
 20,955 
 2,554 
 2008 
 
 Birmingham, AL 
 
 COURTYARD - FORT MEADE AT NBP 
 14,400 
 1,611 
 22,622 
 169 
 1,611 
 22,791 
 24,402 
 2,518 
 2008 
 
 Annapolis Junction, MD 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - WEST LANDS END 
 7,550 
 1,500 
 13,416 
 218 
 1,500 
 13,633 
 15,133 
 1,598 
 2007 
 
 Fort Worth, TX 
 
 COURTYARD - FT WORTH 
 14,984 
 774 
 45,820 
 466 
 774 
 46,286 
 47,060 
 5,128 
 2008 
 
 Fort Worth, TX 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 
 6,790 
 1,600 
 13,247 
 2,688 
 1,600 
 15,935 
 17,535 
 1,737 
 2007 
 
 Harlingen, TX 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - NORTHWEST 
 7,263 
 1,428 
 15,085 
 1,041 
 1,428 
 16,126 
 17,554 
 1,998 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - WESTCHASE 
 16,680 
 4,400 
 22,626 
 565 
 4,400 
 23,191 
 27,591 
 2,503 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 

 -150- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT WEST UNIVERSITY 
 10,980 
 2,200 
 16,408 
 141 
 2,200 
 16,549 
 18,749 
 1,864 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - COUNTRY CLUB PLAZA 
 9,610 
 3,426 
 16,349 
 401 
 3,426 
 16,749 
 20,175 
 2,630 
 2007 
 
 Kansas City, MO 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 
 10,320 
 3,200 
 19,009 
 1,075 
 3,200 
 20,084 
 23,284 
 2,185 
 2007 
 
 Lebanon, NJ 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 
 - 
 5,272 
 12,778 
 626 
 5,272 
 13,404 
 18,675 
 1,954 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 COURTYARD - NEWARK ELIZABETH 
 9,737 
 - 
 35,177 
 2,184 
 - 
 37,361 
 37,361 
 4,009 
 2008 
 
 Elizabeth, NJ 
 
 COURTYARD - RICHMOND 
 11,800 
 2,173 
 - 
 17,649 
 2,173 
 17,649 
 19,822 
 1,976 
 2007 
 
 Richmond, VA 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - ROANOKE AIRPORT 
 14,651 
 3,311 
 22,242 
 1,759 
 3,311 
 24,001 
 27,311 
 2,470 
 2007 
 
 Roanoke, VA 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT SEATTLE - FEDERAL WAY 
 22,830 
 7,700 
 27,167 
 541 
 7,700 
 27,707 
 35,407 
 2,821 
 2007 
 
 Federal Way, WA 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT CHICAGO- ST.CHARLES 
 - 
 1,685 
 9,355 
 781 
 1,685 
 10,136 
 11,821 
 1,159 
 2007 
 
 St. Charles, IL 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - WILLIAM CENTER 
 16,030 
 4,000 
 20,942 
 3,063 
 4,000 
 24,005 
 28,005 
 2,528 
 2007 
 
 Tucson, AZ 
 
 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 
 - 
 2,397 
 18,560 
 801 
 2,397 
 19,361 
 21,759 
 2,230 
 2007 
 
 Wilmington, NC 
 
 DOUBLETREE - ATLANTA GALLERIA 
 6,116 
 1,082 
 20,397 
 1,087 
 1,082 
 21,484 
 22,565 
 2,458 
 2008 
 
 Alpharetta, GA 
 
 DOUBLETREE - WASHINGTON DC 
 26,398 
 25,857 
 56,964 
 2,773 
 25,857 
 59,736 
 85,594 
 5,550 
 2008 
 
 Washington, DC 
 
 EMBASSY SUITES - BEACHWOOD 
 14,752 
 1,732 
 42,672 
 422 
 1,732 
 43,094 
 44,826 
 4,422 
 2008 
 
 Beachwood, OH 
 
 EMBASSY SUITES - BALTIMORE 
 12,661 
 2,429 
 38,927 
 1,051 
 2,429 
 39,978 
 42,408 
 4,668 
 2008 
 
 Hunt Valley, MD 
 
 FAIRFIELD INN 
 - 
 1,981 
 6,353 
 367 
 1,981 
 6,720 
 8,701 
 1,037 
 2007 
 
 Ann Arbor, MI 

 -151- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 HAMPTON INN SUITES - DENVER 
 7,216 
 6,144 
 26,472 
 264 
 6,144 
 26,736 
 32,879 
 2,976 
 2008 
 
 Colorado Springs, CO 
 
 HAMPTON INN ATLANTA - PERIMETER CENTER 
 8,450 
 2,768 
 14,072 
 1,273 
 2,768 
 15,345 
 18,113 
 1,658 
 2007 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 HAMPTON INN BALTIMORE-INNER HARBOR 
 13,700 
 1,700 
 21,067 
 930 
 1,700 
 21,997 
 23,697 
 2,234 
 2007 
 
 Baltimore, MD 
 
 HAMPTON INN RALEIGH-CARY 
 7,024 
 2,268 
 10,503 
 1,922 
 2,268 
 12,426 
 14,694 
 1,334 
 2007 
 
 Cary, NC 
 
 HAMPTON INN UNIVERSITY PLACE 
 8,164 
 3,509 
 11,335 
 1,565 
 3,509 
 12,900 
 16,409 
 1,455 
 2007 
 
 Charlotte, NC 
 
 HAMPTON INN SUITES DULUTH-GWINNETT 
 9,585 
 488 
 12,991 
 1,917 
 488 
 14,907 
 15,395 
 1,618 
 2007 
 
 Duluth, GA 
 
 HAMPTON INN 
 - 
 1,228 
 7,049 
 (3,300) 
 1,228 
 3,749 
 4,976 
 45 
 2007 
 
 Durham, NC 
 
 HAMPTON INN WHITE PLAINS-TARRYTOWN 
 15,643 
 3,200 
 26,160 
 3,218 
 3,200 
 29,378 
 32,578 
 2,870 
 2007 
 
 Elmsford, NY 
 
 HAMPTON INN 
 - 
 2,753 
 3,782 
 1,553 
 2,753 
 5,335 
 8,088 
 579 
 2007 
 
 Jacksonville, NC 
 
 HAMPTON INN CRABTREE VALLEY 
 - 
 1,168 
 6,415 
 (2,824) 
 1,168 
 3,591 
 4,759 
 55 
 2007 
 
 Raleigh, NC 
 
 HGI - BOSTON BURLINGTON 
 5,871 
 4,095 
 25,556 
 425 
 4,095 
 25,980 
 30,075 
 2,858 
 2008 
 
 Burlington, MA 
 
 HGI - COLORADO SPRINGS 
 8,570 
 1,400 
 17,522 
 2,161 
 1,400 
 19,683 
 21,083 
 1,778 
 2008 
 
 Colorado Springs, CO 
 
 HGI - SAN ANTONIO AIRPORT 
 6,085 
 1,498 
 19,484 
 150 
 1,498 
 19,634 
 21,131 
 2,226 
 2008 
 
 San Antonio, TX 
 
 HGI - WASHINGTON DC 
 61,000 
 18,800 
 64,359 
 692 
 18,800 
 65,051 
 83,851 
 7,113 
 2008 
 
 Washington, DC 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN - CHELSEA 
 30,250 
 16,095 
 39,804 
 (330) 
 16,095 
 39,474 
 55,570 
 4,280 
 2007 
 
 New York, NY 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN TAMPA YBOR 
 9,460 
 2,400 
 16,159 
 641 
 2,400 
 16,800 
 19,200 
 1,810 
 2007 
 
 Tampa, FL 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN - AKRON 
 7,164 
 900 
 11,556 
 (470) 
 900 
 11,086 
 11,986 
 1,336 
 2007 
 
 Akron, OH 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN ALBANY AIRPORT 
 12,050 
 1,645 
 20,263 
 2,298 
 1,645 
 22,561 
 24,206 
 2,333 
 2007 

 -152- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Albany, NY 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN ATLANTA WINWARD 
 10,503 
 1,030 
 18,206 
 1,048 
 1,030 
 19,253 
 20,284 
 2,023 
 2007 
 
 Alpharetta, GA 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN 
 19,928 
 2,920 
 27,995 
 1,679 
 2,920 
 29,674 
 32,594 
 3,106 
 2007 
 
 Evanston, IL 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN RALEIGH -DURHAM 
 8,000 
 2,754 
 26,050 
 1,456 
 2,754 
 27,506 
 30,260 
 2,882 
 2007 
 
 Raleigh, NC 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN 
 21,680 
 8,900 
 25,156 
 1,058 
 8,900 
 26,214 
 35,114 
 2,819 
 2007 
 
 Westbury, NY 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN 
 9,530 
 6,354 
 10,328 
 115 
 6,354 
 10,443 
 16,797 
 1,748 
 2007 
 
 Wilmington, NC 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN HARTFORD NORTH 
 10,384 
 5,606 
 13,892 
 1,242 
 5,606 
 15,135 
 20,740 
 1,667 
 2007 
 
 Windsor, CT 
 
 HILTON GARDEN INN PHOENIX 
 22,062 
 5,114 
 57,105 
 442 
 5,114 
 57,548 
 62,662 
 5,613 
 2008 
 
 Phoenix, AZ 
 
 HILTON - UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA 
 27,775 
 - 
 50,407 
 4,667 
 - 
 55,074 
 55,074 
 6,409 
 2007 
 
 Gainesville, FL 
 
 HOLIDAY INN EXPRESS - CLEARWATER GATEWAY 
 - 
 2,283 
 6,202 
 2,194 
 2,283 
 8,395 
 10,678 
 1,284 
 2007 
 
 Clearwater, FL 
 
 HOLIDAY INN HARMON MEADOW SECAUCUS 
 - 
 - 
 23,291 
 3,970 
 - 
 27,261 
 27,261 
 2,916 
 2007 
 
 Secaucus, NJ 
 
 HOMEWOOD - HOUSTON GALLERIA 
 9,415 
 1,655 
 30,587 
 72 
 1,655 
 30,659 
 32,313 
 3,917 
 2008 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES 
 10,160 
 2,400 
 18,071 
 2,673 
 2,400 
 20,744 
 23,144 
 2,534 
 2007 
 
 Albuquerque, NM 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES 
 12,930 
 4,300 
 15,629 
 2,433 
 4,300 
 18,062 
 22,362 
 2,154 
 2007 
 
 Baton Rouge, LA 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES 
 12,747 
 1,478 
 19,404 
 4,699 
 1,478 
 24,103 
 25,581 
 2,809 
 2007 
 
 Cary, NC 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES HOUSTON - CLEARLAKE 
 7,222 
 1,235 
 12,655 
 2,233 
 1,235 
 14,888 
 16,123 
 1,556 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES 
 7,950 
 2,403 
 10,441 
 2,627 
 2,403 
 13,068 
 15,471 
 1,561 
 2007 
 
 Durham, NC 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES 
 9,900 
 721 
 9,592 
 2,549 
 721 
 12,142 
 12,862 
 1,579 
 2007 

 -153- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 Lake Mary, FL 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES METRO CENTER 
 6,330 
 2,684 
 9,740 
 3,108 
 2,684 
 12,848 
 15,532 
 1,579 
 2007 
 
 Phoenix, AZ 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES 
 11,800 
 3,203 
 21,300 
 306 
 3,203 
 21,606 
 24,809 
 2,968 
 2007 
 
 Princeton, NJ 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES CRABTREE VALLEY 
 12,869 
 2,194 
 21,292 
 2,329 
 2,194 
 23,621 
 25,815 
 2,690 
 2007 
 
 Raleigh, NC 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES CLEVELAND SOLON 
 5,490 
 1,900 
 10,757 
 1,671 
 1,900 
 12,428 
 14,328 
 1,480 
 2007 
 
 Solon, OH 
 
 HOMEWOOD SUITES COLORADO SPRINGS NORTH 
 7,830 
 2,900 
 14,011 
 2,481 
 2,900 
 16,492 
 19,392 
 2,203 
 2007 
 
 Colorado Springs, CO 
 
 HYATT REGENCY - OC 
 - 
 18,688 
 93,384 
 14,412 
 18,688 
 107,796 
 126,484 
 5,212 
 2008 
 
 Orange County, CA 
 
 HYATT - BOSTON/MEDFORD 
 8,142 
 2,766 
 29,141 
 89 
 2,766 
 29,230 
 31,996 
 3,660 
 2008 
 
 Medford, MA 
 
 MARRIOTT - ATL CENTURY CENTER 
 9,628 
 - 
 36,571 
 1,670 
 - 
 38,241 
 38,241 
 5,237 
 2008 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 
 MARRIOTT - CHICAGO - MED DIST UIC 
 7,896 
 8,831 
 17,911 
 4,667 
 8,831 
 22,578 
 31,409 
 2,278 
 2008 
 
 Chicago, IL 
 
 Marriott - WOODLANDS WATERWAY 
 - 
 5,500 
 98,886 
 18,093 
 5,500 
 116,978 
 122,478 
 11,199 
 2007 
 
 Woodlands, TX 
 
 QUALITY SUITES 
 10,350 
 1,331 
 13,709 
 1,374 
 1,331 
 15,083 
 16,414 
 1,679 
 2007 
 
 Charleston, SC 
 
 RESIDENCE INN - BALTIMORE 
 40,040 
 - 
 55,410 
 831 
 - 
 56,242 
 56,242 
 5,960 
 2008 
 
 Baltimore, MD 
 
 RESIDENCE INN 
 6,900 
 1,700 
 12,629 
 770 
 1,700 
 13,400 
 15,100 
 1,484 
 2007 
 
 Brownsville, TX 
 
 RESIDENCE INN - CAMBRIDGE 
 26,726 
 10,346 
 72,735 
 278 
 10,346 
 73,013 
 83,358 
 7,408 
 2008 
 
 Cambridge, MA 
 
 RESIDENCE INN SOUTH BRUNSWICK-CRANBURY 
 10,000 
 5,100 
 15,368 
 2,071 
 5,100 
 17,440 
 22,540 
 1,964 
 2007 
 
 Cranbury, NJ 
 
 RESIDENCE INN CYPRESS - LOS ALAMITS 
 20,650 
 9,200 
 25,079 
 3,102 
 9,200 
 28,181 
 37,381 
 3,165 
 2007 
 
 Cypress, CA 
 
 RESIDENCE INN DFW AIRPORT NORTH 
 9,560 
 2,800 
 14,782 
 525 
 2,800 
 15,306 
 18,106 
 1,658 
 2007 
 
 Dallas-Fort Worth, TX 
 
 RESIDENCE INN PARK CENTRAL 
 8,970 
 2,600 
 17,322 
 2,514 
 2,600 
 19,835 
 22,435 
 2,290 
 2007 
 
 Dallas , TX 

 -154- 

 Initial Cost (A) 
 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 
 
 Encumbrance 
 Land 
 Buildings and Improvements 
 Adjustments to Basis (C) 
 Land and Improvements 
 Buildings and Improvements(D) 
 Total (D,E) 
 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 
 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 
 
 RESIDENCE INN SOMERSET-FRANKLIN 
 9,890 
 3,100 
 14,322 
 1,772 
 3,100 
 16,094 
 19,194 
 1,821 
 2007 
 
 Franklin, NJ 
 
 RESIDENCE INN 
 10,810 
 5,300 
 14,632 
 2,107 
 5,300 
 16,740 
 22,040 
 1,851 
 2007 
 
 Hauppauge, NY 
 
 RESIDENCE INN WESTCHASE 
 12,550 
 4,300 
 16,969 
 595 
 4,300 
 17,564 
 21,864 
 1,903 
 2007 
 
 Westchase, TX 
 
 RESIDENCE INN WEST UNIVERSITY 
 13,100 
 3,800 
 18,834 
 302 
 3,800 
 19,136 
 22,936 
 2,167 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 RESIDENCE INN NASHVILLE AIRPORT 
 12,120 
 3,500 
 14,147 
 1,094 
 3,500 
 15,241 
 18,741 
 1,636 
 2007 
 
 Nashville, TN 
 
 RESIDENCE INN 
 7,500 
 1,688 
 10,812 
 2,390 
 1,688 
 13,202 
 14,890 
 2,241 
 2007 
 
 Phoenix, AZ 
 
 RESIDENCE INN - POUGHKEEPSIE 
 8,109 
 1,003 
 24,590 
 223 
 1,003 
 24,813 
 25,815 
 2,831 
 2008 
 
 Poughkeepsie, NY 
 
 RESIDENCE INN ROANOKE AIRPORT 
 5,122 
 500 
 9,499 
 87 
 500 
 9,586 
 10,086 
 1,253 
 2007 
 
 Roanoke, VA 
 
 RESIDENCE INN WILLIAMS CENTRE 
 12,770 
 3,700 
 17,601 
 400 
 3,700 
 18,001 
 21,701 
 2,063 
 2007 
 
 Tucson, AZ 
 
 RESIDENCE INN - NEWARK ELIZABETH 
 10,297 
 - 
 41,096 
 1,835 
 - 
 42,931 
 42,931 
 4,772 
 2008 
 
 Elizabeth, NJ 
 
 SPRINGHILL SUITES 
 9,130 
 3,200 
 14,833 
 139 
 3,200 
 14,972 
 18,172 
 1,606 
 2007 
 
 Danbury, CT 
 
 TOWNEPLACE SUITES NORTHWEST 
 7,082 
 5,332 
 8,301 
 1,386 
 5,332 
 9,687 
 15,020 
 1,459 
 2007 
 
 Austin, TX 
 
 TOWNEPLACE SUITES BIRMINGHAM-HOMEWOOD 
 - 
 2,220 
 7,307 
 1,098 
 2,220 
 8,405 
 10,624 
 1,374 
 2007 
 
 Birmingham, AL 
 
 TOWNEPLACE SUITES NORTHWEST 
 4,900 
 2,065 
 5,223 
 994 
 2,065 
 6,217 
 8,282 
 1,026 
 2007 
 
 College Station, TX 
 
 TOWNEPLACE SUITES NORTHWEST - CLEARLAKES 
 5,815 
 2,267 
 9,037 
 1,051 
 2,267 
 10,088 
 12,356 
 1,381 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 
 
 TOWNEPLACE SUITES NORTHWEST 
 - 
 1,607 
 11,644 
 1,329 
 1,607 
 12,974 
 14,581 
 1,669 
 2007 
 
 Houston, TX 

 Total (1) 
 4,895,088 
 1,684,793 
 7,509,212 
 357,421 
 1,684,793 
 7,866,633 
 9,551,426 
 717,547 

 (1) Amounts in this table may not tie to the total due to rounding. 

 -155- 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 
 Schedule III (continued) 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 
 December 31, 2009 
 
 Notes: 
 
 (A) 
 The initial cost to the Company represents the original purchase price of the property, including amounts incurred subsequent to acquisition which were contemplated at the time the property was acquired. 
 
 (B) 
 The aggregate cost of real estate owned at December 31, 2009 for Federal income tax purposes was approximately $9,544,951 (unaudited). 
 
 (C) 
 Cost capitalized subsequent to acquisition includes payments under master lease agreements as well as additional tangible costs associated with investment properties, including any earnout of tenant space. 
 
 (D) 
 Reconciliation of real estate owned: 

 2009 
 2008 
 2007 

 Balance at January 1, 
 $ 
 8,216,942 
 6,167,090 
 2,245,907 
 
 Acquisitions and capital improvements 
 1,378,465 
 2,184,330 
 4,089,650 
 
 Intangible assets 
 (81,052) 
 (93,870) 
 (190,681) 
 
 Intangible liabilities 
 37,071 
 5,968 
 22,214 
 
 Sales 
 - 
 (46,576) 
 - 

 Balance at December 31, 
 $ 
 9,551,426 
 8,216,942 
 6,167,090 

 (E) 
 Reconciliation of accumulated depreciation: 

 Balance at January 1, 
 $ 
 406,235 
 160,046 
 38,983 
 
 Depreciation expense 
 311,312 
 246,189 
 121,063 

 Balance at December 31, 
 $ 
 717,547 
 406,235 
 160,046 

 (F) 
 Depreciation is computed based upon the following estimated lives: 

 Buildings and improvements 
 5-30 years 
 
 Tenant improvements 
 Life of the lease 
 
 Furniture, fixtures & equipment 
 5-10 years 

 -156- 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A(T). Controls and Procedures 
 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) and Rule 15d-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;), our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer evaluated as of December 31, 2009, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e). Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as of December 31, 2009, were effective for the purpose of ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in this report is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the rules and forms of the Exchange Act and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and our principal financial officer as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated as of December 31, 2009, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on its evaluation, our management has concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009. 
 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of the company's independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the company's independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management's report in this annual report. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2009 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this Item will be presented in our definitive proxy statement for our 2010 annual meeting of stockholders which we anticipate filing with the SEC no later than April 30, 2010, and is incorporated by reference into this Item 10. 
 
 We have adopted a code of ethics, which is available on our website free of charge at http://www.inlandamerican.com. We will provide the code of ethics free of charge upon request to our customer relations group. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item will be presented in our definitive proxy statement for our 2010 annual meeting of stockholders which we anticipate filing with the SEC no later than April 30, 2010, and is incorporated by reference into this Item 11. 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this Item will be presented in our definitive proxy statement for our 2010 annual meeting of stockholders which we anticipate filing with the SEC no later than April 30, 2010, and is incorporated by reference into this Item 12. 

 -157- 

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item will be presented in our definitive proxy statement for our 2010 annual meeting of stockholders which we anticipate filing with the SEC no later than April 30, 2010, and is incorporated by reference into this Item 13. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this Item will be presented in our definitive proxy statement for our 2010 annual meeting of stockholders which we anticipate filing with the SEC no later than April 30, 2010, and is incorporated by reference into this Item 14. 
 
 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) 
 List of documents filed: 
 
 (1) 
 Financial Statements: 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The consolidated financial statements of the Company are set forth in the report in Item 8. 
 
 (2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 
 
 Financial statement schedule for the year ended December 31, 2009 is submitted herewith. 

 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Schedule III) 

 (3) 
 Exhibits: 
 
 The list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report is set forth on the Exhibit Index attached hereto. 
 
 (b) 
 Exhibits: 
 
 The exhibits filed in response to Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed on the Exhibit Index attached hereto. 
 
 (c) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 All schedules other than those indicated in the index have been omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 

 -158- 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 

 /s/ Brenda G. Gujral 
 
 By: 
 Brenda G. Gujral 
 
 President and Director 
 
 Date: 
 March 15, 2010 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

 Signature 
 Title 
 Date 

 By: 
 /s/ Robert D. Parks 
 March 15, 2010 
 
 Name: 
 Robert D. Parks 
 Director and chairman of the board 

 By: 
 /s/ Brenda G. Gujral 
 March 15, 2010 
 
 Name: 
 Brenda G. Gujral 
 Director and president (principal executive officer) 

 By: 
 /s/ Lori J. Foust 
 March 15, 2010 
 
 Name: 
 Lori J. Foust 
 Treasurer and principal financial officer 

 By: 
 /s/ Jack Potts 
 
 Name: 
 Jack Potts 
 Principal accounting officer 
 March 15, 2010 

 By: 
 /s/ J. Michael Borden 
 
 Name: 
 J. Michael Borden 
 Director 
 March 15, 2010 

 By: 
 /s/ David Mahon 
 
 Name: 
 David Mahon 
 Director 
 March 15, 2010 

 By: 
 /s/ Thomas F. Meagher 
 
 Name: 
 Thomas F. Meagher 
 Director 
 March 15, 2010 

 By: 
 /s/ Paula Saban 
 
 Name: 
 Paula Saban 
 Director 
 March 15, 2010 

 By: 
 /s/ William J. Wierzbicki 
 
 Name: 
 William J. Wierzbicki 
 Director 
 March 15, 2010 

 By: 
 /s/ Thomas F. Glavin 
 
 Name: 
 Thomas F. Glavin 
 Director 
 March 15, 2010 

 -159- 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 EXHIBIT NO. 
 DESCRIPTION 

 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 2, 2007, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., Winston Hotels, Inc., Winn Limited Partnership and Inland American Acquisition (Winston), LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 6, 2007) 

 2.2 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 25, 2007, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., Apple Hospitality Five, Inc. and Inland American Orchard Hotels, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 27, 2007) 

 2.3 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 12, 2007, by and among Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., RLJ Urban Lodging Master, LLC, RLJ Urban Lodging REIT, LLC and RLJ Urban Lodging REIT (PF#1), LLC, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 25, 2008) 

 3.1 
 Fifth Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 19, 2007) 

 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., effective as of April 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 1, 2008), as amended by the Amendment to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., effective as of January 20, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 23, 2009) 

 4.1 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2009 (file number 333-158338)) 

 4.2 
 Share Repurchase Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2006 (file number 333-139504)) 

 4.3 
 Independent Director Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2005 (file number 333-122743)) 

 4.4 
 Statement regarding restrictions on transferability of shares of common stock (to appear on stock certificate or to be sent upon request and without charge to stockholders issued shares without certificates) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant&#146;s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 31, 2007 (file number 333-139504)) 

 10.1 
 First Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2007, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Business Manager & Advisor, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 3, 2009) 

 10.2.1 
 Master Management Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Retail Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2005), as amended by the First Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated September 10, 2008, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Retail Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 16, 2008) 

 10.2.2 
 Master Management Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Apartment Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2005), as amended by the First Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated September 10, 2008, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Apartment Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 16, 2008) 

 -160- 

 10.2.3 
 Master Management Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Industrial Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2005), as amended by the First Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated September 10, 2008, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Industrial Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 16, 2008) 

 10.2.4 
 Master Management Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Office Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.4 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2005), as amended by the First Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated September 10, 2008, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Office Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 16, 2008) 

 10.3 
 First Amended and Restated Property Acquisition Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2007, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 31, 2007 (file number 333-139504)) 

 10.4 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (previously filed and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant&#146;s Amendment No. 4 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 18, 2005 (file number 333-122743)) 

 10.5 
 Securities Purchase And Subscription Agreement among Minto Builders (Florida), Inc., Minto (Delaware), LLC, Minto Holdings Inc. and Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. dated as of October 11, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2005) 

 10.6 
 Put/Call Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2005, by and among Minto Builders (Florida), Inc., Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., Minto Holdings Inc. and Holders of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock as Listed on Schedule A Thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2005) 

 10.7 
 Shareholders Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2005, by and among Minto Builders (Florida), Inc., Minto Holdings Inc., Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Holders of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock as Listed on Schedule A Thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2005) 

 10.8 
 Supplemental Shareholders Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2005 by and among Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Holders of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock as Listed on Schedule A Thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2005) 

 10.9 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2008, by Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. in favor of and for the benefit of Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.177 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2008) 

 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant* 

 23.1 
 Consent of KPMG LLP* 

 31.1 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 

 31.2 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 

 32.1 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 

 32.2 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 

 -161- 

 99.1 
 Non-Retaliation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2005 (file number 333-122743)) 

 99.2 
 Responsibilities of the Compliance Officer of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2005 (file number 333-122743)) 

 99.3 
 First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2005) 

 99.4 
 Articles of Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. with Respect to 3.5% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2005) 

 99.5 
 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2005) 

 99.6 
 Articles of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. with Respect to Convertible Special Voting Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2005) 

 99.7 
 Articles of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. with Respect to 125 Shares of 12.5% Series B Cumulative Non-Voting Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17, 2005) 

 * 
 Filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 -162- 

